everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore Show
I'm here with Ron placode and Roger
Rittenhouse hi Roger
hey Jimmy good to see you so you know
we've been watching the Rachel Maddow
Show here and she's lost her mind and
people are noticing and I'm not saying
that's not even hyperbole she's out of
her mind
she's turned into a full-blown 24/7 top
of her lungs million miles an hour
red-baiting McCarthy smearing news
anchor the way I've heard it put the
best was from Janet Malcolm of The New
Yorker she recently described Rachel
Maddow Show as quote a piece of sleight
of hand presented as a cable news show
right you watch her show she's got all
these little pieces of information she
puts together and all turns out to Trump
is a Russian Trump is a traitor I just
can't everybody's a traitor everybody's
had corrupt and collusion to do the but
she'd never anyway remember she got
Trump's taxes remember that and she
blamed you for believing her she says a
piece of it's called it she calls the
Rachel Maddow Show a piece of sleight of
hand presented as cable news show it is
that by the way this is in New York The
New Yorker it is an TV entertainment at
its finest it permits liberals to enjoy
themselves during what may be the most
thoroughly unenjoyable times of their
political lives so if you want to hate
Trump you turn on Rachel Maddow and she
just tells you a story about how
horrible Trump is and she connects the
dots in a way that doesn't make sense to
anybody because apparently Trump is so
so corrupt that Rachel Maddow can do a
show about at 45 minutes every night yet
and Trump is a bumbling idiot yet he's
managed to stay one step ahead of the
NSA the CIA and the FBI and the
Department of Homeland Security they
just can't seem to nail this son of a
 even though they have every text
he's ever made every phone call Trump's
ever made and every email he's ever made
the government has it and they have it
from all his insiders to his everybody
in his family everybody in his cabinet
everybody in his business
they've got everybody's data and
information and texts and phone calls
and emails and he still stays one step
ahead of him but Rachel Maddow tell you
for an hour
every night how corrupt he is and she's
figured it out it's like basically her
show is like seven degrees of separation
from Trump yeah by the way knows Kevin
Bacon wrong no Ron pluck oh so that's
what this that's a great I just want to
read it to you one more time I hope I'm
not being too redundant a piece of
sleight of hand presented as a cable
news show it is TV entertainment and its
finest it permits liberals to enjoy
themselves during what may be the most
thoroughly unenjoyable times of their
political lives
so like when Republicans would turn on
Sean Hannity when Barack Obama got
elected and he would tell him Saul
Alinsky and Jeremiah ride and this guy's
a communist and look at he's gonna kill
a man they'll go I know it I know she's
does the same thing
and she does it a little worse because
Sean Hannity never accused and never
read baited as far as I know but here
pplause other people are noticing what
the hell was this Rachel Maddow segment
she did a segment yesterday that has
everybody baffled that's the that's the
headline at the HuffPo even the
Huffington Post
by the way we're in the same corporate
neoliberal bed that Rachel Maddow Zinn
even they're calling her out it starts
off with it was a vintage Rachel Maddow
stem-winder a deaf 25-minute weaving of
carefully curated soundbite screenshots
and of news reports slick maps and
graphics all strung together to make the
case that something fishy is afoot it's
a style Maddow is perfected and is
propelled her to the top of the ratings
heap she's the top of the ratings heap
she's the Bill O'Reilly of MSNBC Bill
O'Reilly was number one at Fox spewing
 Rachel Maddow's number one at
MSNBC spewing bullshitted you know who
taught her how to do it her good friend
Roger Ailes the sexual predator Roger
Ailes
who Rachel Maddow calls her good friend
how can I say something real quick
this article is written by Willa frej
who is a Huff Post reporter based in
London focuses on international fear
affairs and went to Yale so if anyone's
gonna be like oh this is probably just a
right-wing fluff piece criticized on
corporate left that's not what this is
you just want to throw that out there
right now that's totally not with this
believe me it had to be written by
somebody in another country because all
the goddamn mainstream journalists in
America are too afraid to say something
against the Russian narrative that the
CIA is propagating through the
Washington Post okay and Rachel Maddow
and CNN and everybody else there was
just one problem with this news segment
she did because it was about she's did a
new segment about the soldiers that were
killed in this year and well here's what
the problem is her what was her theory
Ron what was what was Rachel Maddow's
theory about how those soldiers died in
this year Rachel Maddow is theory
essentially in a nutshell is that
because the travel ban that Trump's
proposing the Muslim ban included Chad
now which it's confusing white includes
Chad but nonetheless it includes Chad
and she's saying that's why those
American soldiers were killed in Nigeria
was was you know kind of just they were
doing military efforts in the region
even though the groups aren't
necessarily related as this article
explains but Rachel Maddow saying well
that's why I put Americans in danger
because Chad was mad about the the
travel ban so they're saying we're not
gonna help anymore so now that all that
happened okay alright so there was just
one problem with that their theories
that a year ago but no this just
happened in this year no no the travel
ban the travel ban only getting mad a
year later I well I guess they keep
trying to it gets keep getting struck
down and he keeps trying to reinstate
Institute it but there was nine months
ago when he had the travel ban and it
seems odd that they would all of a
sudden you mean something that Rachel
Maddow said doesn't make sense
join the yeah get ready there was just
one problem madhouse theory was so
flimsy that it could be debunked by a
quick glance at a map let alone a phone
call with an expert madhouse segment was
designed to strongly suggest without
outright stating that trumps an edition
of Chad and his latest travel ban
prompted the country to remove its
troops from nazir leading to an increase
in extremist attacks and ultimately
claiming the lives of four US soldiers
yes a Chad's a new addition
so Travis to do it did that that's how
surprised a new addition that's how she
put it together
and here's a little bit here's a little
bit of that that report will show it's a
20 it was a 25 minute report it was a 25
minute report I did screen the whole
thing appreciate yeah she kind of was
yeah
so here's I wrote it down to this so
here's a little bit of it I'll just show
you where that's happening right I mean
maybe you could make by the way here so
this is Chad this is a new year the
attack took place somewhere over here
and she's saying it was because of and
so if you look at him no okay
by the way here's Libya right up there
okay that case that Chad has a terrorism
problem certainly they've had some
attacks but they're not them if that's
the problem they're nothing so she's
trying to go why would you ban Chad Wow
right that's what she's saying here why
would you ban Chad well I mean if that's
the reason you end up on the travel ban
list even just in that part of the world
why wouldn't you pick Nigeria why
wouldn't you pick Mali
I mean broaden it out a little bit why
wouldn't you pick your Rach why don't
you pick Afghanistan no Chad's the
country that has terrorism absolutely
baffling absolutely baffling and not as
baffling as your new show not as
baffling is that what you think you're
doing a Rhodes Scholar doing
unbelievable this most disgusting form
of propaganda and calling it a news show
that's what's baffling to me you're a
Rhodes Scholar so you know what you're
doing is horrible but they pay you
$30,000 a day and you now have the
highest ratings in all of cable for news
so who cares so who cares talk about
mission creep huh now your whole life is
this your whole life is this Rachel and
people are sick of it and
they're calling you out that's why you
got all those quotes from the experts
and bewildering puzzling no reason this
makes no sense the day after the travel
ban was announced the New York Times
interviewed the man who had been the
State Department's expert on that region
until last year when we got rid of all
the
he called putting Chad on that list
quote a knee-jerk move rather than a
careful decision one that could put
Americans in harm's way he said there's
no incentive to label Chad as soft on
terrorism which they definitely are not
now
I want you just to stick a pin in one
part of that quote there this could put
Americans in harm's way you see that
that is the guy who used to be the State
Department expert on shed until last
year a country where that's up so I'll
just stop it that's enough Wow
so then this article goes on to say
Chad's pull out from Nazir had an
immediate effect and embolden assistive
tech so you just heard her say that that
appears to be false according to the
Council on Foreign Relations and
accounts from a local residence the
attacks that have increased can be
tracked back to militant group Boko
Haram which is just based across the
border in Nigeria so a group of Boko
Haram Haram militants broke away and
formed the Islamic state West Africa
Laura Laura CIA an assistant professor
in Colby's college department of
government told Huffington Post but they
are separate from the so-called Islamic
state in the greater Sahara the group
that reportedly carried out the ambush
although no group has claimed
responsibility for the attack
Chad Ian's troops were present in this
year specifically to ward off Boko Haram
threat they had nothing to do with the
Islamic state in the greater Sahara
they were also based almost 800 miles
away in an area called diffa that's long
been battling the group so rachel maddow
saying it's because chad was fighting
isis they're not they're fighting Boko
Haram and any expert asked about JT and
troops battling Isis in Nazir would have
said no that's crazy
everybody that I know is appalled by
this I would like to think that madhouse
researchers are more responsible I'm
sure her researchers are more
responsible but
tomorrow isn't Rachel Maddow and this is
not hyperbole is a raving
lunatic out of her mind what she's doing
every night should embarrass Sean
Hannity let alone someone who calls
herself a Rhodes Scholar and she's not
embarrassed Rachel Maddow is now through
the looking-glass people plus the
pullout of Canadian troops isn't
necessarily related to the travel plan
man as Rachel Maddow implied it may have
already been planned and the travel ban
was the straw that broke the camel's
back sea has said Canadians didn't want
to keep their forces there forever and
we're at least looking to scale down if
we do see the travel ban lifted I'm not
sure you'd see the choo Didion's go back
in matter referred to the ambush as
absolutely baffling we showed you that
but an attack of this nature was almost
inevitable saya added seeing as American
Special Forces teams are operating in
remote areas in an in advise and assist
capacity training military personnel
across the region we've told you this we
have over a thousand military bases
around the world thousand military bases
around the world that's more military
bases that there are countries and we
don't there's we don't know there's
probably more we don't know because a
lot of them are secret and so yep
they're gonna get killed all over the
place and nobody even knows why they're
there why are we in GG air why we lazier
and even though they're technically in
an advisory capacity it's not uncommon
for these troops to end up in the line
of fire she noted they go on patrol with
local military so they're technically
not fighting but they're right there
together by reducing the story to its
mythic fundamentals this is great group
summary by reducing the story to its
mythic fundamentals Janet Malcolm wrote
earlier this month Matthau creates the
illusion of completeness that novels and
short stories create we feel that this
is the story as we listen to and watch
her tell it it's a tactic
right-wing hosts like Sean Hannity and
Alex Jones have perfected building myths
using unrelated or unreliable
information in ways that brought us the
birther lie and the Benghazi controversy
putting the country on a path to fake
news and the trump presidency or it's
like Glenn Beck you know like how Glenn
Beck would have those things buried have
those chalkboards yeah yeah the black
boy and he would make those connections
right and you would listen to these
connections he's making and you'd be
like how do you dress yourself in the
more yeah like how do you pull that off
yeah saying this out loud it's it is the
same thing uh it's well I've been saying
that for a couple months now I used to
think it was the right-wing that did
this turns out the left-wing does it
gladly
Joanne Reid Chris Hayes Rachel Maddow
they have no trouble doing this
propaganda that they live for it almost
the article this is the last I'll show
you it says on Thursday Maddow reduced
the story so thoroughly that it lost any
semblance of a larger truth so there you
go Rachel Maddow we already have one
video on this channel where i talk about
Rachel that I was losing her mind and
people are noticing that was when box
noticed I was the intercept that was the
intercept noticed how bad she was and
they wrote an article about it here
isn't someone else catching on of course
it's someone from England because you
don't know if you know Thomas Frank who
wrote the what's the matter with Kansas
and listen liberal he writes for the
Guardian because they don't hire real
reporters in the United States anymore
who tell the truth about the neoliberals
and the corporate plutocrats they don't
they don't do it that's why he has to
that's why New York Times bestselling
author has to work for a foreign
newspaper so Rachel Maddow doesn't she
works right here right because she is
doing the bidding of them of the
red-baiting plutocrats and she's happy
to do it and Rachel Maddow is revealing
she is an empty vessel with zero
integrity and to the point where she
needs a sec yet Rick help I think she
really needs psychiatric help and she's
got enough money to get it
but I bet she doesn't and boy it really
does blow the whole through that idea I
used to have that just because as a
representative Richard Martin said on
our show that the Liberals are so stupid
they think just because someone's gay
their moral well if an attack happens in
Los Angeles Rachel Maddow can tell you
that she doesn't know exactly where the
answer is but she's pretty sure it's in
El Paso Texas that's where you start so
it's great to see Rachel Maddow getting
called out for what she is it won't
affect her because everybody in the
establishment wants her to keep doing
this and it's only principled people who
actually have integrity who are noticing
and calling it out great job Willa great
job and of course it could only come
from the UK and now you know the rest of
this story
