hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with special host vegeta
Santos hi I worked with cheap Vegeta we
worked together on that Jesse Ventura's
world according to Jesse when he was on
vacations became the world according to
Jimmy which that's right it was great we
kept the initials w80 J yes we did
wasn't on purpose but it just worked out
and worked out yeah it worked out
Jesse's a true patriot I love that guy
yes so right now we're gonna talk about
I saw this interview on the BBC which
was kind of stunning but first I want to
give you a little background until if
you watch the show you already know this
but in case this is the first time
you're seeing it why are we in Syria
there's two reasons why the first reason
is because Saudi Arabia wants us to go
there and they've offered to paint for
us to do it here's John Kerry admitting
that in front with respect to Arab
countries offering to bear cost and to
assess the answers profoundly yes they
have that offer is on the table so there
it is in regard to our Arab countries
who have made an offer the offers on the
table what does that offer include
exactly let's hear what he has to say
this is him by the way in front of the
Howard House Foreign Affairs Committee
the secretary secretary and the the
details on the offer and the proposal on
the table what what are the figures that
we're talking about well we don't know
what action we're engaged in right now
but they've been quite significant I
mean very significant what I like here
is he's about to giggle about war
funding from Saudi Arabia here we go
this is this is the laugh caused by the
petrodollar ready here we go
in fact some of them have said that if
the United States is prepared to go do
the whole thing the way we've done it
previously in other places they'll carry
that cost that's how dedicated they are
this so there you go that's the that's
the Saudi Arabia that's the admission
that Saudi Arabia has offered for to pay
for us
I like we'd like they've done before if
we're willing to do it alone like you
know we did the first Iraq war second
Iraq war
that kind of stuff they'll pay for it
and why would they pay for it because of
the petrol dollar and if you don't know
what that is in the 70s with Nixon took
us off the gold standard and we went on
the petro dollar which Saudi Arabia
agreed to whenever someone buys oil from
them they have to first convert their
currency in the greenbacks American
dollars and that's artificially kind of
been keeping our currency afloat and
what we got gave them in return for that
was our military which is why we're in
bed with that brutal dictatorship that's
committing a genocide in Yemen instead
of other Arab countries which are less
brutal than they are right so why aren't
we friends with Iran and we're friends
with Saudi Arabia it's got to do with
the petrol dollar okay so by the way did
you know this about John Kerry that he
admitted it I mean we all know that
Saudi Arabia is offered to vote did you
know that no I did not know that that's
kind of stunning right yeah yeah but not
really surprising no not surprising
starting that they just admitted it yeah
but I think people have done this before
in Congress they come out and admit
things and they don't realize that
they're admitting something every time
they're just kind of thinking there
that's gonna go under under the rug yes
and Saudi Arabia wants to and Qatar was
to put a pipeline natural gas through
Syria which is what a lot of that which
is what this is about
and they've wanted to get rid of Assad
for a long time now another part of this
is Israel so this is from wiki links
Hillary Clinton's brief on Syria from
Clinton emails and if you read it says
the best way to help Israel deal with
Iran's growing nuclear capability is to
help the people of Syria overthrow the
regime of Bashar Assad what the and then
the bottom here is in yellow what Israel
military leaders really worried about
but cannot talk about is losing their
nuclear monopoly so those are the two
reasons why we're in Syria that no one
in mainstream news will tell you how
much how much coverage have Syria have
you watched how much have you read I'm
gonna guess a bunch even if you're
trying not to have you ever heard that
before have you ever heard any
establishment news person say well you
know worried about the behest of Israel
in Saudi Arabia
this really isn't about
helping anyone this is about yes so but
so did you have were you aware that that
means that WikiLeaks yes yeah I'm aware
of this yeah so here's one more thing
that I want to let you know so this is a
Christian home and she used to work for
CNN she's back working for CNN right now
she's doing a special show about sex and
it's about sex and the way people have
sex all over the world Jimmy so what
about refugees how do they maintain sex
okay so here is Christiane Amanpour this
is from 2006 just in case you thought
for a second that the Syrian war was
about something that happened in 2013 or
something that happened in 2011 or
something that happened last year or a
gas attack that just happened this month
if you think it's about any of that
stuff let me disabuse you of that bad
idea and here is Christiane Amanpour
talking with Bashar al Assad in 2006
here we go mister president you know the
rhetoric of regime change is headed
towards you from the United States they
are actively looking for a new Syrian
leader they're granting visas and and
visits to Syrian opposition politicians
they're talking about isolating you
diplomatic ly and perhaps a coup d'etat
or your regime crumbling what are you
thinking about that I think it's
fantastic thanks for the thanks for the
question I appreciate it thank you for
being so straightforward I think it's
great I think I should get the hell out
of here I don't know what I'm doing
ruling the country so that's in 2006 now
if she said that in 2006 what are the
implications of that I mean what is
coming she just told him paradis she
should thank her and it only took about
five more years for the CIA to go into
Syria start paying up moderate rebels
right I love that moderate rebels what
does a moderate rebel do you know what a
moderate rebel is
a moderate rebel is not really a thing
that exists that's like a little thing
is a moderate rebel yeah revelry or not
and that's it I'm a moderate rebel like
I'd like to kill people but I'm lazy I'm
a little I'm more about eating Cheetos
and watching Netflix right moderate
rebel symbolizes somebody who just goes
on Twitter and sent the middle finger
you know to the regime not somebody who
gets out there and gets involved with
terrorists being a moderate rebel is
kind of like being a moderately pregnant
yes you either are er yeah there's no
other middle so there is no such thing
as a moderate rebel so there's the whole
point of this so I wanted to give you
all that background just so you know
what's really going on and that they're
all lying to you in the establishment
press right when they say this is
because of what Assad did when they were
doing graffiti in 2011 and he killed
people they wanted been doing this they
wanted to overthrow him for a long long
time and this has nothing to do with
what they're telling you which is why we
have a show that's actually popular
because the establishment news sucks so
hard and they won't tell you the truth
and here I'm gonna show you how news
anchor goes one step further not only
will they not tell you the truth but
when someone comes on their show to tell
you the truth they try to smear them and
undermine them
you think I'm kidding let's here we go
so uh well here we go we can speak now
to the Labour peer and forum at the
Royal Navy Lord West he joins us from
our Westminster studios and thank you
very much for your time this morning
you've been casting some doubt on what's
been happening the evidence according to
our own defense secretary according to
president macro of France and others
about what happened in Duma saying that
the evidence doesn't really fit well for
President Assad ordering a chemical
attack just tell us more about Europe
your thoughts on that first of all yes I
present Assad is in the process of
winning this civil war
he was about to take over and occupy
Doom all that area he'd had a long long
hard slog slowly capturing that whole
area of the city and there just before
he goes in and takes it all over
apparently he decides to have a chemical
attack it just doesn't ring true it
seems extraordinary because clearly he
would know that there's likely be a
response from the from the allies what
benefit is there for his military most
of the rebel fighters this disparate
group of Islamists withdrawn there are a
few women and children left around what
what benefit was there militarily in
doing what he did I find that
extraordinary whereas we know that in
the past some of the Islamic groups have
used chemicals and of course they're a
huge benefit in them labeling an attack
is coming from Assad because they would
guess quite rightly that there'd be a
response from the US as there was last
time and possibly from the UK and France
so now if that guy was on CNN they would
call him a conspiracy peddler because
that's what I do on my show I say the
exact same things he's saying and CNN
called me a conspiracy peddler and the
conspiracy that I pedaled was skepticism
over the official narrative that the gas
attack in duma was carried out by assad
the same thing that guy was the chief
sea lord but boy that's not such a title
huh and he's gonna go on so that's kind
of so that makes sense right what he's
saying to you what does that make sense
so that seems reasonable it seems
reasonable
again Syria for me is such a complicated
one we really don't know what's
happening and it is done by a design all
governments lie and they're all doing
their best to make sure that it remains
a lie so it is really hard to know who
is telling the truth but I think it's
very important to be critical of all of
it and at least exercise your critical
thinking skills in and in question
everything that's coming out of there I
really can't believe all governments
like that is so hard to believe yeah I
know
so crazy I mean that is poof that hits
you right in the Saddam anyway so I so
so now she's gonna push back a little
and it doesn't get horrible yet it's
still okay here we go to say though that
you're looking at this from the point or
from the point of view of strategy and
tactics rather than any evidence
absolutely although we do know that the
reports that have came from there were
from the white helmets who let's face it
or not not neutrals you know they're
very much on the side of the disparate
groups who are fighting Assad and also
the World Health Organization doctors
who are there and again those doctors
are embedded in amongst the groups doing
fantastic work I know but they're not
they're not neutral and and I am just a
little bit concerned because as we now
move the next phase in this war if I
were advising some of the Islamist
groups many of whom are worse than - I
would say look we gotta wait until
there's another attack by Assad's forces
I have was particularly if they have a
helicopter overhead or something like
that and they're dropping barrel bombs
and we must set off some chlorine
because we'll get the next attack from
the allies and there's no doubt that if
we believe he's done a chemical attack
we should do that and those attacks will
get bigger and it is the only way
they've got actually of stopping the
inevitable victory of Assad ah so again
that makes a hundred percent sense
that's logical what he's saying is
logical what were being fed from our
government and the other Western
governments that want to overthrow Assad
for the reasons I already showed you
doesn't make any sense whatsoever it's
just such a weird coincidence that every
time the United States announces they're
withdrawing from Syria Assad goes and
screws the whole pooch and decides to
gas his own people when he could just as
easily drop a frickin bomb on him if he
wanted to kill them okay so now here
comes my favorite part here we go you
saying that there may be something
faulty with the intelligence the proof
that President mackerel has said he has
oh the president backhoe said he has it
really Wow well I guess that means it's
true then because I'm sure they prove if
the president said so I mean come on
there are known knowns and known
unknowns and knowns of knowns and notes
with thee to quote the defense secretary
here Gavin Williamson the significant
body of intelligence which suggests the
Assad regime is responsible for what
happened in duma are you suggesting
there may be faulty intelligence behind
all of this yes yes that's what he
suggested this is my favorite we've seen
this before all these faulty
intelligence reports that come out I
mean five years after they took out more
Marga dha'fi UK Parliament literally
released a report saying we had faulty
intelligence he wasn't actually gonna do
all the things we thought he was gonna
do and we underestimated all the
terrorists in 64 years after the CIA
does the Iranian coup they come out and
say oh yeah just kidding him is all
about oil in case you didn't know so it
always comes out later on this is why
everybody's questioning what's really
happening as we should because we should
not just accept the official line from
any government from anybody but it's
it's a little weird that now when you
look back at history and call out these
prior events that you are a conspiracy
theorist yes so when you actually call
out their conspiracies that they're
actually committing yes you are now
branded a conspiracy theorist because
you caught them and again how many times
has this happened we had you know gulf
of tonkin literally the lie that
launched the Vietnam War over and over
again so many lies and this is just the
next in a series of them so of course
people are going to be confused and the
American mainstream media actually all
the Western mainstream media has done a
great job of creating you know their own
propaganda so that when other networks
like RT come out and have their own
reporting everybody you know talks about
this information war but really what's
happening is they're the mainstream
press is just losing their chokehold on
everything because they're they can have
this war with you know RT and other
networks but there are people like you
who are independent and other
journalists who are independent they
stop everybody and they're trying right
now they're trying but their who even
watches TV anymore I don't know anybody
who watches TV who has cable right this
is my question who who actually turns to
CNN to get informed who actually turns
the MSNBC even how many times does it
have to be revealed that they're in the
tank for the corporation not in the tank
for their viewers they're there to make
money for their parent company not there
to inform you and in minute that Rachel
Maddow or Chris Hayes says anything that
costs their company a nickel
they will be out on their ear just like
Ed Schultz was gone when he had great
ratings phil downey with the number one
show on the network just has taken off
MSNBC Freddie rock Jeff she was taken
off because of a rock I'm out for the
rest of his contract cuz he wouldn't get
in line
it's the same thing so dad another one
Jesse vent so if you if you're against
war they they will fire you at the
establishment news if you don't
acquiesce if you just do your job of
being a journalist you're supposed to be
a journalist this is what you're
supposed to do you got hired to do a job
and then they tell you they don't want
you to do that job it's ridiculous
so what I tell people people ask me
about how do I approach stories like
this with the government how can I tell
who's telling the truth and I always say
my jumping-off point is the government
is lying they're all lying and I have to
figure out what that lie is right but
you should at least be able to hear all
the lies that's right which where the
truth is because if we're only hearing
one lie that's right you are correct so
okay you think the it gets better here
we go I think if it saying it suggested
did it I'm not sure that's strong enough
if they've got and I'm not privy to this
if they've got really good intelligence
let's say for example GCHQ or NSA
intercepts of Syrian officers discussing
an attack and saying yes let's use
chlorine then okay fine and I have no
difficulty with what was done none at
all
now I disagree with him on that point
he's saying oh we can prove they did the
gas attack then we should bomb Syria
because that pretends that presupposes
that we care about people and the way
they're killed so some people got killed
with gas now we're gonna go kill them
with with the bombs doesn't make any
sense
a
be if we really cared about people we
wouldn't be assisting Saudi Arabia in
committing a genocide in Yemen today
exactly
cuz that's that's the point they can't
get away from and they'll never bring up
on establish they never bring it up and
by the way I did a half-hour special on
our tea they let me do a special about
Yemen I just said I want to talk about
Yemen they said go for it oh really yes
and at that time there was barely
anything out there about Yemen and what
was really going on there that's still
not being reported and established by
news I mean if they do report it though
they just focus on the Iran angle they
don't focus on the fact that America has
literally sold all these weapons to
Saudi Arabia to drop on top of the
civilians there at weddings just this
week this week Chris Hayes did cover
Yemen in October of 2016 he covered it
one time so here we go gets better I
think if if he has used chemical weapons
it's absolutely right to do a wrap
across his knuckles to show him that the
international community are not willing
to put up with this and it's right to do
it
but I just wonder you know we've had
some bad experiences on intelligence
when I was chief of Defense Intelligence
I had huge pressure put on me
politically to try and say that our
bombing campaign in in Bosnia was
achieving all sorts of things which it
wasn't I was put under huge pressure so
I know the things that can happen with
intelligence and I would just like to be
absolutely sure we we know that the
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov
said on Friday so first of all that's
jaw-dropping like if I was that reporter
or that host I would say wait a minute
wait a minute you were pressured before
when you were a defense minister you
were pressured to say something about
war that you knew wasn't true you were
pressured to lie to your own people who
pressured you that would be my next
question who did all that pressuring you
know tremendous pressure to lie people
