everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i'm here at the miserable liberal and
ron flick own I'm miserable
howdy ami so guess what there's a
another gas attack in Syria and let's
remind you what happened the last time
there was a gas attack in Syria the news
media was very skeptical very critical
and they lamented the loss of life and
that comes from any military
confrontation here's go into greater
detail we see these beautiful pictures
at night from the decks of these two US
Navy vessels in the eastern
Mediterranean I am tempted to quote the
great Leonard Cohen I'm guided by the
beauty of our weapons and they so that's
how the that's how Brian Williams at
MSNBC handled a missile attack he's
there beautiful here's here's what's
Acharya Fareed Zakaria said about
trumped bombing Syria 78 of the Trump
presidency what changed last night I
think Donald Trump became President of
the United States I think this that's
what it takes to become president need
to bomb somebody over a gas attack in
someone else's country a country that
has nothing to do with us why were there
I have no idea I do have an idea I know
exactly why we're there but guess what
so remember that he became president and
Brian Williams nodded in his pants
and then it turns out general mattis
admits there was no evidence Assad used
poison gas on his people lost in the
hyper politicized halle-loo surrounding
the Nunez memorandum and the steel
dossier was the striking statement by
Secretary of Defense James Madison at
the US has quote no evidence that the
Syrian government used the banned nerve
agent sarin against its own people
so that gets Turkish swept under the rug
that's the last one the first one
happened in 2013 that also was debunked
and proved to be a false flag operation
so what a false flag operation is is
that the the the rebels Isis and
al Qaeda who are being funded by Saudi
Arabia to overthrow Assad so they can
put a pipeline through Syria Isis and Al
Qaeda which are being funded by Saudi
Arabia and the United States are losing
and what they do to draw the United
States into a confrontation is to do
these false flag gas attacks seeing look
Assad's gassing his own people the
United States has to save us meanwhile
we're committing a genocide in Yemen
right now at help with Saudi Arabia so
we don't care about people or anybody
getting killed
so that's to get this that's how you
know this is propaganda we don't care
about people being killed we're killing
them right now we're doing siege warfare
in Yemen which is a war crime okay so
now the new one here's the latest
doesn't kill the suspected chemical
attack insert a con serial rebel Enclave
so that's wet that's so and they always
have the pictures of the kids right and
then but we never had pictures of the
kids were bombing in Syria over the kids
that were bombed by the way Saudi Arabia
did an air strike today killed 14 people
kids included in Syria where are those
pictures where the pictures of the dead
kids were killing in Yemen with our
siege warfare where are the pictures of
the slave trade that's happening in open
markets and Libya because we turn that
into a failed state this is exactly what
we keep doing we did in Afghanistan we
did it in Iraq we did it in Libya we're
doing it in Syria and so here and then
Trump promised Assad will pay a price
but it may make little differences from
the independent today then if they will
make it they pay a price and what it and
what does Russia say back Russia warns
us of grave repercussions if it attacks
Syria so you as anyone afraid yet about
world war three over nothing it's not
nothing it's all the same thing it's
always been over oil fossil fuels
money and power that's what it's over
it's not about helping
people it's not about saving babies from
gas attacks it's not about any of that
stuff it's not about democracy or
freedom this is again another fossil
fuel get grabbed this is all propaganda
well here's from the Guardian or early
independent the independent says it
remains mysterious why Assad should
provoke the United States and Europeans
just as his moment of victory in
Damascus and when the rebels are on the
point of surrender or have already done
so yeah it's really a head scratcher
it's weird that Russia would it would
poison a guy in such an obvious way that
could be traced right back to the
Kremlin in the UK it's weird that they
would do that right before the Russian
elections and referred the soccer that
it'd be weird that they would do it in
such a clumsy way also weird that Assad
would do this right he's winning and
they just about augsburg and then he
would go and do this they would drive
that's just so funny - so he's such a
dummy he's such a dummy but we caught
him right and here it is drunk Trump
vows quick action why quick action why
not wait for an investigation to be
conclusive why not
because this isn't about anything except
propaganda and starting more war and I'm
already the best journalist in the
country right now because turning on
MSNBC and CNN and see if they're telling
you what's really happening in Syria and
that this is a false flag attack again
they won't even mention the last one was
do you think they're gonna mention that
that frickin mattis said there was no
evidence of the last one and then the
one before that was debunked - that that
stuff came through Turkey so here we are
here we are again it remains mysterious
you mean counterintuitive and stupid and
transparently propagandistic is that
that's what you mean
Trump vows quick attack why a quick
attack
because you got to do it before the
evidence comes out the same reason why a
bush wanted to order all the weapons
inspectors out of Iraq before that truth
came out this is what war mongers do and
it looks like the deep that looks like
the intelligence community has trumped
by the balls now and he's doing whatever
they want
it looks like it and now they got Bolton
in there and bones wasn't gonna do
whatever the intelligence between anyone
he's a bigger war monger than the war
mongers the suspected chemical weapons
attack late on Saturday killed at least
60 people with more than a thousand
injured in several sites in Douma city
near the capital Damascus according to
Syrian organs a two days later the White
House was still only able to say that
the attack fit the pattern of Syrian
President Bashar Assad's chemical
weapons use we just showed you that
Madison mitad the last one wasn't there
was no evidence and the one before that
was debunked so what pattern is that you
mean that pattern of false flags by Isis
who were funding you mean that pattern
it actually fits a pattern of false
flags that's what it fits a pattern of
that's how we got into Vietnam Vietnam
was a complete false flag that's how we
got into Kuwait Iraq war the first time
the first Gulf War do you remember what
happened there in the first Gulf War do
you remember the propaganda they spewed
then Iraq attacks Kuwait claiming the
Kuwaiti czar slant drilling into Iraq's
oil fields u.s. President George Herbert
Walker Bush pushes for a land war
against Iraq but polls show the US
public is split 50/50 on that idea then
comes this eyewitness testimony before a
congressional committee from a 15 year
old Kuwaiti girl the claim is she cannot
be identified for fear of reprisals
while I was there I saw the Iraqi
soldiers coming to the hospital with
guns they took the babies out of
incubators took pinky bears and let
these children to die on the cold floor
the US public is outraged the result
support for land Wars
it's a turning point Desert Storm is
launched 135 thousand Iraqis are killed
an estimated 1 million Iraqis many of
them children and old people then die as
a result of 10 years of sanctions one
small problem there never were any
incubator baby deaths not one the
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's
investigative flagship program the Fifth
Estate reveals the girl to be the
Kuwaiti ambassador's daughter given her
lines and coached in acting by the giant
American PR firm Hill & Knowlton it's
one phase in a ten million dollar joint
us Kuwaiti campaign of deception this
man is lying I myself but at 14 newborn
babies that had been taken from their
incubators this man is lying and they
had kids and incubators and they were
thrown out in the incubators so the
Kuwait could be systematically
dismantled there were a lot of people
who participated in a conspiracy yes an
out-and-out conspiracy of fake
organizations false documents fraud and
disinformation so if a new man named
Bush is in the White House and helps
engineer a brazen deception in order to
achieve global geopolitical goals as
well as domestic and personal ones it
wouldn't be a first would it does
anybody in the media ever mention any of
this answer no does MSNBC bring phil
donahue on who got the BS about the iraq
war right the first time the first the
second Iraq war do they bring Phil down
you on no in fact they fired Phil down
to you cuz he was right and MSNBC is
owned by a defense contractor that makes
bazillions of dollars off of war that's
what's going on hey here's here's some
more from Reuters initial US assessments
have so far but unable to
conclusively what materials were used at
the attack
and cannot say with a hundred percent
certain that Assad's government forces
were behind it yet Trump has to decide
within 48 hours he's gonna recite in 40
hours we're gonna attack right away why
cuz it's not true that's why just like I
pointed out in our last video about this
why would you smear Jeremy Corbyn when
Jeremy Corbyn says let's wait for
evidence and this screwball poisoning
it's not how you say it mm-hm
let's wait for the evidence to come out
and if it's really the the Russians
behind it we'll deal with it then but
let's not jump to conclusions without
evidence because that's irresponsible
and then they smeared him for that
well if they had the evidence why
wouldn't they just show it to him why
would they smear him cuz they don't have
it that's why that's why and here's from
medium new Syrian chemical this is from
Caitlin Johnson who's excellent on this
topic she says new Syrian chemical
weapon attacks being reported by all the
usual suspects so she goes so to be
clear we're being asked by these people
to believe that Bashar al-assad launched
a mass casualty chemical attack the
thing which would provoke the wrath of
the US war machine just as Trump was
seeking a withdrawal from Syria and just
as Assad was approaching victory in
Douma this is what we're supposed to
believe and this is what they do believe
at MSNBC ABC CBS CNN New York Times
Washington Post this is what they do
believe they don't believe this is what
they push yeah this is what because
you'll get fired you it'll be bad for
your career if you could what I'm doing
but guess what I don't want to be in
their goddamn Club so that's why I get
to tell you the truth we are being asked
to ignore the fact that the area is
crawling with actual literal terrorists
Isis and al Qaeda al nusra to ignore the
Western empires extensive history of
using lies propaganda and false Flags
to manufacture support for military
aggression is to ignore the the
extremely suspicious Western funding and
terrorist ties of
white helmets who are circulating these
photos and information and to ignore the
fact that Syria has been a target of
imperialist regime change for many many
years we are being asked to ignore all
that and believe instead that as Assad
spontaneously began acting against his
own self-interest so that he could kill
children for no discernible reason
no this is the gun this is the worst
thing if the worst thing you could do as
Assad is to do this right now why would
he do this there's no discernible reason
it says so much about the power of
Western media psyops that this has a
strong chance of being believed it is
being believed well here's why I love
this this is a this is Assad well you
see I was winning the war against Isis
and al-nusra but then I decided to order
an illogical chemical attack to turn the
whole world against me because
everything was just going too well for
me and here's one more great one there's
a great meme this is from the art of war
but it says when your enemy is nearly
defeated and final victory is at hand
gasps your own people so the nation's
greater than yours will intervene and
destroy you I thought that was from the
prince but I guess art of war all right
yeah there it is art of war it's that's
what it tells you when you're just about
to win do something that makes you get
destroyed by a stronger country it's
funny cuz it's so obvious but it's sad
because people who should be telling you
the truth and know better aren't you
don't think Chris Hayes has the access
to the information I have
you don't think Lawrence O'Donnell has
access to the information I have you
don't think lawrence O'Donnell has Phil
Donahue's number of course he does but
these are corporate tools and that's why
we have a show because they'll not never
gonna tell you the truth about war ever
Chris Hayes spent three minutes telling
the truth about Palestine and Israel
last week and everyone almost
themselves people were tweeting it out
and talking about what a great three
minutes he spent telling the truth
about israel-palestine and that was
groundbreaking at MSNBC someone told the
truth about Israel that's what a big
deal that's how it lit that's how
infrequently it happens that it went
noticed by everybody that Chris Hayes
told the truth about Israel bounds like
that was unbelievable well they're not
telling you the truth about this that
they don't have the balls and you know
and the people at CNN they're picked cuz
they're dumb they're if you go watch
broadcast news there William Hurt
they're chosen because they're in
curious dumb repeaters of information
the government gives them that's why
they're hired anyway I don't want to
pick on down lemon I think I think
Anderson Cooper is the best guy to sniff
this a member of the Vanderbilt family
so so so now you know the rest of the
story and there's way more to this I
mean more BS but here we are again I
mean this is couldn't be more
transparent how bad this the poisoning
in the UK was of the double agent how
transparently obvious it was a
propaganda and this - well you know it's
particularly ridiculous this time around
they're not even trying to like make
light of the fact or hide the fact that
there hasn't even been in an
investigation they're making has there
been an investigation yet no well 24 to
48 hours likelike that should be on the
front page everywhere
world's strongest Empire going to react
without an investigation at all and Oh
sounds like the right thing to do you
know their lives at stake here you know
I want to point out Jimmy that you have
there you know you're saying it's from
the art of war I just want to remind
everybody we're not in war the last time
war was declared was by Roosevelt that
was the last time that war was declared
the rest of these have been Korea
Vietnam Persian Gulf Afghanistan Iraq
Technica
those aren't Wars everybody those are
conflicts and you could call them
extended military engagements well I
member that's one way that they're
really making sure that the gut that the
Americans don't come together and
protest against these wars they're just
not calling the Moors they're making it
hey we need to go spread some democracy
good healthy democracy what reminds me
of one of my favorite Bill Hicks bits
where he goes you know a war is when two
armies are fighting yeah so that's
really the crux of this show is calling
out how bad the media is how bad the
Democrats have let you down and caused
all of our problems and see how you
never get the truth about war so you're
not getting the truth about it it's just
amazing so this this is you wonder how
McCarthy happened this is how it happens
they this is just an it it's
unbelievable you wonder how Vietnam
happened you wonder how that we look at
the first Gulf War we knew that that guy
should be in prison George Herbert
Walker Bush for lying us into that war
so should his son but the bad guy is
Assad who never attacked us ever the
side has never attacked us ever but
where we dropped so many bombs in Syria
we're not wearing out of bombs in 2015
okay please let me know in the comments
if you find another news show reporting
this correctly if you find another news
show on an establishment media I'm
talking I'm talking FOX NBC I'm talking
CNN I'm talking MSNBC any of those
Bloomberg CNBC if you see anybody who's
reporting this correctly please let me
know please put a link or send an email
to what's our email uh jimmy at jimmy
dore comedy calm jimmy at jimmy dore
comedy calm that's why you mail it's so
easy
yeah that's pretty easy
to get that on my business card I have
to get that on my email so that I can
email people back cuz right now when I
get there the email goes to Ron and then
it comes to me it does who gives a
okay thank you very much for watching
please make sure you come to our June
30th show in Portland Oregon make sure
you're subscribed because even if you
think you're probably not click the bell
then you'll get a notification when we
drop videos they're not giving
notifications to people we did a video
about that and you have to click the
bell so thank you very much and please
if you can become a patron we give you
hours of bonus material every week and
we run steam it right now we're steaming
it right now and that's how people get
the solid chat Saturday's is also being
a premium member so yeah we do solid
chat Saturday every Satur we do a live
stream for a couple of hours where we
take questions 2 p.m. and we at 2 p.m.
every Saturday Pacific time and we take
questions and we'll answer them and then
we make that available for our patrons
be if they can't make it to our live
stream which a lot of them can't so we
so that goes there plus lots of other
comedy sketches and thanks for your
support
[Music]
