hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show you know we did a video about this
we talked about this already the the
smearing that's happening to
progressives right so if your this is
traditional right so this is what they
did to get rid of the unions right so
they would send an FBI guy to the
schools he'd want the union leader
they'd blacklist them and so that's
after the World War two that's how the
industrialist got over and so they're
doing this now the corporatists are
doing this they're smearing anybody to
their left and it's happened of course
you know to us on this show because we
ask for evidence in the Red Scare that's
happening we asked for evidence and then
people go oh you must be that sounds
like something uh Putin Bach let's say
they'd ask for evidence to I go I
thought that's what we anyway so you see
stuff like this there's a guy with a
blue check and he's must be important
and so he tweets it out Jill Stein is a
Russian agent and he's he's retweeting
scoop the Senate Russian investigation
is now looking into Jill Stein a former
campaign staffer says BuzzFeed and so he
retweets it and says Jill Stein is a
Russian agent we he says it ten times
because that makes it true if you say it
ten times and who is that guy Zack well
he's a former 2016 Hillary Clinton
director of Rapid Response oh my god so
it's full-blown McCarthyism no doubt no
one's there not even all you have to do
is get asked to appear in front of a
Senate committee and that's enough
you're in that's it's all over with and
Glenn Greenwald caught that and he said
Congress asks for das Docs to see if
there's a connection between Jill
Stein's campaign in Russia there's zero
evidence that there is yet the mere
congressional inquiry has instantly
prompted declarations of guilt and
treason like this just please don't call
the climate McCarthyite right and here's
max Blumenthal he says led by Dianne
Feinstein Democrats are exploiting
Russia gate to eliminate the political
opposition to their left the innuendo
spread against Stein and the Green Party
contains all the classical elements of
McCarthyism and one more from Glenn
Greenwald he says Jill Stein click on
Jill Stein that's trending and you'll
see countless leading Democrats with
large platform strongly implying if not
outright stating she's a Kremlin agent
all because of a
congressional inquiry they couldn't be
but they couldn't better replicate
McCarthyism if they tried now I just
want to before we're gonna bring on
Jill's uh to talk about this and before
I do I want to remind everybody that
this would be more of a joke if it
wasn't so seriously being pushed by
everyone in the establishment media and
the major political party because just a
couple years ago I'm glad you recognized
that al Qaeda is a threat because a few
months ago when you were asked what's
the biggest geopolitical threat facing
America you said Russia not al Qaeda you
said Russia and the 1980s are now
calling to ask for their foreign policy
back because you know the Cold War has
been over for 20 years but governor yeah
when it comes to our foreign policy you
seem to want to import the foreign
policies in the 1980s so remember when
Barack Obama used to make fun of Mitt
Romney remember that he delivered that
joke pretty well though by the way he
didn't nail that joke so I want us to
show you one more thing if I can this is
from Jeremy Scahill he says regardless
of what people think of Jill Stein or
the Green Party this Senate
investigation sets a dangerous precedent
as does the lion ization of the FBI
Comey and Mueller very short-sighted and
it will all come back around well please
welcome our guest former presidential
candidate of the Green Party Jill Stein
is here with us to talk about all this
hello thanks for being on with us great
to be with you thank you so much Jimmie
for being a lone voice in the wilderness
here and speaking truth to power for so
long you always do and on this issue too
well I appreciate you giving me a chance
in the last election to vote against
Goldman Sachs
and to vote against more war and to vote
against more fracking and to vote
against the Silicon Valley and the big
pharma it was really nice to have an
outlet to do that and I love the green
New Deal everybody loves the green New
Deal so I mean everybody who's awake and
wants to move the country forward is and
believes in science actually so thank
you for doing that I just always like to
thank you for giving me the because no
more could can I give my vote to
corporatist warmongers
we just saw the Democrats go along with
Donald Trump's bloated military budget
right they do this they gave them an
extra eighty billion dollars which by
the way could have paid for everybody's
free college and could have gotten rid
of all the student debt but John Oliver
will tell you that's impossible right so
anyway I please explain to me everybody
shows this picture of you I'll put it up
this picture of you sitting at a table
with Putin and now of course that means
that you and everybody else in that room
is a Putin agent right yeah and you know
we've only gone on the record on this
many many times and really tried to get
the attention of the press to clarify
what was going on for the past year or
so we have been smeared with this fact
this photograph that's been used to
basically establish a presumption of
guilt because there I was at a table
that showed for that moment that
Vladimir Putin was there and general
Flynn was there there were you know like
11 12 people at that table there were a
number of diplomats from other countries
from Germany from the Czech Republic and
then there were a bunch of Russians who
walked in very late Putin and three or
four of his inner circle came in well
into the dinner maybe an hour or so into
the dinner and they were there very
briefly before he gave a speech in
Russian when they came in I thought this
must be his bodyguards it turned out no
they were his inner circle his head of
communications and policy and things
like that but you never would have known
that because nobody was introduced to
anybody there were no names exchanged
there was no interpreter there was no
discussion so you know and then he
quickly went around the table shook
everybody's hand I think even without
eye contact it was just boom boom boom
boom boom around the table and then they
left
so there was absolutely nothing
meaningful that took place between
myself and Putin I didn't observe Flynn
talk to Putin
and I read in a investigative report
done by The New Yorker last February
that had interviewed the Czech Republic
diplomat that was sitting next to Flynn
the only guy at the table who spoke both
English and Russian he translated the
conversation between Flynn so he said
the conversation between Flynn and Putin
and that conversation to paraphrase it
was how you doing okay that was that was
discussion so you're telling me that you
went to Russia now for this conference
that did Putin pay for everything
nothing oh he didn't pay for anything so
you paid for your own way at you're at a
conference and you're sitting next to
German diplomats not collect me if I'm
wrong Germany is an ally of the United
States correct okay so and who and
there's other news organizations at this
thing to who else is there so this is a
real legitimate conference I was invited
to participate in a panel addressing
basically foreign policy a panel
entitled frenemies frenemies get it
friends enemies which are we a panel
which was not about this kind of black
and white who's the good guy who's the
bad guy but rather you know who are we
to each other and how do we figure this
out and how do we communicate it was
actually a really interesting discussion
I thought and valuable I was invited to
be a part of that discussion and to be
there for this 10-year conference
because I like so many other dissidents
peace advocates anti-fracking advocates
black lives matter occupy wall street we
get heard regrettably on RT and very few
other stations because RT is open to a
variety of opinions including from the
far right and the far left and because
corporate media is not the arty ten-year
anniversary was like a who's who of the
peace community rocky Anderson Jesse
Ventura max Blumenthal Ray McGovern you
know the Civil Liberties advocate for
whistleblowers right
but it was a really wonderful conference
full of really compelling stuff and it
is all up on the web so and besides we
put out press releases about it we put
out emails to raise the money in order
to go there all of this is public record
all of this is public information yet
we have been smeared ever since the
Trump dossier which it has only recently
emerged was guess what a Democratic
Party position research we get smeared
they're not only smeared but falsely
accused libelous ly accused you could
say of being funded by Russians not
specifically just the Russian trip it
just says generically that my campaign
was sponsored by the Kremlin that's
sponsoring me and so this becomes then
the conventional wisdom that I'm being
sponsored by the Kremlin so they're you
know what what is it about this Trump
dossier it has absolutely you know it's
been discredited well this is one of
those things that told me from the
beginning that this was not a well
researched document because they were
saying things that were completely false
about my campaign about which there was
public record you didn't have to go
digging in order to find that I had
raised the money and I thanked my donors
during and after from emails press
releases and videos that were made in
real time as part of this trip so the
the meeting that at the conference that
you sat at a table with President
Vladimir Putin you don't speak Russian
they weren't even introduced to you you
paid for your trip there are lots of
other people there by the way I don't
know if people remember there was a
thing called the Russian reset where we
were actually working with Russia we
were their friends it isn't until most
recently when it became to an electoral
advantage to bring up the Red Scare
again that we're supposed to not be
friends with Russia again so and that's
what this is all about
and so people for I showed I've showed
on this show many times
Putin used to go fishing up at
Kennebunkport with the bushes they loved
him right and so get that get get George
Bush that he looked into his soul
remember that I remember that and he was
a good
so again this is all people who didn't
live through the first Red Scare like I
didn't I thought I'd never get a chance
to experience one again and so I feel
lucky that I get to actually feel what
it's like to live through an Orwellian
nightmare like this that's actually
happening where most of the people are
victims of propaganda people don't also
know that the CIA can now do propaganda
on us so uh so so you that meeting
that's all garbage when people do that
that is just guilt by association I have
a picture with Jill Stein with Putin oh
my god I have a picture of Hillary
Clinton Bill Clinton the Bush's
everybody with Putin so it that that's
just garbage and then when you ask
people so now you're being put on the
defensive where you have to now somehow
defend Donald Trump again they're like
well don't you think Trump did this like
what the f does this have to do with you
it doesn't have anything to do with you
but they somehow you have your you're
made till you have to defend the crimes
of the Trump administration for some
reason why is that happening well you
know I mean there's an element of this
which is all about discrediting
independent political opposition and
guess what it's not only coming from the
Democrats it's also coming from the
Republicans the committee that is you
know in its wisdom and I say that's
artistically that has decided to
investigate me as led by Republicans
so there's benefit here all around as
Glenn Greenwald said the Democrats get
to validate their you know their Russian
hysteria and the the Republicans get to
show that they investigated somebody
besides Donald Trump word has it that
they're about to investigate Hillary
Clinton as well you know so it's it's a
you know it's a complex mix as politics
always is but let me say I'm trying to
be an adult in the room here in a room
full of you know shady characters and
ulterior motives and sensationalism and
a politicized investigation and abysmal
journalistic standards for covering this
basically deliver a bombshell of wow you
know we just blew this up about Donald
Trump he's clearly gonna be hung around
this factoid and then the factoid melts
down over the
course in the next couple of days and no
apologies are issued no retractions are
issued you know it's just but let me
also say trying to be the adult in the
room here that that Americans like you
and me and everybody else out there has
enormous anxiety anguish despair about
our political system which has lost our
confidence and our trust according to a
poll done last spring even before the
election an AP narc Paul said that 90%
of Americans state that they have lost
confidence in our political system so
you know and if I can add
parenthetically Gallup has tracked
confidence in our political system in
the executive judiciary media Congress
etc over decades and guess what it
tracks with people have confidence in
the political system when they feel like
it's about them when they feel like that
the driving force is the few powerful
special interests the big corporations
they you know the fossil fuel companies
in the banks and in the war industry
when they feel like it's being run on
behalf of the powerful few then people
lose confidence in government which says
to me and should say to all of us that
we don't solve this by digging in here
as to you know Democrats and Republicans
because it's a bipartisan brawl they're
gonna get to the bottom of it and solve
it at the same time I support inquiring
about money laundering about quid pro
quo deals about um you know violations
of campaign finance laws etc let's do it
but let's do it in in in a real way and
it's not just interference by one
particular foreign power I would say
interference by less moon base and CBS
that said Trump may be horrible for
America but he sure is good for us and
then they poor Bay and other big
corporate media poor four billion
dollars
into Trump twice as much as they did for
Clinton which was twice as much as they
did for Sanders which was about a
thousand times as much at least as they
did for us
I'd say that's interference you know I'd
say striking a thousand well hundreds of
thousands of people off the voter roll
that is interference that voter ID laws
that keep millions of people from voting
that is interference what we really need
here and which I will soon be calling
for in a formal way is a true Commission
on election integrity probably a
People's Commission on election
integrity that will actually address
these many ways in which real democratic
elections have been interfered with
because to single out one doesn't solve
the problem and it sort of enables the
you know the disappearance of all the
other aspects in which elections are
interfered with so this is a valid issue
I'm supporting the investigation
I need daylight shown on my case and I'm
grateful to have the opportunity to
clear the record and clear the air on it
there is value in this but there's you
know it's a very mixed bag which has
been tainted by politicizing
sensationalizing and all the rest and
now scapegoating well it's just it's
just weird for me to see it happen in my
lifetime you know you you're an
environmentalist and you committed the
crime of Parana to participate in
democracy and apparently you're not
allowed to do that anymore and if you do
you're gonna be smeared hard from
everybody people who consider themselves
on the Left also smear you it's crazy
you
