- the big rap against the Democrats is
they never stand up for anything
especially their base the people who are
their biggest supporters the people who
always come out for them African
Americans Hispanics workers they they
don't stand up for that when push comes
to shove like Barack Obama famously said
he'll put on a comfortable shoe if they
come after the teachers in Wisconsin and
then he didn't and so we all this is
classic Democrats right they're chosen
as we've been taught they're chosen by
the donor class to be weak and to roll
over and to be spineless right so what's
happening right now is that they have to
have a short-term spending bill to keep
the government open and they're not
including money for daca well here we go
from the intercept Hispanic lawmakers
march on Senator Schumer's office but
Senate back spending bill without DREAM
Act anyway so the Democrats could have
stood up against this what they could
have done was say no you have to put the
funding in for the DREAM Act but they
didn't do it and they signed on to a
bill that screws over the dreamers the
Democrats just did that
that's what they just did here I'll give
you Congressional Hispanic Caucus
members marched across the Capitol to
Chuck Schumer's office demanding
meetings with the Senate Minority Leader
the lawmakers wanted Schumer to rally
his caucus to vote against the
short-term spending bill because it
didn't include a promise legislative fix
for daca recipients there are 48 members
of the Democratic caucus and it's and
just 41 of those members were needed to
block the measure so you didn't even
need all 48 is needed forty-one
Democrats they couldn't even get that
they couldn't even get a majority of the
Democrats and I mean 41 Democrats in the
Senate to stand up in that amazing but
on Thursday evening that they fell nine
people short with the bill advancing 66
to 32 a full 17 Democrats voted for the
spending bill including Tim I speak
Spanish cane oh god damn here's all of
them here's there's a list of all of
them on the house and the Senate Tim
Kaine Mark Warner Patrick Leahy from
Vermont voted for it of course Joe
Manchin Chris Coons from Delaware by the
way I'm
on another video I said that pat toomey
was a Democrat I was a mistake he's not
he is a Republican John tester Heidi
Heitkamp Maggie
god damnit look at this so there's your
resistance
there's your resistance they're fighting
like hell except they're not and this is
why people didn't come out to vote for
Democrats this is what they get they
just came out in Alabama to vote in a
Democrat a senator and this is what they
got hey it doesn't believe me it doesn't
matter it really were not gonna fight
we're not gonna fight so here's what the
Democrats could have did something and
they didn't they could have showed to
the whole world that they were fighting
for daca they could have made a victory
here a political victory and they just
they know they don't want to win they
don't want to win and it's it's the left
is more fractured now than ever and this
is what you honest-to-god this is what
you have left that these are the
Democrats you have left this is what you
have left people who vote for freaking
bloated military budgets and won't even
stand up for the most vulnerable amongst
us well you know I you know we were just
talking about Doug Jones and how I was
like I thought this was seems to be a
person of integrity and he immediately
turned around less than a week after he
was elected to office and shared that he
was gonna go ahead and vote with the
Republicans yeah fantastic and here's a
prime example of all of these Democrats
it's it's pretty depressing yeah I mean
and they could have stood up on a number
of levels because you know they're big
our bubble we didn't want to have a
government shutdown yeah so you know who
gets blamed for that those in power
right so you guys could have stood up
and you could have been like look it's
right before the holiday we don't want a
government shutdown either but we're not
gonna do this without daca and and you
know other provisions in here so you got
to come to the table they had the
leverage and they just didn't care and
no shame especially on Tim Kaine you
know when I when I voted in 2016 I had
to travel to vote because I was I was
touring colleges so I wasn't gonna be in
town on election day so I had to drive
outside of City Limits to go vote early
and there was a big line of people going
to vote early too because they had to
and there was this gentleman this
Hispanic guy and he was pleading with
everybody in line and there were like
tears in his eyes to vote for Tim Kaine
and Hillary Clinton and I felt so bad
for that guy for a number of reasons and
and I feel so bad that he thought that
Tim Kaine had his back that he thought
that Tim Kaine was looking out for their
community because Tim Kaine has no
principles his principles are up for
sale to the highest bidder and if he
runs in 2020 he is guaranteeing us eight
years of Trump please don't run Tim
Kaine well you saw how you know you saw
the consequences of when the Republicans
would shut down our government you saw
the long-term consequences of that oh
yeah we got Donald Trump for height so
that the Republicans shut down the
government when brocco bomb over
 by the way over wanting to
wrecked the economy Barack Obama says
I'm not gonna let you wreck the economy
and so we're we're gonna shut the
government down Barack Obama won net it
right the berbil toe so what happens is
oh you're gonna make that the
Republicans they shut the government
down Republicans got blamed for doing
that and we still got a Republican
majority in the Senate the house and the
White House isn't that weird
maybe the Democrats should stand up for
stuff once in a while would that be
amazing if the Democrats did up for
something wouldn't that be amazing it
would be because it's never happening
never that's not oh yeah if a shutdown
would have happened like right before
the holiday of course the blame would
have went against whatever is in the
White House course this was a huge
political opportunity for the Democrats
and they just know they're corporate
donors did not want the government
shutdown mm-hmm they it'll cost them
money so don't do it that's exactly what
happened their corporate donors said
don't do this and the dharmic Democrats
said we won't do it okay well we'll
let the doc of people get screwed screw
it because my daughter said do it why
else would they be doing this rod yeah I
mean yeah there's no other reason then
they have every reason politically right
this is a political winner political
winner also morally they have every
reason to a friend and they just they
don't care they don't care they do not
care okay uh it's that's a bad time it's
a dead bad time for the left I don't I
don't really I really have very little
hope of electoral politics fixing
anything 2018 is gonna be a mixed bag
result people still hate both
establishment parties and this is why
you give them nothing to be for nothing
to be for and this is why uh who have no
idea how the left's gonna come together
I don't I don't I don't I don't know how
it's gonna happen but they're easily
divided put it that way
they let the stupidest things divide
them and I'm not talking corporate
Democrats I'm talking progressives
corporate Democrats what we gotta get
rid of there's more progressives and
there are corporate Democrats at least
voting it's sad I have a headache yeah
well in the meantime this is the
resistance this is you're resisting here
this is no resistance this is your
resistance this is your resistance this
is yes is this again
again over get rid of Trump everything
will be great I don't know what's right
this is a you know uh I like history I
was not a history major but at some
point the French Revolution happened at
some point it happens so when people
have nothing to lose when people are
working two and three jobs and they
can't even afford to see a doctor when
they get sick and they know the system's
rigged and they see billionaires all
over the place and they see they see
this
they see their elected leaders not doing
a damn thing for them well you tell me I
don't know I mean revolutions happen so
honest ah maybe maybe you need to get
75% of the people poorer low income
maybe maybe 75% of the people need to be
not able to afford $1,000 emergency
maybe that's one you have a revolution
right now it's 63% of Americans can't
afford $1,000 emergency I think at this
point of revolution is completely
inevitable it's a matter of the
magnitude of it and will it be a
revolution in the form of we're gonna
have the opposite of Reagan and take a
sharp turn or you know will it be
something I don't know bright eye but
people need to get in the streets cuz
electoral politics isn't doing it and
it's moving way too slowly and let's
remember that elect elected politicians
always piggyback on social movements you
know was martin luther king who pushed
at LBJ it wasn't LBJ pushing right right
he went along so it's social you know it
wasn't it wasn't nixon pushing for the
epa no I was environmental it was
environmentalist and it's when the
movement gets big enough that they can't
trivialize and ignore you anymore
right and we're getting to that point I
mean I one could argue we're already
there right the problem is that there's
a lot of upside go ahead I would just
say and also the police department is
ready to meet you you know there as a
terrorist so they couldn't look at any
kind of protester and they're gonna
they're prepared to brutalize them you
know and you don't like when you're
saying like I think there's are going to
be a revolution I'm like oh my god what
are you willing to risk what am I
willing to risk to go to the streets and
speak on behalf of the voiceless and I
think that's something that we're trying
to do here at the Jimmy Dore show but
like when you you know like I think I'm
like a revolution I'm like these people
are working three jobs they're the
working poor somebody's gonna have to
care for their kids Democrats won't lift
a finger to help anyone they won't lift
a finger to help people and that they'll
still sit there you know they'll sit
there and and and say and and talk to a
guy who's cutting health care for the
poorest people in a country
and they'll say well you're a gentleman
and I appreciate your hard work thank
you I'm sorry I don't mean to be rude
but I don't like that you're doing this
to the poor people but I don't want to
be rude that's how they talk to each
other in the Senate next time I'm gonna
say cut it out
yeah Oh cut it out Wow they're not good
news for the left this this couldn't be
this is way worse than people think
cuz this shows you that the donors have
a stranglehold on them again they won't
stand up they're supposed to stand
Trump's a racist against Hispanics this
is a slam dunk for you to stand up for
these people there's a slam dunk yes
especially with the holiday right now
with the holidays yeah you can put Trump
is the racist he's true and he's
screwing now he's screwing over the
government he's screwing over you and
the economy over because their hate they
hate Hispanics and you know there you go
well let's let's not be surprised that
this Maddox maybe maybe they don't come
out for for the Democrats maybe half the
country stays home again yeah way to go
this is worse than people think
that's what I'm that's like I don't want
to make it makes you big of a deal out
of it but when I say it's worse it's
just goes to show you they've they've
Trump has changed them zero
Trump has changed the Democrat it
they've almost gotten worse because
they're talking about real issues less
now they're always all they're talking
about is Russia or how horrible Trump is
as a person so it's it's I'm gonna tell
you people are sick of both parties and
when we go into 2018 gonna get more
mixed results it should be a wipeout and
we could have a progressive government
for a decade at least and we'll get some
real done but watch but look how to
them because look how the Republicans
governed by the way they Jam through
their priorities they Jam them through
unpopular as they are they Jam through
that tax bill they got it done cuz they
know that their majority could go just
like that look what happened with Doug
Jones their majority they got to get it
to
now the Democrats didn't do that the
Democrats when they had that same madera
they had a bigger majority the Democrats
had a filibuster-proof majority we
didn't even get the public option they
didn't jam it through you know what they
jammed through they jammed through their
corporate donors priorities which was
the right-wing health care plan known as
the Affordable Care Act Obamacare so
when the Democrats do get control even
fill about date more than the
Republicans only have 51 majority right
now the Democrats had to fill about 60
two-thirds they had it and what do we
get we got right-wing policies anyway we
got Bush power to bush tax cuts
permanent we got the bank's made bigger
we got 5.1 million people thrown out of
their houses and Barack Obama didn't
help them we got Occupy Wall Street
cracked up cracked their heads we got
two wars to take into seven but we had
we didn't jam through any progressive
policies none Barack Obama admitted all
his policies are moderate Republican and
then again it's gonna it's that you can
wag your finger up or grab people like
me or Bernie Sanders supporters or Jill
Stein decorum very mentally they blame
everybody else for the election except
the goddamn Democrats except the fact
that there's a political party that
doesn't represent anybody it's
worse than people think I think that I
don't know am i overstating it did cuz
this just shows you that they're not
gonna stand up for anybody oh no I don't
think this depresses the frickin
Hispanic vote you don't think that does
that what do you think that does to the
frickin Hispanic vote oh absolutely and
cuz you know what Trump says despicable
things but you know what I was taught
actions speak louder than words and I'm
spot I'm talking to you Tim Kaine that's
right to you he'll say si se puede if he
thinks it'll get him a vote mm-hmm but
I'm when it comes time to stand for
something when it comes time to stand up
for si se puede III BA gotta go I'm a
piece of who cares about Hispanics
I got to get home for Christmas and I
don't want to upset my book donor base
and I don't know
want these people's respect I do not
want the respect of these people I do
not care about the Democratic Party's
respect I don't want their approval I
don't want to be in their club you can't
kick me out I don't want to be in that
Club I don't want to be in that club
with their consultants I don't want to
be in that club with their advisers I
don't want to be in that Club with the
newspaper people who like them
you already know how I feel about the
establishment media there and their
pukes the establishment media is pushing
a Red Scare right now the establishment
media smears progressives look what they
did the establishment media leads us
into war after war after war I don't
want to be in their club they should
those people should be walking through
the streets in shame still over the Iraq
war and now they're doing it again
pushing CIA I don't want to be
in any other clubs I want to remain an
outsider why would you want to be in
this club the approval of these cretins
if you see I don't know if you saw what
Jake Tapper did today Jake Tapper you
know the a hundred in some countries
stood up against Trump moving the
capital to Jerusalem Jake Tapper did a
CIA piece today where he said hey a lot
of those countries have shady pasts a
lot of those Club he did that as opposed
to the US he dilly literally did that
Jake Tapper did that he's one of the
better ones I don't want to be in a club
with Jake Tapper I don't want to be in
that Club I don't need his approval
those people are there so people are all
have less integrity than we do at this
YouTube show less less and you know why
I get to have integrity cuz nobody's
paying me thirty thousand dollars a day
to do this and when someone does I won't
have any I'll be just like them but
until then you can believe what I'm
saying and you can believe that these
people are bought and they don't stand
for anything that's disgusting it's
worse than you think
oh so it's just us now so please make
sure you're still subscribed because I'm
not kidding if you think you're
subscribed there's a good chance you're
not they unsubscribe people two and
three times so please make sure you're
still subscribed to this show and click
that Bell when you do so you get a
notification and when we drop videos
it's one of the way I'm telling you
they've rejiggered the algorithms so now
it's suppresses shows like this in favor
of mainstream news media that's what's
happening so you see MSNBC clips or you
see you know mainstream news media clips
getting all these hundreds of thousands
of hits sometimes even milli never did
that before no one ever went to YouTube
and saw of MSNBC they never it took
YouTube to remake a new algorithm that
screws places like us in favor of places
like that so that's what's happening
they don't want this kind they don't
want independent news it's too messy for
them it's easier to advertise on the
make they want to push you towards you
to the whole thing so what's really
happening so please make sure you're
subscribed and please make sure you can
support the show if you can if you
believe in this kind of a show please
become a patron through our patreon or
you go through PayPal people like to do
that we give you hours of extra content
every week so thanks for your support
[Music]
