everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
we have special guests from the empire
files it's Abby Martin is here hi Abby
hey yeh Seok thanks for being here today
we're gonna be talking about the
election that happened Tuesday so in
Virginia Democrats unseat GOP and a slew
of Virginia delegate races Rome will
become the first transgender House
member so it was a big win for the
left-right Democrat surged a victory in
more than a dozen Virginia House of
Delegates races Tuesday unseating
several longtime Republican incumbents
and coming within striking distance
are we taking control of the house for
the first time in 17 years that's so
weird almost no one expected Democrats
to do as well as they did in Virginia
House of Delegates Democrats targeted
the 17 GOP held districts where
Democratic presidential rival Hillary
Clinton defeated down at Donald Trump
winning all the seats which swing
control of the chamber but few thought
it was possible
Republicans have controlled the State
House of Delegates for nearly two
decades and held a 66 at 34 majority
could they flip it facing what looked to
pundits like an insurmountable 32 seat
gap Democrats are on the brink of taking
back the Virginia House of Delegates a
result that now comes down to recounts
now do you do you do you think that
would happen with a Democrat in the
White House hey Russia did this
thank you Putin thank you so much so
yeah good so this is the Democrats this
is a lot of people said their votes were
anti-trump two-to-one said they were
voting against Trump
what's the to me this just goes to show
you what a bad candidate Hillary Clinton
won oh my god and so what there's a
little bit more to this article Northern
Virginia Democratic stronghold turned
only bluer voters outside a polling
location in Fairfax which supported
Clinton by a two-to-one margin in 2016
cited health care education and Trump as
top issues that drove them to the polls
Tuesday so now if you notice the first
two things are
not social issues so what EDSP did was I
think in my mistake a lot of the
Republicans did they didn't run on an
economic issue they ran on social issues
like football kneeling Confederate
statues rights transgenders going to the
bathroom and they didn't offer anybody
an economic platform and they got killed
so I to me that's that's the mistake
that the Democrats made in 2016 is they
tried to do it all about Trump is mean
to women and he's a misogynist and we
can't let our women our little girls
hear him talk like that and they lost
yeah no of course yeah this is amazing
how many like more radical left
candidates got elected other than just
kind of interest so there was some so
there was a lot of in fact we're gonna
get to that one more thing let's say
this Gillespie had mimicked Trump's
tactics attacking Northam over sanctuary
cities while saying he would not remove
Confederate Civil War monuments a
Gillespie mailer also referenced a
controversial controversy over the
protests by NFL players you would never
take a knee so don't take us so take a
stand on Election Day learn mail so
that's what I was talking about that
does that's not win that's not where
people are hurting people half the
country you know you take the richest
country in the world and half of it is
now poor or low-income they don't give a
crap about that stuff when they're
voting not enough of them anyway so
here's the race I really wanted to talk
to you about so there was a transgender
woman who won the transgender woman who
unseated one of Virginia's
longest-serving and most socially
conservative lawmakers for a spot in
history is a former journalist with a
reputation for producing hard-hitting
but fair stories it's Danica Rome she's
also known for her unwavering almost
obsessive focus I'm fixing a congested
critical commuter Road in her Northern
Virginia district she also sings in a
metal band so it doesn't hurt that she's
also attractive right so that's I don't
see that that I don't think you'll be
able to pick her out of a transgender
lineup you know what I mean yeah that's
very dope so let's see what else they
say Rome is a Democrat she defeated
Republican delegate Bob Marshall he's a
culture warrior whose commitment to the
cause often led to clashes within his
own party's leadership Rome will become
the only out transgendered state
legislature
in the united states and the first to
both get elected and take office openly
according to the victory fund a
political action committee that works to
get openly LGBTQ people elected now Ron
can you tell me that wasn't the person
wasn't Bob Marshall also like the whip
in the Statehouse to do anything about
that I heard like he was like they're
number two or three guy and I could be
wrong about that but here and we also
there was a socialist
so here's that's the Socialists who won
and his name is Lee Carter right isn't
that his name in Virginia Democratic
Socialist of America backed Lee Carter
defeated the GOP whip though this is
that I'm sorry that's where I got
confused this is the he defeated the GOP
whip Jackson Miller in the House of
Delegates Richmond times-dispatch
reporter Patrick Wilson noted that the
state Democratic Party offered little to
no support for Carter
he won anyway so isn't that nice to note
isn't that nice to know I think there
was a big pipeline happening and the
Democratic Party is on board with it and
then he's bucking that so that's why
they didn't help him out so he's to the
left so that's nice to hear he's pretty
far left is about as far left as you
could get so is our transgendered friend
numerous wings of the broader party
united behind Carter including factions
such as Planned Parenthood who had
backed Hillary Clinton last year oh look
at that so isn't that nice to see they
went from Hillary Clinton to a socialist
and here's what Lee Fang said he said
pretty interesting unity Democratic
Party of Virginia Planned Parenthood
unions indivisible and small donors
powered socialists Lee Carter's win in
Virginia so the party abandon him but
not the activists right so I say we got
to forget that snooze right what do you
think of that news is that all good news
it's huge I don't know how people are
differentiating between like which
Democrats are which because that would
be the hardest part is just seeing a
line of Democrats and knowing which one
is the radical voice if you haven't been
following Lee but it's incredible and
hugely optimistic and the transgender
woman is amazing too because she would
defeated some crazy bigot who was going
to push the bill to to a prevent
transgender people in bathrooms so that
to me like thank you yeah it's really
empowering
turns out people can care more about
clearing up a congested road that was
good for her but how crazy is it I
wanted to say something really quick how
crazy is it that we can get an Amber
Alert for a truck that kidnapped a child
in another state and we can't get an
alert for voters when the right election
yeah because they don't want you voting
as they say of voting change stuff they
wouldn't let you do it just look at
Spain people tried to vote it would have
made a big difference
they wouldn't beat the out of them
right I don't know who saw the videos
I'm sure you did
so here's another great win it this
guy's super progressive his completely
unelectable progressive Larry crasner
wins the DA's race in Philadelphia he
beat a Republican named Beth Grossman by
more than 40 percentage points now the
Democrat usually wins there that's not
the big steal but it's what kind of a
Democrat he is and the other Democrats
he had to beat to get that primary
nomination his name is uh well his name
is crasner but charles ellison wrote in
October that krasner quote may end up
throwing this away meaning this election
GOP voters were feeling more optimistic
than usual - and why wouldn't they the
city police union with the Philadelphia
Inquirer both of which often backed
Democrats endorsed Grossman the
Republicans he got the police union in
the paper cuz that guys are progressive
they can't get behind a progressive
they'd rather win win with the
Republican then win with a progressive
that's the fat were lose to a Republican
then when with the progressive and there
it is right there I'm surprised to say
it said ninety-year-old Northeast Philly
resident William Britt smiling after he
cast a vote this morning but I think she
has a chance meeting the the Republican
so that was the that's what they're
saying oh it's kind of this progressive
might lose so Krasner's victory he
didn't lose he won Krasner's victory
indicates that progressives are growing
more powerful in a city that has
typically been more mainstream in
Philadelphia's 2016 primary Hillary
Clinton defeated Bernie Sanders by
double digits think about that and then
this guy who's super progressive and how
progressive is II well
that's quite different for what happened
today and in this year's primary krasna
rose to the top of a crowded field of
democrats with the most left-wing
platform in the race
how left-wing was he well the Atlantic
wrote that crasner wouldn't be the first
reform minded prosecutor to take office
a term used to describe the growing
cohort of district and state attorneys
vowing to overhaul cash bail abolish the
death penalty and crackdown on police
corruption but he would be the first
progressive in this pool a distinction
that takes on extra weight at a time
when the Justice Department is moving
right so that's that's from Philly mag
calm and most of his opponents including
Grossman were longtime prosecutor's
krasner himself get this he's never
worked for the DA's office a day in his
life he's a civil rights and defense
attorney who has represented black lives
matter and Occupy Philly who is also
sued the police department in City Hall
more than 75 times and promise never to
seek the death penalty or bring cases
based on illegal searches crasner once
joked that he'd spent a career becoming
completely unelectable so that's good
news right oh that's amazing I mean it's
just like the Bernie Sanders syndrome
how many how many times do establishment
Democrats and Republicans say you're
unelectable these policies are not
popular here well look at the polls of
course this is popular people love this
this is amazing I would have voted for
this guy this is so so incredible and
and it shows also to me that people see
through the establishment institutions
like the police union newspaper and they
see what stay updated and so that to me
that tells me the police union hell
doesn't have any influence anymore and
politics and Philly because this guy's
super lefty sues the police department
75 times and he wins overwhelmingly
right so that's good people are starting
to see through the establishment
institutions that they're corrupt and so
what's happening is that they start
screaming Russia right so to be that's
what's up I got people are seeing
through our right now Russia
Russia Russia so now that a lot of
Democrats who are progressives one are
we gonna so Russia's no longer fomenting
discontent and discord I mean so now
that it's kind of flipped I mean are
we gonna see that narrative now or what
are we gonna see the joy reads and
Rachel Maddow's try to deflect this yeah
why are these people are way more
progressive than them
why didn't why didn't Russia interfere
in this election right they're just
letting it happen Russia's gonna take it
Russia's gonna let this happen come on
Putin come on man well you know one
thing that really killed me was the
absence of discussion on the non votes
like everyone wants to blame Jill Stein
until they're blue in the face what
about the people who didn't who showed
up to vote and I'm not even talking
about the 50% of Americans who were
eligible and didn't vote the people who
actually showed up to the polls voted
for everything and left president blank
yeah that amount of people actually
almost doubled Jill Stein across the
entire country no kidding I didn't know
that oh really talk about that they why
because that's then it hurts their
narrative of the Russia's screwed over
the election right and that Justine
stole it I knew it was somebody with no
money and no power I was sure of it I
thought it was certainly Susan Sarandon
at first you know what we say if the
Democrats blame Susan Sarandon for Trump
winning they're also wiped out at the
state level they lost a thousand seats
right in the governorship
who do they blame for that Molly
Ringwald yeah it's just amazing to see
how horrible the Democrats are winning
elections and how good they are it's
pointing a finger at people so well once
President baked Alaska's and the
Democrats will be lauding Trump as a
distinguished you know how much they
miss him and how presidential he was
[Music]
your father is my favorite political
Governor 21st century okay all right
well that's the that's what our big it
turns out that if the two the more to
the left you were the people seem to be
choosing I saw my friend Kyle kolinsky
make this point and so I'll repeat it
that it seems that the people voted for
the farthest left candidate there was it
possible and most most of the races
right now again this wasn't Wisconsin
right or Michigan where it's where Trump
beat Hillary Clinton is in for this
happened in four
in Pennsylvania and you know Trump
actually lost in Virginia so Hillary
Clinton did carry Virginia to begin with
Virginia always had a democratic
Governor Terry McAuliffe already had one
so now they got another one and people
are saying see the Democrat well they
were already winning in Virginia but
we'll see that guy you know who who's
the new governor he is he voted for
George Bush twice just so it's damn it
so I think the establishment will take
all the wrong lessons from this which is
that being they're gonna say to
themselves all we have to do is not be
Trump right again which was their 2016
strategy and because I already saw
people saying this is how it's supposed
to work in 2016 well it kind of did work
that way except in the Rust Belt right
so um I don't know what the hell I was
gonna say nectar pnes out you need
policies that people care about turns
out yeah policies don't don't hurt right
if you actually run on policy what do
you what do you think about the
democrats that people say oh they're
running identity politics what do you
think make of that well they are and the
worst way possible identity politics are
a very real thing but they've been
hijacked by the establishment too
they've hijacked all the revolutionary
rhetoric and and packaged it for more
like corporate isms so I think that that
is completely offensive but look at
Trump I mean he won on white identity
politics anyway it was kind of a
backlash to that that whole mantra that
the Democrats did but no it's disgusting
the whole look at the other guy as if
that is the only thing that you need I
thought it was an onion article until I
realized it wasn't so that's their
strategy that's why Trump is going to
win again because they think that they
could just call anyone a misogynist and
you know a woman hater and ageist if
you're criticizing Feinstein's sixtieth
term I mean it's just unbelievable that
this is where we're at so I would tell
people you know if you call Bernie
Sanders too sexist and you call Trump a
sexist now you've rendered that term
meaningless right right and then donna
Brazile is a sexist too apparently
oh she certainly is a stirrer and she's
undermining women of color right yeah
yes happy Martin thanks so much for
being our guest I appreciate you coming
in thanks a lot I watch Jimmy
[Music]
