hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
i'm here with our je s cow is here from
the zero hour how are you doing Richard
I'm doing great ma'am
everybody check out the zero hour where
can they find it patreon.com slash
the zero hour fantastic we're gonna take
a little we're taking a look at
immigration on today's show and tucker
carlson did a nice segment and by nice I
mean bizarre so let's just start it
let's let's just start it he's talking
about growing extremism on the Left Wow
signs of growing extremism in this
country on the left are everywhere just
yesterday a Congolese immigrant shut
down the Statue of Liberty our Statue of
Liberty to protest I just first buy I
don't I I don't get a nitpick our Statue
of Liberty you know the one we built and
paid for oh I'm sorry that was a gift
from France
our Statue of Liberty you're the one
that's supposed to be here for
immigrants it wasn't supposed to be a
beacon to call to harbor and call all
the immigrants to our country give me
your poor tired your huddled masses
yearning to be free this is a whole
country made of immigrants I mean that's
that symbol of immigrants that's ours
and not the immigrants and you
left out with the poem that was written
by the Jewish socialists oh that's right
I'm a loser Asst oh okay well I don't
you say it like I should know it yeah
come on man I know Ezra's Jew a
socialist go girl
the your you think you're talking to
someone who's not dumb sorry I didn't
mean to sound that is you're descending
or not at all to shame a hear so high
decide what a are are it's funny than
what he that's not it again while signs
of growing extremism in this country on
the Left are everywhere just yesterday a
Congolese immigrant shut down the Statue
of Liberty our Statue of Liberty to
protest the Trump administration's
immigration policies Statue of Liberty
symbol for immigrants it's a symbol of
welcoming immigrants that would be the
perfect place to make a protest about
immigration wouldn't it would that make
sense but it's Tucker statue
that's our statue
mommy you touch my statue okay there's
there's a lot more to my statue there's
a lot more to this let's get ready the
left applauded that but take three steps
back and think about what you're
watching right here
three steps not two not one step one
step you'll probably go I stood looks
like a make sense to Stefan it looks
like it makes it three steps what the
 is going on okay here we go take
three we're gonna take three steps and
this is what you'll see if you take
three steps Kongo is a war-ravaged
hellscape a country noted for mass rape
and cannibalism
imagine a so nice and so if you're from
there you should never say
anything ever about anything or
injustice anywhere else in the world
because you come from the Congo you
better come here and shut your
mouth
don't touch the statue and don't touch
this dude that's my statue you think
that that's pretty is what he's saying
watch country like that and being
welcomed in our country the United
States you'd be grateful wouldn't you
many Congolese are grateful this person
is not grateful at all she took over so
if you are so if you come too if you're
an immigrant to the United States and
you engage in protests to help make that
country better
you are not grateful for our country
well sir I would have to disagree with
Tucker Carlson because George Washington
came to this country was he born here I
don't know I don't think he could become
a British soldier if he was born here
right you gotta have come from Britain
no I think they I don't know that I
don't know any I think he was might but
there were many generations a bitter
several settlers here before the
Revolution yes so you might have been
born here it probably was ah boy that
joke would have been a lot better had I
researched he wasn't born here at all
he wasn't born you go ahead tell you Joe
but just if you the whole goddamn
country we're of the immigrants so
you're saying an immigrant can't come
here they should just shut their mouths
and they should never try to protest or
do it you know that's by the way
protesting that's also a great tradition
of him in a mirror
okay like it's weird that he's saying
these people don't like America when
he's actually not what and I want to
talk about Norway Oh George Washington
was born in Virginia Virginia yeah
colonial Virginia so that does record I
was trying to break it to easy but the
but Tom Paine wasn't born here came over
here from England and he stirred up all
kinds of and he's a hero except to
Tucker Carlson he should be grateful
that we let him and we let him write
that hellscape that was London and by
the way he was getting rickets
he'd never says notice how this
privileged pasty-faced smug white boy
with a TV show never says he should be
grateful for the system that allowed him
to get right oh you know he can be as
ungrateful as he wants to be ha ha ha
but this woman let her do a protest he's
all up in arms Tucker Carlson pretty
sure did not finish college good can you
look that up pretty sure he didn't have
finished college so I mean he should be
grateful right that we live in a country
where he worked really hard to pick out
the pile of soil he happened to have
been born on ha ha real hard for that
Tucker Carlson did so but uh and by the
way we've covered Tucker's work her
before and traced it with not not
kidding so he's he did good work on the
gas attacks in Douma and in Syria he did
a lot of told the truth about Syria I
don't know why they let him do that but
he did so when he tells the truth and he
does good work we let him know this is
funny to me to watch him do this so I'm
gonna play it here we go well if our
monuments scream about how racist oh
yeah he likes he likes that he likes to
harm our our Monument our thing here we
go just we are and progressives support
her they have gone insane on MSNBC New
York Times columnist progressives have
gone insane now Jimmy I do have to point
out here Tucker Carlson did go to
Trinity College Trinity yes he earned a
Bachelor of Arts but honestly it was our
Bachelors of Arts he did go to college
they did but you get the call thing to
is like as opposed to them right because
it's not just ours it's like them yes
that's nothing
it's it's daddy coming the other and
blaming problems on the other who are
ungrateful
so moving on here we go what happened to
Liberals well a lot of things one they
lost power and that drove them off the
deep end
they planned they did lose power it did
not drive them off the deep end because
they're still advocating for the same
moderate Republican ideals and policies
Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer Chuck Schumer
cheering on Trump's foreign policy as so
they don't want single-payer they don't
want free college I'm talking about the
Democratic leadership so they haven't
gone it hasn't made them go off the deep
end and in fact to be progressive so
he's confusing Democrats anyway
let's let's keep going their power back
no matter what it takes a new book by
Professor David Farris is called it's
time to fight dirty and it explains how
the Left plans to do it so he got some
book by some guy I never heard of I got
that I had that guy on my show he's good
yeah he was good this guy who is David
he's a political science professor and
the title just means you know what if
they're gonna Jack the Supreme Court for
example and add five more seats you know
yeah they're all sensible ideas oh he
has yes so well here's some of his ideas
here we go
here's the summary of the book from
Politico quote grant statehood to DC in
Puerto Rico and Break Calif first of all
I'm all for that
of course grant statehood to DC and in
Puerto Rico
that sounds great there's a simple
reason why they're not states now
because they're primarily brown and
black people they're yellow
so yeah of course so now the next thing
I'm not crazy about he says I mean into
seven with the goal of that so the break
California into seven different states
I'm not for that I wasn't for that
either and I told the guy that yeah and
he said well we can delete the we agree
with Tucker on that but the reason why
he wants to do that is this watch this
sixteen new Democrats to the Senate so
we would have sixteen more Democrats in
the Senate so the way the Senate I so in
theory that's not a bad theory because
the Senate gives way more power to rural
people right you way over-represented
California has the same amount of
senators as Montana
Montana doesn't have as many people in
the state as I do in my congressional
district and that's even counting all
the Mexicans that are coming in by guys
but what about but what about the people
people forget about this there are
states with two senators one Congress
person Montana is one of on Tanna
so you're over-represented in the Senate
so this guy's giving it so Tucker
doesn't tell you that oh by the way you
know the Senate is rigged towards rural
white people you know that right
you know that it's over representing
those conservative views that's why even
though most of the country so he doesn't
tell you that part he's just telling you
how this Dems are gonna fight dirty
expand the Supreme Court and the federal
courts packing them with liberal judges
uh the Supreme Court you can do that if
you want you can expand it it's not in
the Constitution expand it that's right
Congress right but you'd have to have
Congress do it right so you have to win
Congress for yeah there you go
so okay move to multi-member House
districts to roll back the effects of
partisan gerrymandering No uh I think
that's also kind of I don't know if I
totally understand what that is do you
understand what they meant completely
but I certainly agree we should roll
back the effects of gerrymandering which
way I now just moved to Maryland just
outside DC which is totally
gerrymandered by Democrats just so you
know yeah but but Republicans have
gerrymandered more either case you
shouldn't gerrymander right everybody
should have equal say and so what's
whatever's into the multi-member house
I don't know you know what he's doing I
think he's just throwing out a bunch of
ideas to get people to think they the
box and become aggressive right and I'm
for that
I may not before in fact I'm I don't I'm
not sure the California thing but I get
weird and saying yeah he's saying look
you know what you want to play the games
you've been playing for forty years yeah
how about this and as an attitude I'm
all for it okay all right what what okay
here we go pass a new Voting Rights Act
including nationwide automatic voter
registration I'm for that too yep for
that he's also like
good ideas these are things that
frighten right-wingers apparently
because Tucker saying them like they're
scary yeah
and that's called fighting dirty turrets
this is how Dems will fight dirty
they're gonna allow people to vote it's
 underhanded of them animals
really well they're also gonna treat
felons like humans keep going oh here
examine enfranchisement and an end to
voter ID laws
oh good I'd be so sucker that voter
enfranchisement bellow an inference on
felon and so right now felons after they
served their time and pay their debt to
society they're not allowed to vote ever
again which doesn't make any sense right
and that's not that so they should get
rid of that you've already paid your
debt to society you should be allowed to
be a productive member of society and
vote ok here we go
grant citizenship to millions of
undocumented immigrants creating a host
of new democratic leaning voters so
Ronald Reagan did that in the 80s by the
way granted citizenships and billions of
undocumented immigrants did he not do
that Richard I was alive when he did
that at something but yeah yeah he'd do
that
yeah why not I think it's the right
thing I'm with you
they're here contributing to our economy
they're you know again we have net we
have net zero immigration or meaning
that just as many people leave the
United States from Mexico has come to
the United States from Mexico so it's
net zero immigration I'd be off Ford if
their hair their product they're
productive here we go
as Ferris puts it in the book quote
Republicans have always feared that
immigration would change the character
of American society Democrats should
reward them with their very worst
nightmare so Republicans have always
feared that immigration would change the
character of American society and
Democrats should reward them with by
making immigration happen is bright
yeah yeah okay yeah but I would add that
Republicans didn't fear that immigration
would change society when their
ancestors were hate to this country it's
only after the hell is that started yeah
yeah just remember that paragraph it is
the blueprint for what we're about to
see they're gonna tell you it's about
civil rights or some other principle
they pretend to care about but they're
lying
it's about seizing power
and holding it that's their only aim
they're deadly serious about it while
you were grilling in the backyard last
night they were plotting in effect a
coup because we know that if there's one
thing liberals that defines the
personality of a liberal it's being
ruthless about seizing power and using
it for your own ends that has been the
Democratic and the liberal way for the
last 50 years
ruthless ruthless right now the
Republican you were cooking your hot
dogs the Republicans control every step
of government the state houses the state
legislators the governor ships they
control that Congress they control the
Senate they have the white house they
control OB watch out there's a cougar
nation you were singing the Oscar Mayer
wiener song around the barbecue they
were plotting I just and Democrats can't
right now Democrats are endorsing
 right-wingers up and wrote was
it wrote where is it Rhode Island it
Rhode Island right now that's how shitty
the Democrat you're really worried about
the Democrats getting their act together
taking over power believe me
that's not happy enough on July 4th
while you were cooking your hamburgers
several miles down there were a bunch of
Democrats with their veggie patties and
guacamole yeah not gonna happen
- by the way he left out the Keene horse
so there's uh there's Tucker Carlson
even though Republicans control every
level of government
you should still be scared you've never
never you can never not be scared but
you know it's not just that it's also
the fact that an immigrant yeah
protested and touched our statue
yeah that's right so it's what I mean
what so what that's got everything in it
right it hits guy you get scat it's
still even though everything's great
you guys have power you have the
presidency you have everything
Trump's building a wall we're separating
kids from their parents the babies from
their mother we're doing all of it huh
 watch out baby those dirty
Mexicans are coming and they're gonna
take your country away from you they're
gonna come here and work and yet you
know you're you afraid of go ahead
and and and the chyron he gave it
extremism on the left you know it's like
a right winger it's like it seems like
three times a year or a right-winger
goes out and shoots some you know police
officers or firefighters or people all
right why Christians like Christians but
you never hear extremism alright then
they can shoot all the people they want
it's not extremism but somebody touches
his status
oh and it's the end of the world well
you never know you have a Muslim ban
because Muslims are terrorists and they
might come here and shoot someone
although you know every mass shooting in
America is done by pretty much by a
white Christian nobody's wants to ban
people from Christian countries or
profile white Christians or by Christian
put informants and white churches you
know I mean we should look it's just
that's where the terror is yeah what
they're though so I mean there's the guy
in Florida he was a Muslim right
who could shut up that gay nightclub he
was a month wasn't he he was a Muslim
and and yes he was and he was also I
think his wife said he was sexually
confused yes okay yeah and but there
then there was another report by the way
I had this woman on my show there was
another report that came out that said
he didn't even know it was a gay
nightclub when he went in there really
and is so you know they arrested the
wife and they held I know for like 18
months yeah so it was a very confusing
story but I would say still the majority
of mass shootings in America white
Christians white Christian male oh
there's no doubt about their statistics
I and somehow they're always apprehended
alive - yeah it's not amazing yeah okay
well so there's there's Tucker Carlson
even though the Republican is the
Democrats who are sneak they're so
sneaky they've completely lost power at
every level of the government that's how
sneaky those Democrats are you watch and
their extreme on the Left they want to
let felons vote they want to give a path
to citizenship is there no limit to the
people they're willing to help no
kidding right they want to have
proportional representation in the
Senate they're extreme
thanks nice job Tucker we still like you
do you like him No
hey please make sure you subscribed even
if you think you are you probably are it
only takes a second to check and then
click that bell to make sure you get a
notice every time we drop a video they
won't they won't tell you every time
anyway but it's the only thing we can do
to fight back against the bastard so
please make sure you subscribe and click
that bell and our next live show is July
15th in Chicago and after that July 27th
in Burbank California special guests on
that show Abby Martin and if you could
become a patron that would be fantastic
we give you hours of bonus material
every week thanks for your support
[Music]
