hi everybody I'm here with Rob black
owned how are you hey Jimmy so you know
we've talked about briefly about how the
new censorship is the government tells
private corporations who the censor and
they do it right so Facebook is doing
that at the behest of the government
turning off people's Facebook pages and
things like that especially if you're a
Palestinian and you have something to
say about Israel they'll turn so and
we've also talked about the influence of
the CIA in our media the Church report
with Commission which was in the 70s the
late 70s and talked about how she had
infiltrated newsrooms and of newspapers
and magazines and it was unbelievable
right and so here we are again we showed
you before
MSNBC's intelligence reporter and CIA we
showed you that before mm-hmm this guy
he now works for MSNBC he was part of
that incorrectly reported story the last
latest incorrect Trump Russia collusion
reported story that they all got wrong
somehow the same way somehow they all
got it wrong the same way CBS NBC MSNBC
so there he is so we showed you that
that's so it's still happening today and
now guess what former CIA director John
Brennan is now the senior national
security and intelligence analyst for
NBC News and MSNBC welcomed possibly go
wrong so now they don't even need to get
a reporter anymore they just go ahead
and send the guy they just send the it
used to be like before word Trump with
the president the president would hire a
secretary of state secretary of state
would have a meeting with the head of
the oil companies then they go invade a
country at their behest now Trump just
appointed the head of the oil company as
Secretary of State that's exactly what
they're doing we're like well we used to
have the CIA would give money to one of
our reporters they'd come on
we just get the guy from the say and we
call it news and we call it news now
remember the reason why we went to the
Iraq war is because our news media lied
to us and they let us into the Iraq war
right especially Brian Williams at NBC
News what he did was he would bring on
generals retired generals and military
people and they were supposed to give us
a straight dope on what was happening in
Iraq
turns out all those people that were
supposed to be given us a straight dope
were actually being paid by defense
contractors to advocate for more war and
even specific types of weapons Brian
Williams never told us that so we got
lied to by NBC News about the war
the guy who did tell us that NBC News
was doing that when a Pulitzer Prize for
it in the New York Times Brian Williams
still never told you that told us that
even after that so that's what's wrong
and here we go again and if you want to
know who this guy is first of all the
guy he likes torture he defended it
there have been a lot of misses from him
there have been a lot of information
that has come out from these
interrogation procedures that the agency
has in fact use against the real
hardcore terrorists it has saved lives
that's John Brennan NBC News guy NBC
News guy advocating for the darkest
stuff you can as a human being war
crimes torturing defenseless people
that's what he advocate it saves lives
but we have no evidence that he
advocates torture for the softcore
terror not some idea a little it's just
the hardcore one hardcore the way he's a
moderate the ones who use double dildos
I guess when they're doing their
terrorism that's a hardcore terrorist
note right they didn't know money shot
here he is Harry is Harry as again
defending torture it's Brendan rejected
allegations by the Democrats on the
Senate Intelligence Committee that
so-called enhanced interrogation
techniques used on dozens of detainees
produce no actionable intelligence our
reviews indicate that the
attention and interrogation program
produced useful intelligence that helped
the United States thwart attack plans
capture terrorists and save lives there
he is again
hey torturer saves lives that's the key
in public with the Sudan in front of
cameras tortures good saves lives I got
no problems with it he's not the NBC
News guy that's who's a good date they
called that guy to tell you the truth
about what's happening right now in the
world that guy that's the guy the NBC
News that's the guy they're supposed to
be finding out exactly how hard he's
lying they're not supposed to pay him
money to come out and lie to you but
that's what they're doing and people say
Alex Jones is crazy
NBC News literally has the CIA
guy as their guide what you're supposed
to quote the CIA guy and then tell me
why he's lying you're not supposed to
bring a bond as a truth teller which is
what they're doing and I'm not saying
that he's not only a truth teller a liar
but he he spied on your government not
for your government he spied on your
government John Brennan spied on your
government that was investigating CIA's
criminality so they're all committing
war crimes our own Senate decides to
investigate them they spy on the Senate
illegally
you think I'm kidding and then and then
they deny it
here's John Brennan denying it as far as
the allegations of you know CIA having
to you know Senate computers nothing
could be further proof we wouldn't do
that I mean that's that's that's just
beyond the you know the scope of these
that's beyond the scope of reason that's
beyond the school you're crazy person if
you think that we would density that's
be odd they would never I mean except
for oh that's again in front of cameras
a lot of defending torture lying that it
works the only defending it but lying
that it works and then lying that you're
stop spying on our government that's a
basic right yeah well here's the best
part now he can just substitute the word
we for they and he's got his first news
report yeah oh they never do that more
at 11 here's Trevor Tim he says hey
remember when NBC News analyst John
Brennan blatantly lied to NBC's Andrea
Mitchell about using the CIA to spy on
democratic staffers investigating
torture yeah I remember I just showed
you the video right here and there is
and there's someone else who remembers
isn't that nice
I'm glad Trevor Tim remembers because
apparently nobody at NBC Danube
remembers it's been awesome this is
their truth teller the guy who not only
he's a professional liar he's a
professional liar and criminal by the
way the Guardian says John Brennan
defends drone attacks as he prepares the
guys for drone attacks he's for torture
he's for spying on our own government
Glenn Greenwald said he also spotted
this is from an article when he was
being nominated for the CIA postal
second time the first time he was too
toxic because he had worked in the post
White House and overseen all the torture
and this time the next the next time it
was okay Barack Obama had completely
rehabilitated all the Iraq war criminals
and he became CIA head and so this is
what Glenn rent wrote back then he said
he also spouted a complete though highly
influential falsehoods to the world in
the immediate aftermath of the Osama bin
Laden killing including claiming that
bin Laden's engaged in a firefight
didn't happen he lied about that
and with the Navy SEALs and he had used
his wife as a human shield that also
didn't happen so if you want what didn't
happen if you want to get your news
report wrong and shaded in the CIA got
lies John Brennan's your guy
Brennan last year caught outright lying
when he claimed Obama's drone program
caused no civilian deaths in Pakistan
over the prior year so they've been
proven he knew of course there the
course that killed civilians and Brennan
has also been in charge of many of
Obama's most controversial and radical
policies including signature strikes and
Yemen targeting people without even
knowing who they are and generally
seizing the power to determine who will
be marked for execution without any due
process oversight or transparency so
that's a Brennan was in charge of doing
that so he's a really nice guy he's a
really nice guy he's a killer killing
people doesn't even know they are
targeting them lying about it
lies about killing civilians to the
public and to the press lies about
spying on our own government spied on
our own government that sounds like
stuff Russia would do except it's okay
for that guy to do and now he's gonna
tell you that Russia is spying on our
government although he's the one who did
it in that wild oh by way here's eyes I
guess I might have buried the lead I
don't know if you know this yeah in 1976
when he voted for in present for the
president he voted for the Communists he
voted for the Communist Party in 1976
I'm not kidding and then in 1980 is when
he went and took his lie detector test
so he come and go into the intelligence
community and he was asked about about
it and that amazing and he still passed
they still out here's your security
clearance you just voted for a copy
that's no big deal now all you have to
do is look the wrong way to rush it and
you're I ate some pot ate pasta
Puttanesca oh my god
all you have to do is say hey up maybe
we shouldn't start a World War three
you're a Putin puppet no I just said we
shouldn't start with Putin puppet not a
Patriots not a patriot this guy
literally voted for a communist in 1976
he's done a full 180 man he started as a
communist sympathizer and now he's just
an author of war porn fan fiction you
know I talk about what I would love to
see how hard chris hayes wagged his
finger at him for not voting for one of
the two main parties right that guy he
not only did he not vote for Jill Stein
this guy voted for a Communist Party woo
how big of them of a finger wagging
would he get from Chris Hayes today huh
you'd have to look him in the eyes for a
while yeah could you look me in the eyes
and tell me you voted for a communist so
that's who he is oh by the way so he
voted for the Communists in 1976 but now
apparent but when there ever was an
actual Cold War now there's another one
started by guys like this it's in that
ironic
he's on both sides of it so he spies on
our government votes for communists and
now he gets to say someone else's by
spying on our government and it's a
communist isn't that weird you think he
would be disqualified
I would hate might he's disqualified in
my opinion but that's the exactly the
kind of scummy dudes they like in the
intelligence community and it's exactly
the kind of scummy dudes they like in
the establishment press NBC's paying
that guy to tell you the truth about
something which is not gonna he's gonna
lie to you
and so here gets get this tuck up and
talk about how well relyon this is here
he's gonna let you know that even if you
don't know you're a trees you're
committing treason you probably already
are but I have studied Russian
intelligence activities over the years
and have seen it again manifest in many
different of our Karen Souza's cases and
and how they have been able to get
people including inside of CIA to become
treasonous and frequently individuals
who go along a treasonous path do not
even realize they're along that path
until it gets to be a bit too late
and that's why I'm starting the ministry
of thought police right yeah right
that's what that sounds like that's what
that sounds like you don't even know
you're committing treason come with me
what we have this machine it'll fix you
yes we figured out you didn't even know
it but you're working against our
government what you'd even know but
apparently this guy gets to spy on her
own government and vote for a communist
party but somehow he's not considered a
Putin puppet or a Russian bot or
anything know that wild yeah it's okay
now in fact he gets to tell you who's
who's the enemy of arc he's the enemy
he spotted our own goddamn government
that was investigating him and again if
you're no one ever has to pay a price at
the top of government right nobody know
the war cry murmurs nobody who got us
sent to the Iraq war lied us into the
Iraq war into an illegal war killed
hundreds if not millions hundreds of
thousands of millions of people
this guy expires on her own Senate
Intelligence Committee that's
investigating him nothing happens he
lies about it publicly then omz just
apologize okay David Petraeus David
Petraeus he's reveals top-level secrets
nothing happens to him
but if you're a low-level soldier and
you take a picture outside of a nuclear
submarine you're gonna be in prison and
that's a fact that happened you take a
selfie at a nuclear submarine you're
going to prison but if you're the
general is that you could give all our
you could give classified information to
a reporter because you're banging her
which is what Petraeus did and there you
go you don't even know you're committing
treason these are the people who 10 BC
was on their news team Glenn Greenwald
says is it a little strange to
constantly rail about state TV when it
comes to RT and Fox and then hire CIA
directors and generals as your news
analysts yeah gets a little strange also
remember this anyone who likes to rail
about state TV should I don't know what
that is I didn't see that link
he also says just what NBC and MSNBC
were lacking the CIA's view that's what
I was saying I was thinking they're just
being resourceful here instead of you
know getting a press release and then
copy I'm pasting it into a template well
now they skip that middle step yeah got
the guy he can just write it himself
what's the point of having Ken the dilly
an NBC oh that's the guy we just showed
you what's the point of having him to
serve as a vessel for CIA messaging when
you just get it directly from the
horse's mouth under the guise of news
cuz that's what this is this is CIA
talking points and they're calling it
news just like when Brian Williams used
to bring our defense contractor paid
generals advocating for more war because
they're being paid to and he doesn't
tell you so NBC has a track record of
doing the government's bidding they all
do they all do they MSNBC fired Phil
Donny because he was against the frickin
Iraq war anybody's against the roar and
to get out of there and that's why when
you watch Emily's at you MSNBC today and
you you know they're not doing their job
because anybody who tells the truth and
speaks truth to power gets fired from
that station Ashleigh Banfield ed
Schultz filled out of you anybody who
tells the truth gets fired from that
Network and the minute Rachel Maddow
says something that cost that station
and nickel that caused Comcast a nickel
she will be fired
the minute she says something that cost
them a nickel she will be fired he also
goes this is from Artie I like this it
says internal pentagon documents
referred to so they were done they
talked about this they didn't eat the
New York Times in an expose on how the
intelligence community infiltrates the
news again and in it that Artie is
recording their reporting and they say
internal pentagon documents referred to
them meaning people from the CIA who
they get on television as message force
multipliers or surrogates who could be
counted on to deliver administration
themes and messages to millions of
Americans
the form of their own opinions
propagandists propaganda are writers
that's called a propagandist Ron yeah
yep
so if you want propaganda you should
watch NBC News and MSNBC if you don't
want propaganda you have to go to
youtube and they are throttling the hell
out of our show by the way our show used
to regularly get two hundred three
hundred thousand views and CBS News and
and MSNBC News usually get four
literally four and five hundred views on
their videos cuz nobody goes to YouTube
to watch those goddamn channels and now
and now we're lucky we break 60 70
thousand views and Rachel Maddow I mean
an MSNBC and just generic CNN clips are
getting million views no one wants to
see Wolf Blitzer nobody nobody wants to
see Chris Cuomo or the people who host
the CBS Morning Show no one nobody's
clicking to see them they're being
force-fed those videos and they're
throttling us I'm not making this up so
uh there's a little bit more the prep
this is from our teeth you know the
presence of former military and
intelligence officials in the newsroom
was once thought controversial you would
think right yeah that seems like a
no-brainer he imagined when we were
reporting on Vietnam if he just had yeah
your newsroom was populated with
generals and CIA people who lied us into
it isn't that amazing in 2008 the New
York Times wrote an investigative
analysis outlining the George W Bush
administration's use of military
analysts to shape terrorism coverage oh
that came so that should have been first
and then that's when internal pentagon
documents referred to them as message
force multiplier so I had that switch
but there you go
so thank him thank God I'm at NBC is
given the CIA heads a job we're also how
they to be on the unemployment line
right very progressive of them very
progressive
what a show I wish somebody would
invite him events another YouTube but
it's not happening it's not gonna happen
people keep same going to this platform
go to that plant we're gonna have to
eventually we rely on your right now we
don't rely on YouTube's advertising
because we can't because at one point
their advertising was zero dollars for
shows like us and they've admitted that
they're throttling they're doing things
to stuff like this and now they're gonna
be doing it under the guise of fighting
Russians so they're throttling
independent news shows they're deep
they're unsubscribing people and this is
what they want you to watch they want
you to watch John Brennan on NBC I'm not
making that up that's happening you can
you can disagree on why it's happening
it's happening and you know you could
call anybody you want a conspiracy
theorist it's not a conspiracy that it's
happening oh we get emails and there are
screenshots yeah with those emails so I
mean unless a large large group of
people all over the world are playing a
really good prank on us it's happening
so this is just I happen to be on my
phone on my youtube channel today and I
noticed underneath one of my videos the
recommended videos right so here's
here's videos from the last couple weeks
Pope James of sex abuse is in Chile
45,000 views Daily Beast's makes strong
push for ww3 64,000 views a lot of
people say well that seems pretty good
those are those are big clickable
stories right those were those are I
expected to generate a lot more traffic
than they did because look what we used
to get this is a year ago right Rachel
Maddow has lost her mind and people are
noticing 350 1000 views that's just a
regular Y brexit is good for working
people is clears in clear simple terms
