hi everybody welcome Jimmy door show im
here with steps emerado and romp Lacombe
hello Jimmy
oh hi okay so our War Department it's a
they call to the Defense Department it
should be called the invasion Department
right it should be called the offense
Department because we're not defending
ourselves against anybody we're just
creating problems in our Defense
Department is a lot like Baskin Robbins
of war and try every flavor and there's
one there's a new one every week so here
is general mattis just to cut just the
other day we have to look at is the
destabilizing influence that Iran has
consistently portrayed and demonstrated
throughout the region what so the United
States invaded Iraq illegally killed
hundreds of thousands displaced millions
invaded Afghanistan still there 17 years
later occupying them for what reason did
Libya invaded Libya turning into a
failed state the most advanced country
in Africa turn it into a failed state
with open slave markets we did that
Afghanistan Iraq Libya Syria
we're helping Isis literally helping
Isis and al-qaeda the dregs the worst
terrorists that ever in the history of
the world we're hoping they take over
Syria and what does this guy say what
does this tell me what this guy says
well we have to look at is the
destabilizing influence that Iran has
consistently portrayed and demonstrated
throughout the region the disabling D
stable instead on has taken in the
region
you mean like bombing Syria without even
knowing what happened first oh wait that
was us yeah you mean like that kind of D
stable I mean like destabilizing like
when we I don't know set the Mideast on
fire
and we keep adding gasoline to it every
day you mean destabilizing what we're
doing in Yemen siege warfare which is a
war crime starving people to death
that's what we're doing children we're
starving them you mean that kind of
destabilization this is awesome we don't
even really have to look in the Middle
East to see what we've done we've we do
this kind of stuff to our own country
look at proto Rico how we've abandoned
them and the destruction in Puerto Rico
after Hurricane in that we can't give
them any support so I'm supposed to
worry about Iran Sands right in the
Middle East I know I'm worried about the
United States lack of influence in
Puerto Rico and helping my brothers and
sisters there great point
how about our influence in America how
about the United States government's
influence in America and our territories
how about we work on that well here he's
got more to say and the only reason that
the murderer Assad is still in power
the murderous is I'll the murderer Assad
so again this is how propaganda works
they want to go to war with Iran they
want to overthrow Assad he's a murderer
we're not murderers
we didn't murder anybody in Iraq Libya
Afghanistan Syria Yemen Nazir we don't
do it he's emerged Assad's a murderer
and Benjamin Netanyahu is hugging those
Palestinians to death he's not shooting
them in broad daylight right netanyahu's
they're not shooting medics are they in
broad daylight and journalists yeah yeah
shooting journalists and medics in broad
daylight but Assad's a murderer I got
okay I got you I'm not saying Assad
isn't a murderer I'm saying it's
interesting who you get upset with when
they murder mm-hmm you only get upset
with the countries you want to overthrow
isn't that weird yeah you have a certain
agenda because you are so you are part
of the destruction profiteering
department AHA again this is not the
Department of Defense this is the
Department of offense this is how it
works this is how you get to go into
Iran
primary reason is because Iran is stuck
by him
reinforced him funded him Iran has stuck
by Saad reinforced them by rote you
means so you're saying Iran is to Syria
what the United States is to Israel is
that what you're saying
we're propping up Saudi Arabia who funds
Isis for Christ's sake I mean so that's
what I'm talking about so when you see
it's all lies so when these guys say do
a nail go Oh Trump's a liar they're all
liars
that's why is this great or what you
think lion got invented by Trump that's
what they're acting like and again this
isn't this a Trump isn't a liar this is
to say they're all liars and democracy
isn't based on trust
well you gotta trust somebody Jimmy no
you don't democracy isn't based on trust
democracy is based on mistrust that's
why you have transparent governments so
you're not supposed to have court
proceedings in secret like the FISA
Court they're supposed to have a secret
court that's not a court Wow art our
defense department tries to sell more
wars than Apple tries to push iPhone
updates eventually we're gonna reach the
level of two new wars for everyone new
Havas honda civic model maddis loves war
so much he shares a missile porn
subscription with brian williams did you
know they sit around wax their missiles
and right so right under that so you
notice he's blaming Iran for Assad
staying in power because everyone's
sufficiently hates aside the propaganda
has worked and so he's like well we'll
use that to invade Iran so everybody
hates Assad Russia go ahead run USA well
I was just gonna add something that's
like more kind of like just something as
an aside to all the
and connecting it to the bigger thing
it's not engaging in what about ISM to
entertain the notion as we do on this
show that people that think in the
economy of war don't have our best
interests at heart that's not what about
ISM to say well they're liars - no it's
relevant to say they're liars - because
they live in the economy of war and
they're not on our team whether they
like Trump or not they ain't on our team
it doesn't matter the let's not forget
according to Chomsky the biggest human
rights atrocity to be committed in this
century has been committed by the United
States and Iraq and we did that so
everybody's like all Putin's a maniac in
Crimea what the hell do we do we did the
worst thing ever this century and then
we ordered torture to cover it a torture
program a torture program that's who we
are we're better than Isis we had a
torture program i torture program and
there were some folks in it there were
some folks in it and so he doesn't
criticize Russia there he's doing he's
using Iran because he wants to go to war
with Iran all these two whole
establishment wants to go to worth Iran
well he initially what I read he was for
the Iran nuclear deal yeah I was for
that aha so what's changing his mind why
does he now want to create war with Iran
you know I just read a little bit about
him he's been serving in the military
since 18 years old this guy is a
military guy so isn't that in his blood
to perpetuate loyal of the military
right of course I just want to say this
we think he's a peace thing I just want
to read this really quick thing he
served in the Afghanistan and Iraq and
led all US Marine forces in the Middle
East as commander and he was also in
charge of the 1st Marine Division in the
initial attack and subsequent stability
operations in Iraq in 2003 so he doesn't
seem to me like I understand his
dedication and I appreciate that but I
doesn't see anything here that I can
trust his vision for peace though he's
there is no stability right now
everybody in Iraq right so
spanky Dennison underneath this video
that was tweeted out by Fox News he
wrote this the Trump regime can't say
one negative thing about Putin stunning
so after this guy's trying to get us
into Iran what you're worried about is
he doesn't want to get us into Russia
hey the guy's warmongering us into a war
in Iran and you were like why doesn't he
warmonger us into war with russia that's
so that's the culture we're living in
this like we want you to start being
more bellicose and hawkish with us not
just a nuclear power anybody can pick on
Iran why don't you try picking out a
nuclear this is what people are saying
now and that's just not regular people
that's all people in the media people in
politics be everybody people that say
they're on the Left people who say
they're on the Left are saying like
this and and hey Spanky here's Donald
Trump many dead including women and
children in my in mindless chemical
attack in Syria area of atrocity is in
lockdown and encircled by Syrian army
making it completely inaccessible to
outside world President Putin Russia and
Iran are responsible for backing animal
Assad big price is that is that enough
for you would you like him to be more
bellicose would you like him to be more
hawkish would you like him to be more of
a maniac because that's what you guys
say he's a maniac who's gonna start a
nuclear war then you're like hey why
don't you start a nuclear war and tip of
the hat to uh
that gentleman he's well he's the one
who found that Trump tweet it's you moku
can you say that guy's name Ichi boku wa
wreck yeah hashtag Ichi mocha wha there
yeah is that a saying I I think some oka
watch sounds like a greeting or
something I think it and it's a hashtag
reconnect Julian so he's on the right
side so okay
just so you know the people who want to
get rid of Assad do you know who takes
over when Assad leaves Isis just like
who took over in Libya after we left
same thing would happen in Syria these
guys don't give a they don't care
this is non-stop war this is or well I
know or what was just a book
it's amazing how accurate it was cuz
we're living it yes like that dude at a
crystal ball it's amazing yeah these
people say to me well you know I was
just a book I know but it's amazing yeah
how I'm point it was and and and it was
you know it was right Wow
so there you go God god bless the
American Defense Department which is
really the defense the American invasion
Department that's what they should call
why isn't there a war tax why don't we
have a tax to fund these wars a fact
this is what people will start asking
questions people we know why there's not
a war tag yeah people are gonna start
asking questions it seems to me what I
see actually is happening to our country
because of these wars you know the war
tax isn't monetary right in US it's at
the disposal of humans so that's really
what our tax has been we're losing
people's lives and people are homeless
and people are living in poverty and so
that's what's really taxing our
community and that there's any American
in our country that is shouting for more
war hasn't paid attention this century
at all okay I just want to show you real
quick these are tweets if NATO has its
way in Syria we wouldn't have any
women's basketball team we would only
have jihad suicide teams this is the my
hardened team with our dear friend
Vanessa B Lee she tweeted this out and
they're there look they're in Syria they
have a woman's basketball team know if
the sod is not president and the Isis
takes over which is who that who wants
to overthrow him that would not be
happening this
what this is who they were fighting
against those are women in cages
that's who Assad is fighting against
people who put women in cages this is
from BBC's new three-part documentary on
the House of Saud talks about Saudi
funding for Syrian terror groups Jaysh
al-islam for those who still refer to
this group as moderate rebels please
watch to see how Alawite women were
paraded in cages in Syria so that's who
we're back we're back in these people in
Syria this is who we want to take over
why because that a pipeline goes through
Syria and run and we get to compete with
Russia Russia selling fossil fuels to
Europe that's what this is all about so
again so I'm glad to be here this is why
they're throttling this show because
Brian Williams is never gonna tell you
the truth Chris Cuomo is ever gonna tell
you about that Rachel Maddow is never
gonna tell you the truth about Syria
Chris Hayes certainly isn't worthless
Lawrence O'Donnell's not gonna Wolf
Blitzer doesn't even know what where
Syria is he just sees the economic
opportunity yeah he sees a if we decide
not to invade he'll mention the loss of
jobs he won't he'll do he will which he
did so that's why we're here this is why
we have a show this is exactly why we
have a show cuz the mainstream media
won't tell you about this and they'll
they'll just show you massive the go
yeah Iran's propping up Assad yep
yep Iran is propping up Assad so we
should probably go into Iran that's what
they're gonna tell you an NBC News
that's what Jim Acosta is gonna tell you
on CNN that's what they're all gonna
tell you and that's why we have a show
and I'd rather not I'd rather be touring
as a comedian and not feel the impetus
or the responsibility to have to debunk
this but I just can't take this war
anymore and that's why we're doing the
show thanks for watching please make
sure you're subscribed even if you think
you
you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
