hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show special guest with us Dave Ryan
it's hilarious comedian Dave rightit's
is here with the miserable liberal
around Picone hello hello hello alright
so um you know the the American the
American is to have a corporate media is
not telling the truth about war they
never have they never will
they've lied about they've repeated the
government lies about Vietnam they
repeated the government lies about the
first Gulf War they repeated the
government lies about the second Iraq
war they repeated the lies about Libya
they repeated the lies about Afghanistan
they're repeating the lies about Syria
so right now what's happening in in
Syria is that the al Qaeda which is
who's fighting Assad who's fighting
Assad they go moderate rebels that's
like being a little pregnant you can't
be so their terror the moderate mod what
they really mean is moderate terrorists
which means terrorists which means
al-nusra al-qaeda
so they're controlling in Lib right now
and the government the Syrian government
which is winning the war it's just about
over and they're gonna go take it back
and so now the military-industrial
complex is saying they have Trump saying
and the government saying oh if you do
that they're planning to use chemical
weapons
why would Assad used chemical weapons
he's winning again this has been
debunked so many times it doesn't make
sense so that's so they're saying that
again and guess who takes over if we get
rid of Assad guess who takes over who
takes over al Qaeda just like we did in
Libya you see what's happening in Libya
they want to do that to Syria and they
want to do it really bad so Ron Paul
actually tells the truth about it he
says the well here's what he says this
is out that we're playing too many games
with al Qaeda because we've used al
Qaeda as the excuse for being there and
yet I don't believe that is the case I
think we're there for other reasons
and al-qaeda is it's a haven there and
we're on their side so he's saying both
things we he just pointed out we say
were there because of al-qaeda but we're
not we're there on their side
we're on Al Qaeda's side we're this is
right after 9/11 anniversary
we're on al Qaeda's side in Syria and
that's what doesn't get reported in the
corporate news ever we're on we the
United States is on the side of al Qaeda
in Syria to overthrow Assad we're trying
to do the same thing we did to Saddam
Hussein in Iraq turned that into a
failed state we're trying to do the same
thing we did in Libya turn that into a
failed state
we're trying to do the same thing in
Syria right now and Ron Paul's telling
the truth I mean the pragmatic reason
for this is that we think al Qaeda will
help our position the United States
position to get rid of Assad and this is
a bipartisan Republican and Democratic
position if it's only individuals like
ourselves in the Institute for peace and
prosperity that are arguing this is
totally unnecessary it's not the right
position it isn't what United States
should be doing it's not part of our
Constitution and yet it drives us to
align ourselves with our kindness so the
fact that they admitted it was it was
more of a loan alert to those
individuals that they had to overcome
that image because we're supposed to be
over there fighting them but this isn't
the first time that the evidence is very
clear that we have aligned ourselves
with al Qaeda when we think it's
temporarily a benefit to our foreign
policy one of this solution so ron
paul's telling the truth
at but but the military-industrial
complex will say Ron Paul's a liar and a
crazy person they'll call him a
conspiracy theorist that's what they do
to people who tell the truth about their
crazy wars so let's see if there's
anything more to this no that was it
so I tweet that video out and that and
that tweet by Sarah Abdullah I retweet
it and I so anyway by the way let's just
talk about that so what let me throw it
over to my panel that's what is the
foreign policy instead what does
America's foreign policy serious would
why is there one at this point I mean
it's a lost its its lost there's there's
no American interest in it well there
there is the interest is Israel's and
Saudi Arabia and since the petrol dollar
were in bed with Saudi Arabia so at the
behest of them they want to put a
pipeline through Syria to sell natural
gas to Europe of course Russia sells
most of the natural gas to Europe so
they don't want that pipeline going
through so that's why there that's one
of the reasons why Russia is supporting
Assad because for economics the reason
why they want to overthrow Assad is for
economics for money baby
so that's so there is no real reason why
we should so you're saying what's the
book there is no real reason why we
should be there the real reason is for
 money and because of Israel and
they can't say that then cuz we're
trapped on this idea that we're in an
empire and so anytime there's a in
the arm of the Empire we got to be
strong and we got a assert ourselves and
there's a lot of money in you know
Lockheed Martin and Raytheon and their
stocks go up every time Trump bombs
their stop gooster stocks goes up war is
good for business for the
military-industrial complex it's good
for nobody else anything wrong no glad
that's why they strike first and Athleta
I mean last time right they drop that
story it should have been a headline
everywhere all the time that hey we just
bombed a country and an investigation
didn't even happen first that it didn't
wait for the evidence didn't even wait
for anything this is right nothing this
and this is on the heels of 9/11 I mean
this is on the heels of the Iraq war
okay blow everybody's mind when Ron Paul
says that out we're working with al
Qaeda that that should blow people's
mind but you don't you know what it
won't stuff because it's not being
reported
right so this Ron Paul is not being
invited on Rachel Maddow to tell people
that Ron Paul is not being invited I'm
not being invited on Jake Tapper to tell
people this the people who know the
truth about this aren't being invited to
tell the truth we already know that they
silence anti-war voices Phil Donahue was
telling the truth about the Iraq war and
he was being skeptical of the WMDs lie
to get us in the Iraq war and what does
an MSNBC do they fired his ass that
Jesse Ventura they fired his ass because
these people were gonna tell the truth
about the war Ashleigh Banfield they
fired her ass so if you tell the truth
about war you get fired Chris Hedges he
told the truth about the Iraq war he
they got his ass handed to him from the
New York Times so get out of here stop
telling the truth about the Iraq war he
said I'm not gonna the New York Times
said get out so this is what so no
people's minds aren't blown and then
when people hear about this they are
theirs discredited and CNN will
discredit the people pushing this or
telling the truth they'll discredit me
they lose credit him discredit anybody
you know and and and I mean you got to
remember where did all K 2 come from
that we invented there right exactly so
it's not surprising that we're
continuing to be in bed with them we
have a long history of communicating and
and you know CIA funded we all know that
so so it's not surprising it's just so
sad so I treat that out why won't
American corporate news media tell the
truth about Syria because they are and
always will and always have been beep
reward the people lying to you about
Syria and calling it news are traitors
to the United States and human beings in
general so Susan Sarandon retweeted that
she retweeted that Mike tweet saying
this attached to Ron Paul she retweeted
it and then she got this so someone
named Emma Beals who's a journalist
telling this story that Assad is the guy
starting and killing and doing all the
bad things in Syria that's her story and
that's her story
Emma Beals and she tweets look look look
at the
crazy tweet look look how crazy these
people are who want to push war in Syria
here's what she says she goes in which
susan sarandon calls for syrian press
whose lives and pain she exploited for
money and entertainment in the Viper
Club film traitors to the United States
and human beings in general astonishing
so what she's saying is Emma Beals is
saying Susan Sarandon called the Syria
press traitors to the United States and
human beings in general that's not what
we stats not what that it says right
there American corporate media news
media she says right there Syria press
we're saying American corporate news
media it's right there in the tweet and
she takes it she's trying to get clicks
or tweet retweets wherever the hell
she's trying to get by coming after
Susan Sarandon for retweeting my
criticism of the pro war American
corporate media and there's no doubt
they are there's no doubt that they push
every war that's not debatable that's
Ted to me this is astonishing and Susan
Sarandon retweets it and said in which
Emma Beals journalist misses the point
of Jimmy doors tweet completely by
replacing American corporate news media
with Syria press American mainstream
media is not the same as independent
journalists on the ground in Syria and
other war zones even people by the way
and so people kept coming after me and
Susan over her tweet they kept coming
after me
but an but people even underneath this
tweet Emma Beals tweet her own followers
were calling right here's the people at
her own thread Emma cannot read you look
pretty dumb here a clarification might
be a good move but I expect you'll
double down which is exactly what she
did there's another one Emma you've
really mangled this one you've missed
attributed to whom Jimmy door applied
the term traders you're perhaps
conflating us corporate media and Syrian
media at any rate you haven't
comprehended doors tweet correctly
that's plain to see I hope it's a
mistake this is impressive intentional
miss reading of Jimmy's tweet Emma
American corporate
Media equals Syria press but I'm
guessing you already know that yes
that's how bad they're getting these
pro-war people they don't even bother
anymore like anybody who could read she
links to the goddamn tweet it's right
underneath her thing it says American
corporate media she says Syrian press
it's right there there's a couple more
I'm not seeing Syria press in his tweet
what are you talking about and why are
you obsessing over Susan Sarandon is
retweets aren't you some kind of
journalist or something perhaps
important yet serious should be a higher
priority than scoring political points
with the resistance
these people are mental this is meant
this is a path this is a this is
pathological this is any I don't know
it's just lazy
it's just stunningly lazy she read it
fast she wanted it to be what it was she
wrote her stupid tweet and it's just
ridiculous yeah I don't I don't think
it's lazy you think it's I think it's
intentional and they don't that's how
they're lazy and they don't care how
obvious it is that they're just trying
to smear someone's pretty easy once you
write something and you go like this oh
no oh no I should delete that it doesn't
take that that's still up she that woman
came back in her her timeline to defend
it I could show you that but I didn't
know I just I just I can't I guess yeah
I know it's high so he's amazed that
somebody is just so blatantly a liar yes
and it's so obvious but I guess that's
America now is it nobody hide like
she's an idiot the world to know I can't
believe it's not journalism it's good
nah that's it's just stunning and you
know they go well you're an Assad
apologist he's murdering people and I
know they're dropping bombs all over the
country there's a civil war going on
there's a civil war happening and it's
not really a civil war it's mostly being
funded by outside groups like Saudi
Arabia and the CIA so what's the number
exactly because I want to get this
straight what's the number of people
that have to be killed for you not to
want to support them so there's like how
many people did Obama kill right how
many people did President Bush kill how
people have to be killed before you an
apologist you know how many people are
 creaming over President Bush
right now boy I missed those Bush yes
and the research murderer no kidding
war criminal war criminal mass murderer
boy I miss him well you know what Emma
Beal would probably get all that tweet
wrong and that guy was blaming I don't
know Israel there's somebody hey if Emma
Beale feels that you know people on the
ground in Syria are being slighted we
should just tweet her IVA Bartlet's
patreon page yeah that very contribution
yeah IVA Bartlet there's a reporter on
the ground we've had she we've had her
on the show several times we also had
Carla Ortiz as another reporter who's
been on the ground making documentary
films in Syria we've had a lot of people
who've been in Syria on the show so yeah
that maybe you want to go help her
oh no she doesn't she actually tells the
the the anti-war narrative she actually
talks about what's actually happening
about how the how the white helmets
aren't aren't real are really working
with the al Qaeda and the jihadists and
the military-industrial complex and the
CIA and El nusra yeah that's what's
actually happening this again it's
another big lie another war is another
lie and you're not gonna you're not
gonna get the truth from the
establishment and again if you tell the
truth they'll just smear you that woman
didn't say anything she didn't try to
contradict what Ron Paul said she didn't
say we're not worth that we're not
supporting al Qaeda she didn't say any
of that she just tried to smear people
how dare they say we're traitors anybody
pushing war in Syria is a traitor
anybody pushing war if you're pushing
war in Syria if you're saying we need to
take out Assad you are a traitor to the
United States
that's Knights I know it's tough for you
to handle but that's the truth and a
jaggoff nightclub comedian and his
 buddies can call you
out on it with no trouble
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are subscribed there's
a good chance you're not so please check
it only takes a second and then click
that bell and that's how you know you'll
get a notice every time we drop a video
they still won't notify you every time
we drop a video but that's the best we
can do plus if you like the show you
want to support it please become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and come see a live
show go to jimmy dore calm be calm for
our live schedule
[Music]
