everybody welcome to jimmy dore show our
next live jimmy dore show is gonna be
October 12th in Burbank California
special guest Abby Martin linked for
tickets right there I'm joined today by
the miserable liberal steps a Murano and
Ron own I do it hi Jimmy hello
yay so we know what's been going on with
the censorship right and that a lot of
people who consider themselves on the
Left have been applauding censorship by
corporations by unnamed Silicon Valley
billionaires colluding in a unholy
alliance with the Cabal of the ex
government shady meh-meh furs who push
every war they're the ones deciding well
who gets free speech and who doesn't on
Facebook
that's literally happening and so a lot
of lefty sites have been applauding this
because it's because it's in their minds
it's been people they don't like like
Alex Jones and what I say about Alex
Jones you know what I've said hey if
you're if there has to be a process
that's open transparent and impartial if
we're gonna do this to people so if
you're gonna take someone's free speech
away you have to say why it has to be
adjudicated and it has to have an
impartial judge that's not what's
happening the exact opposite is what's
happening and that's what we we're not
protecting we're not standing up for our
Alex Jones as crazy stuff that he says
we're standing up for a principle that
if you want to take someone down you
have to have it be transparent it has to
be adjudicated it has to be a
transparent process and there has to be
an impartial judge okay so that's not
happening
and in fact places like Think Progress
who consider themselves strong lefty
news sites they do good they do some
good work over at Think Progress and but
they also do horrible stuff like this so
they're cheerleading on this article was
a horrible article written by a guy
named Casey Michael I guess that's how
you or maybe it's a woman who knows
Casey Michael
and see that name weather yeah it's
can't tell
JC Michael can't towage but anyway this
in this article it was just horrible
there is cheerleading on and not one
skeptical thing in this I read the whole
article that one skeptical thing in
about what they're doing they're just
cheer they're repeating talking points
from that government and the
intelligence agencies the CIA they're
just repeating talking points from
people like Bill Kristol and David Fromm
they're just repeating them in this
article here's the kind of stuff that's
in there in the article Michael that's a
misspelling it should be mich EO in the
article Michael documented Facebook's
heroic efforts to shut down alleged
Iranian propaganda outlets ominously
warning his readers that Russia is by no
means the only foreign adversary
exploiting social medias and arin
openness like that's a that's supposed
to be journalism you're just repeating
with the government's been saying you're
supposed to be skeptical do you
understand that you did an article
that's highlighting Russian interference
and Iran isn't it weird that that would
be the two countries in that weird
really no other country has faked
Twitter accounts no other country dipose
post positive stuff about their own
country on Facebook just Iran in Russia
hmm very good journalism Casey you know
what Jimmy to disable journalism yes to
say that Facebook to ever use the root
word heroic describing face but I don't
know she was doing the sarcastic yeah
she's being sarcastic she's saying that
their heroic efforts she's being
sarcastic to shut down alleged Iranian
propaganda outlets ominously warning his
readers that Russia is by no means the
only foreign adversary exploiting social
me what that he's wrong with you in
other articles for Think Progress again
that's a misspellings is repeatedly seen
wagging his finger at Facebook and
Twitter for not doing more to censor
Russian propaganda more dissent so this
is what Think Progress has been is been
is do
now this is what it's come to think
progress chairing on Censorship
by the corporate state angel in a July
article titled Facebook says both sides
share fake news defends Infowars
presence on its platform
Mark Zuckerberg has an interesting way
of prioritizing high quality news that's
what Wow
another Think Progress author criticized
Facebook for not censoring Alex Jones
Jones was then censored by Facebook the
following month so in that same article
in in this article in this article they
they uh they single out Caitlin Johnson
you won't want to hear what they say and
as with the Russian campaign prior these
Iranian sites pulled in real actors in
the West especially those who have made
a name for themselves as popular
conspiracy theorists that's what they
call people who who d bunk government
propaganda about war even in this even
in this goddamn Think Progress
they'll if you go against war if you go
against the government narrative on war
they will smear you as a conspiracy
theorist and what at what she's doing is
she's debunking conspiracies you
knucklehead she's debunking the
conspiracy of Russia gate debunking the
conspiracy that Assad gassed his own
people debunking those conspiracies
that's the opposite of being a
conspiracy theorist but it doesn't
matter to the thing art author of read
Think Progress because they don't even
know what that word means
well Jimmy Caitlin did promote the
conspiracy that John McCain wasn't an
awesome dude hahaha and then they and
then they chant so they go oh um
especially those who have made a name
for themselves as popular conspiracy
there is one Caitlin Johnson recently
began writing for US journal that's one
of the fake places that the Iran was
using US journal with pieces over the
past few weeks - crying the official
narrative and claiming that corporate
censorship is state censorship
that's what makes her a conspiracy
theory theorist that she decries the
official narrative she goes against what
the government and the establishment
says so that makes her that's what
you're supposed to do you stupid that's
what you're supposed to be doing you're
doing the exact opposite have you ever
read manufacturing consent I'm guessing
no and if you did and you still write
like this
shame on you your mom did a bad job
raising you and then they listed that
this is what this is what it's come to
she doesn't write for that goddamn site
that site reposted stuff that she had
already written and she told the thing
progress about they didn't care they
never corrected it so they're just as
horrible as the people they're trapped
there trying to decry they have fake
news right in their article about fake
news we've seen this happen time and
time and time again we like to call it
the fake news matrix yes yeah they did
at us see and then did it to us had fake
news in the article above fake news
mmm-hmm Washington Post had fake news in
the article about us with the fake news
another it's amazing we just we just saw
Jake Tapper do fake news about the cost
of single-payer health care we just saw
CNN do fake news about what what Lanny
Davis said about Trump's lawyer Cohen we
just thought we did seen it all over the
place
and by the way they're pushing the array
this is all fake news this Iran Russia
we gotta be worried about their internet
Oh Facebook it's good it's all
this is just propaganda article from the
government and they rented at Think
Progress so when somebody tells me that
there were weapons of mass destruction
in Iraq that's supposed to be real news
that's real journalists real journalist
that's real journalism aren't called
right conspiracy isn't that funny how
the Washington Post who and the New York
Times and CNN who pushed the Iraq war at
the top of their lungs 24/7 they're
never called conspiracy theorists
although that was the biggest conspiracy
of my lifetime but they were heading
with solet's and it was sold to the
American people through the
establishment media the biggest
conspiracy ever but nobody ever called
nobody ever calls Bill Kristol a
conspiracy theorist nobody ever calls
Dick Cheney a conspiracy theorist no
ever calls Brian Williams a conspiracy
theorist or Chuck Todd why because they
are I'm sorry Ron well they were just
Patriots that made honest journalistic
mistakes really it could have happened
to anybody so they're here they are
here's this big article of them cheering
it on sharing it happening and pointing
out people who don't accept the official
narrative and calling them smear names
hey guess what big progress they just
got a page it's got censored on Facebook
they just got censored on Facebook hey
how do you get a lefty news organization
to stop cheering on censorship by a
shady cabal of X government officials
and unelected Silicon Valley
billionaires answer have that same cabal
of X government shady em efforts and
silicon an elected Silicon Bill of
billionaires censor them that's how you
get them to stop cheering on censorship
now now who knows then maybe they'll
still keep doing it maybe they'll still
keep cheering censorship even as they're
being censored and and you so well here
it is I don't know if you can see that
it says they got a false rating on
content shared by Think Progress they
got a false rating and you know who gave
them that false rating the Weekly
Standard they're part of the five groups
that get to that get to tell us who can
be on Facebook one of them is that
right-wing Weekly Standard who said the
Iraq war was a great idea who said who
on the regular questions climate science
the Weekly Standard that's who that's
who is now so they get to say so there
are ultra they're a right-wing maniacs
and they get to to tell Facebook that a
left-wing site is doing false content
and they did and they got hit with it
isn't that awesome Think Progress shared
content that's been reviewed by the
Weekly Standard see how fact-checking
works on Facebook that's what it says
so the Weekly Standard is one of the
Facebook's fact
kurz the Weekly Standard who pushed a
rack war there a fact-checker
Caitlin Johnson debunks wars Brett
Kavanaugh said he would kill Roe vs.
Wade
fact-check has bred Cavanaugh stated
he'd overturn Roe vs. Wade to fight
false news Facebook reduces the
distribution of misleading content while
also providing additional reporting
around each mark story pages on and
websites that publish and share false
news will see their overall distribution
reduced and their ability to mod so if
you shared that story by Think Progress
Facebook then throttles your content by
at least 80% and your future content so
that's what that means if you share this
story by Think Progress they're gonna
throttle all your stuff and that's
something and why because somebody at
the Weekly Standard told him to do it
who know who at the Weekly Standard no
one knows was it bill kristol
a guy who says it's important for
governments to go to war even when the
country's against it here's what Glenn
Greenwald said about it congratulations
to everyone who won held up Bill Kristol
as the week and the Weekly Standard as a
responsible serious admirable voice and
to urged Facebook to become the arbiters
of who could and who couldn't be heard
on the Internet this is just the start
of your work why do I need
Jeff Zuckerberg to tell me what I can
read and what I can't read or Mark
Zuckerberg what I can read and what I
can't read on Facebook I can handle it
you know what all my life I've been
going through the checkout at the
supermarket and they have the National
Enquirer there and then they have the
world news daily it says helium monster
on it I don't believe that stuff it's
okay I can handle it
why does now Facebook think that they
have to protect me like a nanny from bad
news I can figure it out because a lot
of bad news comes from the Washington
Post and MSNBC and the New York Times I
can figure it out and then there and now
and now because of this happening would
think progress now
there's a lot of these pretend lefties
people who say they're on the left who
were cheering on Censorship now they're
all oh wait a minute
this is this isn't the Alex Jones was
okay but now we have to stop now we
actually have to have a system now we
have to have some kind of transparency
because this isn't cool because now it's
happening to us just as dumb as anybody
in the world these are the people on the
left to you know push the establishment
shame you for voting third party and our
cool with Wars
okay this is love she cups he calls them
out she goes all the let me help you
cheer for the establishment while
pretending to oppose it that's that's
who those people are so if you're for
fear fear firts you've been cheering on
censorship you are the people who they
call let me help you let me help you
cheer for the establishment while
pretending to oppose it because you're
not opposing the establishment all those
pundits who celebrated alex jones
coordinated de platforming last month
are falling all over themselves to spin
this new development in a way that
allows them to feel as though they
aren't being proven wrong day after day
after day but of course they are so
you're gonna see people report this
story about Think Progress being
throttled by Facebook because of the
Weekly Standard and they're gonna hair
is gonna be on fire and they're gonna
have a totally different standard for
for the platforming this but as they did
for someone else you got to have one
standard you got to have one open
transparent process with an impartial
judge you've got to have that or else
you don't have a process facilitating
the censorship of anyone's speech is
facilitating the censorship of your own
speech in the long run and we're not
even having to wait long to see it this
time around nope happen really quick for
Think Progress in a corporatist system
of government corporate censorship is
state censorship the massive new media
corporations being implored to regulate
which political speech gets an audience
in which doesn't have extensive ties to
secretive government agents
and a vested interest in maintaining the
status quo I'm by the soul I just want
to end it there but but I have a little
bit more about it which will probably
believe em but let me get my panel ain't
on this well I just I'm just sitting
here and I'm trying to think to myself
why would anybody want to participate
with Facebook any longer
why why would you want to go to that
platform why do you want all the
censorship you know it's like I think
there you know like let me ask you Ron
you're millennial you probably rarely
use Facebook unless you're kind of like
promoting a show yeah that's pretty much
the only thing I use Facebook for right
that's what we do here at the show
Twitter is way more fun yes yeah also I
corporate corporate censorship is state
censorship how is that a conspiracy
that's a measurable observation like
that is exactly what that is that is a
measurable observation that can be
tested and is actually true when applied
to our system in the United States and
let me just say this I was gonna post
and I told you so on Facebook but
Facebook already blocked me
[Laughter]
so think progress Ron and stuff think
progress is now being throttled by
Facebook and they're being censored by
Facebook so I guess they're doing all
the same things Alex Jones was doing
right now of course or or wait I don't
or maybe they are I don't know maybe ha
what do you say weren't know maybe they
weren't maybe we need like some kind of
process to actually oversee this stuff
maybe oh maybe that's maybe that's why
we need a process that's transparent and
open that handles this stuff if only it
were like laws that we already had that
we could apply to social media platforms
like like free speech laws or something
like that how do we have those are you
kidding me are there free speech laws
that might be a thing hmm let's look
into it okay well you know the old
saying first they came for Alex Jones
and I said nothing because he's a jerk
so then they came for me
you know that saying it's a classic at
Facebook is getting so bad I think
Rupert Murdoch might buy it can you
believe that a that a web site like
Facebook whose original intention was to
rank the hotness of college chicks got
this one wrong
isn't that amazing that's great really
is boy you know I have a t-shirt now it
says I celebrated censoring Alex Jones
and all I got was a black Facebook page
[Laughter]
yep hey here's a joke for you Facebook
PolitiFact and Snopes walked into a bar
and everybody got dumber so do you want
to know who actually so here this is
from the Think Progress article
complaining about being censored this is
which is hilarious the Weekly Standard
is one of the five outlets that enjoys
the power to fact check other people's
work on Facebook the Weekly Standard the
people at the top of their lungs push
for the Iraq war they question climate
change on the regular they're one of the
five outlets that enjoys the power to
fact check whether that means is they
can block you they have the power to say
that's fake get rid of it just like we
showed you and then Facebook throttles
all the rest of your content 80% there
are four others so there are four other
groups that that can censor on Facebook
it's The Associated Press and three
outlets that specialize in fact checking
one factcheck.org which didn't they
didn't they helped CNN get get it wrong
about single-payer much of that who that
was a group effort so fact check that or
getting stuff unbelievably wrong in and
the regular fact check that org just
because you put fact check in your name
doesn't mean that's what it is that that
was real I could not believe that fact
check that or an CNN both that took them
both to come together to get some
unbelievably wrong that's just amazing
PolitiFact also I've also had problems
with politifact
again just because you put fact in your
name doesn't mean it is and Snopes well
of course Snopes it's us no way if you
want to know a celebrity gossip rumor
they got you yeah that's that's it yeah
like a P right if you want to know if I
elf if Elvis had a gold toilet you go to
snow there you go they're gonna get that
for you anything else I would not go to
snow up sport yeah it's the same reason
I don't go to TMZ for political
information right it's the exact same
thing it's like they have their lane
yeah yeah Snopes is exactly exactly
right so TMZ you I get your point on Oh
like how do you decide that they
specialize on fact-checking do they have
to get like 9 out of 10 facts right
specialists right hey well hey exactly
hey can I see yeah can I see your tweets
around the Iraq war well if we only had
