everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
up here with the visible liberal look at
that she's got a bug for holidays oh you
could get one right down below yes and
we get one right here Ron's here you can
hear him you can't see him happy Holi
guess what's the word there's more
sexual allegations they're flying every
day I wake up there's a new guy this
time is Garrison Keillor if you don't
know Garrison Keillor is you're probably
young or don't listen to me he did a
show called a Prairie Home Companion
he'll he retired from that show in 2016
did you know that I did not know that
either until this came out so he gets a
task uses sexual harassment but Garrison
Keillor is not taking it laying down
just like people forget Ryan Seacrest is
been accused of sexual harassment
Brian Seacrest Oh Ryan Seacrest said
nope didn't do it sorry she thinks that
but I'm not I'm gonna keep working
thanks and I don't know if you notice
nobody said a damn thing about Ryan
Seacrest has anybody said any have you
seen anything buddies anything yep I saw
one headline and then I was just oh
that's it Ryan Seacrest said it's not a
thing and we're moving on is it that
wild mm-hmm so Garrison Keillor gets
fire well here's the story Keeler who
retired from a Prairie Home Companion in
2016 but continued producing the writers
Almanac for syndication confirmed his
firing to the Associated Press saying
his removal was linked to quote a story
that I think is more interesting and
more complicated than the version
Minnesota Public Radio heard so he's in
a piss so these this is a tough this is
a tough spot for a guy lefty guy to be
accused of sexual harassment because
what happened was the history of the
world we people didn't listen to women
when they complain when they said that
guys were doing this stuff nobody
listened it was really hard for us to
get someone to look at Bill Cosby you
had to get like 40 women before we're
like hey maybe if there's something to
this so what garrison kids so now it
seems like
there's been an overcorrection in a
sense where now everybody's believed at
face value without a hearing or a due
process right which is antithetical to
what a progressive believes right bless
the progressives believe in due process
right from Ron I think it's it's a hard
line to draw and I don't have the fix
for it but you know kind of like you're
saying we need to have a situation where
people feel comfortable coming forward
and they feel supported coming forward
however yes people are also with fair
process right so you know there's that
line to draw in and it's not an easy you
know it's not an easy line to toe I mean
it's just not a simple situation about
yes I agree and we talked about this on
old school last night with Jack Yager
and well I'll tell you about that in a
second what you're really saying Jimmy
is that there's time that you can always
say we're taking this person's taking a
leave of absence until we do our final
negotiation or investigation on this
stuff I mean I think that's really what
you know we see this all the time if
somebody a police person you know is
involved in something shoot someone they
don't fire him immediately without an
investigation correct right mm-hmm
that's a great point stuff that is a
great point so why do I well let's let's
read it a little bit more of the story
he told the Star Tribune
this is Garrison Keillor told the Star
Tribune the issue was an incident where
he put his hand on a woman's bare back
accidentally there's okay let's get to
the rest of it he's this is Garrison
Keillor talking he says I meant to Pat
her back as she told me about her
unhappiness and her shirt was open and
my hand went up it about six inches she
recoiled I apologized
so he claims it's a more interesting
story but that doesn't sound very
interesting in the way he's telling it
you know saying that sounds like a
pretty boring story he says it's
interesting and complicated that that
sounds pretty uninteresting and not
complicated so what does he's leaving
out that's interesting and complicated I
wonder mmm why is he playing this
 semantical game wise
doing this you know that weird it's kind
of weird yes it gets weirder
he then says if I had a dollar for every
woman who asked to take a selfie with me
and who slipped an arm around me and let
it drift down below the belt line I'd
have at least $100 now he's just
bragging yeah I was like Thai subs look
I'm a pretty sweet catch a lot of ladies
trying to get a pinch of this good got a
ladies trying to feel me up and down he
says I'd have at least a hundred dollars
so this poetic irony of uh so this is
poetic irony of a high order but I'm
just fine so what he's saying is no this
is the things that happened to me this
happens to me all the time I've never
done it to someone else so that's why
this is ironic it happens to me all the
time women put their hands on me in
places that if I put on them they will
get in trouble that's what it sounds
like he's saying right mm right yes I
agree yes okay why do you say it like
well because there is a very different
there's there's a gender difference
certainly that you know it's not typical
for a woman to cop a feel right as often
as it is for a man to copperfield right
that's all that's why it's only a
hundred times for him that's why he's
bragging about and he's like I'm just
fine yeah that's why I'm just fine it's
cool so he goes I had a good long run
and I'm grateful for it and for
everything else Minnesota Public Radio
said in a statement released shortly
after Keeler's endowment announcement
that I decided to terminate his
contracts and his private media
companies after someone after someone
who worked with him on a Prairie Home
Companion came forward that the show he
doesn't do anymore
mmm-hmm came forward last month
Minnesota Public Radio said it hired
lawyers to investigate the allegations
so they must have finished their
investigation
it sounds like and they concluded they
needed the fire room in a statement on
his personal website now here's
where it gets controversial even more in
a statement his personal website Keillor
apologized to quote all the poets who
work whose work I won't be reading on
the radio and to the people who will
lose work on account of this but get
this he did not mention the woman who
made the complaint nor did he is
apologized to her right doesn't seem
like he apologized to her
no he recently penned get this now it
gets even better or or more interesting
he recently penned an op-ed after Lee
ant Whedon accused senator Al Franken of
forcibly kissing her and groping her
without her consent saying the notion
Franken should resign was absurd it's
better in an email to Minnesota Public
Radio's new boss Wednesday afternoon
that's not the new boss's name that's
what had happened that's just bad sense
structure in an email Wednesday
afternoon to NPR's a new boss not an
email to NPR's new boss Wednesday
afternoon that's all right it's just a
little that's for HUF the further half
poet's tip that's a free writing tip
here here it is here it comes
this is what he wrote to the new boss at
NPR Minnesota Public Radio he said I
think the country is in the grip of a
mania the whole Franken business is an
absurdity and I wish someone would
resist it but I expect Minnesota Public
Radio to look out for itself and
meanwhile I feel awfully lucky to have
hung on for so long now Steph to me I
have so many questions and the first one
the first one is why is he why is he
walking away so easily if he doesn't it
doesn't seem like he but he's buying the
accusation against him or against Al
Franken
so when he says that there's a we're in
the grip of a mania the guys who are
resigning left and right nobody has
pushed back nobody nobody has said I
didn't do this right a Jordan Chariton
but he didn't get fired for that he got
fired for something for something else
they didn't like what he was doing
mixing his businesses or something but
he did so he didn't get fired for sexual
misconduct but everybody else just took
it like Charlie Rose okay you got me
Matt Lauer yep you got me Matt Lauer it
was quick to like we found a button okay
up do it I'll quit thanks sorry about
the button all right I'm done cuz it was
like that like he didn't push back it
was just like hey Matt did you know that
there was a but nope you found it I'll
quit up where Thanks
he just quit immediately so these guys
are just quitting immediately no one's
pushing back and I would not frame that
as a mania mania that you cannot talk
about this country's in the grip of a
mania maybe this country needs to step
back and look at how we interact with
you know a superior should be
appropriately behaving with people that
work below them or you know not on the
same level I want to say that I'll say
two things real quick if it's a if it's
absurd that Franken should resign and
we're in a mania why is it al franken
saying that why does Al Franken say
today I'm starting to read your trust
well if he didn't do anything and it's
absurd why did he say he has to relearn
your trust he said that the other day
so why doesn't El Franken say any of
this stuff what isn't he say you know we
get caught in the mania I didn't do this
that's a little crazy why doesn't he say
the stuff that so that's what that's
what I don't get I know al franken has
the luxury of he'd nobody can fire him
that he had I'd have to first do an
investigation which they're doing so
maybe he's just waiting maybe he's just
going I'm not gonna push back and try to
say these women are lying because you
can't because we've done that for so
long
now we have to accept so I'm accepting
what they say but he's hoping that
there's an investigation that clears him
he must think it's gonna clear him
otherwise he would just quit right
I would imagine yeah so but why doesn't
what is it Frank
when is it out Frank can say any of this
 and by the way Garrison Keillor if
you really feel like we're in a mania
and you're being effed over by Minnesota
Public Radio why don't you stand up and
do something about it why don't you call
a press conference why don't you stand
up and say it has to end now why don't
you do that why don't you call a press
conference that's what doesn't so you're
gonna go away say oh this is all
 but I'll go away without a
 fight I'll let someone else
fight this fight is that what you're
saying yeah you know because all those
women that are accusing Charlie Rose
they're just on some mania right now
about his nudity had that authority to I
mean I think they all admit it I mean
exactly let me add one more thing as far
as you know you're saying why does it al
franken come out and say something you
know Al Franken called you know pretty
much was on board when Sarah Silverman
said you know the Bernie Sanders people
were booing at the convention that they
were ridiculous ridiculous yeah well so
if if this is a ridiculous indictment
against Al Franken he has a duty to come
forward and say something this is
ridiculous but he's not saying that
isn't that weird that he's not saying
that it's absurd but Garrison Keillor
will isn't that weird that Garrison
Keillor he says he's being ripped he's
implying all over the place that he's
being victim and that this isn't a real
thing yet why not just say it that's
that's what I don't get I don't know so
maybe he'll say something but right now
he's he's leaving what he's creating
more questions than he's answering right
am I wrong about this Ron what do you
think oh yeah because he's not straight
up saying like why didn't do this right
he just said this is a mania like almost
as if like well we're supposed to
continue to accept stuff like this
passively right if he did in fact do
something and it's like well that's that
the whole reason all of this is
happening is because we've passively
accepted unacceptable behavior for way
too long in the workplace in insist
so this is a response to all that that
is long overdue right now people are
still entitled to a fair process but
that's why all this is happening it's
not a mania it's it's a long overdue
response I was like he had a fit by the
way it sounds like there was an
investigation that they didn't fire him
before they did when it sounds like
again it sounds like they did an
investigation and the investigations
over but it's weird that it would be one
one accusation from one woman where if
it's at went down the way he said it
went down if there has to be more to the
story than Garrison Keillor's letting on
I think so chance all I can but he says
it's more interesting and more
complicated than he restates it it
sounds less interesting and less
complicated so there's more to this
story than he's letting on right well I
would I mean yeah cuz it sounds
completely not interesting and I would
just like if his story checks out I
would just like ass the woman myself
like I would bring her into it not be
like look that was clearly an accident
can we talk about this I'd like I
accidently touched her back or whatever
you know his side of the story is where
which it does sound weird like six
inches is a fair amount of space I don't
know it's so like yeah I still can't get
a picture yeah like I can't visualize
this like I can imagine if he put his
hand around her back and she had a shirt
that wasn't tucked in and his hand went
up her shirt on her back why would that
be they're gonna fire him yeah that that
that so there had to be something else
one the 6-inch thing is he went six
inches up did he mean it went six inches
down her pants or something or it had
the kids nah he was yeah it just it just
sounds too crazy if that's what happened
that that can't be it mm-hmm okay so I
just it's interesting to hear Garrison
Keillor semi push back like he's pushing
back but like in a very weak way in a
way it's like if you're innocent
wouldn't you be screaming more wouldn't
you be a little bit more upset mm-hmm I
would or wouldn't your explanation kind
of just be a little more straightforward
and check out like yeah that was as
simple as yeah I went to take a selfie
with somebody she had one of those like
open shirts I didn't realized it so I
touched her bareback
yeah and then move my hand like on two
you know the shoulder or something and
took a picture or whatever but he says
like it was six inches under the shirt
and it's like what what does that mean
yeah like so yeah it's strange so when
he first what is amania like those guys
aren't again Brian's Ryan Seacrest got
accused he didn't get fired and he
didn't quit so he's getting due process
it seems like right it seems like Sony
Garrison Keillor have due process nobody
even knew about this it they kept it
quiet and they did an investigation so I
would like to hear more from Garrison
Keillor on this I have a feeling we
probably won't okay so I I was reading
on Ryan Seacrest because you're like
what's what's that so the woman who was
accusing him a stylist I guess a
wardrobe person and she was accusing him
yes and so he said no absolutely not
she won I think what was that upwards of
15 million she wanted 15 million the
lawyer countered and said okay we'll
take seven figures instead they said
forget it
we don't want to do that and they said
in the article base that they highlight
in this from TMZ it said something to
the effect that it appears the statute
of limitations both civilly and
criminally would have run out on all of
her claims which are older than six
years as a result the only leverage in
getting money would be making
allegations public and embarrassing him
okay so that's that's just one source
that I was able to read about but you
know about Garrison Keillor I just feels
like that
the this just this last you know phrase
where he says I feel awfully lucky to
have hung on for so long so like this is
such an unfair environment for a guy
like me to be working in it's amazing I
alas do it what's the exactly
like what is he talking about yes and so
when I read this where it says that the
time would have run out like five you
know six years right so how recent was
this experience with this woman that
Garin can
Garrison Keillor had you don't I mean
like this had to be a recent last right
several years because he's pretty clear
on who it is I wish someone would resist
it
so this think about he said he's the one
who's saying this right here I wish
someone would resist it why don't you
why don't you real I don't you say no
I'm not standing for this and and
countersue why don't you counter sue for
wrongful termination let's have this out
in open court like that would be you
garrison mister guy who has all
the resources in the world probably
knows all the top lawyers in the country
why don't you do it is it so that's why
this doesn't pass my smell test mm-hmm
if you want someone to stand up to it
and resistant you do it and the fact
that Al Franken isn't saying what you're
saying
why doesn't he see what you're saying so
what any conclusions on that I don't my
conclusions is this way Denise Garrison
Keillor's being way too cute yes he's
being way too cute right here and and I
have to take you know I don't get
offended that often but when I see
somebody say I think the country is in
the grip of a mania I think that's
baloney i I think you know we have to
really take a step back and look at what
we're doing in our country and if these
people who happen to be men in positions
of power are all taking advantage in
really nefarious ways you know that that
I what you become what's his name with a
button what that Matt Lauer has a button
under his desk to be able to behave in
whatever manner he wishes to behave
behind a locked door is so scary and so
absurd it's like something that you
would never believe mm-hmm you would
never believe that somebody was doing
this this is awful and I don't under I I
don't think we're in a grip of mania
Keillor right if what we're in the grip
of a reckoning
mm-hmm I think is what's happening and
because again like I said the only
person I've heard to even slightly say
this isn't true who's been fired for
something for this is Garrison Keillor
have you heard anyone else cuz that's
been fired for this say that they
shouldn't have been no I haven't yeah I
was like yep I did it and I'm tried I'm
gonna rarely Rose come out with a
statement saying gosh no he did it and
same thing with Matt Lauer my Laura came
out with a statement but you know he
just apologizing a statement that's all
no this is enough Matt yeah no he's
gonna go take his hundred million dollar
he's resilient he's loaded yeah yeah
this isn't a mania this is like an
evolution of things that it's like yeah
we're not gonna accept this anymore this
