hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guests with us
today from Empire files it's Abby Martin
is here and from eyes left podcast it's
Mike Preiser how you guys do it great
awesome Jamie thanks for having us
thanks for being here
we're gonna talk about your show that's
been screwed over by the latest
censorship round on Telus or so where
that's coming up later in the show but
right now you know we've told you that
the Russia Gate thing serves a lot of
purposes for the establishment one of
them is no one's questioning the
establishment system that gave us Donald
Trump they're all just focusing on Trump
in Russia right another thing is it
gives us another geopolitical adversary
that we can still keep spending seven
hundred billion dollars a year on our
military because Russia even though
Russia spend somewhere between 40 and 60
million billion dollars a year we we
just increased our budget more than they
spend for the whole year anyway so
that's another part of it right so
that's why Russia gate is so in plus
Israel has something to do it has to do
with Iran and Syria so there's a lot of
establishment needs that the Russia gate
fills another one is coming is a war
with Iran right so here's this is a
headline ex-new experts warn Russian
interference efforts may have motivated
other countries to disrupt US elections
and when I saw that I was like I wonder
what country they're gonna talk about
turns out Iran just like I thought and
well here's what they say Russia's
efforts to influence the 2016
presidential election may be motivating
other foreign adversaries to use social
media to destroy first of all right away
it's just a art may maybe and
maybe not
but maybe maybe I hope they are because
then we get to write easy stories we
don't have to talk about the actual
problems in our country because let me
tell you something then Russia Russia
didn't make half the country poor low
income Russia didn't render 63% of our
residents unable to afford $1,000
emergency Russia didn't get make 29
billion
we people not have healthcare Russia
didn't make bankruptcies the biggest
medical cut cost the biggest cause of
bankruptcies it didn't brush it didn't
bury people in debt Russia didn't
outsource our jobs Russia didn't do any
of the things that we have problems in
America they didn't cause any of them
right but that's that's and that's why I
don't want you to think about them they
want you to think about Russia and now
they want you to think about these new
countries that may be inflation so when
you see that what does that make you
think when you see maybe I might go
ahead makes me think that there's no
evidence of them trying to do anything
at this point but also it's weird to say
that they're gonna use social media to
disrupt the US elections like well I
mean disrupt are they gonna put out like
false polling locations some people show
up to vote no it's gonna be there they
put out false case it's like what do
they mean by disrupt I mean do they just
mean they're gonna use social media to
advocate for one of the other that's not
even if they do that which is a long
shot that's is that disrupting US
elections they would again any ideas
they don't like sowing discord
yes sowing discord exactly you're
exactly in discord I mean amazingly you
never hear about Israeli or Saudi
attempts to influence US elections right
or these trolls I mean we know that Mark
Zuckerberg is willingly working with
Israel and catering to all of their
demands they've already just accompanied
95% of demands from the Israeli
government to shut down palestinian
accounts majority of Palestinians use
Facebook for news and Saudi Arabia has a
whole Wahhabi farm troll farm that they
use to correct the record about Saudi
Arabia so well I mean why don't we ever
hear about those fake accounts fake
Saudi and fake as really accounts why is
it only just adversaries of the US that
we keep hearing our disrupting our
elections it's quite amazing it is
amazing it's interesting it's it's
usually just the countries we want
regime change with it and those stories
did get printed right about how the
Israeli government gives an order to
Zuckerberg at Facebook and they do
exactly as they want as they say thank
you printed but they never get amplified
right so you they might you might see a
story in The Guardian or the intercept
about that but it's not like the lead
story on Rachel Matt doesn't get
mentioned on broadcast television those
kind of stories but it will get an
article here and there and well let's
get back to this article in the hill
it's
as experts experts you know what kind of
experts are talking about I'm gonna I'm
gonna guess Henry Kissinger and Michael
Chertoff Mike Morell ex-cia people maybe
maybe Haydn experts point to Facebook's
announcement this week that it shuttered
hundreds of pages tied to foreign
governments with many of the pages as
well as accounts shut down on twitter
and google linked to the government of
iran their own rather it is there it is
there it is so it's not linked to or
Israel or Saudi Arabia even though sorry
Saudi Arabia is the one exporting
Wahhabi ISM and Isis and al Qaeda even
know they're going after them so there
it is so this is art this is how they
get you ready for war they're getting
you ready this is how the mainstream
news media is doing their work doing the
bidding of the military-industrial
complex and the government and there and
there now they're getting you remember
sizing Iran is bad Iran is trying to
screw with our elections Iran is do is
come there like attacking us kind of
that's what this is right that's what
that's what isn't that's what that is
you think yes
we just heard John Bolton say oh and
might not just be Iran it might be China
to North Korea and North Korea
don't forget about North Korea it's
we're in eight seven eight wars right
now it's not enough for the other half
it's an attack and you know the evidence
that they use to when they when Facebook
shut down all those other pages like the
black lives matter page and one of the
Chicano rights pages I mean the things
that they used as evidence of being
connected to the Russian government was
they posted a picture of Fred Hampton
yeah and that's the evidence whoo even
that the article will say they've based
it on this analysis thing like that but
when it really comes down to what that
evidence was I mean you know yeah we'll
post Fred Hampton all the time in the
United you know in the that's right but
that's you know Fred Hampton says he's a
famous full mentor of disclosure so here
let's go there's a little more to this
article it says look no further than the
amazing return of investment yielded by
Russian President Vladimir Putin in the
2016 election said Ron Hosko a former
assistant director of the FBI's criminal
investigators the amazing return on
investment Donald Trump lost by three
million votes that's you're amazing
which what was what was the investment
by the way what they never say what the
invest was it to trigger Twitter trolls
literally $50,000 in facebook memes half
of which aired after the election what
they never can point to edges again it's
all hyperbole because this is all about
the establishment excelling you war this
is how you get sold a war this is what's
happening when you see that kind of
impact on the US government's reticence
to fire like weapons back it is to me
not at all surprising that we now have
Iran so what they're saying is see we
didn't we didn't start a war with Russia
and now Iran thinks they can do this to
us so we better go to war with Iran
that's what this thing do you see how
this works I hope you see how this works
and it's not surprising now we have Iran
involved in these misadventures could
you think of more euphemisms to
call what this isn't he was now
president of the law enforcement Legal
Defense Fund what do you think about
that Iran's involved in misadventures
and it must be so nice to have these
lackeys and these hacks in DC that will
just print government press releases and
just be handed ya information by CIA
officials think tanks and just say here
print this Iran might be doing this and
so we got to just print this without
even questioning it I mean let's talk
really quickly about this black box
algorithm Hamilton 68 dashboard run by a
rock war propagandists that's this you
know mysterious methodology that somehow
differentiating what's what's a troll
what's a Russian troll what's an Iranian
troll so that's all these articles about
Russian trolls that when it comes to the
think tank that Facebook is working with
I mean as you said stacked with CIA
officials defense contractors oil
corporations and literal branches of the
military so it just becomes very murky
when all this is going on behind the
scenes yet these tech giants can be like
you know we have the the right to shut
down anyone we want well you're working
with the US government and spy agencies
to do so and what the hell is this now
Iran North Korea I mean how far is this
gonna go so they I mean what so what is
it ran doing here's what they say leave
Foster the man
fireeyes information operations
intelligence analysis team say that
three times fast he said that the
accounts and pages appeared appeared to
be shaping a message favorable to Iran's
national interests well imagine that
that is now illegal you cannot go on
Twitter and shape a message that has
your country in a positive light
apparently that's just because they're a
random to do that again look who they're
not talking about they're not talking
about they're not talking about Saudi
Arabia they're not talking about Cotter
they're not talking about Israel they're
talking about countries they want they
have regime change
there's and they're they're using social
media
Iran is using social media to shape a
message that is favorable to their
interest yes that ridiculous almost like
too stupid even say yeah it's like you
know what the United States Twitter
account does it tries to shape a message
that is favorable to our natural
interests can you imagine that that Iran
is someone that's linked to the Iranian
government is somehow posting things
that are favorable to Iran like are you
 kidding me and and it just came
out actually today or yesterday that the
US government has been creating fake
social media accounts to foment discord
in Cuba this is on top of creating a
fake Twitter xun's unio this is on top
of creating a fake HIV program within
Cuba and infiltrating their hip-hop
community all to foment discord and a
oust again their government has been
going on for 50 years so this is only
what we know about and that's just in
Cuba alone so Amenti disorder did you
hear that Cuba also has developed a lung
cancer vaccine oh yeah
and we can't get it here in the United
States because of the embargo - have you
heard about that
yeah and can't even travel to go get it
yeah yeah we gotta go to jail exporting
doctors we export guns I thought we got
rid of all that stuff when we normalized
our relations with Cuba I guess not
Trump put it back in place you know he
leaves you normalize them so there's a
little bit more to this foster whose
team my blog helped uncover the initial
Facebook groups from Iran I'm sure every
country has Facebook groups
every country has and by the way this
Twitter troll farm from Russia sounds
just like a regular troll farm a
billionaire set up to spam people and
that's what it sounds like it just
happens to be from Russia and you know
that the CIA and the intelligence greens
been lying through their teeth about
this since the start of it and
this and this and here's some more lies
so you see how it worked
so I'm glad I'm in a sense I'm glad
you're doing this with Iran because it
shows you how much it exposes the Russia
gate thing for from what it is even more
to people who are maybe on the fence
most people will never believe that
there's nothing to Russia gate just
because that's how propaganda works so
for those who helped it's called the
report revealing that Iranian influence
campaign significant why because it
demonstrates that there are actors other
than Russia engaging in this type of
activity
well pushed me over with a feather yeah
you look at the share blue trolls from
the Clinton machine and it was just
exponentially it just dwarfed anything
that had to do with Russia they were
even using victims of police violence
that were deceased on fake IVs on their
share blue troll really yeah wow that's
pretty exploitative isn't it I would say
so I would say so yeah god there's a
little bit more to this in addition to
Russia White House National Security
Advisor John Bolton earlier this month
named Iran China and North Korea as
countries of sufficient national
security concerns to US elections but
declined to disclose proof really
declined to disclose brutal I bet they
have it I bet they have the proof I
think what we've seen is good news in a
sense that the private sector as
predicted by Julian Assange the private
sector is taking the Syria seriously and
they are taking actions to take down
illegitimate accounts so the good news
to these people and apparently to the
hill because they didn't print one
goddamn contradictory word in this
article
the good news early is that the
government doesn't even have to tell you
who to censor the private corporations
are doing it preemptively to be good
boys so the government doesn't make them
do it and the government doesn't get mad
at them and break them up because
they're monopolies and that's what's
exactly happening when you have the
corporations in government working hand
in hand anyway we have corporate capture
of our government this is exactly this
is I don't know this I'm not some I'm
not smart enough to know what the
definition of Spach is amiss but it
seems like this is it no better slaves
and those who think they're free I mean
we're talking about a committee in the
government that actually pleaded to tech
companies I think last year saying
takedown accounts that quotes sow
discord foment radical discontent you
can look at the DNI report saying that
my former showing RT sowed radical
discontent in this country so really
what does that phrase mean it's so
all-encompassing just like Russia gate
it means so much that it's hard to
actually disprove at this point because
it could really be all encompassing but
you know if there's one person that I
really take seriously it is john bolton
on this I previously in what way I just
I just think that he's a really honest
guy he's telling the truth about this we
don't need to see the evidence you're
totally right I mean we have err
everyone from Google to Facebook
completely preemptively acquiescing to
the government there doesn't need to be
a law in place we already saw the deep
platforming and and of all state media
and left media which really took a hit
and under this fake news banner within
the last year I couldn't agree with you
more and the war with Iran is coming and
the media's gonna do their bidding you
know I saw a thing Chuck Todd tweeted
out today and oh I should have grabbed
it but he's blaming Fox News for the
mistrust people have in news media mmm
yeah the guy who sponsored by the
military industrial company has
commercials for Lockheed Martin on his
show if it's not Walmart it's a military
industrial complex or it's a fossil fuel
company and he's saying it's because of
Fox News that somehow people I mean you
guys are the ones who puffed up Donald
Trump with the Pied Piper strategy and
you've sold
every war and Brian Williams do I need
to tell you anymore about Brian Williams
is lying
how about Joanne Reid's lying that has
just been completely over this
completely covered up you guys are known
liars look at what that's Jake Tapper
just did at CNN with Medicare for all
and that ricotta study I mean everyone
knows that you guys are lying you lie
about war that's why when lefties get
together they chant CNN sucks and that's
why when righties get together they
chant CN n sucks you know why because
CNN sucks that's why and guess who else
sucks the hill and every other
establishment newspaper because they're
all pushing war they're all gonna push
this Iran story
they've all been pushing Russia gate and
all that is is propaganda from your
government that's all it is anything you
have anything left yeah you know it's
like I mean from Chuck Todd to Fox to
the hill to john bolton right whenever
they're pushing word they use this term
american national interest right and
that's what they used to justify
sanctions attacks all these things but
you know we live in a deeply divided
class society i don't think no one can
really argue that there's a united
national interest the united states what
they're pushing is in the interests of a
very small percent of the population
like less than 1% of the population it's
in their national interest but on the
national interest of the rest of us and
even if iran was sponsoring like some
Facebook Ads to push their national
interest in the united states what are
their national interest in the united
states it's for us not to sanction them
to death and go to war and bomb them and
so you know those are actually in line
with the interests of the vast majority
of people in this country so i think are
there there are national interests are
much more in line with that the people
of iran than they are our own government
how dare they not want to be sanctioned
and bombed you know all this is just
part of a larger operation from the the
committee asking these tech companies to
censor accounts that are deemed you know
sowing discord in the country this is
all part of a larger operation to take
down any sort of alternative narrative
to the status quo and regime change
frankly and and for Chuck Todd to say
that is really amazing because Fox News
is Fox News but CNN MSNBC all of its
affiliates Vox vise they all march to a
uniform narrative selling war selling
corporate tyranny and and and down the
line and so of course you're just going
to bold in that fake news narrative when
everyone's uniformly toeing the same
line and honest
a cartoonishly taking on Trump in the
worst ways so you're doing nothing but
legitimizing Trump's narrative about
fake news and you're just shooting
yourselves in the foot because people I
mean people's trust in corporate media
has just plummeted and it keeps
plummeting more year after year so you
know unless they completely change their
their profit model which I don't think
they will is just gonna keep going down
well the next war that's all I mean that
really saw they can ourselves papers and
that's and we're getting more war the
Iran war is coming and you heard it here
