everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
next live jimmy dore show october 12th
that's a Friday in Burbank California
links for tickets right there Abby
Martin our special guest I'm here with
Stephanie Morano the miserable liberal
Ron black-owned Ron is going on suss
November where you gonna be wrong in
November I'm gonna be in Sacramento San
Francisco Austin Texas and Pittsburgh
Pennsylvania tickets available a trompe
l'oeil cocom hey new study about the
minimum wage higher minimum wage boost
pay without reducing job study says ha
wait a minute I thought I thought when
you increase the minimum wage that that
hurts that who does that hurt that hurts
the people who love it then they're
gonna get machines to do that you got to
get a robot and over these dudes minimum
wage increases and six US cities boosted
worker pay without harming job growth
according to a study released Thursday
by the University of California Berkeley
hmm in the foodservice industry a major
employer of low-wage workers a 10%
increase in minimum pay increased the
average weekly earnings 1.3 percent to
2.5 percent on average across the six
cities the authors found so it didn't
lower their pay raise their pay they
found no significant negative employment
effects instead they estimated that the
impact on jobs at between 0.3 percent
reduction and a 1.1 percent gain that
raising so they found that raising the
minimum wage could actually gain you 1.1
percent job actually could gain you jobs
I'm guessing because the money you give
minimum wage workers goes right back
into the economy they spend that money
so that maybe creates new jobs as
opposed to an estate tax where that
money doesn't get spent in the economy
that money goes into a an offshore
account or it goes into a bank and it
sits there with a substantial number of
additional cities and states poised to
soon enact similar policies a large
portion of the United States labor
market will be held to a higher wage
standard then has been typical over the
past 50 years
as a result they estimate such policies
will increase paid directly for 15% to
30% of the workforce and cities raising
their minimums and as much as 50% of the
workforce in some industries and regions
so directly some people will 15 to 30%
of people will directly see but the
ancillary effect of that is that 50
percent of the workforce in some
industries and reads so you you directly
raise 15 to 30 percent of the people's
pay but 50 percent of the people's pay
actually gets risen or raised by
contrast they said the federal and state
minimum wage increases between 1984 and
2014 increased paid directly for less
than 8% of the applicable workforce the
findings contrast cuz they didn't
remember they did study about Seattle
and they go oh Seattle's $15 wage hurt
everybody well these findings contrasts
with a study by University of Washington
economists last year that estimated
Seattle's 13 dollar minimum wage reduced
hours worked in low-wage jobs so that's
what they said last year that oh when we
raised the minimum wage the minimum wage
workers got less hours that's what
that's what that study last year said
but this study contradicts it saying the
Berkeley economist suggests that
Washington's the Washington study failed
to account for a Seattle area employment
boom at the time that led to workers
moving from low wage to higher wage jobs
so there you go every study I've ever
seen about the minimum wage talks about
the benefits it has to an economy
because all that money goes back into
the economy when you get a give it to
when Trump just gave this bill trillion
dollar tax cut that money doesn't go in
back into the economy but when you raise
the minimum wage that money does go back
in the economy it helps everybody so let
me throw it over to my my panel uh not
surprised right not surprised at all I
mean every single argument against
living wages is so easily debunk able
that it's almost laughable at this point
well
you give everyone living wages my Big
Macs gonna be $20 no it's not gonna be
because when the price of gasoline goes
up the price your big mat doesn't go up
right it'll just be adjusted elsewhere
that's totally not true and besides the
CEO is making about four hundred and
seventy five to one the average worker
we could change that a little bit oh
well it's meant for people that are just
working part-time like kids in school no
that's not true the point of a minimum
wage is to be a living wage and most of
the people working these jobs are trying
to support families I mean the list goes
on and on we could just go on and it's
just I love how people say the to your
point Ryan people go it's not supposed
to be a job where you raise kids of
McDonald's it's just for high school
kids oh really then why is height why is
McDonald's open during school hours
mm-hmm who's working there then dropouts
you know when we see anything about the
minimum wage that it has to be a livable
wage and what we find out that it 20
dollars an hour still isn't a livable
wage I think we were talking to
economists that recommend at least
twenty two dollars an hour would be more
commensurate with what somebody should
be paid and I just think like a person
is earning an hourly wage that money is
gonna go directly back into the economy
and that's what is necessary to rebuild
our economy and I just sit and I think
oh it's like slave labor that we're
having people work at seven dollars an
hour and and if they're making food
they're providing a really important you
know job so to me it they should be paid
they should be paid a livable wage and
that livable wage should be attached to
the cost of living and there should be
affordable housing and there's so many
things that go into this right a minimum
wage like Ron says supposed to be a
living wage we're supposed to give
people a living wage in the richest
country in the world you're not supposed
to have work for poverty wages at the
richest economy in the history of the
world but that is how we're doing it now
and everyone thinks well if you don't
like you go to school work harder well
turns out everybody is everyone did go
to school did work harder and
everybody's making less money we have
biggest income inequality this country
has ever seen bigger than the Gilded Age
we got to go back to the age of Pharaohs
to see income inequality big
than we're seeing right now so the last
time we saw this Teddy Roosevelt broke
up all the big companies so somebody
should come in and break up Amazon break
up facebook break up the banks break up
the defense contractors stop the wars
and put all the money back in the
economy that's what's neat that's called
a revolution and that's what needs to
happen and it's not happening Bernie
Sanders now wants you to go buy wood
you'll play play along with Chuck
Schumer we'll go with Chuck Schumer and
Andrew Cuomo and Nancy Pelosi who
already said she's gonna do Pago which
guarantees no progressive action could
ever happen as long as she's the leader
let's go let's go with them let's say
with them it's a dishonest thing for
people to say they're gonna take over
the Democratic Party that is dishonest
do you think that isn't honest that
people really think they're gonna take
over the democratic party by
telling them to vote for Nancy Pelosi
and Andrew Cuomo that's how you take
over anyway that I'm getting off on a
different topic we're talking about
hey the Democrats are they pushing for a
living wage do you see them at the top
of their lungs every atom shift Nancy
Pelosi Chuck Schumer they're always
screaming about a living wage oh no
they're not
oh no and there's the connection right
there there's they're not talking about
living wages and as Steph pointed out if
wages would have kept up with inflation
we would likely be over $20 an hour so
the fight for 15 which I am in support
of but but even the fight for 15 is not
asking for what we actually deserve and
they can't even come to that they're
saying that's not incremental enough so
they're not for living wages at all so
that's what the Democrats should be
screaming about that's how you oppose
Trump you oppose him with an alternative
plan that people are attracted to that
excites voters that's how you oppose
Trump you don't oppose Trump with
something that makes that turns people
off screaming Russia and that's what
that's what they're doing and you know
why because they don't have a plan why
because they're bought Bernie knows how
much they're bought that's why he ran
for president in the first place because
they're all bought and people needed an
alternative so I mean we were listening
to Chris Hedges book yes
farewell dia is it a fair colorful will
to write America the farewell tour
and they were talking about these cities
that were just shells of themselves
because the industry the car industry
went away so these entire cities and
these tire towns are decimated
economically because they no longer have
the factories so it's like that's our
that we were talking about how we're
model that's our the economic model our
capitalist all right think imma go in is
that the whim of a capitalist if a
capitalist can make a nickel more by
taking his company that employs the
whole town and moves it to Mexico that's
what happens in your town is out of
luck that's the way we're organizing our
economy at the whims of capitalists yes
yes and people say well the markets
perfect in America know the markets
brutal and it serves the handful of
people that's the criticism of
capitalism and it's correct it's
accurate
I think the invisible hand is gonna lift
all those people out of poverty any day
now I think here we are the richest
country in the world and half the
country is poorer low income in America
that's a failed system that's a failed
system and why is it failed so hard
because our government is bought by
corporations and the people who are
supposed to tell you about that are also
bought by those same corporations the
New York Times The Washington Post is
owned by Jeff Bezos he's the guy you're
supposed to be resisting he's the guy
we're supposed to be revolting against
he owns the goddamn media the pecan cast
they don't want you to have net
neutrality they own MSNBC if you're
against the war you get fired from MSNBC
this is the problem this is why we need
a revolution and this is why Bernie
missed his moment and is failing hard
hard if Bernie gets elected president
he's still gonna have a freaking house
full of Nancy Pelosi's and a Senate full
of Chuck Schumer's Gilliam the guy in
Florida he already switched on
single-payer he's back to he's now he's
going he's going along with the
corporate Democrats pushing for the ACA
reform
because if I go in the protest then the
police are gonna bash my head in there's
gonna be no consequence and oh there is
and we file a lawsuit against that
police force who's gonna pay for it the
police force no the people that's right
so you know what started occupied was
when people were protesting in New York
City and the white shirt lieutenant
Anthony Bologna decided to pepper spray
some women for absolutely no reason
right in their face and the cops all
stood around to watch them do it
all these grown big men watched another
guy brutalized women chemically assault
them and they didn't do a goddamn thing
abut there's your good guys and that's
cop mentality by the way I just want to
add to a couple years ago in California
that the grocery stores they were
thinking about going on strike to
improve their their wage and I and I
heard repeatedly well I don't make that
much and I don't get health care why
should they and that's the problem
instead of thinking wow if the workers
at Ralph's can make a breakthrough and
get a living wage and get some benefits
maybe I can do the same thing where I
work
except instead people buy into the
propaganda of being split with their
co-workers and worker against worker why
should they get that I don't get it
so instead of wanting to lift everybody
up they want to drag people down to
their level
which is exactly what the capitalists
want you should be in solidarity with
your workers but you're right that's how
dumb Americans are they'll vote for
 politicians who are gonna take
their right to unionize away look what
they just did in Michigan and in
Wisconsin and look at the south they
vote against their own interests all the
time and like Ron says right-to-work
means right to exploit you when people
are bet but people are easily
manipulated why because then we don't
have a meet that and I'm not blaming
those voters those voters are
manipulated by the press and the press
is owned by the people who want to take
their Union away there and I stand with
the teachers that want to go on strike
to get better wages and better
environment for their students because
when a teacher goes on strike they're
striking on behalf of the students and
don't listen to the that the
school district will say that they're
they don't care about the children guess
what
teachers have children too that are
going to those same districts by the way
and additionally we stand with the hotel
workers right now that are going strike
in Chicago because all these people are
sticking their chins out in this bleak
economy to rise to help their families
right to stand up it takes a lot of
courage right now does and that's how
they want us they all want us one
illness away from bankruptcy so you so
you can never strike that's a that's how
they want us wrong and to just put a
little bit of like you know kind of
insert some positivity like reasons to
be a little optimistic we are seeing
more striking than we've seen in years
and and there's probably a lot we're not
even hearing about it was a prison
strike there's a strike going on there's
the strike in Chicago there's the strike
at sun-maid raisins there's a there's a
couple other strikes going on right here
in California and I think people are
finally catching on on what
right-to-work really is too because in
Missouri they shot it down by a huge
margin that is a positive know shot what
down and was right-to-work but something
bad they shot it down they did yep they
shot it down in Missouri even minimum
wage when it's on the bat on the ballot
in Missouri helps people come out and
vote for the minimum wage so Missouri
which is consider the southern state
that's great to see them stand up and
give the and and stand up for unions
which is what that is right yeah well
there's that's that that's one way to
fight against the brutalities of
capitalism is to have a strong Union and
if we had strong unions and a strong
social safety net and lots of social
programs like FDR talked about and a
workers Bill of Rights and all that
stuff we would we would have a much
better form of capitalism capitalism
Marx predicted all this that's
happening right now all all people
treading water in America going bankrupt
eighty percent of workers living
paycheck to paycheck and then the cities
with their tax base hollowed out are now
privatizing all their services that was
predicted by Marx that capitalism would
eat the very foundation that supports it
which is what's happening look at
Chicago they're privatizing schools
parking meters sewer systems which is
the opposite of what we should do
should we privatize a fire department
should we privatize the police
department okay so by the way point of
this story minimum wage good for
everybody
higher minimum wage good for everybody
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
