hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest today he
began his career as an EMT at the age of
18 later he became a journalist exposing
political corruption and he's currently
serving as the mayor of Middletown
Connecticut and his next step is running
for governor of the state and he's here
to tell us why please welcome
progressive Dan drew hey Dan how are you
hey well thanks for coming on now listen
when I introduce someone as a
progressive I always have my little
things I asked them are you for are you
for a $15 minimum wage yes oh okay
fantastic single-payer health care
you're for single-payer not only am i
for single-payer but I think we have to
start implementing it at the state level
and I am the only candidate in the race
democrat or republican who is for real
universal single-payer health care and I
think we should do it right here
fantastic how about college how about
getting money out of politics
go for it I'm using a public financing
system to qualify for Clean Elections
grant and I'm working on gathering
together small dollar contributions that
will help me qualify so yes absolutely
all for it
and I think we should repeal Citizens
United Wow okay so what about college
tuition are you for a free public
college tuition I am for free public
college tuition for four-year
universities and community colleges and
I think we need to make a much more
significant investment in vocational
technical education at the secondary
level as well okay well I won't ask you
anything about foreign policy because
you're running for a state office so
that leaves so that's it seems like he's
covered his bases did I leave anything
out okay so I'll go ahead and say those
are progressive positions fantastic now
what what are you why are you running
for governor because we do everything
backwards in this country and we do
everything backwards in Connecticut we
do everything we can possibly do to help
the most elite people out there we do
everything possible to help the people
who don't need any help
and we forsake working people and I want
to change that I think we're only going
to do well and we're only going to be
successful
when we get back to ensuring that real
people who work every day for a living
have an opportunity to succeed and I
think when Connecticut and when the
United States have been successful in
the past it's when we've taken that kind
of policy approach we're not doing that
in Connecticut right now we're certainly
not doing that nationally right now and
I think we have an opportunity in this
state to be a leader nationally and to
start setting forward policies that are
going to help people in the middle class
and save them economically from the
disaster of the Trump administration and
the failures of the corporate Democratic
establishment that have taken place over
many years okay so you know I've heard
you use the term pro-growth progressive
Democrat can you can you explain what
that means so generally what I interpret
it to mean is that you believe in
building an economy from the ground up
that you believe in ensuring the small
businesses have an opportunity to
succeed and that people have an
opportunity to work so for example FedEx
Ground is building a quarter of a
billion dollar distribution hub here in
my city we worked hard to convince them
to use union construction workers to
build it so now this quarter of a
million dollar project is being put
together by a men and women from Central
Connecticut who are members of our local
trades unions and most of the wages on
that job are getting recycled back into
our economy in our local environment and
that's really helping us grow at the
grassroots level and naturally here
locally and that's really making us very
successful our unemployment is down our
bond rating is up and we're very healthy
as a result of those kinds of policies
so now oh you're running against a you
have a primary opponent who's a
corporate Democrat there are a few
floating around out there but somebody
just announced today who was part of the
the governor's current administration
and actually as mayor has worked to
eliminate collective bargaining and
binding arbitration in Connecticut and
that's a Democrat yes just announced
today how how does a person like that
call themselves a Democrat I don't know
isn't that that's I guess that's why
you're running right because that's that
sounds like a person who would
traditionally be a Republican someone
who's against collective bargaining
rights for workers
I don't know how I need any Democrat
could be against collective bargaining
rights I think you if you look at charts
you can literally track the economic
degradation in this country with the
decline in union membership the stronger
the unions are the better off we will
all be and this mayor did work to undo
collective bargaining as we knew it in
Connecticut so how is the Democratic
Party responded to your candidacy
regular grassroots Democrats have
responded very well I've gotten some
blowback from some other Democrats and
you know it's it's it's been mixed but
overall the voters the real people are
the ones that I respond to and the ones
I'm working for and the ones that I
think about when I wake up in the
morning so Michael Tracy uncovered a
letter that they were sending out to the
Democrats and saying that you better not
run in a way that hurts the Democrats
the corporate Democrats in the general
did you receive one of those letters I
have not received a letter like that at
all nobody's made any kind of demand
like that of me I think it's a terrible
thing to do and I think it bankrupts the
intellectual diversity within the party
and probably gives an advantage to
people who are already advantaged to
begin with and is an example of the kind
of backwards thinking that I was talking
about earlier so you seem to be at odds
with the party leadership of the last I
would say I don't know certainly the
last eight years probably be the last 28
years that your positions and the things
you're saying is is that odds with them
a hundred percent in fact they're more
likely to be on the same page as your
opponent who's against collective
bargaining Barack Obama famously didn't
lift a finger to help the teachers in
Wisconsin when they were getting their
collective bargaining rights tripped and
now here we are what four or five years
later and the the evidence is in $10,000
reduction in benefits and pay to the
average Wisconsin teacher right so I
think that's the problem with the
Democratic but why are you a Democrat
because we have to fix our society and
we need to get back to the issues that
the Democratic Party used to stand for
in a time
when Franklin Roosevelt was president my
Harry Truman was president the way that
we took care of unions then the way that
we approach the economy those are the
things that we need to do here now and
those are the issues that I'm fighting
for and that I care about and I want to
see change here in the state of
Connecticut and this is the way to do it
yeah I mean we're on board with your
prop program and your policies
you know progressive we're always for
that but right now people you know the
Democratic membership is at the altar
I'll very I don't know if it's an
all-time low but it's really low it's
like 27 percent more people consider
themselves independents than a member of
either party and Millennials and
majority of Americans want a third party
so I guess my question is why try to
fight this battle inside the Democratic
Party where they're gonna be you know
doing everything they can to thwart
someone like you why not go third party
because the Democratic Party has
traditionally stood for the right things
and I think it's only in the last few
decades that it's drifted away from that
kind of approach and I think it needs to
be that party again the problem right
now that we have I think and one of the
reasons the Democratic Party has lost so
many seats nationally and it's lost a
lot of seats in the legislature here in
etiquette as well is because we're not
giving people something to vote for
anymore what you used to do if we're
only giving people a lighter version of
what the Republicans are offering
because we think it's gonna placate the
media and the critics that we have on
the right then we're not motivating
anybody we're not giving anybody a
reason to get up in the morning on
Election Day or primary day and go to
the polls and select someone who's
really going to fight for their
interests and that's what we have to get
back to doing if we're going to be
successful I think that's what the
Democratic Party used to stand for and
that's what I want to see it stand for
again yeah I mean it definitely used to
stand for those things it's definitely
used to unfortunately the Democratic
well that's again I was gonna get back
to foreign policy because it's become
two parties there are per war and if we
can't end the senseless wars and cut the
depending on budget you know I remember
when Barack Obama was first elected
there were guys like Barney Frank
running around saying we need to cut the
Pentagon's budget by 25% and people said
what do you specifically you want to cut
hee
I don't know but I think that's a good
number to start with right because we
don't have an enemy anymore Russia who
is everybody's hair is on fire about
Russia they spent 65 billion dollars a
year on their military so they're a
paper tiger there's no real threat from
Russia or anybody else yet we just
decided to spend 80 billion more a year
on our military bringing it up to 700
billion dollars a year which I'm gonna
guess is about 600 billion more than we
need to spend so if we can I know you're
running for governor which doesn't have
anything to do with foreign policy but
you do have an influence on the
Democratic Party and if we can end those
foreign wars which Barack Obama ran on
ending those wars and he didn't right so
we're still in Afghanistan we're still
in Iraq we did Libya and we're still
everywhere now we're finding out we're
in this year we're helping Saudi Arabia
do a siege warfare in Yemen so there's
all this horrible stuff that's happening
that we're doing with our military money
and for no again no real enemy if we
could end those wars and bring the money
back home we could have universal health
care free college 15 that we can have
everything and and our infrastructure
could be built back up what what do you
say to people who say what do you say
about this what's the strategic
imperative what's the point in keeping
your country perpetually at war except
to find a giant war machine everything
about each of those conflicts that you
mentioned it certainly know something
about several of them but the simple
fact of the matter is that for a long
time we've extended our reach in many
many places in the globe without any
clear strategic but more importantly
moral imperative and that was one of
this country's greatest mistakes during
the Vietnam era there was no clearly
articulated strategy there was no
clearly articulated exit strategy and I
don't think there was a clearly
articulated imperative for what we hoped
to accomplish in the long run if that's
going to be a hallmark consistently of
our foreign policy then we're going to
get ourselves into trouble I think it's
indicative of a larger problem which is
this need by some on the political stage
to display this sort of you know toxic
masculinity internationally and to show
how tough they are and it's very easy to
be a tough guy when you're
someone else's child to do battle in
another part of the world if that's the
responsibility that you've been vested
with by the public it's a very serious
and solemn responsibility and there are
times certainly when it must be
exercised but it's got to be exercised
with discretion and appropriately and in
the pursuit of very clear moral and
strategic imperatives and I'm not sure
that that's the case everywhere we go
now or with everything that we're doing
right now so you know on your website
you mentioned working with FedEx to get
them to come to your town but you
insisted on the construction jobs being
Union so how first of all was that a
tough negotiation what we did was we
called them into we work very closely
with their executives and their
attorneys and their engineers all
throughout the process when they
committed to come to our community we
actually asked them to come in we had
their construction contractor come in to
City Hall I had a meeting with them I
invited all the trade union
representatives from the entire region
and I wanted to make sure that they gave
as many of our local people an
opportunity to work on the project as
possible and the company that was
overseeing the general contracting work
for FedEx actually ended up hiring Union
signatories for almost the entire job
the only portion of the job that wasn't
farmed out to a union contractor was the
steel work which was unfortunate we
tried to to get them to allow that but
everything else went to Union
contractors which meant that the workers
that built the project and it's very
nearly complete it'll be done next year
were from this region and are coming in
to Middletown every day to work are
making good wages are protected on the
job and have good working conditions so
correct me if I'm wrong I FedEx
ironically is not a union company
correct that's great so that was that
was something that just so cuz I was a I
work for UPS as a young man and I knew
they were Union and FedEx treats their
employees as contractors so that's kind
of uh how would you how did you how were
you able to pull off getting a non-union
company to build a facility with union
workers like doesn't that undermine
therefore their management philosophy
how did you pull that up well like I
said we work very closely with the
contractor and we showed them that there
was tremendous value in the ability and
the training and the skills of the union
workers to pull off the job as quickly
and as efficiently as possible
and that working very closely with them
would save a lot of money in the long
run you know one of the biggest things
and this is missed a lot I think by a
lot of public officials what matters to
a lot of huge companies more than
corporate welfare or some of the things
that go on is the ability to be up and
running by a particular date and by a
particular time so time is incredibly
valuable to them and time translates in
to real dollars for a lot of these
companies so having a unionized
workforce means that you get a
high-quality job the first time and that
means big time cost savings in the long
run and it means less opportunity cost
loss they can get going by the time they
mean to get going which means they can
be profitable by the time they mean to
be profitable and you get that
guaranteed when you hire a well-trained
union workhorse working with safe
conditions and good thing now besides
having someone like you specifically lob
Lobby individual projects on behalf of
union workers what could what could we
do collectively like what could you do
and what can progressives do to help
make it a more welcoming economy for
unions right now right like you've just
mentioned you know you you can track the
wages and unions and as unions go down
so the wages in fact the workers haven't
had a real wage increase since the
eighties right so what what do you think
we could do to help bolster unions and
union participation with the right to
work stuff and taking the collective
bargaining away what could we do the
help unions well I think it starts with
two key things one is defending them
wherever possible and two is denouncing
trickle-down economics whenever and
wherever possible because those two
things the abandoning of unions and the
reinforcement of the notion of
trickle-down economics are the found
of the destruction of the unionized
workforce across the entire country so
you know I remember I was in a meeting
probably about a year ago and there were
some Democratic candidates in there and
one of them asked some other people who
held elected office if they should stay
away from the unions because they were
afraid it was going to taint them with
the electorate and the answer one of the
other elected officials gave to their
credit was do not run away from the
unions they are good people
they work hard this is your base and
this is your working class anybody
that's going to respond to you because
you vote against unions or you work
against them is not with you to begin
with and all you're doing is destroying
the very people that you're supposed to
be serving as a Democrat so that
attitude is destructive the second thing
is the notion that trickle-down
economics works is tacitly accepted by a
lot of Democrats while it's explicitly
accepted by a lot of Republicans I
denounced it the other day because dr.
Arthur Laffer who developed the Laffer
curve and was Ronald Reagan's economist
was here in Connecticut with a
Republican candidate for governor no I
didn't know I denounced him publicly he
challenged me to a debate on a radio
show on Tuesday morning the host tweeted
at me that I've been challenged to a
debate and one to know if I would come
on the radio to do it
I said yes that I'd be willing to come
on either Wednesday morning or Thursday
morning and then all they needed to do
was schedule it with doctor laugher
doctor laugher still has not scheduled
it with me and this morning I received a
FedEx copy of his latest book and the
handwritten note inside the dust jacket
was Dan you can't balance a budget on
the backs of the unemployed Arthur
Laffer and when I get to debate him and
I hope it happens soon I will make the
case to him that yes he's right you
cannot balance a budget on the backs of
the unemployed which is why we can't
engage in trickle-down economics because
it only leads to more unemployed people
and the people who are working working
lower wages so if you can eradicate
those two notions from day one then
you're in a position where you make it
socially and culturally acceptable to
stand with working people you shouldn't
be afraid of that
and that's a huge part of the problem
with a lot of Democrats
there is they get afraid to say these
things because they're afraid they're
gonna be yelled at by Republicans
they're afraid they're gonna be shouted
down by conservatives and I say who
cares these people are never with you
we're never going to be with you and if
you're a Democrat and you're going to go
through the misery of running for public
office and being away from home to do a
difficult job for very little money you
should be doing it for the right reasons
so if we're not gonna do it
to stand up for the people who need our
help then what the hell are we even
doing to begin with I couldn't agree
with you more so that that's fantastic
