everybody welcome to Jimmy doors show
you know what's happening in California
we are a supermajority Democrat state in
the state legislature with a Democratic
governor yet we can't seem to gain any
progressive policies past especially
Medicare for all which is what we tried
to get in California and there was a
bill that came out of the state Senate
here for that was gonna give
single-payer to everybody and Anthony
Rendon who's the Assembly Speaker one of
most powerful Democrats in the cut in
the state in the country - he killed it
he killed the bill and so someone is now
running against him because of that
and she's running for assembly in
California's 63rd district she's here
with us now it's Maria Estrada hey Marie
how are you I'm great
how are you doing it's good to see you
again you but you've been here before
you've been back on this show and then
and then you went ahead and you did
really well in your primary yes and now
here you are it's again you went against
Anthony Rendon Anthony Rendon being the
evil corporatist
who killed single-payer he'll here in
California we've done videos about it
and he's a really bad liar because you
see right through him when he's lying
about it and he can't make eye contact
he's he's got a million tells if you
know anything about guys a lie he's got
a million tells at flies arms crossed
yeah yeah oh the whole thing and he
couldn't and so so you Boop finished in
the top two we have a weird system in
California everybody runs in the same
primary whether you're a Democrat
Republican or independent and in the top
two runoff in the fall so you're in the
top two now Anthony Rendon is a super
powerful corporate Democrat but you have
a real chance to beat him right and now
tell us tell us about that how do you
think you're gonna beat him well we
actually had the highest increase in
voters in the state we had a the state
was down 12% in voters we were up over
90% in my district no kidding and so you
got people to come vote free so you
actually did what we tell Democrats
they're supposed to do is half the
country is in voting why don't you focus
on those people and excite them with a
message and you did it yeah we we spent
$10,000 he spent five hundred thirty six
thousand dollars ah and he got a forty
six percent of the vote I got twenty
nine percent of the boat Oh overall okay
with the Republican so the fact that
he's under fifty percent means that he's
uh he's very vulnerable vulnerable right
now yeah yeah so so we're really happy
with the results and it was actually
just me and like five other people
knocking on doors walking and right so
you had him you have a message and
people are sick and tired of the
corporate Democrat and son of a gun if
you didn't didn't finish second and now
you get to go head-to-head so this is
what we've been urging people to do have
a strong clear message and you do have a
strong clear message you don't take any
guff from those corporate Democrats do
you okay so so people know just your
dear the real you're a real progressive
year for single-payer medical Medicare
for all I take no corporate money you
take no promote grassroots I'm from the
neighborhood I would staff went to
school there and I'm just a regular
person I'm an activist grandma and just
I'm not a politician and I'm just here
to fight for my community really and the
injustice is that are going on
environmentally there's a lot of
corruption in the local government
that's just blatantly out there and
people are you know I think a little
afraid to speak out and you know
everybody's trying to get by and pay
their bills and and it's really I mean I
went to a city council meeting in Bell
last week and I mean we left at 10:45 at
night and it was still going
so toto so people are interested because
people have real problems correct and
corporate Democrats like Anthony Rendon
who you're running against is are not
they're not meeting their needs at all
right no and I believe I said this last
time I was on here his a position in the
party is to fundraise um although that's
now backfiring him with on a b84 I was
in Sacramento for that hearing for what
a be 84 and that bill is the one that's
gonna actually allow the minimum
donation from forty four hundred thirty
six thousand five hundred dollars
however the money could go directly to
the Senate Pro Tem and the speaker on
the damn side and the Republican side so
it would be literally four people that
would be in control of the money so
it would actually circumvent the
California Democratic Party completely
and the money would go directly to them
and they could actually decide who they
help me there's a bill a B 84 so
Assembly Bill 80 84 a b a b 84 84 and
the bill was co-sponsored by then Don so
given the co-sponsored by your opponent
Anthony Rendon and this bill would take
to do what with campaign money it would
actually the money the the corporations
could donate the money but it would go
directly to a fund that the Senate Pro
Tem and the speaker would handle the
money why it would bypass the part they
they wouldn't need to go through the
party at all it could go to them and the
conflict is is that illegal mm not if
that bill passes so what would happen is
because I was at the hearing is that the
concern for the Democratic Party is is
because they're adamantly against it and
progressives have united with the
Democratic Party to stop it and the
difference is that we're not uniting for
the same reasons we want money out of
politics completely I don't think they
care that the fact that it's going to go
from 4400 max donation at 36 5 is a
concern their concern is they're going
to get bumped back in line over access
of that money so they they just want to
be in the front line of the trough of
the of the money pit that they have you
know used for whatever they want and
those contributors to that trough are
the people that are poisoning our
communities so they don't really care
where the money comes from they just
want to be the ones to control the purse
strings so that's that's actually a
conflict right now between the speaker
and the party and so we went to go speak
out against it and the fact is nobody's
representing my community the
corporation's all have representation in
the local government and by the speaker
and this would just exacerbate that so
and so why do you think it's this has
gotten absolutely zero media coverage
yeah I have just first I'm hearing of it
well SB 560 didn't get a lot of media
coverage
well I knew about it well that's why
we're in a bubble you know we got to
recognize that we're all in a bubble
here we we're very knowledgeable about
certain things that are going on
politically but if I go like
if I go to my community and I tell them
I'm progressive they really don't care
if I'm progressive right they just want
to know what I'm gonna do for the
community and how I intend on doing it
all of this other stuff whether you're
dam or all of that that's that's not
really relevant to them because they're
just trying to get by I mean if I tell
them I got endorsed by our revolution
they don't give a
mm-hmm you ever don't it's a matter of
what you gonna do for that community
they don't even know what our revolution
is there is no actually no our
revolutions in my district so it's it's
a whole different mentality but then on
the day is most people aren't that
politically savvy to even know what's
what that's about
okay so that's how a lot of times
they're able to pass a lot of bills
through and well he killed that bill
that Friday at 5:00 with bill SB 562 you
mean the same pair and he thought nobody
was gonna pay attention but we were all
paying attention today and he didn't
expect that blowback that was like cory
booker didn't expect that blowback when
he voted against real protection of
drugs that would have lowered the price
of prescription drugs for americans he
voted against it and he had already got
over a quarter million dollars so cuz he
takes all the money from fartist
pharmaceutical so what's a thony wreden
what it so is his big corruption the
health insurance companies in big pharma
like everybody else well right now
there's a there's an exit plan i don't
know if you guys heard about it was in
burning it was functioning for 33 years
without a proper permit no cal/osha
was in in the building knew that the
employees were being exposed to
dangerous levels of lead and cited him
but never shut him down and then AQMD
found out about it and did nothing so
the community was up in arms about it
because they knew something was wrong
and finally the US attorney came in and
shut him down and what happened was the
community kind of shamed Governor Brown
to come to to help them because
thousands and thousands of homes have
been contaminated with lead and there
are no safe levels of lead so when he
came down at the time the estimate to
clean it up was half a billion dollars
he allotted a hundred and seventy six
million dollars
to clean that up and Christina Garcia in
the 58th district wrote the bill that
taxes all of us Californians 176 million
dollars and alleviated them from
financial responsibility for the cleanup
of being sued because the litigation it
would take too long and they're gonna
focus on the cleanup so you fast fo
where this two years ago you fast
forward to June of this year is the last
the set of numbers that I got they've
tested 7500 homes of those 7500 97
percent of those homes for sure have led
only 270 homes have been cleaned and
when I say cleaned they take up the soil
in the in on the property but the
Parkway the grass in front of your on
your sidewalk by the street is not being
cleaned plus the light goes on your roof
and it seeps down into your attic
eventually it's gonna go back in the
house they're not cleaning that either
so they haven't finished tenting these
homes and USC is doing a study with this
organization called East yard
communities for environmental justice
which is a really badass group of people
that are you know basically active in
informing the communities and the
business owners about what's going on
and they do study with us seed asking
people for their baby teeth of their
children and 100 percent of the baby
teeth are positive for let so these kids
already have this in their system it's
in their brain it's in their organs and
that causes behavioral and learning
problems so that's happening in your
district than anything Rendon's he's not
he's not helping he's actually well
nobody's going to after them for
financial reparations to get this
cleaned up and paid for nobody's going
after people need to be in prison for
this right and nobody's going after
these people so I went to 2 3 meetings
in a week and there was one that was
that I didn't go to that Rand on and
Christina Garcia like hosted and the
first thing some gentleman comes up and
against the mic and he says X I file
bankruptcy so they don't have money so
we can't expect them to give the money
well they didn't file bankruptcy that's
a lie they filed reorganization and they
had a they had to shut down their plant
but they're just opening one up in
Kansas City Missouri and their sales is
up 20% this quarter from life
a year ago the same quarter so their
stocks going up so they're doing well
they have money they have one point nine
million dollars in assets right now so
so they they have money to pay for this
and yet not not Governor Brown not the
DA not the Attorney General which was a
Kamala Harris and now Xavier Becerra
nope not Rendon not Garcia none of them
are going after this company those
people that you know this is now two
generations of people being exposed to
this toxic in their bodies and in
their homes and nobody's doing anything
to protect them Wow so I didn't even
know that was again that's something
else that gets absolutely no media
coverage that's happening right so
that's in your district yep well it
happened in burning which is right next
door
uh-huh but it's it's all there Tim Boyle
Heights in his East LA it's imbalance it
could may wet oh yeah yeah and be based
on the wind patterns that's also how far
it goes so they're saying they're only
going to go like 1.7 mile radius but the
further they got more homes but who's
gonna pay for that so they're not gonna
want to test all that Wow sort of people
so the people know about this and oh
they're finding out I'm making sure
about it I mean East Yards holding
events in the communities will inform
East yard that the organization yeah
East yard community for environmental
justice okay and they're doing like they
have these programs with kids that are
in college doing these studies on the
environment on the food that you know
food deserts that we have out there
where people can't get fresh fruit and
vegetables they're just involved in a
lot of stuff in the community southeast
LA well from Port of Long Beach all to
LA we have the worst air you know
pollution you know we got respiratory
issues I got connected to a woman by the
name of Anthony Jurg and she's a chemist
and she was telling me that at least
eleven hundred people a year die from
respiratory issues because our air is so
bad we probably have the worst area in
the country and people just don't talk
about it so they want to in Bell semak's
wants to do an asphalt facility in Bell
and bells exposed to already all kinds
of stuff having a lot of problems and I
went to the City Council meeting and
basically the
city attorney in the mayor kind of
bashed east yard because east yard filed
a injunction against them to stop them
like to go to court to stop them this
from happening and they were basically
saying that East yard didn't act in good
faith and they were like going to bat
for semak's and one of the City Council
members said well we know that it's you
know health issues or the environmental
issues but this is this needs to happen
because we need the money because we all
know what happened in bail so you know
it's almost like these people can't get
catch a break because they're getting it
one side or the other and nobody's
fighting for him but you are fighting
for the people and how's your cut hours
your campaign being received we I mean
majority has been very positive we've
we've gotten a lot of positive feedback
I raise money oh yeah yeah weird I mean
how much what do you think it would take
to run to run a race again well I
actually raised ten thousand for my race
and he's spent five hundred thirty six
thousand so you know money does help
obviously you need yard signs and stuff
because I didn't put up not one yard
sign no emails no texts this is just us
on on the ground so basically that's
that's what's what's the most important
but we need you know obviously gonna
need yard signs or whatever but I had my
people the night before the election out
to 11:30 at night putting up banners you
know all through the community and they
were up at 6:30 morning on the freeway
on-ramps holding up banners oh great so
I was in ice cream trucks going around
with the megaphone telling people that
they have power and they take a vote and
then when people come in the ice cream
truck I'd peep out has to take their
order
i buy the my ice cream and tell them
about health care and environmental
issues and then I'm running to fight for
them and so do you we just did use
whatever its worst we could to get it
done I mean you got to do what you got
to do so
okay well Maria Estrada fantastic I mean
the people responded well to the first
time we had you on the show I'm sure
they'll love you again she's running
California 63rd district yeah her
opponent Anthony Rendon is the guy who
killed single payer here in California
what else do you need to know
Maria Estrada thanks for coming in
what's your website Maria for Assembly
org and it's fo our Maria for assembly
org go there donate but volunteer help
out okay thanks for being our guest
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
