I'm ready welcome to the Jimmy Dore Show
I'm here with Ron cone and steps
Amaranto hi
i'm mezrab all hello so I wanna we were
away for the weekend and we haven't
covered this story that everyone else is
already covered but here we go
molar indict 12 Russians which is funny
to indict 12 Russians what don't you out
you indict 12 more people who will never
see the inside of a courtroom molar
indict 12 Russians for dnc hacking as
Trump Putin summit looms and this is
what it says this is from political it
says Rosenstein said the Russian stole
and release democratic documents after
planting malicious computer codes in the
network of the Democratic National
Committee as well as the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee now
here's the problem with that the last I
heard and I haven't heard anything
counter to this the deed and see never
allowed the FBI nor the Department of
Homeland Security to inspect their
servers have you heard anything contrary
to that stuff how about you Ron if you
have anything contrary to that I've been
looking if they're if they have finally
looked at their server please send me a
link to that story because I can't find
anything that says they have so I don't
know how you could have any confidence
and anything that these people are
saying when the last look the
information we have is they've never
inspected their servers and the company
that that a private company the DNC
hired a private company called crowd
snake which is a very shady company to
do this so this is not how you do an
investigation so it's all shady right
off the top brought off the bat and this
is not defending Trump this is again we
should be talking about how to give
people liveable wages how to get 30
million Americans who don't have health
care health care how to get clean water
and Flint how to break up the banks how
to end the wars instead we're talking
about this because the system in the
establishment doesn't want you to talk
about the system and the establishment
that gave us Donald Trump remember the
reason why we have Donald Trump is
because Hillary Clinton cheated Bernie
Sanders the guy who could beat him
favor of someone who couldn't the only
person in the country who couldn't and
then they get all their minions in the
press to prop up Donald Trump that's
called the Pied Piper strategy those are
the people who are responsible right
brusha had much less to do you we have
it we have audio tape of Les Moonves the
head of CBS saying Trump's bad for
America but he's great for CBS profits
and he's lying there all laughing about
it so again this is all to me this is
all distraction from the real things
we're supposed to be talking about that
the establishment and the system don't
want you talking about but let's get
back to this so again right off the bat
they did weren't allowed to so that's my
firt again and you have to be skeptical
of the intelligence community if you're
not skeptical of the intelligence
community then you're a dupe and a pawn
because they're liars
and what they did to do with Iraq they
do all the time their torturers war
criminals that's what the CIA is okay so
this is from CNBC CNBC says the
indictment lodged by a federal grand
jury in Washington DC accuses the
Russian spies of hacking into the
Democratic National Committee and the
presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton
and of releasing emails attained from
that cyber snooping with a goal of
influencing the election now let's say
that that's true let's just say that's
true that's what intelligence agencies
do that's what we do that's why we had a
tap on Angela Merkel's phone that's why
we decide about Reid regime change
that's why we so this is what
superpowers do that's that's a matter of
quit this isn't if that if that is true
which they did that's just what well let
me go ahead Ron well I was just gonna
add and maybe if they weren't trying to
actively cheat a candidate the content
in them wouldn't have been so outrageous
right so again we have to remember what
they're accused of doing is revealing
the truth about what was really going on
and as Ron just pointed out that they
were cheating the
progressive in that campaign that was
the big that was one of the big things
so by the way Rosenstein added that the
indictment does not allege that any US
citizen committed a crime nor that the
conspiracy changed the vote count or
affected any election result that's
immediately buried a few paragraphs down
again
hey he's Russia trying to hack things in
America yeah I'm sure of it
oh do you think the u.s. is trying to
hack any other country sure of it I'm
sure of it of course that's the way so
let's just finish this real quick Rosa
so there you go
the Russians well this is this is new
this is new in the indictment the
Russians also illegally downloaded data
related to some 500,000 voters from a
state database he charged now I haven't
seen any evidence of that happen if you
Ron
no have you so that's it Anand I can I
don't know what the evidence is for that
if that happened that they downloaded
data related to 500,000 voters from a
state database what and then what did
they do with that dad they look at it
and maybe made paper airplanes and maybe
it influenced Tammy more too while many
of the indictments details confirmed
previous news reports and other
assessments it dramatically shifts the
context from Trump's up chips the
context for Trump's upcoming meeting
with Putin whom US intelligence services
have concluded was behind the 2016
election of President while many of the
indictments details canisters before
Trump had his Putin meeting in Helsinki
this report from political came out it
dramatically shifts the context for
Trump's upcoming upcoming meeting with
Putin so when I read that and when I
heard about this indictment on the eve
of Trump's meeting with in Helsinki with
Putin I immediately thought of this when
Chuck Schumer went on Rachel Maddow last
year and said the
on the intelligence community this was
history just a little while ago tonight
in did you see the scare codes there the
intelligence briefing on so-called
Russian hacking was delayed until Friday
perhaps more time needed to build the
case very strange we're actually told
intelligence sources tell NBC news since
the street has been posted that actually
this intelligence briefing for the
president-elect was always planned for
Friday and hasn't been delayed he's
taking these shots as antagonism you're
taunting but the intelligence are you
know you take on the intelligence
community they have six ways from Sunday
it's getting back at you so even for a
practical supposed that's Chuck Schumer
the leader of the Democrats in the
Senate saying that the president should
be afraid of the intelligence community
of the people who work of CIA the FBI he
should be afraid of them the NSA because
they have six ways to Sunday to get back
at you and that's when I was like well
why why would he drop this by the way
this indictment is of two people in the
Russian millipede the inside of a
courtroom so will never be able to prove
these charges or not or disprove these
charges kind of interesting huh then
they would do it on the eve of Trump's
Helsinki meeting and what and I thought
about what he said they have six ways to
Sunday to mess with you
sounds like this is sabotaging Trump's
meeting with Putin and it did does
anyone else remember him saying that
does anybody else remember that that
should be a super huge deal and it's not
and this is not defending trope
goddamnit this is the establishment
distracting you once again by the way
and this indictment uh it's just I I'm
so sick of this Hillary Clinton
lost the campaign because she didn't go
to descanse and she didn't go to
Michigan because Hillary Clinton is
repulsive to people and when she
campaigns her numbers go down
Hillary Clinton has never in the history
of Hillary Clinton been able to take
poll numbers and make them go up when
she campaigns they go down that's why
she lost I thought it was I thought it
was Bernie Sanders I thought it was
sexism I thought it was Bernie bros I
thought it was Susan Sarandon I thought
it was me I thought it was the Pope but
no it's Burt's Russia Russia overcame a
two million dollar behemoth two billion
dollar campaign let's remember how kind
of ridiculous this all is and some
impact but it does beg the question how
is it that these Russian operatives knew
to focus on purple states like Michigan
and Wisconsin and your campaign didn't
so again the and there's nothing in
these indictments have anything to do
with collusion with members that was the
big thing it was collusion with Trump it
was Trump and Russia and WikiLeaks all
working together there's nothing in this
indictment that says anything about that
and in fact I'll show it to you again
here's what Rosenstein says that the
that this indictment does not allege
that any US citizen committed a crime
nor that the conspiracy changed the vote
count or affected any election results
well let's spend every waking second of
the day then pretending like this is
Perl oh by the way they were eight
they're saying this is an act of war
it's Pearl Harbor this is normal
and I'm gonna have bill Binney on a lot
later and I'm gonna ask him that if this
is normal stuff because this is normal
stuff Jimmy remember a simpler time when
it was only the right that used these
excessive nationalists yes arguments of
yes greater your treason is you're a
traitor to the country remember when
only the right did that yes I do
remember that I remember do you remember
do you remember this rod this is to
Russia
but this is without question our number
one geopolitical foe after all you don't
call Russia our number one enemy unless
you're still stuck in a cold war my
dwarf Governor Romney is mired in a Cold
War mindset he's even blurted out the
preposterous notion that Russia is our
number one political geopolitical foe
it's somewhat dated to be looking
backwards the statements that Governor
Romney makes show little understanding
of what is actually going on in the 21st
century it's a really curious statement
given that the Cold War has been over
for some time a throwback to the Cold
War we work with Russia all the time
he's not a dumb man but he said
something that was clearly done is it
antiquated worldview is he trying to
play Ronald Reagan here what's he up to
the 1980s are now calling to ask for
their foreign policy back well my
favorite tweets if you don't remember
thinking of much about Russia prior to
2016 and now you think about it a lot
more that's your first clue that you've
been propagandized it's the same country
it was in 2015 the threat it poses
hasn't changed only the narrative has oh
and our military budget the same goddamn
country it was and if you really want
something I'm gonna do a video about
this because this is a very interesting
story if you want to know who really
influences our country's elections and
our country's policies leaked Netanyahu
tape we made Trump nix the Iran deal
that's not gonna no one's talking about
that no one will talk about that no one
will talk about the nine businesses that
Trump opened up in Saudi Arabia during
the campaign no one will talk about that
no one will talk about this no one will
talk about the fact that general Flynn
who got who got indicted for lying to
the lying about talking with Russians he
was talking with Russians at the behest
of Betterman Benjamin not Netanyahu he
was doing the bidding of the frickin
Israel no that's not again this is over
to me I can't even watch the news or
it's hard for me to watch the news or
read the dude or even talk to people
this is what it must have felt like when
Edward our Murrow would end every show
saying good night and good luck
during the McCarthyism Red Scare and by
this this is the establishment and this
this is working so well because the
elites in the Republican Party also hate
Donald Trump so you have guys like war
mongers like Bill Kristol and max boot
and and Kissinger and all those cretins
going along with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer and Rachel Maddow so that's why
this is working perfectly and now
there's pushback from the GOP they're
starting to do their own McCarthyism
here it comes
this is the real McCarthyism though
because they're calling people
communists what the Democrats and the
left and the establishments doing right
now they're just saying they're bad cuz
they're Russia because of Putin they're
not saying communists because guess what
they're not communists anyway agio this
is from the hill GOP lawmakers accuses
ex-cia chief of being a communist after
he calls Trump pooting Putin meeting
treasonous innocent I love this tweet in
a show of bipartisanship the GOP is now
using the neo McCarthyite attack that
liberals have been utilizing for almost
two years so now it's gonna I I can't
believe they've been waiting this long
to do this this is what the right-wing
used to do to Democrats all the time and
lefties accuse them of being communists
of choosing upon undermining our way of
life accusing them not being capitalist
accusing them of wanting to infiltrate
all that stuff and there's one more
thing Michael Tracy tweeted out it's not
surprising that Putin would express a
preference so Putin expressed in 2012
that he was in favor of Obama becoming
president he expressed a preference for
Obama over Romney but nobody noticed
because there wasn't a national mania at
the time here it is this is from foreign
policy is from foreign policy calm
Vladimir Putin whoa was the only foreign
leader mentioned by name in Romney's
convention speech so it makes sense that
he takes the US race a bit personally
meaning Putin the Russian president
suggested an interview with the
satellite network RT that Obama would
probably be easier to work with than the
candidate who was who has described his
country as America's number one
geopolitical foe is it possible to find
a solution to the problem if current
President Obama is re-elected for a
second term theoretically yes Putin said
he continued my feeling is that he is a
very honest man and that he sincerely
wants to make many good changes but can
he do it will they let him do it
that's Putin saying he'd rather have
Obama be president where's all the gay
memes between Obama and having sex with
Putin whatever what how come they didn't
do that because there wasn't cuz Hillary
Clinton hadn't hadn't yet lost to a game
show host
that's why and we were still working
with the Russians by the way there still
are there still McDonald's in Russia and
there's still KFC and Russia are they
still doing business in Russia rather
still hotels there are still Hyatts and
stuff and idiots so here we are I'll
throw it over to our panel and any
comments on that I mean macum I've never
seen this on anywhere except Michael
Tracy's feed nobody contracted those
memes from us we have no it's I'm I was
off the grid when all this went on to
Monday Tuesday and and I what little I
saw on social media I kind of thought to
myself I could not have picked a better
day yeah this year today was big off the
grid and just just keep it away for a
day this is depressing it's it's good
and it's getting worse it's not getting
better and they'll just never have to
own up to that we have trump because our
system failed us and 30 million
americans still don't have health care
half the country's poor or low-income
63% of Americans can't afford $1,000
emergency those are the problems America
has
hey please make sure you subscribed even
if you think you are you probably are it
only takes a second to check and then
click that bell to make sure you get a
notice every time we drop a video they
won't they won't tell you every time
anyway but it's the only thing we can do
to fight back against the bastard so
please make sure you're subscribed and
click that bell and our next live show
is July 15th in Chicago and after that
July 27th in Burbank California special
guests on that show Abby Martin and if
you could become a patron that would be
fantastic we give you hours of bonus
material every week thanks for your
support
[Music]
