everybody so you know predatory
capitalism pays well if you eliminate
your competition you operate at a loss
you manipulate the tax the tax laws in
different states so you don't you can
undermine brick-and-mortar stores well
guess what happens then guess what
happens
Jeff Bezos richest person in history of
the world richer than any King in the
history of the world richer than anybody
there it is predatory capitalists and
owner of the washington post's so this
guy is literally and he looks like dr.
evil he shaves his head so he'd go like
this hmm
so he's worth over a hundred billion
dollars a hundred billion so if you
spent a billion dollars of a week oh my
god think about how much money that is
he wouldn't couldn't spend it all in a
year I'd have to take him so there he is
the richest person in the world and you
know how they do it right they'd get
like I said predatory capitalism they
get rid of unions they undermine the tax
bases and local municipalities they
squeeze they bribe politicians and
that's why I bought the Washington Post
so he'd keep influencing politicians
politics he's also on the board a
pentagon he's on a pennant he's in bed
with the penet gone and he's in
bed with the CIA to the two to six
hundred million dollars a year and
Washington Post doesn't seem to have a
critical story of him isn't that weird
The Washington Post doesn't have a
critical story it's like if Trump bought
that Washington Post and they never
wrote a negative story but that's what
Trump should've did cuz it only cost two
hundred million dollars his deal with
the CIA he's worth three times that or
250 whatever he paid for it who wasn't
much it wasn't much the guy's worth a
hundred billion dollars he paid two
hundred and fifty million dollars for
the Washington Post that's nothing
that's nothing and so why do I bring
this up listen from the Columbus
Dispatch Amazon makes lists of large
companies with workers receiving food
stamps so how do you how do you make the
richest man in the world the richest man
in the world
on the backs of poverty wages by
exploiting people not giving people a
living wage that's how you do it you
think some of that if he took fifty
billion dollars and spread her around
its company I bet everybody could have a
living wage from now until the Year 2500
but that's not how capitalism works
capitalism works like this one guy gets
all the money and all the people who
generate it get and that's what's
happening Amazon has become one of
Ohio's largest employers
after receiving tens of millions of
dollars in state tax incentives really
for building warehouses data centers and
other projects along the way I wonder
how much they had to bribe politicians
to get those tax incentives I wonder how
much money they bribe cuz that's how
Jeff Bezos does his business by bribing
people and and creating monopolies he's
not a you know if that's what makes you
a good businessman well Jimmy let's not
forget there are about five cities right
now doing the exact same thing trying to
you know I did the other one to get
Amazon to have a presence in their town
I wonder if they're gonna see this
article I wonder if they're gonna see
how it's working out for a while let's
say let's have Amazon come and lower
lower our standard of living because
that's what they do now the only giant
has the online giant has quickly made
its way onto another list one charting
the state's employers with the most
workers and their family members who
also qualify for food stamps so this is
the world we're in now since Ronald
Reagan since 1980 when they started
supply-side trickle-down economics and
well it started with Jimmy Carter
getting rid of the regulation around
trucking Edie Ted Kennedy getting rid of
the regulations around Airlines Ronald
Reagan firing the patco the airline
controller at traffic controllers
decimating unions and Democrats going
right along with it and not standing up
well 30 40 years later what's the result
the result is we have a two-tiered
Society we have no middle class anymore
we have rich and poor that's what that's
where 63% of the country can't afford
$1,000 emergency in the richest country
in
the world this is the results and
everybody pull Jeff Bezos great job I
love Jeff but Jeff Bezos
is what's wrong with the goddamn economy
Jeff Bezos is what's wrong
and the people who prop him up I would
like to see a reporter at the Washington
Times write a critical story about Jeff
Bezos
and they won't because their ball is
their bolus that's they get into
journalism to do journalism and
what they're really doing is chasing a
paycheck they still get to write good
stories but not about the main guy it's
like hey you can come write stories
about Nazi Germany but nothing about
Hitler okay that's what's going on at
the Washington Post and they're the ones
that people think we need to look to to
a post Trump we need to oppose Jeff
Bezos we need a newspaper to stand up to
Jeff Bezos because this is what your
country is what happens to your country
when you let like Jeff
Bezos on the paper of note bribe every
goddamn politician and create monopolies
do you know half of all internet
purchases in the United States go
through amazon.com you don't think we
should break that up I do but we're
ain't gonna do it because the Democrats
and Republicans worship corporate power
we don't have a government anymore that
represents people this is not a
democracy how many times we have to tell
you they've studied this
it's an oligarchy what we want has no
effect on the policies past perfect
example gun legislation after Sandy Hook
90% of the country wanted gun
legislation we didn't get it 80% of the
people wanted a public option we didn't
get it over half the country wants
Medicare for all we ain't giving it what
do you call that you call that an oleg
Archy that's not a democracy that's not
a government that reflects the will of
the people it's the exact opposite it
screws over the will of the people at
the behest of money and Jeff Bezos
people can't line up to kiss his balls
hard enough Amazon had 1400 this is the
story in America and it's not being told
by The Washington Post it's not being
told by the New York Times it's not
being told here it is we got a local
paper
Columbus Dispatch they're gonna tell it
and Amazon had 1430 workers and family
members receiving benefits as of August
the group said Friday
a typical Food Stamp beneficiary
receives benefits for about two people
meaning Amazon likely has about 700
workers receiving food stamps more than
10% of its Ohio workforce the richest
guy in the world
the people who make his profits are in
poverty nobody has a problem with that
nobody says hey that's kind of effed up
maybe we should
I'm sure Rachel Maddow and Chris Heiser
because Chris Hayes is an old Union
reporter I bet he's gonna be screaming
about it no to be eligible for food
stamps a family of three could make no
more than twenty six thousand two
hundred and eight dollars a year or
about twelve dollars and sixty cents an
hour for someone working forty hours a
week
oh my god so someone working for the
richest capitalist in the history of the
world doesn't even make a $12.60 an hour
yep that's prettier there's a little bit
more to this Walmart the state's top
private employer with fifty thousand
workers also has the most employees and
their families getting food stamps so
our big employer so it used to be what I
grew up Sears Roebuck was the big
employer Sears right and guess what
Sears did it paid a living wage to every
person who worked at their goddamn store
because we used to have this idea that
workers got to have a living wage in
America and they got to participate and
enjoy some of the profits of their labor
that stopped in 1980 coincidentally that
stopped so that is no longer when I was
a kid you could go be a guy aside who
sold shoes at Sears and make a living
and have a family and a car and go on
two weeks vacation every year you could
sell appliances you could sell lawn
equipment you could sell men's suits you
could do all that stuff at Sears and
make a living wage
now you work at Walmart it's the worst
job in the goddamn City the biggest
lawyer gives you slave wages poverty hey
want to come work for us and being in
poverty that's our big success that's
capitalism's big success stories Walmart
and base and Bezos Amazon
those are capitalism's big success
stories what does it tell you about
capitalism it's up and here's a
guy Dylan Ratigan who I love who told
the truth about the banks on MSNBC so
he's got to do his news reports from a
dock on a lake and here's even he can't
help I love Dylan it can't help give it
a tongue bath - Jeff Bezos Jeff Bezos is
not a good guy Jeff Bezos is the face of
evil right now you remember what Amazon
would rather do at their fulfillment
centers at their warehouses instead of
putting an air conditioner in there they
would rather hire an ambulance to sit
outside their warehouse and when someone
passes out they drive them to the
hospital because that costs less money
that's capitalism that's capitalism
that's Jeff Bezos yay what's Dylan
Ratigan he's gonna tell you the problem
after a tongue bath here we go the real
issue in America is the concentration of
resources in an incredibly small number
of hands whether it's Google and
Facebook whether it's the two political
parties in our political system or
whether it's what's happening with
Amazon a beautiful vision and incredible
and executive an incredible executive an
incredible company a beautiful executive
what the what what what is great about
this this kills our economy so I'm sure
he means it in a different way than I'm
hearing it because there's nothing good
about what Jeff Bezos is doing he's
creating he's undermining local tax
bases
he's bribing politicians he's buying the
paper of note he's in bed with the deeps
what the eff is and he's making all his
employers employees in poverty what is
good about that yeah he has an
incredible vision of how to over
the country because that while enriching
himself kind of a vision is that
well the vision of an evil genius that's
the vision of a genius you know
yes while he undermines at the tax base
of local municipalities takes good jobs
to turn him into shitty ones while he
becomes the richest person in the
history of the world
that's a beautiful vision for a
evil genius exactly what Ron said so
here now we're gonna get to the good
part but a disastrous effect on our
society as we're seeing the complete
concentration of power so I just gotta
ask that cause two things be the same
how could it be a beautiful and a great
vision and an amazing company but
disastrous for everybody except Jeff
Bezos well then it's not any of those
things it's not any of those good things
you said it's an evil geniuses plan to
 over the country and enrich himself
let's take it from the top the real
issue in America is the concentration of
resources in an incredibly small number
of hands whether it's Google and
Facebook whether it's the two political
parties in our political system or
whether it's what's happening with
Amazon a beautiful vision an incredible
and executive an incredible executive an
incredible company but a disastrous
effect on our society as we're seeing
the complete concentration of power and
as a result the destruction of the
ability for a truly competitive
capitalist environment so while it is
impressive to see and I have incredible
respect for Jeff Bezos and what he has
done it is a total abdication of the
authority of the antitrust commissions
in this country to allow this level of
consolidation of power to continue and
it's reflected not only in our politics
but as we saw with the Amazon deal in
our business so I still I still stand by
my admiration and affection for Dylan
Ratigan and I don't understand that kind
of need to you know give homage to Jeff
Bezos a guy who's he bits he's had
disastrous
what Jeff Bezos is doing his brand of
business has disastrous effects for the
country and Jeff Bezos got guess what
Dylan he doesn't give a
he doesn't give a what he does to
anybody or it does as the disastrous
effects of his goddamn company you know
what he gives a about himself and
you know why because he's a
maniac
that's why because he is a narcissistic
megalomaniac what do you think what kind
of a person amass is a hundred billion
dollars while his employees are starving
what kind of a person does that a
up maniac who doesn't give a about
you the country the people who generate
his income nobody nothing that's not a
normal person and by the way he's in bed
with the CIA's in bed with the Pentagon
so you better any owns the Washington
Post you better watch it you say
anything about the richest guy in the
world death maybe that's why
Dylan said that
because he knows say anything about the
richest guy in the world you all right
first of all the CIA's got every
phone call text and email you ever
goddamn made anyway how does so this is
the result this is this is the result of
these are capitalism's to big success
stories Walmart and Amazon and their
employees are in poverty well
and you were talking about just the
diminishing of workers rights and it
goes beyond living wage I mean that's
appalling enough in and of itself but it
bleeds into other areas as well we did a
story on how truck drivers were having
to wear diapers
to make their routes and that's
happening with logistics you know I I
used to be a road comic I would travel
45 we see or I met a couple truckers in
my pursuits and they would they would
tell me like the routes that they're
given generally by these big companies
Amazon being one of them but there's
other culprits too like they're not
possible to keep like you have to cook
the books to make your routes and if you
don't make your routes guess what
happens you lose your job so these
people are on the road and they're tired
and they're overworked
and that's not just dangerous for the
worker that's dangerous to everybody
else on the road too so I mean these
workers protections that have been
gutted with reduced benefits loss over
time I mean it really is it is 40 years
of neoliberal nonsense and corporatism
that's gotten us to this point and you
know what these people that are working
at Amazon they're our neighbors you know
what I mean they are just people that we
see all the time that are the working
poor and they like it that way they keep
you poor they keep you you voiceless you
have no voice you have no protections
and that's the way the economy is
working and when the Democrats get their
heads out of their ass and start giving
us a jobs program we won't have to deal
with people like Jeff Bezos who's
exploiting every person that he comes in
contact with and you know why people go
to work for Jeff Bezos and Walmart cuz
there aren't any of their jobs somebody
thinking well I'd like to have this good
job but maybe I go work a shitty one for
a while it doesn't pay me well well
there's no other jobs
that's just like Steph said the
Democrats should be proposing an
infrastructure spending bill that gives
people jobs who want one Ron well I was
just gonna say there's also sort of this
this stigma in the contemporary in the
United States where it's like you're in
the wrong to want more yeah you're in
the wrong to want what you deserve as a
worker working an honest job for 40
hours a week which is a living wage
benefits and in a reasonable working
environment a lot of people get none of
those things and it's crazy to want
something better well no it's not crazy
we used to have that in this country and
we were a very flourishing country when
that was a case and we needed to go back
to that again
there's capitalism success story here's
your success story there's a
success story top private employee Boyer
the most employees and families getting
food stamps that's that's not a special
kind of capitalism that's capitalism
that's just regular capitalism that's
where it leads
that's regular capitalism that's where
it leads and that's why you have to have
unbelievable regulation you have to make
sure that there's unions you have to
protect them like FDR did you have to
protect unions otherwise you get this
this is what you get you get a handful
of rich and the rest of
the country's poor and you know what
that means that means a revolution that
means people in the streets how much
longer do you think you could do how
much long do you think people can see
headlines like Jeff Bezos the richest
 in the world and his
employees are starving how much longer
do you think when people who have
anything left to lose they're gonna go
into the streets and they're gonna find
out where Jeff Bezos lives and they're
gonna go to his house let's have a march
on Jeff Bezos House is that wrong to do
let's you know what he's the richest guy
in the world I bet he can afford
security I say I'm gonna find out where
he lives and I'm gonna say let's get it
let's have a March - Jeff Bezos House
and a squaddie what he's gonna do with
that hundred billion dollars and why
doesn't he pay a living wage let's
figure that out if you know where he
lives sent it to me I'll look it up me
guess I just want to read one of Jeff
Bezos tweets about philanthropy Jeff
Beck yes please read it stuff Jeff let's
get ready for a bunch of ladies
and gentlemen this is a request for
ideas yeah he doesn't know how to help
people he has yes that outsource ideas
on how to help people I'm thinking about
philanthropy strategies that is the
opposite of how I mostly spend my time
working on the long term for
philanthropy I find I'm drawn to the
other end of the spectrum right now yeah
as one example I'm very inspired and
moved by the work done at Mary's place
here in Seattle I like long-term it's a
huge lever Blue Origin Amazon Washington
Post all these are contributing to the
society and civilization in their own
ways but I'm thinking I want much of my
philanthropic activity to be helping
people I think here and now so you know
what I said to him when he sent when he
tweeted that out I said here's an idea
for your philanthropy why not pay your
workers a living wage you
douchebag but you won't pay them a
living wage cuz you don't give a
about people you don't want to do
philanthropy you know give us
 you gave a about people you'd
give them a living wage and Jeff Bezos
