everybody walking with a jimmy dore show
we have a special guest in studio with
us I've interviewed this young lady on
my Young Turk show the aggressive
progressives I'm so excited to have her
here she is running and she's a
progressive running for Congress in
Nevada's fourth District she's a
businesswoman Turton medicare-for-all
activist after a sad story her daughter
Shailene died at the hands of our
nation's profit-driven health care
system and she will never stop fighting
for the people she's here for us right
now let's welcome Amy vilela thank you
Amy for being here thank you for having
me so you told me your story before
about how you get became a
medicare-for-all activists please tell
our audience at the Jimmy Dore show
about that how did that happen tell us
the story about your daughter
yes oh my daughter she Lin was 22 years
old she was going to school to be in our
end and she was a CNA she decided to
move out to Las Vegas to be with our
family and she drove from Kansas City
where she was living to move in with us
in Las Vegas and when she arrived she
came with like a swollen Red Lake and
she was saying you know something's
wrong with my leg and you know with all
my background in medicine as an
accountant I told her you know she Lena
will probably just take care of itself
and I was out of town on business and I
got a phone call from her and she was
crying and screaming out in pain she
presented to a local ER and the first
thing I asked her was do you have
insurance and my daughter
unfortunately replied no and they had my
husband calling up TRICARE which is
military insurance trying to get her
covered and one of the reasons they gave
her she couldn't qualify was that she
was between the ages of 21 and 23 and
school hadn't started yet so because she
had just enrolled and in school had
started she would have been covered yes
yes and they called me I was out of town
on business and I'm like why are you
calling me for this I worry about the
money later just get her seen the next
call I got was when she was in the back
and she had you know argued with the
receptionist and because the
receptionist was telling her you know
it's going to be very expensive there's
the door you can leave now and she was
like
something's really wrong with my leg she
is crying in pain when she called me the
second time she was started crying on
the phone with me again and I'm being
pulled out of meetings and I'm kind of
like what's going on chillin and she's
mommy they're not helping me and I kind
of got five straight I'm like when you
must not be telling him what you need
and so she's telling him right there and
then I need I need an MRI and he's
something for my leg something's really
wrong with it beyond just an x-ray and
they told her you know go get insurance
and see a specialist we're not a
doctor's office and they didn't even
give her our tylenol for an 8 out of 10
pain and they pretty much pushed her out
of the emergency room
unfortunately my daughter had a blood
clot she had every sign and symptom of a
blood clot she was african-american with
sickle-cell trait she had just driven a
long distance these are things than any
typical you know medical provider when
they would hear those those symptoms and
risk factors would have had to ruled out
a blood clot the next time
shilling got on the plane to go back to
Kansas City and I got a call from her
father and a voice I'd never have heard
him in and he was telling me she coded
and it took me a minute to to even
comprehend that in my head I'm like no
she's 2022 what he know she must be
having a panic at this like Amy she's
coding and he's crying and he's like I
don't know what what's going on they've
got her back I don't know Amy I don't
know and I got on a plane and when I
walked in I realized how bad it was
you know I saw my daughter intubated the
room smelled of blood and her eyes would
flutter open as she was over breathing
or ventilator to begin with and I just
remember every time she opened them I
would just be like shell in fight fight
fight this baby fight she was also an
organ donor so the time came that we had
to turn off turn off the machines her
organs were too badly damaged so they
still were able to harness her heart
valves and her bones and things of that
sort so I I always tell that cuz I want
people to be open to being organ donors
and it's a hard decision but you know I
remember her father I looking at each
other like do we have
do it now you know and it's like his
time and she died in my arms
from a pulmonary embolism something a
bedside ultrasound would have saved her
life
and I at that moment that was the most
transformational moment in my life and I
remember I knew at that point something
was that my sister was an RN and I knew
at that point that something she was
telling me Amy they should have caught
this what do you mean they told her to
go home and I right before she Lin
passed away I whispered in her ear you
will not have died in vain I will make
sure you are not just a number and just
told her how much I loved her but nobody
should have to go through losing a loved
one for something that is totally
preventable in this country or anywhere
but especially in a country that taught
that is one of the wealthiest countries
if not the wealthiest countries in the
world and that's that's what got me
started and activated it took about a
year and a half I sat in my room I
didn't want to live I didn't want to be
in this country for a while I just told
myself how can I be living here with
this happening this is not the America
that I grew up knowing existed or
believed that's the way that we acted
towards each other as Americans and then
I meant Nina Turner out of a
single-payer conference and she was one
of the people that really urged me to
fight and at that time it was just
fighting for the cause of Medicare for
all okay and so that's what got you
going Wow so that's a really
heartbreaking and compelling story and
it's um
it's just amazing to me that it even
with all with stories like this that are
plentiful in the United States we still
have corporate Democrats who will tell
you know like like people here in
California my Senator Dianne Feinstein
pretends she doesn't understand that
Medicare for all is not a government
takeover of health care she pretends she
does a right wing talking point and says
if she's not for it because Medicare for
all is a takeover of government is
Medicare for all takeover of government
Amy no not at all
you know I get a lot of pushback from
the people that are running against me
as well
and they specifically try to message
against my stand on Medicare for all
really they use the the messaging that
it will hurt veterans in there and
military family what's that I'm serious
anyone fall for that well yes a lot of
the veterans a lot of veterans do the
communities unfortunately you know and
as I stated my husband's in the military
will be retiring I have skin in that
game as well and we're on TRICARE huh
TRICARE is would be very similar to what
it's a single-payer system right course
so you have single-payer now and somehow
your they're afraid to have another
single person so the government provides
health care for the military and then
they're afraid to have the government
paid for them that's all it is by the
way the government doesn't administer
the health care the government pays the
private doctor to administer the health
care right
that's how Medicare for all works right
it's even less than than what TRICARE is
right it doesn't mean less government
interference right yes but what the
talking angle though is that because the
bills say that at some point in the
future they'll look at the VA to see if
it makes sense to include it in the
Medicare for all that that is a No Deal
for them I happen to believe that we can
keep the VA separate we need to fund it
appropriately to me I'd be going against
the Democrats and Republicans who are
not funding it are voting to have it
funded appropriately I do realize that
there are certain things that military
veterans and members need to have
address that might be different than the
general population but you know that
doesn't make it a no a No Deal we can't
sacrifice thirty thirty-five thousand
people a year dying right because we
might look at this down the line well
then elect someone who will make sure
that we're protecting the VA and that
we're also getting health care for
people who so desperately need it you
know it isn't just people dying yes
there's 35,000 and and I always tell
people you know think about that for a
minute I mean that is a real number to
me that is 35,000 times the amount of
pain that I and my family have felt this
isn't just a number right you know but
in addition to that we have people
navigating serious illnesses that have
to go set up for go fund me accounts or
can't afford the medications and are
suffering right every day
so it's just not people who are dying we
have to think about all the other people
also as well that are trying to navigate
a system that's specifically profit
driven so you know you're gonna have to
fight your own party even though people
are now giving lip service to Bernie's
Medicare for all bill when the when the
rubber meets the road they will turn
their back on it I guarantee you that so
are you prepared how is the Democratic
House the d-triple-c welcoming your
candidacy because the the incumbent had
to drop out because of sexual harassment
allegation so now it's an open seat and
you're the most progressive in the race
now I'm gonna get argue I'm the only
progressive okay yeah argue so so what
has been the response from the
d-triple-c which is the organization
called the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee that's supposed to
help Democrats get elected and how
what's been happening with that anything
nothing really to report on we've been
trying to reach out to see where that
stands but we've heard nothing right now
there are two individuals in that could
see possibly being backed by the d-trip
but we're not sure what the what they're
gonna do I would think that if the
Democratic Party was really looking at
this strategically if they want to keep
that seat blue I'm really the only
candidate that's going to be able to do
that we have had a mass exit from the
Democratic Party we have had a lot of
problems within the Democratic Party
within the Nevada just as a lot of
issues have arisen and I'm really
sticking to the issues and I think
that's the only way people are fed up
with politics they're fed up with
parties they're fed up with the status
quo and in order for us to move forward
we have to elect somebody who is going
to be talking about the issues be
unapologetically progressive in what
their messaging and following through
and not being bought out by large donors
and corporations
I like the unapologetic part that's nice
because that seems like all
just apologize and then everybody has to
do mental gymnastics the sideline it was
a good idea that they didn't stand up
for their pace again that's what keeps
happening over and over right and and
and the Democrats are even able to
convince their constituents that them
selling out and caving you know like
over to Dhaka is somehow a good a good
thing because Trump will veto it like
well I guess then we just have no power
we can ever stand up to anybody but so
there's no like you just mentioned now
there's two other would you call them
corporate Democrats that have entered
the race I would say from who their
donors are that would definitely they
would fit that that destroyers I'm
taking corporate donations no not at all
but they are they are they're taking it
from the banks from real communications
the military-industrial complex you know
they're they're donors in their previous
they haven't filed for this you know yet
because they just came out when the
opportunity afforded themselves for own
personal advancement to jump in the race
but so they haven't filed FEC reports
but they both have been in office
they're both career politicians one was
a career politician turn lobbyists so we
have their track record as far as what
they've done previously so now let me
also ask you our people in Nevada its
fourth District are they concerned about
Russia hacking our election or are they
worried about Medicare for all good jobs
I think it's a mixture and what I always
try to tell people is you know when I
speak to them is that we really have to
concentrate on the issues that are
happening to Americans right now you
know if there is there are other issues
that they feel are out there right now
what's happening to the American people
really in my opinion trumps all of that
we need to so to speak Trump's you see
Trump as the problem or a symptom of a
larger problem he's definitely the
symptom of a larger problem I'm more
concerned with what we have in our house
and in our Senate they are the ones that
are making these laws they are the ones
that are doing the the massive damage
Trump has his own damage that he's
putting out but really it is in my
opinion because we have had
leaders and our representatives who have
not been really educating the public on
the issues as they should they have not
been messaging what's really happening
in Washington DC and they have been a
lot of them have been corrupted and so
therefore there's been a lot of
disinformation going out correct so I
think part of a job of a representative
is to constantly be messaging on the
issues and how it affects everyday life
of the 99% and making sure that you're
building coalitions and moving forward
to resist is not just enough right
you know status quo is no longer enough
we have to not only be resisting we have
to be fighting for more and that's the
real difference that I see in what my
platform stands for I I do know that
it's not going to happen in the first
year or two but you should be electing
people who are going to go into Congress
and be messaging and forming those
coalition's and making those being part
of like starting those movements so that
we do get more equable
society going forward so I just you know
we we have a lot of progressive
candidates come on the show and you know
we just had brandy Brice who's the iron
stache on the show and you know I asked
him how can you know we've heard tough
talk from Democrats before Barack Obama
said he was gonna put on a soft shoe and
stand with union workers on a picket
line and of course when push came to
shove he ignored them and didn't do a
thing to help unions so are you gonna
help unions and why should we believe
you I will definitely help unions most
my father and my grandfather were
lifelong Union iron workers and also you
know being in the profession I've been
in I do see the pitfalls of not having
workers not having the right to organize
when you have companies that are for
profit and profit different you also
need to have a voice for the workers and
in this country we've really gone away
from workers rights which really isn't
to our best interest I mean if you look
at some of the a country like Germany
where they actually have workers on
their board right they actually have you
know more profitable industries they
still have manufacturing they still have
a lot of things that we don't have
here hardly in the United States anymore
and they have a strong working class our
working class is disappearing and that
really started with the Reagan
administration right when he started
eroding away Union union workers rights
and undermining their their power and as
we've seen GDP is still going up but
then we also have the you know are the
salaries going down it is not in our
best interest the working class to not
have organized you know unions right
well I agree I hope that I just hope
that Democrats someday at some point
stick up for unions yeah well you know
what stops people you have to think
about this you can't be pro corporate
corporations and be taking money from
large corporations who are anti-union
right and then also be Pro Union I know
so it's all comes down to money and when
you're right you mean why you can count
that I wouldn't do that you know when I
look at all the factors that affected my
daughter's death you know be it a lack
of insurance institutional racism there
were many things that affected my
daughter's death but the number one
thing was that she that she was entering
into a profit-driven healthcare system
and how do they gain control it's by
pouring money into politics politicians
you know they don't donate money without
wanting an ROI you know return on
investment if I was to participate in
that I am participating in the very
things that played a part of my
daughter's death and that will happen
over my dead body
okay well it's been great having you
here is there any message you want to
leave with people I mean I think people
got a good sense of you you they know
you're a real deal progressive and I
mean you're for all the things we've
talked to you before so I know you're
for you for free college the state
universities correct for Medicare for
all of course we know that are you for
ending the wars and investing that money
back here in a real jobs program
definitely not only ending the wars but
also if we have if they are fighting it
necessary to send our men and women into
war they should be equally interested in
making sure they're taken care of and
when they come home you know
there is a lot we've lost our interest
in diplomacy and doing diplomacy first
and that's so very important yeah are
you gonna have to fight your own party
on that you know there two we have two
parties two war parties we have two
management parties and that's why we
need progressives so we can at least
have one party who's an opposition party
the Democrats are no longer an
opposition party they're out there
bragging right now that they're gonna
fund the wall they're bragging that they
gave 140 extra billion dollars for the
military they're bragging about all the
wrong things and they wouldn't e attack
Trump they'd attack him from the right
bicycle in complaining he's not being
muscular enough in his military response
to Russia which is that you're attacking
him from the wrong side all right so we
we really need to there's no left left
in America is the problem right MSNBC is
not left and neither is a Democratic
Party so hopefully you know I've lost
faith in the Democratic Party but
hopefully people like you can restore it
so it takes all of us we need help and
right now my campaign is viable but I
need the progressive community its
support
so they've told us that no progressive
you know candidacy can win if you're not
taking corporate donations you're not
gonna win you're just not viable we are
showing viability we've had over 4,000
