have you already walking with the GB
door show up here with the reasonable
liberal a Tron flick oh no I'm miserable
so guess what we all know this you know
this right so nine out of ten people in
the United States want daca sounds like
a no-brainer right the Democrats don't
even have to fight for it they just
don't even have to make a case well
turns out they they don't stand for it
Senate after Senate Democrats voted for
a three-week government funding
extension Monday Republicans and liberal
progressives seem to agree about one
thing the Democrats caved so Chuck
Schumer and Dick Durbin completely cave
in to Donald Trump that's who they're
caving in to by the way Donald Trump so
it's so bad their Cavin than even
democratic hacks like Jamil Smith says
the Democrats appear to have caved
rather than continuing to insist that
daca opioids and their other demands be
addressed it looks as though they have
taken a deal to end the shutdown that
relies upon a Senate Majority Leader's
promise if so they are fools and so they
totally totally capitulate to who to
Donald Trump that's who the Democrats
are caving in to the most unpopular
president in the history they're caving
in to him and will how does Trump reward
them how does this good reworking
relationship turn out for them big win
for Republicans as Democrats cave that's
how he rewarded them he went on Twitter
and tell everybody they caved cuz
they did and what did they do again
after the after they so that pissed off
the Democrats so much they decided to
double cave they double caved
budget
progress as Senate Democrats drop the
dreamer demand completely and you can't
see this but at the bottom underneath
this picture it says we're viewing
immigration and and spending on separate
terms because they are on separate paths
Senate Minority Whip dick Durbin said
that they're viewing immigration and
spending on different terms because
they're on different paths that's why he
said they're doing it it's almost like
dick Durbin went to the Republicans and
he was like ah you know we're gonna cave
so how do you guys sell this
yep and then they're - they're on two
different paths Oh to drum paths got two
different paths copy/paste leave so
here's the part so here he is saying
that so here's what's being left out
when this is being reported when you see
this reported even in Politico they
report a they cave there can everybody
saying they caved what they're leaving
out is why because that's not why the
reason they caved it's not because
they're on separate paths that's a big
site just like Ron said that's a
 way to try to sell this the
reason why they did that was because
their donors told him not to shut the
government down and I don't give a
about the dreamers or the daca or
anybody else do not shut government down
cuz it costs donors money and that's why
they did it and I know you I know
there's a lot of people who think we're
still being ridiculous by not supporting
corporate Democrats you're being
ridiculous for not supporting so all
those people who wag their finger still
are you still wagging your finger yes
they are
I blame Susan Sarandon I don't know who
you blame I'm sure all the daka people
are gonna blame Susan Sarandon and
probably Jill Stein or the Russians or
James Comey or WikiLeaks or Julian
Assange or I don't know me or Ron or
staff I don't know who else are they
blaming today anybody except the people
with power and the reason
did that was because their owners which
are their donors told them they told
them to do that that's why and that's
what people are leaving out of this
equation but the House Democrats have
signaled that they are not ready to go
along with a long-term budget deal
without a fix to the deferred action for
childhood arrivals daca so now we're
gonna have two whole cross our fingers
that the Democrats in the house go along
with something that has ninety percent
approval in the country that's how
unbelievably bought your
Democrats are how could anybody in their
right mind wag their finger at anybody
who won't support this how could
anybody I just happen to be out in front
on this I wouldn't vote for
Hillary Clinton for the same goddamn
reason you got to vote for Democrats
don't they're not the resistance the
Democrats are not the Reid hey we're way
more than people think and if
Bernie Sanders doesn't try to
prop up a third party right now you're
in for a shitload of headaches because
you don't think they're gonna over
Bernie Sanders when he tries to run in
the Democratic primary again you don't
think they're gonna everything you don't
think they're gonna find a picture of
him with a dead goat you don't think
they're gonna do everything this right
now they're said he's got a $700 suit
coat jacket did you know that do you
know that he went in against here dinner
at a steak house that cost $60 a steak
that's the kind of they're
reporting right now so it's out to me
it's way worse so there's a little bit
more to this we are insisting that these
things be in the same negotiation set a
senior House Democratic aide so the
House Democrats seem to be having a bit
of a spine you know don't to us what's
important is are there talks linked or
not linked to us they're linked meaning
you can't do a budget without Daka
they're linked dick Durbin Chuck Schumer
says they're not linked
totally separate why because their
donors told him to say that dick durbin
is a spineless piece of it dick derman
doesn't have the guts of an
eight-year-old dick durbin is not your
friend dick durbin is working against
you
the Democrats are working against you
they're not working against the
Republicans they're not working against
the Russians they're working against you
the Democrats and now we're supposed to
vote for the Democrats or were being
ridiculous as that sexual harasser from
Minneapolis told us senator patty Murray
Democrat from Washington another member
of the Democratic leadership said that
although she would prefer a deal to
protect young undocumented immigrants be
part of a budget negotiation the
agreement reached with McConnell could
make that impossible Wow
yeah I mean it's just it's unbelievable
that I mean basically they're they're
whole well okay we'll compromise we'll
talk about it in a couple weeks and then
before the couple of weeks has even
gotten here they're like yeah we don't
need to talk about it or yeah we'll
probably if we don't talk about it we'll
just go along anyway it's like well
you're the worst man if anybody you
you'd be the worst debt collector in the
history of the world hey you're gonna
pay for this yeah but about three weeks
from now okay well if you don't pay
three weeks from now that's okay but you
should do you see how do you see how
Trump is not the problem right so you
see how Trump is not the problem
the problem is the corporate owned
Democrats you see that right cuz that's
why they won't stand up for you because
their donors told them not to stand up
for you and so they go okay and it's not
like they're afraid to stand up to their
donors they don't want to stand up to
their donors they want to do whatever
their donors say it's not like oh I wish
I could stand up to that they don't want
to they don't give a
about you February 8th we're going to
have another stopgap bill but we have to
have the budget agreement in order to
move forward that's the goal Murray said
and then the deal is that if Daka is not
part of that then it will be the next
thing considered this is the Democratic
leadership well first we have to give
the Republicans everything they want and
then we cross our fingers and hope that
they do the right thing and by the way
they're only asking for one thing
they're not even asking for it by the
way but that's how badly when you
negotiate you go we want 10 things just
like the debt you know the Republicans
are doing they want to we want border
security you want this you want they
gotta be what a million things you know
what the Democrats come to think we want
one thing you can't have it okay and
it's cuz they're paid to not represent
you and they don't represent you and
you're stupid if you vote for corporate
Democrats and if you wag your finger and
tell other people to vote for corporate
Democrats will shame on you you soft
brain elitist well-to-do stupid idiot
you know the only people who wag their
finger at me about not voting for
Hillary Clinton are people who grew up
in cul-de-sacs
I'm sorry Steph I cut you off Jimmy I I
don't have faith that in March the
Democrats are gonna have a spine they're
not gonna have one so this is they don't
it's not a it's not even about happening
it's behind they have a spine they stand
up for their donors they have a spine
dick durbin when he's doing this is
showing that he could stand up to his
voters he doesn't stand up to his donors
he has a spine and he's standing up to
his vote the people his constituents
that's who he shits on that's who he
wags you can't he doesn't stand up to
anybody else except his own donors I
mean his own voters and says you can't
have it why cuz you voted for me cuz you
elected me why cuz Trump
and then they give Trump everything he
wants cuz they're bought by the same
people and that's what you won't hear on
MSNBC or CNN or at ABC or the Washington
Post The New York Times why is this
happening
this is happening because they're bought
because our politics is broken because
people think Barack Obama was a good guy
and he left office with frickin 85
million dollars in his bank account and
the bank's got bigger and the fracking
got bigger and the wars got bigger
that's how broken our politics are that
we think someone like that is good for
us that somehow things would it be
better if we just get more if we just
get more Democrats negotiations have
already negotiate get this you ready for
this here we come
negotiators have already agreed to a
massive boost to a massive boost to the
Pentagon's budget that's what they've
already agreed the Democrats have
already agreed so last year they gave
extra eighty billion dollars to the
Pentagon that that was more than Trump
even asked for by the way we should be
reducing the Pentagon's budget and they
keep pushing it up so now they've we
spent another eighty billion last year
which how much is that money what does
that mean eighty billion like what could
we have gotten for that we could have
gotten free college for everybody just
like that just like that so when they
tell you old Congress moves slow and
things don't happen overnight they're
full of that's what they tell you
when you want something that's good for
you
but if you want more bombs and more war
they already did it again they already
did it a day of already grid that's
already been taken care of
so they've already while the figures are
still in flux multiple sources say
Congress would raise the military
spending by at least seventy billion
above the caps for fiscal 2018 and 80
billion in fiscal 2019 we can wipe out
all student debt with that just that
increase just that increase could wipe
out all student debt within 10 years it
send everybody just took college for
free so when they tell you were broke
who's gonna pay for that
those are idiots or liars repeating
corporate talking points what remains is
how much to spend on domestic program so
they can't figure that out including
everything from Homeland Security to the
Department of Education but we got the
bomb the war the war budget right we got
the war budget these are Democrats we're
viewing immigration and so they're that
same stupid as the same stupid quote so
there we are there we are there we are
let me take a look at a stupid face
again that guy is a liar and he lie he's
lying not to the Russians not to the
Republicans dick Durbin is lying to you
he's a liar and he's completely
corrupted and bought you know this he's
not a good guy not even a little bit
dick durbin is your enemy sorry
Ron well I was just gonna say no
scientific study that I know if has been
done yet but I'm pretty sure that's the
face one naturally makes when they
memorize a GOP talking points get it
back out I think it's safe to say I have
no idea how anybody in this country
isn't screaming at the top of their
lungs and calling for a revolution your
government is completely working against
you completely they literally are good
they're they could wipe out all cop
everybody could go to college for free
like that and they decided we're
not gonna do that just like that I have
no idea why there isn't a revolution
happening in this country all right I
think I do I think I know why because
the hole mates do because everybody in
the media tells you you can't everybody
in the media wags the finger I say you
gotta vote for Hillary Clinton like
she's some Savior this is who you want
me to vote for this imagine the kind of
 Hillary
Clinton would be doing if she was
president imagine imagine what she would
be giving into I'm the principal
Republicans in the Senate in the house
imagine here they are with all the power
they can't open government back up
without them the most unpopular
president in the history the most
unpopular Congress the only other bill
that can pass was a tax bill that
everyone hated and this is them the
Democrats are not your friend this guy
is working against you this guy is a
liar and he's lying to you oh my god and
you're not gonna hear that you're not
gonna hear why you're not gonna hear
what by the way they'll probably Rachel
Maddow and Chris Hayes will tell you
that this is smart I bet you any money
they tell you this is smart I can't
watch their shows anymore because I like
to eat dinner and it's hard to keep it
down if i watch there's their show
they're disgusting
so there you go you're being ridiculous
if you don't vote for this I must be a
Putin puppet these are
working against you what's turks they're
not even in bed with the Kremlin what's
their excuse what stick Durbin's excuse
for working against his own people by
the way he wants to cut Social Security
and Medicare dick Durbin just so you
know he wants to cut Social Security but
this guy is not your friend
he's the leader he's a leader well
anything else well I was just gonna say
like when you were talking about MSNBC
and stuff like that people like to make
this excuse like oh well this is all
about compromise and bipartisanship and
throw those platitudes out there and
it's like well okay here's what's going
on contemporarily right now one party is
coming up with policy ideas that
benefits nobody that 90% of the public
is against and another party is not
resisting it at all that's not
bipartisanship or compromise that's a
government working against the people
that's a broken system we have a broken
system and you know we've talked about
this before look at our budget
and see what we value and what we value
is war and we're disposable all of us
are disposable war that's a money-making
enterprise right now and it's killing
our country and it's divided our country
and you know Jimmy when I watch this I
just you know I was I was doing the
research about you know Hispanics in
America that sleeping giant should exit
the Democratic Party and join
independent parties and we should all
get more involved cuz they're us
well the Justice Democrats were a good
idea very too bad the Justice Democrats
are all staffed with a bunch of
knuckleheads their candidates are good
the people who are checker candidates
are great their candidates are great I
like the Justice Democrats candidates
the Justice Democrats as an organization
these it leaves a lot to be desired you
know like we're looking for a
progressive movement progressives on
significant issues that are progressive
in the way that they behave and not
reactive please make sure you're
subscribed or else the goddamn corporate
Democrats win you think you're
subscribed you're not I know I get VD
every time we'd there's comments saying
hey I thought that was a joke about
being subscribed I was unsubscribed when
I checked yes yes for whatever reason
they do not want you to watch these
shows why do you think and check I bet
you subscribe to CNN or MSNBC on YouTube
and you didn't even do that they just
subscribed you check I don't check make
sure so if you care about independent
news and if you care about telling the
truth about this yet please make sure
you find a way to support the show you
could do it lots of different ways you
buy a mug t-shirt come to our live show
in Austin on the 25th of March or in
February 16th we'll be in Burbank
California doing a live Jimmy Dore show
or become a patron would give you tons
of extra content every week thanks for
your support
you
[Music]
