everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore Show
I'm here with Rob flick Conan steps
emerado the miserable liberal how are
you Johnny how are you I'm okay
fantastic look at that t-shirt stuff has
shown people have teachers that nice
that's a nice t-shirt you can get those
down there for great Christmas holidays
what happened you guess what's happening
now so as the world bends over backwards
or two to accept every accusation that a
woman makes against a man right now it
turns out that's not happening at Fox
News
there Fox News going against the grain
here it is this from The Huffington Post
today Fox News women furious over Rupert
Murdoch's comments on sexual misconduct
you want to know what he said keep it up
he said he said all those charges are
all nonsense there was a problem with
our chief executive Roger Ailes problem
sort of he said sort of uh over the
years isolated incidents what does that
mean isolated incidents
meaning they happened what does that
mean they happen but they didn't all
happen at once it means they're sort of
may have been a lot of them over the
years kind of maybe yeah there were a
lot that's what it means but they didn't
they didn't all happen at the same time
no they weren't all isolated he had
about 40 or 50 maybe a hundred thousand
sucks you know whatever they were
isolated though they did they all
happened separately and individually
they didn't happen he wasn't trying to
get a in a cab and trying to
whip his dick out in his office at the
same time those are isolated right yes
the dirt the two different he sees in
one place and then in another place not
both of them at the same time he's not
doing that he's not doing that no he's
not a shapeshifter
as soon as we invest this is him
speaking this is Rob Rupert Murdoch as
soon as we investigated it meaning Roger
Ailes as soon as we investigated Roger
Ailes he was out of the place in hours
he'll-he'll he kept him around for three
decades until he died he was out of
there in hours well three or four days
sort of and there's been nothing else
since that's not even remotely close to
being true so this guy's again had
introduced an organization just allowed
to just make stuff up that was this is
him talking still he says that was
largely political because we're
conservative so now it's all they're
coming after us because we're
conservatives it's a political hit job
and Roger Ailes and his hamburger meat
that they paid a forty million severance
fee to forty million dollars to get that
problem out of the way that was largely
political because we're conservative now
of course the Liberals are going down
the drain NBC is in deep trouble
CBS there stars I mean there are really
bad cases and people should be moved
aside there are other things which
probably amount to a bit of flirting
what is he saying
it's just a Jarvis it's like a this is
like a sarah palin word salad yeah yeah
it kind of is there are other things
which probably amount to a bit of
flirting and then there's things i mean
three or four days hours a may be sort
of isolated i mean there are really bad
cases but then it's also just flirting
and they should be moved aside or not
i've had to put up with this hostile
work environment this is a woman
speaking now about this i've had to put
up with the hostile work environment for
years at meeting at foxnews and now i'm
told that it doesn't exist by a man who
doesn't have to walk these halls every
day i'm hungry for justice said one
woman who was part of the network's
on-air talent wow so we don't know and
she doesn't want to give already done i
take it she says hey Rupert stop with
the lies or we'll go public with the
truth do it
all of it including about the talent and
executives you still employ whoever
asked us and don't give a damn about
workplace respect only money said a
woman who was previously a prominent
member of Fox News on-air talent can I
say this to that woman who was
previously a prominent member of Fox
News on-air talent why the are you
still keeping secrets for these guys
what are you waiting for you don't work
there anymore and you don't want to tell
you're gonna stop the lies that we're
going to go public why don't you go
public with the truth right now am I
wrong to say this this sounds like
something I shouldn't probably be able
to say or something but well since just
about aren't you supposed to stick up
for it stop this because it's
happening to other women art isn't that
the problem what am i wrong stuff I I
see your position 100% I share that same
position I'm sitting here she was
previously a prominent member of Fox
News on-air talent so you have a certain
amount of following you have a
responsibility and she should I
isn't it a news network your news
network you're gonna get you supposed to
be reporting on stuff that affects
people society our culture here is an
epidemic problem in the workplace
certainly at Fox you know I think you
listen I don't how do you not how do you
how do you not say something so if
Rupert Murdoch just stops lying publicly
about this you guys will also keep quiet
about it well the guys will keep quiet
about no notice I'm warnin ya but you
said you guys will keep I mean when I
say guys I mean I'm using the colloquial
term for men and women so so if if
Rupert Murdoch stops lying then the
women at Fox News will keep secret about
this that's what she's saying right and
I don't I can't I'm not trying to make
it out like she's also a victim but if
your prominence and you're gonna save
this much don't you have I don't am I
wrong don't you have a responsibility to
try to protect other women who are now
at Fox News and I don't so I'm asking
you stuff you're a woman I think I
already concurred with that plan yes I
yeah I already said that that I
believe that she should doesn't aren't
you supposed to be reporting this stuff
I mean I think it's really insane that
nobody in and nobody in news is breaking
this story it happened to me let me
break this story down for you come on go
out in flames on air really make it
happen she's she's previously a
prominent member of Fox's on-air talent
so she's not even on so that could be
anybody that could be megan kelly that
could be anybody Gretchen it could be
anybody who's saying that and my thing
is why are you being quiet about it I
mean and NBC does stories all the time
on there they just they just did a story
yesterday about Matt Lauer on their own
show on their own Network they did a
couple stories so why wouldn't you do so
again there's so much weird behavior or
like not cool behavior around this stuff
like again I don't want to victimize a
victim she's a woman who's a victim of
that horrible stuff but now she is here
she seems like that there's a lot of
lies and the truth still hasn't come out
about this well isn't it your duty to
have the truth come out about this right
that's what we're all saying here so
there's one little more part of this how
much will it take before you actually
start caring about your female employees
this is that same woman is your fifty
two billion dollars enough are we really
going to clean house now so here's
someone who does give her name
Tamara holder a fox news commentator who
settled with the network earlier this
year over a sexual assault claim said
quote you cannot rewrite history mr.
Murdock the problem was not only with
your chief executive for example one of
your former executives trapped me in his
office pulled out his penis and shoved
my head on it
that's not nonsense that's criminal so I
would like to see one of these guys
actually go to jail yeah I mean that's
that's a criminal offense right I mean
yeah Wow oh right in the work the work
could you imagine can't no no I can't I
mean this is like
you know you know what all this stuff
you know it's like I'm sure every guy
liked to have AI ogled people at work
have ibed did I say things weird to grab
their head and put and take your dick
out yeah there's no ambiguity there well
that's pretty pretty and pretty entitled
you know like culture you know I come
from comedy clubs so in comedy clubs
there's women working all over the place
as waitresses and managers and
what-have-you and we're saying that and
comedians say the most vile as a
matter of course on stage all the time
you know Andrew Dice Clay still works in
nightclubs all the time
he works at the Comedy Store and The
Improv seen him all the time and other
comedians are just as gross and you know
that's part of what we do
I you know what I mean it's like that's
the law so how is it okay for that's
environment but not okay
that's the we're I've always wondered
about that like if you so I don't want
any banging on stage versus not er no no
like how how is that in that sexual
harassment how is that not creating an
environment that's hostile to women who
work in a comedy club you're up there
talking about your saying every filthy
thing in the world about women's anatomy
man's Anatomy talking about sex and and
having sex and oral sex and splooge
share but you don't I mean that's all
right you better comedy clubs around you
know what they talk about right but yeah
I've seen women standing there working
right as they're doing that can you
imagine that happening in another work
environment well yeah that's very very
true yeah I guess a context is important
I guess in this case it's a work
environment can you imagine that
happening in another work environment
could you imagine going into a newsroom
and somebody up there talking about
jerking off in the middle of the
newsroom they just doing him prompt
stand-up routine right you don't mean
like you need to find state I'm gonna
tell you I want to tell this before you
guys go to Bob for lunch I want to tell
you this joke about jerking off but they
do that in comedy clubs all the time
when women are working right there yeah
well that's why those acts typically
don't get to do the corporate events or
if they do they do a much different act
but every comedian talks about it
like that somehow oh yeah yeah you know
um I saw Tavis Smiley he's got his show
yanked on PBS are you really supposed to
use the term yank and the the the
accusation against him was one of the
one of the and I read the article they
said that he demeaned women he referred
to someone he was gonna pick up at the
airport as I buddy and I'm like
that's all it takes for you to get in
trouble is to call somebody a buddy
like and I just keep thinking about the
stuff that comedians do on stage like
it's I don't like that's that that song
it's like something you they're almost
like a Christian thing to say compared
to the stuff most comedians say on stage
what does I mean now honestly in my life
I have heard women refer to guys as that
as a buddy yeah like it's just one
of those like I mean we're not in an
exclusive relationship and it's
understood that you know we just you
know meet our needs together right I
mean I've heard guys refer to girl I
mean I I guess it's like you wouldn't
maybe say it directly to the person but
I mean maybe you do I don't know but I
use it able to say that to your
buddy yeah so we're just buddies
right or something like that but yeah
buddy so here she goes on she says the
culture at Fox News won't change until
you publicly accept that it has been a
breeding ground for sexual misconduct
over the past two decades Holder said so
good for her for coming out saying that
stuff putting you know it's courageous
good for you thanks for doing that
actually
so Carlson also replied to the comments
saying Mr Murdoch
sexual harassment isn't flirting
nonsense largely political or simply
isolated incidents so I'm gonna guess
this is gretchen carlson i'm calling on
you to release all women who complained
about sexual harassment at fox news from
the secrecy agreements you've forced
them to sign and let the truth come out
now there you go that's balls that's
coming at you with both barrels
well noona that might answer the
question that we've been posing as to
like why are the prevent maybe that's
what may be doing something back and
whatever so that's maybe why that woman
was saying stop lying or we're gonna
tell the truth
because they had to sign these secrecy
so maybe okay now that makes everything
different you actually I just don't
understand how legislation isn't in
place where if you break and you you are
behaving criminally towards me you're
forcing my head on your penis all bets
are yeah I don't care what agreement I
signed you have now broken the contract
of a safe working environment I think
what they happened is that they they
gave these women money uh just like not
talk about this anymore and part of them
taking the money was they had to sign a
piece of paper saying I won't talk about
this anymore so that's it wasn't like
they signed an agreement when they
started working that said you can't talk
about stuff which I'm sure they signed
also but I'm sure as part of their
settlement they have to sign another
thing saying you won't talk about this
so that does make so now I'm glad we
figured that out but look at Carlson
coming at him she goes let the public
decide if the behavior to which women
were subject subjected to was flirting
yeah so she's saying she's calling on
Rupert Murdoch good then that's what she
should do hey why don't you release all
those women from there confidentially
eventualities greement s-- and let them
tell the truth about we'll see if it was
really flirting and he's not gonna do
that and it's just amazing that wrought
rupert murdoch is still accepted in
polite circles still except you know
he's just the grossest of the gross and
climate denier he's dumbing down America
for money and he's just he still you
know the he'll still be invited to award
shows and things like that oh yeah yeah
I'm illegally through an election or two
yeah yeah
Prince lies all the time about war and
climate and the other thing I just don't
understand also now that you know that
Murdoch is worth fifty two billion
dollars that's what they tell us he's
worth right right come on that you
wouldn't think that there's not a lawyer
who would say let's go after this nobody
it's time you no kidding I really I you
know I really am shocked that there's
not an organization that saying hey you
know what this is now a part of the
reality of these professional workplaces
it seems it's at an epidemic level
because we're revealing so much about it
III challenge the I think there should
be a case brought against Murdock good
for you do it go speak to your lawyer
that one woman at the end of the article
says I believe it's um
Carlson no no is Holden yeah that says
um I'm contacting a lawyer tomorrow I
look at this okay who is that
doesn't say it's Tamara Oh sir
so what's that Tamara holder she's gonna
contact the lawyer she said it says that
the conclusion of the Ross story I'm
contacting the law I'm Ross okay I read
this at HuffPo there you have it and
rupert murdoch for so what does it get
what fifty two billion dollars still go
to work for a and what what why do you
still want to keep harassing women you
have fifty two billion dollars why do
you want to keep harassing clean house
you can't create a diamond that these
 aren't being sexually her your
friends Bailey you afraid you're gonna
lose money what do you want why would
you keep this environment well because
he's probably a creep yeah just go out
and see the world at this point you know
I mean you're not getting younger you
got fifty two billion dollars it's right
maybe try to do something good for the
world like I don't know try to stop wars
mm-hmm try their network yeah stop that
right now would help the world or end
sexual harassment or maybe maybe you
maybe you work against this tax
bill maybe you try to help people get
health care maybe you try to do
something nice instead of something
horrible instead of being a virus on the
planet maybe you try to help I don't
know I don't think so
that's not how Rupert Murdoch works what
if he has like an Andrew Carnegie moment
where he's just like oh man I got like
more time but yeah I don't have I only
have so much time left on this planet
and I've done a lot of really evil stuff
and then he just starts like so I guess
hurts total cuts maybe that'll get him
one level higher in hell yeah yeah well
that would that was why Andrew Carnegie
did it fear of hell so I don't know what
Rupert Murdoch's religious beliefs are
is that why don't you connect that's why
I did it
really yeah he was scared that when he
died he was gonna go to hell huh was
that has this been written about yeah
yeah there there's a book called I'll
see you in Hell cuz for Frick what
really screwed Frick over was the Battle
of Homestead when that happened
and Andrew Carnegie left town Frick
didn't so it was basically like they
were they're bringing him workers to
work for cheap because they want to pay
you know higher for labor for the people
who lived there
Frick was there when it went down Andrew
Carnegie wasn't so Frick like that just
he went nuts after that Andrew Carnegie
didn't and then like later they were
both old and like dying and and Andrew
went over to Frick's house like in New
York City he's Frick who's Henry Frick
he was he was also like the big investor
Larry at the time I've never heard like
in Pittsburgh and yeah so Andrew
Carnegie went over there and he's like
hey time to you know bury the hatchet
and put all this behind us you know and
and I apparently Frick just said you
know I'll see you in Hell where we're
both going so it was like fear of Hell
that made him oh really
the libraries and everything it was
that's what he was like I can't take the
money with me and I might go to hell if
I don't do something like Wow well there
you go that's a good story and in
elementary school I was taught what a
great guy he was Andrew Carnegie God
okay well please make sure you're still
subscribed to our show if you are
because you probably aren't their own
subscribing people all the time check
make sure you hit the subscribe button
click that bell so you get a
notification when we drop videos and if
you can help support the show by being a
patron or be joining our premium program
through our PayPal there's two different
ways to do it
we give you extra bonus material every
week all the time thanks for your
support
[Music]
