hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show special guest in studio today she's
the host of empire fires on the tells
her english network you could see it on
youtube she's right here it's abby
martin ladies and gentlemen hi Abby hey
great to be here now everybody I'm sure
who watches this show is familiar with
your work it's amazing so I watched what
she does and she actually informs people
see informs me she what I like to refer
to as talk smart and and she really
knows what she's talking about she
exposes what the United States
government is really doing all around
the world and she tells you about stuff
that nobody else will tell you about
which is the kind of news shows we like
so thanks for being here thank you so
much Jenny love the show so you're not a
Russian bot you're not doing Russian I
always thought you worked for RT look so
Russian I mean Putin you know is no
longer telling me what to do and say so
I have a little bit more liberation but
I still not sure if I'm a bot I'm
accused of being a bot every day from
like a multitude of people so it's quite
it's quite an interesting time that
we're living in so tell people about
your show Empire files it's I've you
know every time I watch it it's you
can't stop watching it it's one of those
like hoho and so tell about how did this
show come about and what is your mission
so kind of paying homage to the untold
history the United States from Oliver
Stone's chapters on archiving lost
chapters of American history and what
the US government has done to
destabilize and destroy other nations
and people for you know its existence as
an empire I think that history has been
written by the victors until kind of the
advent of social media so for the
longest time we haven't really seen
history be retold through the eyes of
marginalized and oppressed and those who
are really affected by these policies so
every week on Telus or we present either
an in-depth interview with someone or a
documentary and so we've done
documentaries from Palestine from
Venezuela trying to counter the regime
change propaganda from the corporate
media and really tell us or was created
as an apparatus to counter that had had
Jem onic corporate media dominance in
the world and so I'm really honored to
be a part of that challenge to the
narrative and so what would be some of
the work you're most proud of my god I
mean there's so many amazing things that
I'm
proud of that we've done in the show
like I said going on location you know
you can stand in the studio all day like
I did at Artie and talk about Palestine
but until you're really there and seen
what is happening firsthand I feel like
I was missing out really on reporting so
that series I'm extraordinarily proud of
what did what did see to me yeah go
there yeah be overwhelming yeah and I
wouldn't know what to do so how did you
react when you went to Palestine I've
well another great thing is not being
part of a network like RT I have just
the total Liberty to go and do you know
stay for a month somewhere and really
just you know I visited hundreds of
families who all really knew about me
because very rarely do you see Western
journalists covering Palestine in a fair
way so is it was I was more famous in
Palestine that I've ever been anywhere
around the world but no just talking to
people and just listening because we
don't really listen we like to react
instead of kind of you know
understanding things and and and having
the responsibility to really understand
before we just react to everything but I
think everything in the world Jimmy
needs to be seen in the context of the
u.s. Empire we are the largest most
destructive Empire in the world that's
why I love your show and how you
constantly call attention to the
military budget because all this
doesn't matter like every domestic issue
has to be seen through the lens of the
Empire every international issue has to
be seen through the lens of the Empire
because the world is split into
colonized and colonizers and and the
riches that have been accumulated
through the first world nations have
been on the backs of those countries
that have been colonized so the framing
of you know the context of world issues
has to be seen through that lens people
don't realize I we just said Judah
Friedlander I'm the show who's one of my
favorite comedians from 30 rock and he
said it's he's travelled around the
world he he got to see a history from a
different perspective and he said you
know when you're in Vietnam they don't
call the Vietnam War the Americans right
so that's a duuude Everett whoo so and
then you talk about how we're fighting
terrorism yet there is no doubt that we
are the biggest cause we are the biggest
purveyors of terrorism
the world look what we did to Iraq alone
and no one ever talks about that could
you imagine if another country in an
Arab country took over America occupy it
killed hundreds of thousands of people
what that's real terror that's what we
did yeah when I when I when I talk about
like dropping the nuclear bombs for
example I'm going to the Hiroshima
Museum and Japan and and really
understanding the horrors of that we
inflicted there and people will just if
I'd be like well they shouldn't bomb
Pearl Harbor and it's like well is that
so does that give Mexico the
justification to nuke us like hey where
does the logic end right as we did this
to Afghanistan that means that this
other country can just drop nuclear
bombs on us like that makes no
sense so it's it's a very disturbing
American exceptionalism that we have to
really you know myths underpin our
society and the myth of American
exceptionalism is the most destructive
one of all the fact that we think that
it's okay that we drop nuclear bombs
that we invaded and occupied sovereign
nations that we continue to destabilize
an overthrow leaders who who their
people have elected them to lead and to
create a different direction for their
countries so we've undermine and usurped
the sovereignty and the future of
countless people so I like to tell
people that American exceptionalism
means is that everybody gets to have
health care except you know everyone
signs on the climate agreement except us
yes we're good we're better except us
right everyone so I you know it's crazy
to hear people yeah you know people have
no idea why are we friends with Saudi
Arabia and not Iran right why why why
are we even enemies with Iran why don't
they like us well it's because we
overthrew their government and we
installed the Shah and they rebelled
against that right so that's just like
why are we friends with Saudi Arabia
because of the petro dollar now I make a
big deal out of the petro dollar on my
show maybe too big of a deal I don't
think you can though because that's the
cause of most of our Foreign Wars is
because of Saudi Arabia and John Kerry
even admitted this in open testimony in
sand the Senate where he said Saudi
Arabia offered to pay for us if we would
invade Syria and overthrow Assad they
offered to pay for the entire thing
which is what they've been doing all
along anyway so why do you think
people don't understand what's going on
or do you think people the United States
do you understand what's going on except
there's no mechanism to influence our
government very well said I think it's
the latter I'm hoping it's the latter I
think that Trump wasn't in a sense of
big you to the establishment aside
from a lot of other obvious reasons why
he won but I think that people do
realize that's why trust in mainstream
media is at an all-time low that's why
alternate alternative media is on the
rise and I think that's why Trump kind
of did double down on the anti
interventionist rhetoric I will say
rhetoric because he has been completely
the opposite as president but I think
that he was playing into the fact that
people are sick of the US Empire
military interventions around the world
I don't think they know how bad it is I
don't think they know that we have 900
bases military personnel in almost every
single country and that the countries
that you're talking about like people
understand the hypocrisy why are we
friends with Saudi Arabia and enemies
with Iran well it's every country that
doesn't bow to US corporations and US
business interests very obvious so I
think people see through the facade but
they don't know like you said what
mechanism to change it because it's so
futile to engage in electoral politics
but as the recent elections showed maybe
that's not the case Jimmy well we'll see
we'll see we're gonna get into that just
a second you know the reason why I have
a show you know I was a nightclub
comedian for 25 years or whatever and
then I started doing this show and it
was because the news shows that I
normally to turn to for information had
let me down even the newspapers right
here in New York Times The Washington
Post they all beat the drum for war then
in fact they shamed people who ran
against the narrative the official
government narrative that that we have
to go to war with Iraq they shouted you
down and said that you were crazy and so
that's why I started doing this show
because I saw that those people were
crazy MSNBC was supposed to be lefty
liberal fired Phil Donahue when he had
the highest rated show on the network
because he wouldn't go along with the
war machine right and they'd fired ed
Schultz because he wouldn't go along
with the TPP so I'm doing this show
because of how bad that made the news
media is and people don't read
people think they get their information
when they watch Rachel Maddow or CNN do
you feel the same way that's why you're
doing your show outside of the
mainstream news media because it's so
horrible and no one's telling the truth
that you had to do this that's how I
felt oh absolutely people say why did
you join our team like because I had to
tell this story and I had to talk about
the false Democratic Republican paradigm
and talk about how empires consistent
and these policies are consistent and
that was the only network that would
allow me to do that Jimmy so people
don't really understand the limitations
and whether it be self-censorship a lot
of these people like Piers Morgan they
were cultivated in that position because
they know to never buff the
establishment they're not just chosen I
mean what I what I showed through RT and
this is what I tell a lot of people I
paved editorial freedom that people
choose not to do on mainstream media
because then you'd see people like
Django Gore who are who stepped down or
fired Phil Donohue's who was fired for
speaking out I mean that's what happens
when you actually do buck your boss and
who is paying for your show so let's say
you know MSNBC and all these big
conglomerate news agencies that are run
by they have advertisements for
Boeing like who is buying a tank and a
jet you know like no one it's just kind
of a soft kind of like direction where
these people and the anchors just know
they can't really go there they know
whose pain the network they know who the
advertiser is so it's not it's just a
vehicle it's a vehicle for ads it hasn't
been about news for a long time and this
cultivation of the rush of phobia thing
is the most bizarre kind of
fear-mongering campaign I've seen and
I'm not that old but holy it's like
a mass hallucinatory psychosis I mean
you have people on who are the Trump
Trump brown shirt army basically saying
you know everything's fake news that
doesn't worship Trump but God's sake I
mean you look at the mainstream media
and everything's Russia Russia Russia so
I feel like I'm actually losing my
goddamn mind because I'm caught in the
middle of trying to make sense of it all
I feel the same way because even people
who I'm affiliated with on the Left are
pushing the Russian narrative
and I have to remind people that 90% of
Americans want some kind of gun control
we ain't getting it has nothing to do
with Russia 80% wanted a public option
we didn't get it has nothing to do with
Russia 70 60 to 70 percent of people
want some kind of public they wants
Medicare for all we ain't getting it
free college they want it we ain't
getting it everybody wants to end the
wars day ain't ending that has got
nothing to do with Russia that is the
people who are screwing you over is not
Russia the people who are screwing you
over is Wall Street the
military-industrial complex big pharma
and fossil fuels and that's why they
boeing has commercials on Meet the Press
not because people who are watching that
are gonna buy a jet and it's because
they're not funding their investigations
their funding their non investigations
that's what that is here's some money
shut up why does Archer Daniel mendelian
why do they are advertised on Meet the
Press because they don't want them to
investigate them they know exactly what
they're doing and that's reason why half
the country doesn't believe in climate
change it's because it's still presented
on corporate media as a debate and why
is it presented that way because they're
funded by fossil fuel companies that's
why very simple yes and you have general
after general talking about why we do
need war with North Korea but here's
here's how it needs to be carried out
right I mean there's no so the framing
is always we need war and then we're
gonna dis to get that we're gonna debate
tactics they never go well let's bring
on someone who says we don't need the
war they never do that
why don't you ever see Medea Benjamin on
MTV holy to mocker if I ever do bring
her on uh why don't we you never see you
never see union leaders you never see
anybody who's anti-war you always see
generals who were being paid by the
military-industrial complex you know I
try to remind people that the real sin
that Brian Williams made wasn't puffing
up his war record right he said that he
took enemy fire and then nbnbc threw him
under the bus and then he said that bus
took rocket fire the point is Brian
Williams used to bring on generals on to
his news show to give us the straight
dope about what was happening in Iraq so
we could make a decision about it as an
informed electorate what he didn't tell
us as those generals were being paid by
the military-industrial complex and they
were always advocating for more Wars
sometimes specific kinds of military
artillery that we should be paying
the guy who told us that want a Pulitzer
Prize for it New York Times Brian
Williams still didn't tell us right so
that's what's wrong with the news media
we're being giving what we think is
objective facts macGruber knocking we're
getting it from Attic at a General
Electric which was a defense contractor
that's who he worked for
and he was bringing on guys working for
military contractors and not telling you
so to me that's the big sin it's still
happening by the way that still they
still bring on these generals who are in
the pocket cuz most of the generals you
know leave the military where did they
go Abbi oh they go back in the system I
mean they just cycle through yeah they
start to come we're from yeah for the
military-industrial complex they go to
work as consultants and lobbyists yeah
yes so do you see us getting people
don't even realize because I didn't get
reported the Democrats joined the
Republicans to spend 80 billion dollars
more a year on the military and turned
an ibanez board in that package this is
amazing it was essentially a John McCain
bill five hundred million dollars to
Train Ukrainian forces against Russian
aggression what does that mean neo-nazis
like ready just giving five hundred
million dollars in neo-nazis and Ukraine
now yeah and we already we already like
back to the coup that's not enough right
oh but don't forget the 750 billion or
I'm sorry million for Israel's defense
right because they need another you know
billion dollars more so that kind of got
earmarked through so this Russia thing
do you think so how does something like
this start in your opinion like to me
this came this was hatched by Robby Mook
and John Podesta and then their minions
who have an overly emotional reaction to
Trump meaning everybody at MSNBC and CNN
they all just bit into it and now they
have an emotional attachment to this
story that is fact list you talk about
pushing conspiracies that's what this is
right it's a big conspiracy huge
conspiracy but I saw it back because I
worked at our T three years prior to all
all these conspiracies were formulating
so I kind of saw it I mean we saw it
with Al Jazeera they were calling it the
terrorist network remember bin Laden's
mouthpiece it was totally basically
marginalized as an alternative news
source this was after 9/11 of course but
then I saw the same thing happening as
Russia became more
you know more of a fear-mongering tactic
from the establishment and started
presenting RT as an actual alternative
news source that was criticizing empire
criticizing US corporations hosting
people like me on there they didn't like
that at all Jimmy so I saw it back then
cultivating I saw the hysteria I saw
when I was there and spoke out about the
network's coverage of the Crimea
intervention I saw a house of cards
style like SIOP happen against me in DC
from bill Crystal's think tank they had
someone named Liz Wall come out right
after me come out and quit live on air
and then she got kind of carded around
with bill Crystal's henchmen to say
Artie was a Putin propaganda network and
I quit I was like whoa so I saw kind of
a lot of people behind the scenes that
were those deep state actors already had
Artie in the crosshairs that was for
sure so after leaving and then seen all
of this come to a head where they have
no one to blame but themselves for Trump
and they have to have an enemy right but
we were all waiting with bated breath
what's the proof what's the proof so of
course when the DNI report came out we
were all waiting what's it gonna be well
um unfortunately for the people who
haven't read it you might want to um
especially if you believe in this
concocted narrative because half of the
report first of all it was a four year
old report some intern could
have done a better job in two hours just
watching Artie and updating that so
that's that shows you how little they
really care about putting these
propaganda narratives together but half
the report was talking about Artie's
coverage my show they said that I was
fomenting radical discontent that simply
my coverage on Artie's coverage of third
parties black lives matter Occupy Wall
Street greed that is what fomented the
discontent that is what cultivated the
support for Trump interesting
interesting interesting so basically in
a country where half the people are poor
talking about real issues talking about
how half half the country doesn't have
more than a thousand dollars in savings
that's Russian propaganda that's the
what that's that's what cost the
election apparently to these people so
it pisses me off to no end talking about
real issues Jimmy I did
say one thing praising Putin I don't
there's so many radical like socialists
