hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we're talking about Chuck Todd
it was covering the Donna Brazile
revelation that the DNC was completely
corrupted she revealed corruption inside
the DNC that was mind-boggling almost
right that every all the money being
raised was being funneled to the Hillary
Clinton campaign was like a
money-laundering organization and that
the Clinton campaign was running the DNC
literally so here's how Chuck Todd
frames it
welcome back just days before Democrats
face what many consider a must-win race
for governor Virginia the former
chairwoman of the Democratic National
Committee has thrown a stink bomb at her
party - actually a stink bomb is how it
refers to it the revealing of massive
corruption inside the DNC a rigging of
the electoral process of the in the
United States on the highest level and
Chuck Todd refers to that as a stink
bomb I guess those Pentagon Papers were
a real Dookie that Daniel Ellsberg left
oh look look at that boat Dookie what do
you want Chuck what does that tell you
about Chuck Todd right there without his
framing about this what does that tell
you that tells you that Chuck Todd is a
tool of the establishment first as at
the beginning step middle and end that
that's what that tells me what does it
tell you guys think about Chuck Todd
just being a stink bomb yeah I remember
when Chelsea remember when Edward
Snowden dropped that stink bomb about
the about the NSA's massive surveillance
program remember that stink bomb Bob
Chuck Todd compares exposing the truth
to throwing a stink bomb because he's
never done either get the reaction
roasted
I think it's that Chuck Todd just
assumes that the truth stinks and that
it is it just is it it's good and he's
and he's immune to the smell of
I guess MSNBC we fight stink bombs of
truth with drones of deception
Dylan Ratigan used to drop so many stink
bombs when he was at MSNBC they gave him
his own bathroom yeah I was that guy do
not go in there
smells like somebody truth bombed in
there stinky like someone died okay so
that's just so let's listen
so that's Chuck Todd Donna Brazile
claims in her new book that before she
took over i like how he says claims you
couldn't you can't back it up did you
not see the document that that's a
 wait again reported she claims
well did you investigate it you got them
you have the whole NB c-- news to help
you then did you investigate it at all
chuck go ahead no this is a guy that's
not convinced climate changes so if he
did investigate it would it really have
done anything here we go DNC the process
was essentially rigged in favor of
Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders and
perhaps more alarming Brazil writes that
after Clinton's September 11th fainting
spell she considered trying to replace
the struggling Clinton Tim Kaine ticket
with Vice President Joe Biden and New
Jersey senator Cory Booker boy I
remember when that happened Donna I got
people tried to smear us by saying we
were pushing a theory that Hillary
Clinton had Parkinson's turns out Donna
Brazile was so scared about her health
problems that she wanted to replace her
turns out we were onto something that
she that turns out we were onto
something and the reason why we said
that was because Hillary Clinton they
were lied about it all day long
remember when she fell they said Oh
first they said she was overheated but
she never took her coat off and then we
saw her to lock up and fall face-first
and her shoe flew off and then they lied
about it they didn't take her to a
hospital
they took her to her daughter's
apartment and they had her come out a
few hours later and hug a kid and they
go oh no she's she had pneumonia and
it's been going around our Brooklyn
campaign office you go well she had
pneumonia why she out hugging a kid oh
oh no it's not the kind that's
contagious well if it's not the kind of
contagious why did you say it was going
around near Brooklyn headquarters so
they kept lying and lying and lying and
then they go oh well she has that
aspirational pneumonia which is the kind
of pneumonia that's
not contagious guess who gets that
people with Parkinson's it's the number
one leading cause of death with people
home part so that's why we said that we
were trying to speculate as to why they
kept lying why wouldn't they take a 68
year old woman with a history of brain
trauma to an emergency room after she
passes out secondly why did they keep
lying about it all day long and then
they finally told the truth around
sai-dono six or eight o'clock in the
evening and then they said they're gonna
cancel the rest of her schedule I
thought she was fine and then they
decided to cancel the rest of her
schedule remember that so we were trying
to speculate why would they lie like
this that's what you're and you're
allowed to do that so people got upset
that we were trying to speculate why
they were lying but they weren't upset
that the campaign was lying Donna
Brazile said it was shameful that the
way they handled her her illness and she
wanted to replace Hillary Clinton on the
ticket but somehow so when people would
disagree with us politically they try to
smear us by saying we're pushing some
kind of conspiracy theory about no no
that's Donna Brazile wanted to replace
her is she also horrible okay I guess
now they think so because she told the
truth about the Clintons so that
happened go ahead I was gonna say I like
how the whole theme in this entire video
laid like the whole theme that Chuck
Todd is parroting here is that Donna
Brazil's obligation to the Clinton
campaign in and her party is more
important than our obligation to the
American people right oh how was it
that's so appalling that's an older
woman collapsed in Donna Brazile thought
we might need to replace her you mean
she was doing her job yeah you mean her
job was to get a viable candidate to
face the opposition and if she thought
well maybe if this person can't continue
for health reasons we need to get
somebody else you mean she was doing her
job to the people and that's appalling
because the person was Clinton or that
made the Democratic Party look bad like
what I like it's just totally bogus like
thoughts about Clinton and how that was
reported aside like that's just that's
just common sense you know like I you
know when you see a guy like Chuck Todd
there he's so vanilla and then he has
this kind of diluted news speak
he frames things where you're supposed
to accept it where you're saying like no
there's evidence available for you you
could have certainly researched it but
when he say it says you know yes there's
questionable practices that the Clinton
Foundation influenced the DNC and rigged
it against Bernie Sanders and then he
says but the more alarming element what
completely compromising the the will of
the people
isn't alarming right enough right that's
so it's more alarming that she wanted to
replace someone who was sick and and and
who was gonna lose to Donald Trump she
was that's more alarming than finding
out that they can complete electoral
process and the primary was completely
rigged that's more alarming that's what
you're saying
yes yes I know I'm with you I agree
that's BS so here he is so now he sits
down to talk with oh no no and watch
this they didn't campaign that Donna
Brazile fell for Russian propaganda do
you see did you hear that question I'm
gonna play it for you again they didn't
campaign that Donna Brazile fell for
Russian propaganda that's an actual
question being asked by the number-one
newsman in America Meet the Press host
Chuck Todd asking the DNC chair if the
former DNC chair got swindled but by
Russians what what Papa ganda was she
swindled by Chuck that dot that Hillary
Clinton didn't fall down face on wasn't
sick and she didn't fall on her face and
they didn't lie about it all day that
what was the Russian propaganda of the
do Russians make that agreement between
the Hillary Clinton and the Democratic
National Committee was the Russians who
did that
Chuck Todd literally just asked that
question as if it's our actual question
did Donna Brazile fall for Russian
propagandists a complete dupe of the
Russians
that's what Chuck Todd is saying that's
your number one newsman and now you know
why that guy didn't graduate college
that's a literal question that is that
guy if you don't you don't need to have
a license to be a journalist but if you
did he should have his taken away he
should be disbarred
if there was a thing if you could disbar
people from journalism that's
unbelievable what is this 1950 are you
kidding me did Donna Brazile they didn't
campaign that Donna Brazile fell for
Russian propaganda I mean that's the I
mean I don't know is is that not the
most disgusting thing you've ever seen
on television that is a grossly leading
question but like that is just so like
it's like that's that's fit for like a
courtroom where the jury is bought yeah
like that's just such a nonsensical
question and I don't think Chuck Todd
even graphs why that's a terrible
question like I'm sure that question was
handed to him mm-hmm
and and he just read I I think he has
some concept of what he's doing like I
don't think he's totally innocent but I
do think part of him he is not that
bright like I really do feel that way
about him is not that bright it's
obvious he's not that bright because he
reveals he admits the stuff he should
never admit to like when he admitted to
Louis black that he doesn't ask tough
questions of his guests because he's
always thinking that he has to rebook
them they have to come back on so he
doesn't want to bark it then remember he
said that remember that he said so
that's him being dumb to reveal that he
shouldn't tell anybody that especially
on camera so he Jeff Todd is so
nefarious because he seems so reasonable
yes that that's the danger of Chuck Todd
so here we go there's a little bit more
to this I don't know what Donna Brazile
fell for but all's I know is under the
rules and bylaws of the Democratic
National Committee she couldn't have
done this Hillary Clinton was anything
but incur so he's lying so when he says
that under the rules that is he talking
about replacing her that she couldn't
have done this that what he means Donna
Brazile didn't say that she she knew
that she had to call him she had to run
this by the full DNC she knew that they
had to have a meeting to do she couldn't
just do it unilaterally she knows that
she said that in her article so again
his jumping off point is to lie to you
that's Tom Perez's jumping-off point is
to misrepresent what's happening and to
lie to you that's his first thing out of
his mouth
I like how even when he's fed his
party's number-one talking point he
still can't answer direct question
ladies like he needs someone to know no
this is what you're supposed to parrot
he's like Oh like not this there's no
card over here about the DNC no no you
can say yes to this because it yep he's
feeding you Chuck Todd is feeding you
Tom and you know when I when Tom Perez
was tapped for the DNC right supposedly
Obama made that suggestion to me I just
get the feeling how much influence did
the Clintons continue now with this
selection with Tom Perez being that he
was a huge advocate and supporter of
Hillary Clinton and the TPP yes and he
the WikiLeaks revealed that he had ideas
on how to sabotage Bernie remember how
he was like oh we'll show that he's not
he's just so he was his idea to paint
Bernie as the candidate of white people
that was time for as that was revealed
so and I guess according to the Clinton
campaign and now Chuck Todd that Russia
created an entire barrage of Donna
Brazil's experience at the DNC and Donna
Brazile fell for it is that what
happened the Russians just created a
mirage afford this isn't what happened
you're getting did the Hypnotizer and
you're getting sleepy this is what
really happened we make hologram and
then they put businessmen in White House
hahaha
Bassitt a that she was tireless she she
was tireless a workhorse yes Hillary she
worked tirelessly to cheat progressives
out of a good president she worked
tirelessly on her own behalf to cheat
lie and steal the nomination but she
bought it she'd steal she bought it so
when people say oh she bailed out the
DNC she what she did that's a hundred
millionaire plutocrat buying the
nomination that's what that's called
that's not bailing out the DNC she
funneled the none of the money to down
ballot races and it all went to her
campaign she didn't bail him out she
bought the nomination I wish they would
have called the victory fund all my
money fund hahaha yeah the amf
my money fund dollars with her oh so
here we go and and and frankly what
would so whenever so much does frankly
and they're a politician yeah next thing
coming is a lie
so let's see what he says the what's the
lie I think people who read that charge
which is it's just without merit I are
gonna perhaps start wondering about
other claims in the book so his biggest
concern is that people might start to
doubt down a Brazil's book that seemed
he just said his biggest concern what
makes in the saddest is that people
might start to doubt other things in
know what really makes him the saddest
is that people won't doubt what she's
saying in her book so that's a guy
pushing propaganda trying to undercut
the truth that Donna Brazile is giving
us he's trying to say i'm you know she's
lying about this i'm i'm afraid people
won't believe anything she says that's
what you're so again he's a shitty liar
Tom Perez he's always been a shitty liar
he's transparent I see right through him
and if I see right through him everybody
sees right through him that guy is a
 bullshitter who's working
against you 24/7 I have no I I know why
he's doing it for money well frankly
Jimmy I'm looking at Tom Perez his
Twitter timeline and it's actually quite
good ah his biggest concern Tom Perez
his biggest concern isn't that the book
isn't true the biggest concern is that
the book is true that's his biggest
concern what a shitty liar what specific
Russian propaganda did she fall for
mm-hmm
that's the question Chuck Todd Chuck
Todd will never ask what specific
Russian propaganda just throws out that
 blanket smear and that
guarantees he'll always have a job so
now they move on to this Donna Brazil's
account cannot simply be dismissed well
that's what Chuck Todd and that's what
Tom Perez is doing at this Donna
Brazil's account cannot simply be
dismissed okay Elizabeth Warren says
you're being tested how are you going to
restore trust with Sanders supporters
that the DNC is is going to be a fair
place it's gonna be a fair place now
listen to this answer it it's again it's
a horrible answer it's why he gets booed
in public they booed me public when he
shows up to talk do you know that they
just start booing and this is why
because Tom Perez is a liar and a
bullshitter and he's lying to you not
the Russians not the Republicans he's
lying to you
and he's shitty at it he does he's not
good like Bill Clinton Bill Clinton's
great liar so same thing with Barack
Obama made you feel good after they were
done lying this guy makes you feel like
you need a shower too
it's gonna be a fair arbiter here for
the party hey I accept every test
because I ran for this office because I
believe in this party and I knew we
needed to up our game Tim I'm thinking
of Tim Russert ha ha ha but here's the
here's here's my view on this when I
hear the word rigged let's let's be very
clear Hillary Clinton won the Democratic
primary about 4 million votes Demma the
Democratic National Committee does not
run elections for primaries the
Republican National Committee does not
run elections states run elections and
those elections were run by the states
we run caucuses and and Bernie Sanders
did very well in the caucuses where I
think both senators Warren and Keith
Ellison and and myself where we agree is
we have to earn the trust so he just
keeps saying that but he never tells you
what he's going to do to earn the truck
we got a peak and make people know that
weird but what are you gonna do you're
gonna get rid of super-delegates you're
gonna open up your closed primaries
you're gonna schedule debates
ahead of time what are you doing to win
trust back we're putting hope on the
ballots we're gonna put it you're gonna
put your values on the ballot what do
you guys do it he doesn't say you just
got rid you just purged your DNC of all
the progressives you got rid of the only
a mere Arab American and no one cares
about that so you're purging the party
right now progressives and you you have
nope nope what listen well let's listen
what he has
one plan his only plan is a debate thing
to announce debates ahead of time that's
his only plan nothing up hey loser first
and during the process of the Democratic
primary we fell short in that undeniably
and I accepted that responsibility and
here's what we're doing about it
number one they felt short of it do you
see the words he uses that's like saying
Charlie Manson felt short of taking care
of those people at the Tate mansion he
fell short of taking care of them they
murdered them but he did that's what he
said we fell short
the DNC fell short no you completely
rigged it primary for one candidate
that's not that's not falling short do
you see that okay in the future moving
forward to 2020 we're gonna be
announcing our democratic debate
schedule before we know who the
candidates are because the number one
goal has to be to be fair and
transparent with all of our fundraising
agreements which is why the budget is
still opaque isn't it why is the DNC
budget not known why is that Tom because
you're still funneling money to all of
the consultant class is that why why is
why don't people know where you're
spending the money because if it was
transparent we would have known all that
money what's a Hillary Clinton's
campaign that people were doing people
were donating three hundred and sixty
three thousand dollars at a clip to the
DNC that was money was supposed to go to
the DNC and down beltré they went to
Hillary Clinton's campaign so he's again
nice not it's just words just garbage
it's all Tom Perez has his garbage
partnerships will be available to
everyone as they were actually in 2016
and then what we have to do is make sure
we're also working with voters up and
down America rural America urban America
everywhere in between donors in their
truck don't you owe the Sanders campaign
art to earn their truck with you how
were you gonna earn their trust tom well
we're gonna keep taking corporate money
and keep our budget opaque doesn't work
