welcome to the second part of our
interview with Dylan Ratigan who's
running for the New York's 21st district
under the slogan we can fix this he's an
award-winning journalist and a straight
talker and right now we're gonna ask him
about unions and what he thinks so I
thought I had a big idea after Trump won
my big idea was why don't we try to
unionize all the Walmart workers in
California because I think the problem
with Amazon is unions and the problem
with Walmart is you need the problem
with our country right now is that again
the workers have have no power and we're
decimating unions and Barack Obama never
put on that soft shoe and right now
we're seeing unions that are majority
women standing up and being the strength
of workers not only for themselves but
for janitors and the cafeteria workers
and all kinds of people it's a majority
women union standing up and they are
winning right now in red states so why
do you think the unions have been
organized Pete places like Walmart and
Amazon I know it's unbelievably
difficult and we all know what what
Walmart did to the meat packers in Texas
when they unionized they just got rid of
meatpacking in Texas which was a big
threat to everybody else who wanted to
unionize but I think that would be to
make such a big difference in a world
that is just as big as Medicare for all
and you through what do you think about
that and do you think we could do it you
think we have to do it if we the only
way forward is to resurrect the leverage
of labor in order to recapture their
value that they are creating in this
country the art of the labor force in
this country has been looked at as a
liability to be managed and destroyed
rather than an asset that is the
foundation of our national security the
only institution in the country that
represents the interest of human beings
is labor unions or our labor unions
those unions were deliberately destroyed
in the interest of capital in the
interest of money and the only way back
to repair our broken politics and repair
this country is to continue to revive
reform and rebuild organized labor in a
vision of the 21st century in a way that
can truly defend the human being
that aren't the foundation of everything
that happens every day in this country I
couldn't agree with you more
I don't know specifically whether you're
Walmart strategy is the best path I
don't know enough about it but I do know
Jimmy that there is a path every day to
increase the degree to which labor has
rights in this country in order to
negotiate with capital in a way that has
not nearly as abusive as where we are
right now and in fact the liabilities we
have right now are a direct result of
that abuse and part of reforming
foundation to reform in our broken
politics is the support and the
engagement and the reform of organized
labor in order to do that
how that's good to hear how do we get
the trillions of dollars that it sparked
off in offshore banks back into the
United States so we can use it for our
infrastructure development and for real
long term jobs without giving more
unreasonable tax breaks I mean there are
a thousand ways you could do it it's the
political will or the leadership to
allow it to happen it'd be very simple
to fund an infrastructure bank using the
offshore accounts in a way that also
allows students to get their student
debt so I've heard you talk about this
it's more easily accomplished but
there's not the political positioning to
do it which is part of the reason why
I'm now running for office as part of
beginning to create the political
leverage to initiate those types of
policies which are foundational to our
security and the fairness of this
country going forward so now you know
you're a great economic reporter and you
can really explain stuff to people in a
clearer way and so why and so when the
banking meltdown happened the big
problem afterwards with the bailout
needed quantitative easing is that money
didn't trickle back down to people who
needed it to finance building or
projects my brothers are constants
construction and he couldn't get a loan
to finance any jobs that he was offered
and so what they were doing was hoarding
the money and balancing their books with
the quantitative easing instead of
putting it into our economy like they
were supposed to yes so why don't we
have state banks or and and can why
don't we and how can we get state-run
banks they have one I think in North
Dakota
Gail McLaughlin's the recommending one
here in California do you think that's a
solution
I think it's part of a solution whether
it's state banks or community banks at
the foundation of it though Jimmy is the
cent is the central bank the Federal
Reserve and the large massive financial
institutions until they have a true
incentive to drive their investment in
their lending out into the American
economy as opposed to pulling it and
consolidating it and spinning it in
these money wheels inside of this
digital game that they play in New York
and in London and in Tokyo it's going to
be an uphill battle so yes you need the
community banks yes you need the state
banks but you also need a federal and
international banking policy that
directly incentivizes community lending
and investment for those banks which is
why they are given access to taxpayer
money through the Federal Reserve in the
first place it's the reason that we
created the policies that benefit bank
holding companies is because of the
expectation that the banks serve a
critical function they are the
circulatory system of money in our
economy and if they are not circulating
money in our economy they are extracting
it from our economy and it's as if the
very medicine that you want that you
need so desperately turns into a poison
that kills you it's not that you don't
want to have a banking system a banking
system is the foundation of any economy
you need a banking system but you need a
banking system that drives investment in
lending into communities and that starts
at the federal level with banking policy
and a policy that is a coordinated
effort of tax policy as well as capital
requirements and incentives for the use
of lending and funding that goes into
actual project work rather than into
churning and speculation inside of the
capital markets so couldn't the US have
saved all the foreclosed homes in 2009
by simply allowing owners to go into the
bond market for low-interest fully
amortized loans over 2 15 25 years as
has been done in the past with VA
properties of course I mean my strong
recommendation at the time of the
financial crisis was not that we give
free money to the giant banks to clear
up their balance sheets while they do
nothing for anybody else but rather if
you're going to extend an infinite line
of credit to the economy in order to
stabilize it
much better to make that line of credit
widely available 2% financing to all
qualifying borrowers across the entire
spectrum from residential mortgages to
refinancing personal credit to
refinancing auto credit there's a if
you're once you decide you're going to
take the extreme measure of unrestricted
lending which we did in 2008 to do so
selectively for the benefit of those who
finance the government at the direct
expense of everybody else in the economy
is one of the most abusive and
destructive policies that has ever been
put forth in this country and it was
done I hate to say it under Barack Obama
and it was created originally the
problem was greater than originally both
the trade and the banking policies in
the late 90s under Bill Clinton and so
this is not a single party issue yes the
Republicans have participated and
encouraged much of this but let us not
kid ourselves it was the Democratic
Party that created the trade and banking
policies in the 90s and it was a
democratic party that oversaw the
selective issuance of credit the
selective issuance of lending to large
financial institutions at the expense of
every other person in this country and
it has been an absolute disaster and by
the way it is part of what is the
significant foundation of the protest
vote we saw in 2016 yes that not only
supported Bernie Sanders but that
ultimately elected Donald Trump
president the ignorance and the refusal
to acknowledge how abusive that was to
walk around pretending that the lies
that have been surrounding the party
establishment could be perpetuated in
this way is something that has brought
unto us an incredibly dangerous
government right now that basically is a
blunt object that was thrown in in
rational behavioral economics to call No
Mas to say no more to the abuse that has
been put against the American people
they wanted health care under Barack
Obama universal health care you know
what they got a forced mandate to buy
private insurance from an unreformed
private health insurance monopolies that
still attach to their jobs it was
insulting they want a real banking
policy that actually drives into this
country and creates investment in
lending and when the government had the
leverage to create that did they do it
no they did not
they created
Finnick credit for large financial
institutions and nothing for the rest of
the country while perpetuating these bad
trade deals it's why there's so much
frustration in this country Jimmy and
it's why we have to move through the
frustration and we have to look at these
problems as valuable only insofar as
they can point us in the direction of a
solution the solution is obvious we need
direct lending and investment into our
economy we need a trade policy that
doesn't empower extraction and cheating
and destruction of work in our common
our in our country we have to be honest
about the fact that the world has James
that there has been a shift and that
that shift means that there going to be
an abundant number of new jobs as we
move industry away from fossil fuels to
cool to a global network of renewable
power that's a huge economic opportunity
and it's one we have to seize it's about
looking for what we can do as opposed to
getting stuck in the quagmire of the
problems which are so incredibly
discouraging and can lead to paralysis
in the inability to move forward and we
can't afford that right now because the
world is shifting too quickly and the
opportunity to create the lending create
the investment to create the health
opportunity to health access excuse me
to create the local education to reform
our banking policy to reform the way we
deal with the Middle East in a way
that's honest is upon us but we have to
step into public and say it out loud to
each other and begin the process of
having the dialogue about how we
together are going to fix this not to
invoke the slogan but that's really what
this comes down to is how do we create
the lending in the access we know we
don't have the lending in the access we
know we have bad trade policies we know
we have a health care system that's
attached to our jobs with a private
health insurance system that is abusive
to all of us we know all of those things
the only thing we have to figure out is
how we continue to organize an effort to
reform and create what we want so what
steps would be would you take to
rebalance the economy by driving capital
directly to the 50 percent in poverty
who are on the margins you have no
choice but to create direct access to
lending and direct project finance again
look at the you have to look district by
district I can tell you about New York
21 our capacity to produce
massive amounts of renewable power that
can be sold into Montreal and in New
York City is incredible
that's an incredible employment boom
that's an incredible amount of money
that comes in that's also great for the
district great for job creation and
great for climate change by the way
those are real things that can create
real money that move through these
economies we need to move the farming in
the food business to more local farms as
you know I'm one of the strongest
investors and advocates around the move
away from centralized farming Jenny
Jimmy into localized farming we need to
resurrect and support the local farms in
New York 21 in a way that allows them to
create the vibrancy and deliciousness
that's only available when you have that
type of an environment and that's
something that can be done everywhere
when you look at what we want we know
what we want we want renewable power we
want local farms we want cheap
affordable accessible health care it's
about creating those things with what we
have it's about taking our best assets
in the case of New York 21 it is our
agriculture
it is our wellness industry it is our
renewal power generation capacity and
making the best of those things in a way
that creates pride purpose and an
opportunity to generate the leverage to
lean back against the abusive policies
that are a function of our broken
politics well listen you've been very
generous with your time Dillon and I
appreciate you taking time for our show
I just remember when you went on a very
famous rant about the banks on MSNBC and
you know ed Schultz has come out this
week and he's revealing that how managed
his show was on MSNBC by Phil Griffin
personally and are you at liberty to
talk about any of your experiences at
MSNBC or jour so so after you went on
that rant and let me just show a little
bit of it right here I'm not here to
talk about plans to deal with this till
2017 I'm saying we've got a real problem
and I'm tired of Republicans and
Democrats who either want Republicans
who want to burn the place to the ground
Democrats with all due respect who want
to offer a plan that gets it through the
neck their end of their second term of
their presidency and then screws me and
my kids when it's over until we do that
we have to deal with the extraction that
is at foot it is the reason the
financial markets are behaving the way
they're behaving that is a mathematical
fact this is not some opinion this is a
mathematical fact tens of trillions of
dollars are being extracted from the
United States of America Democrats
aren't doing it Republicans are not
doing it an entire integrated system
financial system trading system taxing
system that was created by both parties
over a period of two decades is that
work on our entire country right now and
we're sitting here arguing about whether
we should do the four trillion dollar
plan that kicks the can down the road
for the president for 2017 or burn the
place to the ground both of which are
reckless irresponsible and stupid on TV
for three years doing this and the fact
of the matter is that there's a refusal
on both the Democratic and the
Republican side of the aisle to
acknowledge the mathematical problem
which is that of the United States of
America is being extracted it's being
extracted your banking it's being
extracted through trade and it's being
extracted through tax so after that rant
what did you get called into the office
and get a talking to no I did not my
experience at MSNBC with all due respect
Jimmy was incredible Phil Griffin was
very supportive to me the manager was
very supportive to me they didn't they
never tried to alter my rhetoric in any
way I'm not saying I have no incentive
to say that to you in other words
there's no contract there's no agreement
I'm not looking to go back there and
work I have to be honest with you they
allowed me the platform they gave me a
staff and they let me speak my mind and
even in the face of my most aggressive
commentary they were always there in a
way that was supportive and didn't try
to restrict my behavior that was my
personal experience wow that is a you
know indeed that's the truth and it's a
very unique experience at MSNBC rainbow
that I had it not the normally well I
truly but I appreciate you you know
we've played lots of your clips on this
show and everyone who watches this show
is very well aware of you
so I just want to say thanks for taking
time we wish you the best of luck and
maybe I should probably say in all
disclosure I will probably be making a
donation to Dillon's campaign so I think
you're supposed to do that as a
journalist I'm not a journalist I'm a
jagoff comedian so I just want to let
everybody know I'm gonna do that anyway
all right Dylan any last words for our
audience listen I am grateful for
everybody's time and I just want to I
want to send a single message which is
look at the problems only insofar as
they help create clarity for the
solutions and look to create momentum
around those solutions that is our best
path individually and collectively as a
country right now we have a lot at risk
a lot is broken we have got to seize the
opportunity to move to amend our future
to the one that we want to create and
that can only be done by focusing on the
solutions that we can create and that's
really what I'm hoping to do with this
campaign Dylan Ratigan the real deal we
can fix this as his motto he's running
for New York's 21st district good luck
to you buddy thanks for coming on your
show hope to see you again soon
likewise please make sure you subscribed
it only takes a second make sure you're
subscribed and click that Bell so they
give you a notice whenever we drop a
video and if you can become a page when
we give you hours of bonus material
every week our next live shows June 30th
in Portland Oregon and we do a super
silent chat every Saturday that's our
live stream you can ask us questions
that we answer back that Saturdays at
2:00 p.m. Pacific
plus we run steam it we're steaming it
right now
you
