hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guest in house
hilarious comedian Judah Friedlander is
here hey Judah how are you
incredible yeah you know just fighting
fascism in America and you know this is
the number one third-world country and
I'm here to fight for it
I'm ready I'm on the west coast this is
my this is my first in studio appearance
oh really as I've I've I've been before
but that's the first time I'm actually
here it's great to have you it's really
great to have you know so now let me let
people know what's happening you have a
you have a big show coming out on
Netflix on October 31st that's Halloween
that's Tuesday yeah he's gonna be his
new special as America is the greatest
country in the United States that's what
it's called that's correct which is
already funny yes thanks it's one of the
jokes yeah and in the special it's 84
minutes black and white filmed it in
like a real low-budget documentary kind
of style but there's no interviews it's
basically an 84 minute stand-up
performance film and he filmed over
different nights in New York and it's
all pretty much you know satire on all
the big issues in the country in the
world I'm actually gonna play a little
bit of your special right now
okay now we played your stand-up on our
show unsolicited before because you have
such a great bit about the Columbus Day
almost a right that was an old one yeah
right and same same venue yes correct
the same venue a venue like yeah and so
here we go here so here let's let's
enjoy some of it I've seen this already
I laughed why I've seen it twice I
laughed both times let's leave my lap in
the third time okay England at one point
in history you used to own the whole
world what happened and I don't think
you were an evil imperialistic nation I
think you were simply a country that was
in search of better tasting cuisine
I think one day your troops watered over
to India to the lunch break and we're
like wow this curry is just dandy let's
take this recipe back to the Queen and
her general stepped in and said no this
is too good we should surround this
nation with their troops and this
chicken tikka masala England used to own
us yeah you did on us and then we
defeated took your language and you got
nothing left the last piece of dignity
Dave Rebecca he lives here he named his
son Brooklyn it's over well just showing
England how you know we're very funny
we're still number one but it you know
this the special gets into you know in
in a you know similar satirical way you
know all the big issues you know from
mass incarceration the healthcare
climate change you name it you know so
you cover all the bases now Judah I we
also have your coffee table book which
also talked on social or that was about
social issues in a yeah a lot of it was
yeah yeah and so now you're a very
successful actor of course a lot of
people know you from 30 rock which I
found out gets more views online that I
did on television that's what I heard
from myself ah what I think I told that
to you I think you did it's amazing I
heard that's what I heard that's what I
heard from you know cuz I heard when the
show was on I heard that like our
ratings weren't that good but online are
like DVR whatever we did well now even
though you're you've had such success in
show business and you are world champion
athlete you still find yourself homeless
yeah well technically I don't have a
place to live right now
August 31st was the last time I had a
place to live I and you didn't renew
your lease why well I've been trying to
move and buy a play I've never owned you
never had plays one thing I've learned
over the years is that if you don't own
you actually don't have any power
you know with with gentrification with
corporatization of so many of the cities
in this country like like most young
people in this country especially the
highly educated the high income earning
they're all moving back to the cities
from the suburbs yes there's this
reverse flight because people figured
out suburbs suck there's nothing
convenient about them and you have to
drive up for 20 minutes they had to
get anything you want you can't just
open your door and go down to the
7-eleven and pick up some milk and come
back and have your coffee it's it's it's
not it's the suburbs suburbs suck and
for decades
you know people left the cities so many
people and so many of the cities became
very low income right very rundown out
out and now the reverse is starting to
happen so City prices are going up and
up and one thing I've learned you know
I've been in New York thirty years and
it's like if you don't own it's you
you're you're eventually gonna be pushed
out of the city so I'm trying to just
get something right before it's
impossible right because it's yeah with
without owning you really don't have
rights because people combine all my
rents going up it's like well
unfortunate there's nothing you have no
rights if you don't own you know it's
it's scary so talk talk about what's
happened to New York since you've lived
there like what do you think happened we
were just talking about this before we
started this interview about now I made
I what's happening here in Los Angeles
and I think in San Francisco was a lot
of foreign investment I don't know
what's been happening in New York tell
me what do you think is happening
it's all foreign investment in New York
you know it's it's Russians it's Chinese
it's Europeans coming in and they're
buying up these you know
multimillion-dollar apartments but it's
uh I don't know I I see just like even
the comedy clubs in New York they're
very busy you know there's I remember in
the early 90s comedy clubs were slow in
New York yet and and there were actual
dive bars in Manhattan right where you
could go dive bar yeah yeah we're the
only people there be three guys in there
who they look like they were 80 I don't
know how old they were they could have
been 45 I don't know but you know like
career alcoholics at the bar and then a
completely empty bar you won't see that
in New York
now every bar is body-to-body people
just spending money there's just you
know New York City had eight years of
Giuliani it had 12 years of Bloomberg
which technically isn't even legal eight
years is the max and then he did some
stuff and got an extra four years right
and so Bloomberg's goal was to make New
York the financial capital of the world
and New York always had you know Wall
Street's always been a presence in New
York and so there was always that that
big money in New York but it was in it
was on Wall Street it was in you know
certain pockets now it just seems like
it's spread throughout all of Manhattan
and through much of Brooklyn and and
part of Queens also City Bank is
headquartered in Queens now no kidding
yeah and and Long Island City which is
one of the first neighborhoods into
Queens
it must have 15 or more skyscrapers at
this point there used to be zero this is
just in the past five to ten years
really so you now have you probably have
the population there is probably you
know 2010 I would guess 10 to 20 times
what it was just ten years ago so
there's no a new infrastructure so you
suck like if you get on the subway there
it'll always be body-to-body people no
matter what time it is and then when you
get off the train
you actually often have to wait five to
ten minutes just to leave the station
because there's so many people just
going up and down the stairs really so
it's crazy so it's very um you know like
an average 1-bedroom in Manhattan might
be a million dollars so a two-bedroom
might be 1.5 no two million you know it
could be you know it could be less but
it could be two million and we're not
even talking two thousand square feet
you know so you can get a house in the
Hollywood Hills for the same price as a
two-bedroom in Manhattan it's crazy it's
crazy crazy so it's like no one by the
way no one seems to care enough to have
to demand a political solution to what's
happening to our city's de Blasio mayor
of New York is trying and they have he
has been doing some things to try to
build more middle-income and low-income
housing but that's also a problem
because they're so the the neighborhoods
that already have money they don't want
low income housing come
in right you'll actually have people
protesting affordable housing
I mean it's terrifying you know like
people who never protest that are
finally getting active and it's to
protest affordable housing so it's I
don't know this and people also say that
the homelessness is is rising quite a
bit in New York City so it's it's that
thing you know the it's what's been
going on well homelessness is the rich
getting richer and the poor getting
greater a more amount of them and poorer
it's it's crazy
well what's crazy to me in here in Los
Angeles is previously you know I take
the same route from Pasadena into
downtown Chicago I'm downtown LA and out
where I get off now on the - there's
people there's a there's like a
community now of homeless people
underneath that bridge that didn't used
to be there interesting and so now we're
starting to do more things downtown and
they're building a lot more downtown and
la la a lot of reasons got pushed out
downtown they're getting all post out
and we go by Skid Row and I'm like they
just decided to spend 80 billion dollars
more a year on the and the military what
would it take to fix the homeless
problem in America a billion dollars
yeah two billion dollars your ops to fix
the homeless problem give people
homeless shelters that's what that's
what you do they have all these weird
room rules for homeless people well
first you have to go get off drugs they
won't give you a house no there are
drugs they don't have a house go give
them a house first
anyway this what I'm trying to tell
people is people have been told that
this is not we can't fix these problems
we're gonna get the money from you can't
fix this problem you can't send people
to college for free yes you can and you
can end homelessness yeah without even
trouble without blinking an eye we could
do that right and you can end wars too
and we can end the wars people go like
well how do these other other countries
how do they do I'm like they don't have
the military budget that we have right
you know and you know do you think that
all comes down to June I will a lot of
people say it's the way we can't finance
our campaign certainly is a big problem
right there's there's many things and
that's a huge one but it's you know I
don't think I mean I don't know any
countries that have the war budget that
we have no and you know right you spend
you know much Russia spends on their
military no it's not nearly as much as
us
65 billion dollars a year we just
decided to spend 80 billion extra on top
of what we were already spending by the
way no debate about that no Sunday
morning show discussions no Ted Cruz and
Bernie on the thing note Anderson Cooper
going around the country no discussion
just like that yeah I find it shocking
that you know with Trump in office and
being as volatile as he is right and you
know you have such a spoiled rich guy
like that this spoiled rich kid you know
basically Spaulding from Caddyshack you
know that that's like who the president
is how is someone like that not gonna
want to use their toys you know that you
give him yeah you know he and he's
openly talked about why can't we use
nukes when he was running yeah what's
wrong with using let's use nukes and
I've already heard the term coming from
some of the military and the mainstream
media this term tactical nukes yeah that
were these tactical nukes which oh they
don't they don't cause much problem that
they're technical they just do you know
little little nukes here and there and
it's like it's very dangerous and
there's almost what I find shocking is
there's there seems to be culturally
almost no anti-war movement well that
the anti there was a anti-war wing of
the Democratic Party at the DNC last
summer yeah and when Leon Panetta got up
to speak Leon Panetta the former
Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta who
famously said when he asked how many
shooting wars are we in he started
laughing and said I don't know I have to
count so when he got up to speak the
anti-war wing of the Democratic Party
started to boo him they turned the
lights out on them and they put sound
cannons on them that's what the
Democratic Party thinks of the anti-war
movement so and and still people wag
their finger at me for voting for Jill
Stein yeah
and of course I mean unless they see the
light they will continue doing and I
have to tell people until you understand
the game that's being played you will
forever be bragging about voting for a
corporatist war monger who's anti-union
yet the other the other good boy the
other thing about being shames we're
voting for Jill Stein which I find
interesting is so many people that do
that shaming they don't realize that she
ran before 2016 yes no she ran in 2012
yeah
talks about this the the Russian
infiltration in 2012 in the 2012
campaign right you know so I just find
that a little interesting um I find it
very interesting too but it's like I
went to a few months ago in New York I
went to an a no war with North Korea
rally grant I think there were 20 people
there uh it was right outside the UN and
it's just you're like that's it it's
like you know it's just uh well people
there's no media presence to dump their
Democratic Party are all pro war yeah
Elizabeth Warren voted for that bloated
military budget you know that she's and
there's so the people like Elizabeth
Warren are just sheepdogs they're just
hurting progressives into a Democratic
Party and as John mr. Juan told us if
you're a progressive the roadmap for
your movement meets a graveyard inside
the Democratic Party yeah and it's proof
there was a woman who ran for mayor as a
Democrat in Baltimore she ran on passing
the $15 minimum wage she got elected as
a Democrat she vetoed the $15 minimum
wage why do you think she did that
because she was told by the party if you
do this it will be the end of you in
this party and so she she'd be no tit
that's why I didn't know that was a
reason yeah well I you tell me what the
reason is no I mean I yeah that sounds
like the reason to me I didn't know she
got elected on it and then she beat out
it so either she got completely
corrupted by corporations or the part
I'm gonna guess it's both part the
party's ante minimum $15 minimum wage
they wouldn't put it in their platform
so my stand-up special I have one joke
where I say because I talk about how I'm
gonna be the next president I talk about
my presidential platform and I talk
about how I'm gonna raise the minimum
wage to 15 bucks an hour and I'm gonna
lower the maximum wage to 1450 to put
put those CEOs in their place is it
people have so much power and they don't
even realize it you know how do people
have power well if if we're able to work
together we yeah you know there was an
anti-war movement on the right which is
what helped get Trump elected and
there's an anti-war movement on the left
and that's why I think you know I they
it's in their interest to foment
fighting between the far right and the
far left right even though we agree on
anti-war stuff because that's the
important thing is to keep the wars
going war always seems to make people
money
well Barack Obama they gave him a Peace
Prize I know as birth in seven different
countries and then he immediately ramped
up the war in Afghanistan started
bombing Libya put a hit on Osama bin
Laden dropped 26 thousand bombs on Syria
and that's the thing about those Peace
Prizes nobody ever tries to win a second
one interesting so no one no one's had
consecutive no one's repeated I haven't
heard three-peat yet on the on the Peace
Prize but it's unbelievable I mean that
this is Barack Obama then went on to
torture Chelsea Manning I remember the
when this it was um the bin Laden speech
that he gave when mallanna was taken out
right that was I just remember I believe
me I'm no fan of bin Laden's but right
that was that was an eerie yes
presentation you know he's just walking
up there all alone gives his speech lets
you know this person's been taken out
I'm like it was eerie yeah we shot him
dropped him in the ocean see you later
yeah
very eerie yeah and that was a healing
moment by the way he talks about that as
being a healing moment when he
assassinated who saw a bill out of here
it helped people heal that's what he
said it's a healing so there's nothing
more healing than a an assassination
ordered by the president that really
heals people yeah it's and I remember I
can remember was that night or when
Saddam Hussein was captured but there
were these celebrations going down at
the White House right it was mostly just
drunk college kids college kids you know
I mean literally just you know it really
looked like from what you saw on TV
these weren't protesters the or these
weren't activists these were like oh we
heard this hey let's go there and just
you know just going crazy and partying
and and I remember Brian Williams being
on TV just talking about what a moment
this yeah for these kids
right Brian Williams who got pretty much
nutted in his pants when so when Trump
bomb Syria do you remember that we are
guided by the beauty of our missiles
yeah that was I saw that life when that
was going on too and that was that was
just disgusting what Brian Williams
commentary that was the and and does he
does he did
by the weight and no no there's no
refine for that he didn't get suspended
no there's no no no that's the thing
with Trump with the whole fake news
thing you know where you know the first
of all I mean Trump misuses the fake I
think there's plenty of fake news in
yeah stream media news then what the
robber uses it it's he's using it in a
dishonest way I'm often you know it'll
be because you know he never mentions
how the media mainstream media propped
him up for a year and a half basically
handed him the election but you know
when you have Brian Williams still
having a job who lied for years about
war heroics that that he did that's
called stole about ever happened
what is that called Stolen Valor yeah
and and and how he's allowed to still
have a job is is unbelievable well what
I thought was even worse than what
Breyer that that you're right that was
that should get you cuz your whole thing
as your news person is that you're you
have integrity and you an honest broker
you're gonna tell the truth
yeah well it's obviously he's not that
guy yeah but the number the bigger thing
was that not a lot of people know about
is that all during the Iraq war Brian
Williams worked for General Electric
they owned and we see at that time right
and they're a huge defense contractor
