hi everybody welcome to part three of
our interview with Jesse Ventura what is
your theory on why we have Trump why we
have Trump yes we asked Trump because
actually the Bernie and the Trump
supporters were the same and I know that
sounds shocking but they were just the
one group was highly conservative and
the other group was highly progressive
liberal but they wanted the same thing
they wanted Washington cleaned out and
that's the prevailing fallout though you
know what I just learned today my
producer at our tea a Russian guy you
know he's got the Russian accent he
tells me when I'm doing the show today
he said governor do you know that 50% of
the emails this show gets our people
asking you to run for president in 2020
Oh Jesse that would be fantastic if you
did that yeah you know I I'm flattered
over that but you see what I'm getting
to is that people were sick of
Washington you know Donald Trump said he
was going to drain the swamp the problem
is he lied he put the old relics back
into the swamp like Bothan and all these
other old Carolyn wing characters from
years past
he didn't drain the swamp he just
brought back the parasites that were
there a decade earlier and so the thing
is that's what the mayor goes looking
for when these people call me run Jesse
run it's because they know that I'm not
attached to special interest they know
that I'm going to tell him the truth as
I see it and I'm gonna speak speak
freely
the problem with Trump is he doesn't
tell the truth ever yeah the problem
with Trump is that he's not doing what
he said he drained the swamp and he
found his cabinet at the bottom of it
that's what happened so he's become a
Republican yes he started you know I
remember when I won my election and
Donald flew all the way to Minnesota to
meet with me and he did a lot of things
he copied right out of my playbook like
when Hillary this is a big
State Hillary made when Hillary was out
raising money and going the fundraisers
Donald Trump I didn't raise money I only
raised $300,000 to become the governor
of Minnesota and I need more money
actually doing the job than I spent to
get it ah nobody nobody can say that but
me but anyway his Trump saw what I did
instead of raising money he held rallies
that's what I did
you heard rollies you go out to the
people they told me in Minnesota don't
go to the colleges they don't vote
that's exactly where I went are you
kidding me the college gets to you Jesse
the body Ventura the kids turned out in
droves and the day I won the paper the
next day Ventura limbs wrongs of young
voters come out frogs they said it olds
in the minneapolis paper the quote from
it yeah and so that's what Trump if he
went to these rallies he came to
Minnesota goes out to an airport hangar
10,000 people show up well I Got News
for you if they show up for a rally
they're voting for you yep that is
correct
Hillary so Hillary is off with all the
money people she's making millions
getting donations while Trump's out
there looking at the regular people yes
you are correct I mean either way by the
way you want the ultimate thing that no
one talks about that will could dismiss
the entire Russian investigation one is
this simple fact we don't elect our
president the Electoral College does and
they're not bound by anything yeah they
can do when everything unless the
Russians got to the electoral college
how could they interfere in our election
that's a great point nobody ever brings
that up
I thought your course they don't and how
come the Democrats aren't yelling to get
rid of the electoral college that's a
week I've been saying that all over you
think that she would be campaigning to
get rid of the Electoral College because
I think the thing's ridiculous it's an
elitist system designed to
you know I found that interesting
Vladimir Putin's interview with Oliver
Stone when they accuse Vladimir points
out in our assembly we are four
different parties represented you have
only two and I and Putin says when I win
the presidency I win by the popular vote
the people don't even elect you
president yeah I people are so ignorant
about this kind of stuff in the United
States and it's because the press never
talks about this that's why shows like
yours is important and because it
actually talks about stuff like this you
saw what happened just now at the White
House Correspondents Dinner where the
comedian actually told the truth about
what's happening in Washington that the
press is actually making a lot of money
off a Donald Trump and they all love
Donald Trump for all the money he's
bringing them and then she said you know
Flint still doesn't have clean water
none of those things were mentioned in
their critiques they all talked about
the most superficial thing in the world
that she might have insulted a war
mongers of feelings who cares right
exactly I'll tell you this and I gotta
wind it down now a little bit but to all
the people that listen to your show and
I'm probably speaking to the choir
that's the problem but unless we derail
this war machine this military
industrial complex that has taken over
our country that Eisenhower warned us
about unless we stop them and stop them
fast we are going to fail because
empires that rely on war when they fell
they fell quick and they fall hard and
this country and its citizens are going
to be sitting there when all this falls
apart because military cannot support an
economy in our economy is now totally
dominated by military because we've let
all the jobs the manufacturing and all
that leave so the only thing we produce
now basically is military weapons and
when that runs out our economy is going
to go to shambo's China is going to take
over completely and
we're going to be a destitute country
and all these people here are going to
look around and say gee how did this
happen so how do we fight back against
the military-industrial complex
stop electing people that Democrats and
Republicans who both could take you to
war you're examples Hillary Clinton she
says the worst folks she ever did as a
senator was voting for the Iraq law and
all the other Democrats joined her yes I
know you see them ever though the one
budget that can't be cop defense which
they should call it war because it's not
defensive offense so people that we have
be cut people don't you can't run today
you cannot run for office and say you're
gonna cut spending like all these people
that are telling Jesse Ventura Terron
well I would come out and say I'm going
to cut defense spending well then the
press would hammering that America is
going to be unsafe because Jesse Ventura
is going to cut defense spending when we
spend more money on defense and the
other 23 biggest nations in the world do
combined so people don't realize that
we're spending 40 percent more now in
our military than we were at the height
of the Iraq war we were spending five
hundred billion on our military at the
height of the Iraq war now we're
spending seven hundred billion a year
that's a 40 percent increase that could
have paid for Bernie's free college that
could end student debt that could do an
infrastructure a job plant it could have
done a million things that people are
actually crying for in America instead
we put it in bombs and we're gonna kill
other people and create more terrorists
with it that's our plan the economy is
going to disrupt and destroy because of
it I agree with you one that all
collapses go look at George Bush and
Dick Cheney and thank them because they
remember to like I've said publicly
George W Bush is the worst president in
my lifetime now Trump maybe didn't close
that he still ain't as bad as george w
bush because george w bush invaded the
country on lies
overthrew that country occupied it and
destroyed it that's what the Nazis did
that's what the Communists did in the
old days and now George Bush and Dick
Cheney do it and here's two guys that
wouldn't even serve Cheney had five
deferments from the military and yet yes
send your kids to war but he wouldn't go
George Bush wouldn't go he had that
fraudulent enlistment there was a joke
he never was in the military truly what
do you make it got out early
nobody did fatherly so so Jesse before
you go what do you make of that George
Bush has now been completely
rehabilitated and his no hit people now
like him again Ellen take selfies with
him he goes on the talk shows everybody
struck you gives him a tongue bath and
now Richard painter is running for that
Senate seat in Minnesota it was Bush's
ethics lawyer he's now running as a
Democrat in Minnesota what and how do
these people get rehabilitated like this
because that's how the system works for
them why do you think this could do all
the things he did then he lays low for
ten years and now they'll bring him back
and there'll be naming schools after him
and Dick Cheney yeah these two guys let
me be blunt with you Cheney and Bush are
war criminals I agree with you 100%
because they said torture was okay they
advocated it they allowed it to happen
and they knew it was happening that is a
war crime so Bush and Cheney and
Rumsfeld are all guilty of war crimes
and until we could prosecute them for
those crimes the United States of
America stands for nothing can you just
before you go tell me what you think a
patriot is well a patriot is someone
like me who speaks out and holds our
governments feed to the fire because our
forefathers like Thomas Jefferson told
us that this great experiment would
never succeed unless unless the
population is vigilant unless the
population pays attention
and holds the feet to the fire when they
make bad decisions
you catch them on it you expose them
forward if there's corruption you
whistle blow them for lack of better
term whistle blow them today whistle
blows go to jail and it's all they've
taken over and to me a patriot is
someone who questions and holds their
government to such a high standard and
it is not someone who goes along and
gets along and let me say one final
thing he was on a fun note this stuff
about the flag and Colin Kaepernick okay
there isn't one law in the United States
of America that says you have to stand
and salute the flag there is not one law
that requires you to do that yet the
mode the biggest law that we have in the
land which is the First Amendment to the
Constitution of freedom of speech allows
you to burn not slide if you want to I
agree it's the the flag ironic think
about that for a minute just a let that
sink in a little bit you know patriotism
government has to earn patriotism
government cannot mandate patriotism and
forcing people to stand for a pledge of
allegiance or salute the flag that's
first patriotism I think it was Mark
Twain who said I support my country
always and my government when it
deserves it exactly some very bright
people we ought to be reading about and
listening to what they ought to say Mark
Twain Thomas Jefferson a lot of those
people they knew that the big fires
would be and the point is you and you
know what he took a knee in religion if
you do that that's considered
exceptional isn't it it's considered
reverence yeah so why with the flag is
it the opposite you tell me because it
messes up that war rally they have right
before a football game that's why
exactly
it messes up and you notice I'll finish
with this you notice the story that got
buried after one day what those estate
came out John McCain actually exposed it
he exposed it was in the defense bill
that our tax dollars are being paid to
the NFL owners so that they honor the
veterans yeah we paying for that so when
you see these big veterans things on the
NFL that's propagating well appear Alec
because you just paid an owner we've
already built a stadium for now you're
paying them to honor our veterans yes so
they're not doing it out of a sense of
patriotism the NFL or the owners they're
doing it because they're being paid to
do it well they're not now because they
got caught yeah so now they said they're
gonna donate the money to that couldn't
causes see they got caught
he fired to that and I sat back and I'm
a veteran I shot back and to me he was
like how could you insult me anymore and
now when i watch the NFL and they do one
of these big patriotic things i sit back
and i don't see how much did you get
paid to do that
yes exactly well we should be cynical
now for sure of our government
especially when it comes to war
we're in seven wars right now and people
still don't care it's well you know why
because we're not feeling any pain
here's what's got to happen we've got to
implement a war tax that the minute the
country goes to war attacks is kicked in
so that we have civil we pay for it and
we can't put it on the debt because they
put the wall on the debt so nobody feels
any stress over the law
I tell you what else to hear I'll run
for president for a moment if Jesse
Ventura runs the president years and
laws that I want enacted if the
President or any member of Congress or
the Senate folks to go to war they have
to pre designate prior to that vote a
family member who must then begin
serving the
we service that that would I will put it
into a lot of wars so that's why that'll
never really got a dog in the fight then
right right right the only guy the only
guy in modern times that I didn't think
tough that had a dog in the fight was
Vice President Biden that's right you
are correct he lost his son because of
the burn pit yeah Jesse Ventura
Jesse's a veteran venturers marijuana
manifesto is now out in paperback you
can catch the world according to Jesse
on RT every Friday at 7:30 and 10:00
p.m. Eastern a true patriot one of my
favorite guys in the world and I hope he
runs for president
Jesse Ventura thanks for being our guest
well I got an invite to the Green Party
thing this summer I don't know so
setting me up when I get there I'm not
sure but I'll tell it to you this way if
I did run I would run under the green
party banner Fan Tan they are Eddy have
some infrastructure in place yep and I
need that so you know I'll tell you
we'll have some fun you remember when I
said I'd run but I wanted Howard Stern
as my running mate yes
well dad I was serious about that let me
explain why because everybody right away
went ah what a joke dah dah dah dah dah
dah dah dah dah here's why you and Stern
wouldn't do it the oil-powered woulda
did it yeah I know
Hampton Howard of today he's too rich
now he rocked the boat anymore
but the old Howard woulda did it here's
what Bill were to did if Howard were to
ran with me serious radio does not fall
under the FCC so therefore we could have
used this show as a daily platform to
not only raise money but get our message
out for nothing yeah what would a power
extreme when Tammy Sharon told everybody
I'm running for vice president with
Jessie I need 25 bucks from everybody
how much money do you think he could
raise yeah you'd serve me that you'd be
the biggest fun
see there is a method to my madness and
then the final thing is this I needed
hard for an insurance policy because
rest assured if Jesse Ventura were to
win the presidency I would be
assassinated that's what I thought I
believe that I truly believe that so you
need a running mate like Howard Stern
for insurance because if they
assassinate you that means they get our
orders President might make them say
well you know what we better stick out
Jesse's in turn not clear well thing you
show us those hours of Jimmy there's
always a method to my madness you know I
hear ya I know there's always a reason
there's always a reason Jesse thanks
again for being sold up generous with
your time and thanks for coming on the
show and I hope to get to meet you in
person soon oh maybe I'll see you this
summer at that green hopefully I'll see
you sometime maybe the summer thank you
for subbing for me on Rt and I encourage
everyone please if you want to hear the
unfiltered news and let me make the
shameless plug our key we do not do
three interviews with everyone all these
other major media's wherever they are
they all do pre-interviews not so they
can censor things that's the sole reason
for doing a pre-interview so that they
know what you're going to talk about and
they can keep you away from talking
about certain subjects they don't want
to deal with have our tea we never do a
pre-interview fantastic yes I never get
censored imagine that the Russians don't
run for me isn't that amazing yes
we live in an upside-down world today we
really do and I pre xi8 you still doing
that show and taking all the slings and
arrows you're taking and sticking your
chin out and telling the truth and
bucking the corporate media system you
know I salute you well I believe you
retire in a few years so I can do it now
I'm
take care Jimmy we'll talk again okay
Jessie bye-bye our next live Jimmy door
show is July 1st in Portland Oregon
there's a link for tickets for all of
our live shows right there and if you
can remember please take a moment to
make sure you're subscribed to the show
it only takes a second you probably
think you're subscribed but you probably
aren't just make sure you subscribe
click that Bell so they send you a
notice when we drop a video otherwise
they won't tell you and if you become a
Premium Member or a patreon we give you
hours of bonus material every week and
we do a live chat every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time where you can ask us
questions and we'll answer them plus her
on steam it we're steaming it right now
[Music]
