so the clinton disinformation campaign
continues they got caught lying about
the dossier they got caught lying about
rigging the DNC and the primary which
was a hundred percent rigged and we know
that now the entire DNC was being run by
the Clinton campaign and all the money
being raised for the DNC and down ballot
races were being funneled to Hillary
Clinton's campaign yes all the money so
we now know that
so it's unbelievable amount of lying and
corruption that they were doing almost
mind-boggling and yet it doesn't matter
journalists can't wait to to lie for
corrupt war mongering
establishment plutocrats like the
Clintons here's one here's Jamil Smith
he's passing around a lie this is not
true he says per the actual Clinton deal
with the DNC as reported by a Saints
Wald that's add there was no conspiracy
Brazil was wrong Donna Brazile ah Donna
Brazile the person who was running the
DNC doesn't know what was happening
inside the DNC has no idea you know who
does some jag off at NBC he knows better
what was happening
really and Jim Neil Smith will tweet
that out which is in itself not to it's
false this is a false story this talk
about fake news is Twitter gonna try and
stop this fake news how about Facebook
will they stop this fake news that comes
from NBC uh I tweeted it retweeted that
and I said this lying and gaslighting of
the left by corporate by the corporate
left is the most pathetic most
disappointing disgusting thing I've seen
them do since last week
what'd they do last week last week they
tried to Gaslight everybody again by
saying that oh no that it was just
normal opposition research that was fine
that's then why'd you lie about it for a
whole year then why did you like two
congressional investigators about
funding the dossier if it was normal
opposition research why would you lie
about it because it turns out it's the
same thing you've been accused and
Donnie taina hands Trump of doing that's
what it turns out that's why you guys
lied about it so that's what they did
last week
this week they're lying about what
everyone knows to be true so now III
think they're taking away a woman's of
colors agency when they do that I don't
even know what that really means to say
that it sounds like that's what they're
doing right stuff absolutely taking your
woman of color are they taking why won't
they believe a woman of color it's it's
just disgusting racist agency yes yes I
concur
this is another one this just in
Clinton DNC deal was exclusively for
general election preparations that's not
true again this is fake news that's not
true and how do I know this is true cuz
the intercept did an article that
debunks all that bull and it says the
problem with this claim is that it is
blatantly and obviously false all one
has to do to know this is to read the
agreement yes
unlike the journal is spreading this DNC
defense and Clinton campaign defense
that's what that's what journalists are
doing journalists are literally actively
running a propaganda campaign to
Gaslight Americans for what to prop up
an unbelievably corrupt organization and
a Clinton campaign that's what
journalists are doing unlike the
journalists spreading this DNC defense
campaign Legal centres Brendan Fischer
bothered to read it and immediately saw
and documented how obviously false this
claim is there's Brendan Fischer he says
how does anybody believe the DNC Hillary
for America memo only applied to the
general Clinton controlled every
communication mentioning a primary
candidate they were running everything
that happened inside the DNC including
hiring people and what they would say in
press releases and communications about
all the other candidates and we already
I don't know if I you saw the video
where we showed you that they were
literally dot I don't want to talk about
but here's the agreement
and here's what it says the DNC will
provide Hillary for America advance
opportunity to review online or mass
email communications that features a
particular Democratic primary candidate
so in that in that article in the
agreement there's also this there
pointing to this these
propaganda charlatan pushers in the
media they're pointing to this was in
the agreement it says nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed to violate
the DNC's obligation of impartiality and
neutrality through the nominating
process all activities performed under
this agreement will be focused
exclusively on preparations for the
general election and not the Democratic
primary so they put that thing people
are pointing to that see ya just cuz you
put that paragraph in there does it mean
you guys are doing that and I would have
inserted a winky emoji if they could
have yes they would have done a winky
emoji that's what that's what they
should have been cussed so that's just
so that's something they can point to to
say see we weren't doing all the other
stuff that we were doing but you were so
that's so well here's how the intercept
explains it DNC and Clinton allies
pointed to the fact that the agreement
contained self-justifying a lawyer
language claiming that it focused
exclusively on preparations for the
general which I just showed you but as
Fisher noted the passage is contradicted
by the rest of the agreement so you have
an agreement that lays out how they're
gonna rig the primary and then they put
this paragraph at the end saying oh by
the way this doesn't screw up anything
with our impartiality no it does the
whole agreement the whole agreement is
about getting rid of the impartiality
this would be like criticism then the
intercept this would be like creating a
contract to explicitly bribe an an
elected official a will pay politician B
to vote YES on Bill X and then adding a
throwaway paragraph with a legalistic
disclaimer that nothing in this
Agreement is intended to constitute a
bribe so that so you could just put that
word so you can put that wording in
there it doesn't mean that it what that
you're actually not doing what you're
saying you're just putting it in there
so you follow right I'm explaining this
correctly okay and then have journal it
that journalists cited that paragraph to
procreate look and then this is
according to the intercept so you put
that paragraph in a bribe document and
then you have journalists cite that
paragraph to proclaim that no bribe
happened even though the agreement on
its face explicitly says the opposite so
that's literally what just happened
so they inserted that paragraph any of
the agreement rigging the primary that
says we're not rigging the primary so
then hacked journalists who are lying to
Americans then tweet that out and say
see with doing no investigation
whatsoever about the document they're
talking about or their actual reality of
the situation and all this is to do to
do what to Gaslight Americans at the
defense of the establishment that's all
this is this is journalism
that's what journalists do in America
today they do red-baiting McCarthyism
they and they well we know that they are
there just afford the interests of the
plutocrats the establish a mesquite on
us that right Ron I'm not you you're
smarter even pants about that you're a
professor Ron go ahead well yeah it's
almost like when you cherry-pick through
a document you can arrange its meaning
to mean what you want it to mean like
and that's exactly what they're doing
here
it makes me think there was this a
comedian that that I I was on the road
with a little bit and he when he would
pitch his CD he wanted to make a bit out
of it as comedians often do when you
pitch your CD and the way he did it was
his joke was I don't wanna tell I don't
want to report my merch sales on my
taxes so he's like I'm not actually
selling these but if you want to take
one and then leave five dollars but I am
in no way intending to sell these that's
essentially what this yes like at the
end we're gonna do this but by the way
we're not intending this at all at the
end you know Jimmy I want to add with
Donna Brazile she says the funding
arrangement while not illegal sure
looked unethical and
Shido scientist and Geetha that's all
thing oh this isn't a legal but she says
if the fight had been fair one campaign
would not have control of the party
before the voters had decided which one
they wanted to lead Brazil added this
was not a criminal act but as I saw it
it compromised the party's integrity
yeah you think what yeah we could think
maybe yeah I mean this is horrifying
that we're sitting here where we are
because the DNC because they allowed
Clinton to control everything and that's
why we have president Trump so what yes
that is correct stuff that is why we
have President Trump not because I
thought I thought mostly you was
probably cause of Susan Sarandon but
turns out is the DNC cheating and
rigging the primary for a candidate who
was bound to lose to no matter who they
ran against the Clinton DNC agreement
explicitly vested the Clinton campaign
with control over key matters during the
primary season the exact opposite of
what journalists on Twitter caused
hundreds of thousands if not millions of
people to believe so that's been
happening journalists on Twitter
spreading fake news in defense of the
establishment who's doing it how about
pieces of stuff like Howard Dean Howard
Dean says turns out the memo down and
spoke about applied only to the general
election if so this memo was standard
operating procedure for fifteen years
okay what's not if so it's not again
you're a liar Howard Dean is a confirmed
liar he said he's just a bald-faced liar
he doesn't care who he lies to and he
works for UH one of the biggest lobbying
firms in the world right now and a lot
and they lobby against uh Medicare for
all and that's why he's not for it
anymore
that's who Howard Dean is Howard Dean's
a coward Chris Harris Chris Hayes
however the memo also made clear that
the arrangement pertained only to the
general election a big deal this is
Chris Hayes that's Chris Hayes doing
straight-up propaganda straight up did
you
not read the thing that you're tweeting
out Chris you can pay $30,000 a day
Chris the least you could do is read the
document you're reporting on $30,000 a
day and you know it's wrong
he Chris Hayes knows what he's doing is
wrong he knows he's gaslighting you and
he doesn't give a because he's paid
thirty thousand dollars a day to
Gaslight you and he gladly does
it you know I used to you know I used a
lot of hyperbole on Chris Hayes on this
show but it it there is nothing more
disgusting than what he's doing now so
he's just come he is a scumbag
III don't hate that is not a good person
what Chris Hayes is doing now is
detrimental to our country our society
our democracy he's gaslighting people
about the truth about how Grigg their
their election process is he's lying the
people I'm purpose he's dumber
than me you think Chris Hayes is dumber
than me he doesn't know better is that
what it is I'm smarter than Chris Hayes
I doubt it what it is is I have
integrity and I have courage and that's
way more important than intelligence
integrity and courage way more important
than intelligence look what
before eyes Chris Hayes is doing right
here look what mr. Poindexter is doing
he's lying to you at the top of his
lungs for money and that's what
he does every goddamn day this is the
guy who who said Susan Sarandon was can
you look me in the eye this is the guy
now lying to people
here's another class act Keith Olbermann
ah no comes right at a woman of color
calls her a liar Wow Donna Brazile
managed to end her career three times on
just one issue ending a career pot meet
kettle
Wow coming from Keith Olbermann the guy
who's in a fashion magazine now doing
rants that he literally sounds insane
yeah I mean his opinion Ron put it
another way his opinion is so crazy and
stupid that it sounds like I bet he he
should be working for a fashion magazine
oh wait
he is working for a fashion magazine
that guy talked about career right I
mean all the irony all the
hypocrisy slips right past these
 I'm sorry I shouldn't
swear like that people are getting upset
aren't you like just so struck by the
whole idea that we are Donna Brazile and
Keith Oberman
somehow I've collided together and Keith
over Oberman reveals himself not to be
the creep and the condescending arrogant
turd that he is and that it's donna
brazile i couldn't you asked me last you
know before this donna brazile thing
happened I would have said no I'm done
with Donna Brazile i can't support her I
feel like she's a sellout oh my god so
here is Keith Olbermann I wish he still
had a career to end that would be nice
here's Julian Assange the secret Clinton
DNC agreement Donna Brazile proves out
of Brazil right it's for the general is
nonsense
ah the opposite is true it specifies
September 1st 2015 commencement in
September 11th appointment of Clinton
picks communications direct October 1st
first cast payment of 1.2 million
dollars March 31st 2016 termination date
so the agreement went from September 1st
2015 to March 31st 2016 and they got to
pick the communications director and the
cash started flowing so this guy says
this is how they should have handled it
the right course of action would have
been to make the DNC's predicament
public in 2015 the predicament that
debbie Wasserman Schultz bankrupted them
that's what they should have made public
and that they were still paying all the
consultants and they were still paying
all the consultants of Barack Obama's
campaign they're still paying them
they're not supposed to do that in off
years they kept paying for all the
consultants and but what were those
consultants doing that Donna that debbie
Wasserman Schultz was paying really the
Clinton campaign was paying you know
what they were doing their writing
negative articles about Bernie Sanders
did you know that yes debbie Wasserman
Schultz was funneling cash to
consultants that she shouldn't have been
paying in off year and they were writing
negative articles about Bernie Sanders
okay the right course of action would
have been to make the DNC's predicament
public in 2015
wipe the slate clean going into the
primary season and be done with it but
Hillary and her campaign decided to use
Wasserman Schultz's ineptitude to have
an outright influence on the DNC instead
now both small donors and large donors
don't trust the DNC and aren't giving to
the organization Hillary and her
campaign the party long term in
order to tip the scales in her favor in
the primary that's who's wrecking the
Democratic Party the Hillary Clinton
campaign Katz who's wrecking people's
confidence in their government it's not
Russia
it's the Hillary Clinton campaign it's
not Russia
it's the Hillary Clinton campaign which
showed that their elections was
completely rigged and corrupt and guess
what DNC enters 2018 in a cash panic no
kidding
people don't want to donate to an
organization that's a hundred percent
corrupt and lies to them constantly and
still is that's weird that's weird
remember when they said this member so
every time you saw debbie Wasserman
shield say this well first let me just
reiterate that the Democratic National
Committee remains neutral in this
primary that she's lying she's lying
not to the Russians not to the
Republicans not to Fox News debbie
Wasserman Schultz is lying to you the
American voter she's lying to you the
Democratic voter she's lying to you the
left the liberal that progressive that's
who she's lying to not lying to our
enemies she's like to us
and it's disgusting and there should be
a price to be paid for this and the
price to be paid is the Democratic
National Committee should go away the
Democratic Party should go away and
there should be a third party to rise up
to fill it a Progressive Party that
looks out for workers that's what should
happen so key all those guys know that
Donna Brazile is a liar
that's what Keith Olbermann is saying
that's what Howard Dean is saying that's
what all those hacks are saying well
let's see let's see what is that what
does Elizabeth Warren say see very
quickly senator do you agree with the
notion that it was rigged yes okay uh I
guess Pete Olbermann's right I guess
Keith Olbermann is right I guess Chris
Hayes is right and she's lying right I
guess he's lying even though we could
read the document ourselves and if Chris
Hayes if you read that document and you
still tweeted that out
you're scum and if you didn't read that
and you tweeted that out you're an
incompetent scum you're a lazy scum
you're a hack lazy hack scum that's what
Chris Hayes is and he knows I'm right
and he doesn't give a just like
debbie Wasserman Schultz doesn't give a
Chris Hayes doesn't give a that
he's lying to you that he's wrong that
he's propping up a corrupt establishment
they don't give a which is why
people get their news from YouTube
please make sure you subscribe they're
making it hard for people to find our
videos so you have to subscribe and ring
that Bell or click the bell next to it
so we get a notice every time we drop a
video our next live Jimmy door shows
December 4th in Burbank California
November 20th and Hollywood California
link for tickets right there thanks for
your support
you
