welcome to the second part of our
interview with Jill Stein she's in the
news again because she's been called in
front of a Senate panel investigating
Russia gate and the connections between
her campaign and Russia and right now in
this part of the interview we she's
gonna explain to us how the Left can
actually come together and we can have a
progressive force politically people
need to think beyond one election cycle
and I think that's the problem with
America now you know I don't know if
you're aware of this but there was a
convention of all the major unions
recently maybe a month or two ago and
they've came to the conclusion that the
lesser of two evils to stop and that
they want to start they want to start
their own third party now so are you
where that yes I am and I think it would
be really terrific for us to get
together you know and I know also that
they are very torn as the labor movement
has been for quite some time about the
issues of third parties and how do you
exercise the you know the power of a
third party without running into the
spoiler issue that is a very big issue
for them so I would love to work with
them around passing rank-choice voting
because the minute you do that this
whole spoiler straitjacket this
extortion based on fear on you know the
threat that you are going to enable your
worst fear by asserting your values in
our democracy rank-choice voting gets
rid of that the state of Maine just
passed it overwhelmingly by voter
referendum it exists already in many
cities around the country and countries
around the world
it works it gets rid of the spoiler
thing and it completely eliminates that
fear that the the afl-cio has right now
about how do you deal with this so I say
that if the corporate Democrats who wag
their finger at people like me for not
voting for corporatist warmongers and
instead voting for the Green Party or
voting for someone else if they were
really serious about defeating
right-wingers and the and whoever it is
they would be pushed
rank-choice voting after this last
election what you don't hear anybody no
one by the way nobody has any solutions
on how to fix what happened last time
the person who got more votes lost and
we end up with the right-wing demagogue
and no one has a problem with that like
that's not democracy last time I checked
when the person who got less votes
becomes the winner that's and imagine if
it happened the opposite way right if
Trump got more votes and Hillary Clinton
became there would be a lot more
problems than the Democrats just rolled
right over and if they really cared
about representing people and having
real democracy they would be fighting to
get rid of the electoral college for one
and number two ranked choice voting but
they don't want rigged choice voting
Jill you and I both know that because if
they got that that would be the end to
them exactly I mean and and that's sort
of like the elephant in the room here
that there is a political revolt that
Democrats and Republicans are hanging on
by a thread
Republicans are really just a you know
an illusion of a party you know and and
Trump represents really the failure of
that of that party and Democrats you
know are they they're both minority
parties right now and the Democrats have
really paved the way for this crisis we
have now neoliberalism throwing working
people under the bus for decades you
know has made this revolt inevitable and
if you silence the progressive vision of
the revolt and the progressive vehicle
you make it inevitable that a demagogue
will prevail and that's exactly what
happened when the Democrats sabotaged
Bernie Sanders they made Trump
inevitable and remember you know how is
it that that Donald Trump got lifted up
to start with that was thanks to the DNC
and their sabotage as revealed in the
leaked emails that would lift up the
so-called Pied Piper candidates that
would be so easy for you Larry Clinton
to run against so you know this is a
disaster
a bipartisan disaster the victory of
Donald Trump represents the failure of
this bipartisan corporatized political
system that has long been sold out and
which
driven by predatory banks fossil fuel
giants war profiteers the the health
insurance industry and the rest and
good-faith efforts have been made for
decades and generations to reform this
party the Democrats I'm speaking on and
it's instructed to go back and look at
what happened with Henry Wallace coming
you know towards the end of the Second
World War Henry Wallace was Bernie
Sanders on steroids and what the
Democratic Party did to him was like the
Sanders sabotage on steroids basically
shutting off the microphone just before
he was about to be nominated at a
convention where there was overwhelming
support they basically adjourned the
convention in a hurry brought it back
the next morning and essentially
railroaded through the nomination of
Harry Truman giving us Hiroshima and
Nagasaki giving us the Truman Doctrine
giving us the Cold War and all that has
followed now why did that happen
it had a lot to do with the power of the
weapons industry which has been you know
one of the faithful supporters of the
Democratic Party there was an effort to
reform the Democratic Party you may have
heard about maybe too young to remember
but in the 60s and the 70s as the
so-called realignment movement which
attempted to harness the power of the
civil rights movement together with the
labor movement which were both going
strong around then and to harness that
in order to create a socialist
Democratic Party out of the Democratic
Party and it floundered on what on the
rocks of the war in Vietnam because if
you didn't support the war in Vietnam
then you didn't have the credibility to
actually critique the Democratic Party
so it's a party of war and wall street
it ain't gonna change we've been waiting
for about three generations now and you
know as far as I'm concerned you don't
want to hold your breath because you're
gonna go to your grave holding your
breath we're out of time the you know
aside from climate change the nuclear
confrontation that is happening before
our eyes around Russia and in the Korean
Peninsula and you know not to mention
the sixth extinction which is going
strong and which is likely to
eliminate half of all existing species
by the end of the century guess what
that includes us you don't survive a
major extinction if you are larger than
a squirrel
okay so we're out of time you know it's
like the music has stopped there are
only a couple chairs there you got to
decide where you're gonna sit and we
need to sit with the power of the people
and the words of Alice Walker the
biggest way people give up power is by
not knowing we have it to start with we
have it we see that over and over again
and I think there are very exciting
movements taking place right now which
are coming together which are seeing our
our interdependence that our lives
really are depending on our getting this
together for an agenda for people planet
and peace over profit and that starts
now
only we do it so let me ask you about
John that point you know Bernie Sanders
campaign revealed and continues to by
the way he that he's the most popular
his platform not him personally I don't
think I think it's his platform and his
ideas that are more popular right
because if you remember he was filling
stadiums during the primary and as soon
as he stopped talking about the things
he was talking about and tried to get
people to vote for Hillary Clinton
people stopped coming out to hear him
talk so it wasn't about Bernie Sanders
it was about Bernie Sanders ideas and
Bernie Sanders message so he still pulls
it like you know he's 85 percent
approval inside the Democratic Party and
he's the most popular politician in the
country because of his positions so why
can't if these ideas are so popular why
can't the progressives get together
around one candidate or around again
what so it just seems like we're gonna
have the Democratic socialists of
America we're gonna have the Green Party
we'll have a progressive run inside the
Democratic parties so we're splitting
our votes everywhere how do we come
together because I think we'll we know
through polls when they poll America on
issues they're progressive right so
people the majority of Americans right
now the majority of Americans want
single-payer health care even the
majority of Republicans
now so the it's it's it's come to a
point people want to end the overseas
our foreign adventures in these wars and
they want to cut the military but we're
not getting it right because we live in
a NOLA gar key because I think like just
like you said we have the power but
we're diluting it by having all these
different progressive movements in
sedima hat how do we coalesce Jil that
because if we don't we're gonna get more
corporatism how do we coalesce shirts
that's how I see it happening it needs
to happen faster but as greens we have
been working with many of the small
lefty socialist parties from the
Progressive Party to the ISO to
socialist alternative and others and
we've been working together not always
but most of the time and I think we have
to do that in a bigger way and we have
to use the resources that we have right
now you know I think greens have been
smeared forever as the most organized
national independent non corporate party
and there's been a lot of resistance
generated against the greens because we
have been the major threat but where we
collaborate with other independent third
parties you know that's where we start
getting strong and I think you're
absolutely right we have to proceed
there is a group called left elect which
is an umbrella for that organization
there was another small group that came
along recently the progressive
independent party which isn't exactly a
party and they held a convention a
couple months back I think you were
there earlier in the day then I arrived
but a lot of people came together for
that and one of the things we decided at
that strategy meeting is that they need
to merge with left elect and you know
start creating the infrastructure here
for doing this work so I think the
groundwork is laid but we are also
distracted it's like when the ship
begins to sink you know all hell breaks
loose but you have to
you know you have to get together and
you have to get focused and I think
things are serious enough and are bad
enough especially now with this new
outbreak of you know assault on our
democracy whether it's the j-20 trials
that are out to criminalize protests and
knock on wood they just had a big
victory today I think it was yesterday
yesterday yeah yeah they all you know
we're exonerated in this first batch six
out of 200 you know so they got a ways
to go but this is a very good beginning
it's a push back against this outrageous
assault on our right of protest the
attack on the net neutrality which is
essentially the free and open Internet
this is an assault on our freedom of
speech
you know the assault now on independent
third parties taking place in my being
targeted in the in the Russia
investigation without any cause
whatsoever and with ample public record
that there's nothing going on here you
know this is this is a heads up as many
people have said to me if they're coming
for you they're coming for me
and you know this is this is like the
next step in our evolution towards
McCarthyism war is not compatible and
shall we say Empire is not compatible
with democracy and we have this massive
entrenched expanding war the war in
Afghanistan
you know how far have we gotten the
Brown University cost of war came up
with study came up with you know five
and a half trillion dollars couple weeks
ago five and a half trillion and
Counting and no sign of diminishing it's
only getting bigger more than half of
our discretionary budget we got
entrenched vampire right now we have
troops you probably know this in
practically every country around the
world when the you know when the
killings took place of the soldiers in
where's at Niger news year you know
suddenly we realize what we have troops
in a chair we have troops in what 30
countries in Africa and we've got
special ops going on in 150 countries
around the world we got a problem the
next biggest number of
kourin basis of any country in the world
is Russia you know how many they have
you probably know this go ahead they
have less than a dozen okay and we have
like 800 and Counting some say a
thousand well here we don't it's it's
over a thousand we don't know exactly
how many cuz lots of them are secret
exactly secret and they have now these
what are they called lily pad bases
they're sort of like prefab bases and
rice holed up all over the place so this
is not compatible with democracy and as
Chris Hedges has pointed out beautifully
there are some very disturbing analogies
between you know the the Roman emperors
and what we got in the White House right
now you know this is uh this is a
catastrophe that is unveiling before our
very eyes Empire is not consistent with
democracy and our democratic
institutions are very much under assault
right now you know including our
constitutional rights of press and
protest and and the security state the
surveillance state etc and the
incarceration state our civil liberties
are under assault democracy is hanging
in the balance that goes with Empire we
need a broad revolt that revolt is
happening it tends to be organized by
issues we really need to crosslink the
issues and to work together to stop this
while we still have time and if there's
any silver lining here you know it's
that we have no alternative right now
our lives really depend on changing this
lethal trajectory that we are on with
the two-party system and you know Jimmy
I think a lot of this the the left elect
coalition was going strong and you know
what tore apart Bernie Sanders campaign
oh no kidding yeah it totally tore it
apart because there were people who said
oh we got to give this a try but the
premise of left elect is that corporate
financed political parties cannot solve
the crisis that we're in we need
independent politics that is independent
of corporate sponsored political parties
so even if you're a good guy running
with a bad party it's not gonna do it so
that was the premise of left elect and
we had to go through that two-year
disruption with the Sanders campaign to
come back exactly where we were
beforehand so you know some have said
well is this what it you know was this
intended by the Sanders campaign somehow
you know was this how Bernie thought he
was gonna influence Hillary's agenda you
know but who knows you know I'm not
inside his head I certainly can't
pretend to be I've never had a
conversation with him I wish I could but
I can't and here we are back where we
started I think it's really important to
let go of independent politics in the
words of Frederick Douglas power
concedes nothing without a demand it
never has it never will we need to
establish that demand on this corrupt
lethal predatory corporate sponsored
two-party system that's where we'll
start moving I think we need to shed
those illusions and get on with it
[Music]
