hey everybody welcome to our livestream
we're starting early today
normally we start late but we're
starting early today because we have a
special guest in the house tonight with
us so it's Chris Hedges is here ladies
and gentlemen hi Chris how are you
thanks for being our guest thanks Jimmy
let me just tell everybody who Chris is
if you're not familiar with them he's a
journalist Presbyterian minister a
visiting Princeton University lecturer
his books include war is a force that
gives us meaning a finalist for the
National Book Critics Circle Award for
nonfiction and Peyer of Illusion the end
of literacy and the triumph of spectacle
death of the liberal class days of
destruction days of revolt written with
cartoonist Joe Sacco which was the New
York Times bestseller and his most
recent wages of rebelling the moral
imperative a rebuttal this is actually
his most recent it's the America the
film farewell tour I don't know if you
could see that if they liked it but
we'll put it up America the farewell
tour which I just got done reading and
people I just saw people know a little
bit more about you you were a columnist
for the progressive and commentary
website TruthDig where I read most of
your stuff he's also a host for the
television program on contact on RT he
spent nearly two decades as a foreign
correspondent in Central America West
Asia Africa the Middle East and the
Balkans
he has reported for more than 50
countries and his work for the Christian
Science Monitor and PR Dallas Morning
News the New York Times where he was a
foreign correspondent for 15 years and
in 2001 he contributed to the New York
Times staff entry that received the 2002
Pulitzer Prize for explanatory
explanatory reporting for the papers
coverage of global terrorism and he also
received the Amnesty International
global Award for Human Rights
journalism in 2002 so that is a pretty
impressive
you know nobody I don't think in
actually frames where we're at as a
society better than you do and so you
know I read you and I listened to your
speeches so it makes me very unpopular
on news shows so I just want to say
thank you for being here welcome yeah
thanks for having me and can you just I
love the story I don't know if you want
to tell it but how you knew you wanted
to be a war horse
do you remember the story I remember
that story that's so that's a long story
you want me to tell it we could shorten
it up you're good this is it a good part
you're being chased you're with this
girl right so I was fired from an unpaid
internship on the House Foreign Affairs
Committee because I was on the Carter
presidency it was just as I was in
colleges and I was investigating how
Gulf and Western which is now morphed
into the Trump Tower in New York was
breaking labor unions in the Dominican
Republic by murdering the labor union
leaders were being founded ditches with
so a bunch of two vice-presidents from
Gulf and Western came in got me fired
from my unpaid internship and I
hitchhike went around and collected $210
from all the other interns hitchhiked to
Florida flew to the Dominican Republic
and I had you know basic Spanish but not
good enough to do this to finish the
story which I wanted to finish and
publish and I walked out of the I
arranged my church connections to stay
in a dormitory for Haitian cane cutters
run by the Episcopal Church I walked out
I run into an American she introduces
herself as mrs. c'mon yo and I said
c'mon yo you mean like Francisco c'mon
yo who after the Marines invaded the
Dominican Republic in 65 went to Cuba
like and got a rebel force like che
landed and the u.s. Rangers hunted him
down and killed him
told her and so she hooked me up with
her daughter who now I was like 20 her
daughter was in her 30s she's come back
from New Jersey where she gotten
divorced and we go out to these
sweatshops where people are as they are
in any sweatshop working under
horrendous conditions and at a certain
point I was taking pictures they were
beating some of the workers with these
big truncheon and they started chasing
me but I'd been a college runner I'd
been a really good track runner and they
couldn't get me and but I'm darting
through the grass and I think her name
was Liliana she was driving up and down
but
Queen the sweatshops screaming out the
window don't touch him i'ma c'mon yo and
then it started raining I made a run for
it I jumped in her car we drove back
towards Santa Domingo and maybe an hour
outside the city we stopped in one of
these shacks that sold beer and drank
quite a bit of beer and got out in the
parking lot and the rain had stopped and
you have that kind of feral vegetation
with the steam and I'm standing right
next to her in the car and she says did
I ever tell you I have a tattoo
I said no she said would you like to see
it I said sure and she unzipped her
pants and had this little butterfly
tattoo and it was at that moment I knew
I wanted to be a foreign correspondent
[Laughter]
[Music]
one of the great all-time stories so in
your book America the farewell tour you
know people are always asking me what is
near neoliberalism why is it so bad well
I you and I never really have what I
consider to be a good succinct answer
for them and they're always it's never
satisfying for either of us we would it
be correct to say it's another term for
would be corporate capitalism is what
you talk about in your in your book is
that is that a closed or just tell
people what you think how corporate
capitalism is well corporate capitalism
is about the destruction of democratic
institutions and national economies to
enrich a tiny cabal a global oligarchic
corporate elite neoliberalism is the
utopian ideology that was created to
justify the massive social inequality
and misery and destruction of social
service programs I mean right down
through public education so this is
something Karl Marx God every ruling
ideology every ruling class creates an
ideology to justify their own privilege
their own elitism and their own right
to hoard wealth resources and power at
the expense of everyone else so you had
the divine right of kings i mean louis
xvi was still trying to make this claim
in the tennis court you know the famous
when they walked out of the national
assembly that precipitated the french
revolution you had systems like
communism and fascism that elevated a
certain elite in the case of fascism it
was racial in the case of communism that
was class it's all there so corporate
capitalism uses neoliberalism but it's
an ideology that makes no sense
economically the whole idea there's
nothing in and in you know 4,000 years
of settled society to convincingly argue
that by enriching your oligarchic class
this is good for the economy or good for
the working class or gay we know that it
isn't but we got spun this lie
courtesy of these court years these kind
of intellectual courtiers Leo Strauss
others and all the useful idiots like
Greenspan and everybody else but it but
as a rational ideology it was always
absurd that you should make your entire
society kneel before the dictates of the
marketplace and that the primacy of the
marketplace should determine how you
structure your government your your
culture you there it is but we and those
who who who criticize neoliberalism I'm
going back to Sheldon Wolin who was our
greatest contemporary political
philosopher they were ruthlessly shut
out a Wolin wrote the book democracy
incorporated I highly recommend it
where he uses the term inverted
totalitarianism to describe our system
but but once he started calling out
neoliberalism for the con that it was he
and the other critics were purged from
the universities purged from the mass
media and so we were so let me just so
you know you put it very I'm already
forgetting how you said it but if the
neoliberalism is that your society
should kneel in front of the dictates of
the free market or the market right and
that everything should come from the
free market so and that the free market
is somehow equatable with democracy yes
so that's a big mistake that a lot of
people make that day antithetical to
democracy completely free market is yeah
yeah how so well we've seen it it's
destroyed democracy it's destroyed open
society around the globe it's why we are
watching these troglodyte proto-fascist
rise up Viktor Orban or Nigel Farage in
England or Boris Johnson or Donald Trump
or I mean they the when when a tiny
cabal seizes power whether it's Minh
Arkell communists fascists or in our
case corporate and it captures the
mechanisms and the institutions that
once made incremental and piecemeal
reform possible to redirect all
resources all power and/or wealth
towards this cabal then it Visser AIT's
an open society because as the American
population is pushed further and further
into distress probably 60% of this
country lives in severe distress it uses
harsher and harsher forms of control I
mean one of the interesting things about
this moment in American history is that
this peculiar ideology no longer has any
credibility across the political
spectrum right or left and so that's why
the ruling elites I know you've done a
lot on voter suppression voter
are using a variety of mechanisms of
which voter suppression is one to ensure
that the anger that is now rippling
through the American landscape is never
expressed in a way that can remove them
from power I mean that you fix electoral
politics and the Democratic Party as I
know you have been one of the few to
point out as as culpable as the
Republican Party in doing this yeah um
so you're saying it's not susan sarandon
it's snow and it's not plaid amir putin
either hey that's why i thought all our
problems were caused by russia meddling
or susan sarandon or a combination it's
called the Democratic Party of New York
State sorry I wanted to start off
differently I'm so stupid I screwed up
but um because I wanted you to tell the
story about how you came to not work for
the New York Times anymore and I saw a
videotape of you giving a commencement
speech and people started to boo because
you were telling the truth about the
Iraq war and there were a lot of people
who didn't want to hear it and it was
most of the crowd that was yeah that was
and they started to boo and yell who
stood up and started singing god Bless
America to drama during your speech yeah
and then they cut the mic twice and then
it was my first and last invitation to
give a commencement address so it was so
bad that you know year Sukkot was in the
president's office no no it was my
jacket I had one of those academic gowns
oh right and so so at the end it's on
YouTube just kind of yeah I saw it right
great
these two guys from the graduating class
get up and try and literally push me off
the podium so campus security is
freaking out and they don't want me
seated up there while the students come
to collect their diplomas because
they're worried that some of the
students will attack me right so they
come before they begin the awarding of
diplomas they the security comes and
tells me that they're going to take me
off campus and I said about my code it's
in the president's office they said
we'll mail
you your coach which they did I have to
be say they did mail at me and so then
they drove me to my hotel room while I
got my suitcase and then drove me to the
bus station and put me on a bus to
Chicago now was hit and the next day the
Rockford Starr register whatever the
paper is had a banner headline that said
speaker disrupts Rockford graduation
that's American press at its best so now
the New York Times gets win to this and
well what happened was I mean The Times
had been I've been 15 years at the time
so you know I don't know that they were
hugely surprised that I was running
around I had been the Middle East bureau
chief for the New York Times I'd been
seven years the Middle East so I don't
know that they were I didn't like it but
I had been denouncing the calls to
invade Iraq for some time publicly and
on shows like Charlie Rose the you know
so but what happened is the right-wing
media got it and what they do is they
lynch you remember when they lynched
Howard Dean when he screamed yes gore
they lynched that was the left-wing
media that did that Oh was it oh I
missed that right you mean Comcast yeah
so or they lynched Jarrett Jeremiah
Wright who I admire immensely I think
Kerry's amazing guys so anyway but they
take a little clip and then they run it
every hour every six my daughter was an
elementary school and they were I don't
know watching some PBS show but they
were flicking through the channels and
all the students go look that's your dad
and I was it was ubiquitous and then the
trash talk radio was just the Wall
Street Journal even wrote an editorial
denouncing me what yeah as I don't know
left-wing pacifist ridiculous so so The
Times hand was forced to respond there
was a lot of public pressure and so they
called me in and issued me a written
reprimand I mean they called me in to
give it to me it was good this kind of
like the Vatican or something and for
impugning the impartiality of the New
York Times by attacking the calls to
invade Iraq and under guild rules you
give the employee the reprimand and then
if they keep violating it that's grounds
for firing them so they were just
setting me up to kick me out and so you
you had a choice to either stop telling
the truth about the Iraq war and or or
and keep your job right or keep telling
the truth about it and lose your job
right and so when you I mean that's a
big deal you walked away from the New
York Times it is a big deal and I don't
want to pretend that it was easy and you
know I mean I was in I wouldn't do it
ha ha ha my hands were sweating I mean
I'm not gonna pretend it was an easy
decision I mean I knew what I had to do
but I don't want to make light of it
right I mean that's a lot of people
aren't you know I mean at some point in
everyone's life I think they come to a
choice like that but not remember
probably not that huge where they have
that much at stake and and then you
didn't know do you think it was because
your dad yeah yeah because my dad had
been a Presbyterian minister who had
been very involved in the anti-war
movement although he was a veteran from
World War two he'd been a sergeant in
North Africa he was very involved in the
civil rights movement and he was very
involved in the gay rights movement his
youngest brother was gay so he who is
very close to and he had a particular
sensitivity to the pain of being a gay
man in America in the 50s and the 60s
and to his credit he translated that
into denouncing the homophobia of the
Presbyterian Church and he himself was
kind of pushed out so that was you know
I was admiring my father a lot you you
don't you don't teach anyone morality
you show them and and that's the real
power of the moral life so I always
member one of the last times I saw my
father he'd gotten a job as a chaplain
and a
Detention Facility it had you know huge
churches he'd been very successful as a
minister sitting in a little office and
without windows in the basement and I
remember walking out of that building at
that point I think I was in the Balkan
bureau chief for the New York Times or
something but I certainly knew who was
the greater human being so when that
when the Times offered me that or gave
me that reprimand and offered me that
choice between muzzling myself to pay
fealty to my career I knew I couldn't
because I couldn't betray my dad and you
know when I walked out of the building
on 229 West 43rd Street I kind of
articulated for the first time what it
was that my father had given me which
was freedom that I didn't need any
institution including the New York Times
to tell me who I was I knew who I was I
was my father's son and that is the
greatest gift you can give to a child or
to anyone yeah yeah so you were lucky
yeah yeah good for you now you know they
say that well I don't have kids so I
never want to always want to say stuff
about kids but I got four I might give
you one that's just a joke to my
children it's not true the first five
years are the hard ones so let me just
so now the people who are anchors of our
pretend lefty news shows today I would
say the people on MSNBC and right have
you come on they have me once yeah yeah
what but they would tell that they
wouldn't take the they take those jobs
telling themselves I'm guessing the lie
that well if I I'm gonna do the best I
can like you could have told yourself
that lie well I'll stay working at the
New York Times and I'll be as anti-war
as is possible inside this system and if
I wasn't here there'd be nobody pushing
right so that's as you think that's what
they tell themselves the people who can
work for the corporation who pushed the
wars and who trashed the progressive
politics
yeah some of them and the others are
just Craven careerists yeah most people
at the inception of the call to invade
Iraq
you know George Packer at The New Yorker
these kinds of figures who are running
around being Bush's cheerleaders for the
war they knew what was good for their
coming this is what the liberal class
that's why traditionally the capitalist
elites allow liberal liberals around
because they set the parameters of
acceptable debate and and they serve as
the attack dogs against those who
question the motives and the values of
the ruling elite and when you question
the motives and values of the ruling
elite you are immediately pushed out and
the way that you are discredited is by
those figures within the society who
hold themselves up as the moral voice of
society Chomsky writes very well about
this I wrote a book called death of the
liberal class but almost everything I
know or understand about the liberal
establishment comes from Nome but that's
their role and and I think a lot of more
careerists are kind of very cynical and
I and probably you're right a lot of
them tell themselves better me than I
don't know Steven Miller or something
right right so I it's got to be some
kind of mental gymnastics
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are subscribed there's
a good chance you're not so please check
it only takes a second and then click
that bell and that's how you know you'll
get a notice every time we drop a video
they still won't notify you every time
we drop a video but that's the best we
can do plus if you like the show you
want to support it please become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and come see a live
show go to jimmy dore comedy calm for
our live schedule
[Music]
