hi everybody welcome Jimmy doors show
I'm here with the miserable liberal and
special guest Steve scroll van is with
us hi Steve hi Jimmy how you doing very
good now if you don't know who Steve is
he's hilarious comedian writer producer
director if you like that show Everybody
Loves Raymond he had a lot to do with
that he'd be laughing and a lot of the
stuff he wrote for that and he's also
doing a stand-up show stand-up for Main
Street with Bill burrs on it and a lot
of other comedians and that's act
October 22nd October 28th on Sunday this
coming Sunday Sunday there's everybody
go to citizen org and I get your tickets
for that special it's and there's all
different price range of tickets so he's
not very affordable it's a great
stand-up show it helps a great cause
Steve's Grove and okay so today I want
to talk to you about you know have weeks
we've told you on this show that the
Russia gate was a mistake for the
Democrats to push Russia gate but the
reason why they are pushing it is
because they don't want to do an autopsy
on why we have Trump and the reason why
we have Trump is because the Democratic
Party is completely bought and paid for
by the people they're supposed to be
regulating and well guess what so now
Politico here we go
molar report prepare for disappointment
so now they're preparing people to be
let down by the Muller investigation
everybody's being prepared to be let
down be forewarned that the special
counsels findings may never be made
public that's that's it that's that so
badly right there so they're good so
Steve I don't know why won't they be
made public because they're
disappointing or because I'm gonna guess
today because they're disappointing but
here we'll get into it so President
Donald Trump's critics have spent the
past this is from Politico Politico
right this isn't from common dreams that
org is from Politico yeah this is from
socialist worksite website or something
this isn't from World Wide Web this is
from Politico it says President Donald
Trump's critics have spent the past 17
months anticipating what some expect
will be among the most thrilling events
of their lives special counsel robert
boas
report on Russian 2016 election
interference they may be in for a
disappointment I love Huck that's good
writing by the way it sounds like my
first sexual encounter I didn't really
warn her I think that's what it's I
think that's what it said on says on
Robert Muller's tinder profile prepare
for disappointment man who would have
thought that the folks responsible for
the Iraq war would let us down again
there's there is more to I'm sure I'm
sure a ton of people in the corporate
media is gonna apologize mom I'm sure
they will right well what's Rachel
Maddow gonna talk about what is she
gonna talk about now she's gonna have to
talk about actual policies yeah that's
the word Politico got from the defense
lawyers working on the Russia probe and
more than 15 former government officials
with investigation experience spanning
Watergate to the 2016 election case the
word that they got from those people is
prepare for disappointment in the robber
book so and by the way we've tried to
tell you this I tried to warn people
about this this whole show has been
doing this ever since this started I
tried to do it I brought bill Binney on
who's the NSA expert codebreaker he told
you it was I had on oh I showed
you how Mike Morrell the former CIA
director said there's never gonna be any
evidence he tried to warn people about
it here we are now Politico isn't
getting people prepared for the big
letdown of the robert muller
investigation the public they say
shouldn't expect a comprehensive and
presidency wrecking account of Kremlin
meddling and alleged obstruction of
justice by Trump not to mention an
explanation of them myriad subplots that
have bedeviled lawmakers journalists and
amateur Muller sleuths so they said you
shouldn't don't expect this what they're
saying don't expect this report to
answer all the questions
here are those questions you have don't
expect that to happen some of the
central players in the Russia saga say
they too have become resigned to not
getting a complete set of answers out of
Muller's work I assume there are going
to be lots of details we'll never learn
and lots of things that will never come
to light said Robby Mook Clinton's 2016
campaign manager he's resigned up
whatever you know why because he's the
one who made this up in the first place
he's like I guess we'll never find out
how well it was we it worked because we
distracted everybody from looking at the
biggest election fraud in the history of
our country meaning the primary in the
Democratic Party in 2016 it worked
because nobody's talking about how
Hillary Clinton illegally funneled money
that was supposed to be being raised for
down ballot races funneled it right to
her campaign office in Brooklyn no one
talked about that no one talked about
how out of touch rich white people were
who are running the Democratic Party no
one talked about that no one time all
they talked about was Russia and what it
states they wanted to see what is what
is Rachel Maddow gonna talk about now
and this is the guy now he's like Tyga
if you really thought that this guy was
put into office illegally by another
country you would be like that well
whatever but government investigation
experts are waving a giant yellow
caution flag now to warn that Muller's
no comment mantra is unlikely to give
way to a tell-all final report and an
accompanying blitz of media interviews
and public testimony on Capitol Hill so
now they're all everybody's like hey
Muller's not going to be really talking
about this the reports not going to
really do anything but them but the
biggest thing perhaps most unsatisfying
is Muller's findings may never even see
the light of day
here Mary McCourt on University law
professor and former Department of
Justice official who helped oversee the
FBI's Russia meddling investigation
before molars
appointment cautioned against heightened
expectations around the the special
councils final report
don't over heed any of these facts that
are in the world don't over read any of
of these facts that are in the world to
suggest a quick wrap-up and everyone is
going to get a chance to read it the
next day she said it will probably be
detailed because this material is
detailed but I don't know that it will
all be made public that's supposed to
say public so no it's not gonna all be
made public the Department so this gets
at robert muller because the law got
changed so when they invented and
investigated iran-contra and bill
clinton's whitewater yes that was under
a different set of laws so they after 99
after they did that the better they
switched though that because they didn't
want it ever happening to them again so
now what bob muller actually worked for
the department of justice he's under rod
Rosenstein so he hurt Aaron's in his
report to rod Rosenstein and then Rob
Rhodes died he decides what to do with
it and how much of it to leak and how
much of it to make public and whatnot
and so the point is they're making is
this is all turning out to end like we
said a big nothing burger all those
indictments they've gotten on Muller and
that's all for stuff that happened
before the campaign they have nothing to
do with Russia and the can intervention
in our twenty so this is how propaganda
works it's just so you know I was so so
anyway what were you surprised that I'm
surprised at how fast Politico and
mainstream places are starting to say
this stuff well it's been very quiet for
the past the six weeks couple of months
on this front and you know you could
interpret that one way you could say
that oh maybe the big bomb is about to
drop yeah but it turns out maybe there's
no bomb at all and like you say it's
it's a distraction so here's where this
can you Jimmy I'm disappointed in
Politico haha okay so here's where so
how did this all get started I've showed
you this before I'll show it to you
again very briefly so that
the book shattered by Jonathan Allen and
Amy part Parnes and this is inside that
book for a couple of hours is right
after the election wearing Hillary lost
for a couple hours with Shake Shack
containers littering the room they went
over the script that they would pitch to
the press and the public already Russian
hacking was the centerpiece of the
argument within 24 hours of her
concession speech campaign chair John
Podesta man manager Robby Mook assembled
her communications team at the Brooklyn
headquarters to engineer the case that
the election wasn't entirely on the
up-and-up so that's what they were
saying Trump was gonna do
Trump was gonna if when he lost say that
they suppress the votes and had illegal
immigrants he was gonna try to undermine
the validity of the election and that's
what people were afraid of that's
exactly what Hillary Clinton did that's
very Machiavellian isn't it you do you
accuse the your opponent of the exact
thing you're doing
and that's exactly oh em and so when did
this all come about well I've showed you
this before what is this Jimmy this is
an internal document from the Hillary
Clinton campaign it's uh it's from a guy
named Pete Brad Nitz and it was
delivered June 26 2015 so this was an
internal polling that they did in and he
delivered this to them and what did they
find out what's this all of it what's
the conclusion I'm gonna read you the
conclusion Secretary Clinton's top
vulnerability has tested in this poll is
the attack that claims as Secretary of
State she signed off on a deal that gave
the Russian government control over 20%
of Americans uranium production after
investors in the deal donated over a
hundred and forty million dollars to the
Clinton Foundation that's from her own
internal document they were telling her
your biggest vulnerability is that is
that you are seen to be in giving away
our uranium production to the Russians
for a payoff half of all likely voters
are less likely to support Hillary
Clinton after hearing that statement and
17% are much less likely to support
after hearing that statement so they
knew this was her vulnerability and here
is from WikiLeaks revealed here's from
December so that was from June they
delivered that to her in June of 2015 in
December of 2015 this is a John Podesta
email and what does the email say this
is from December of 2015 it says the
best approach is to slaughter Donald
Trump for his bromance with Putin but
not to go too far betting on Putin re
Syria they were planned they that's is
their plan they did it and now that and
so they're worried about the legitimacy
remember they were saying Donald Trump
and then not only they do this they also
said Oh Donald Trump's gonna try to
undermine the legitimacy of the election
it's exactly what they've done ever
since so you have a double Machiavellian
accused your opponent of the exact thing
you're guilty of by the way they said
that the whole thing about him being
Donald Trump colluded to back-channel
information from Russia to get negative
information on Hillary Clinton to help
that that was what the accusation was
that's exactly what the Hillary Clinton
campaign did they hired a spy in England
who then contacted people people inside
the Kremlin paid the money to give them
stories about Donald Trump that they
then gave to the Hillary Clinton
campaign so this is amazing this is how
propaganda works and of course just like
they got all their minions in the press
member Edie said he wasn't allowed to
even cover Bernie Sanders and they had
to prop up Donald Trump that was the
Pied Piper strategy that the Clinton
campaign gave to NBC and they gave to
everybody else but we only have
confirmation that it was actually
carried out at NBC because as Shultz
told us the truth because he got fired
so anyway that now let me start over to
my panel that's where that comes from it
came and it's in that book everybody's
read that book I can't believe that
everyone just pretends well this is how
propaganda works right it's a selective
reporting we had Seymour Hersh on the
Ralph Nader radio our people tell people
who Seymour Hersh is Seymour Hersh is
probably the premier and
native reporter in history my live
massacre eli masker abu grabe yeah
that's him yeah he had a lot of did a
lot of great reporting parallel to Bob
Woodward on Watergate right and so he's
amazing reporter he's an amazing
reporter and still going strong and you
had him on we had him on and he he was
asked about Russian hacking and he knows
he knows all these inside people and he
said all the intelligence agencies were
saying we have with high confidence that
the Russians have hacked the the
election
whatever that means right he said I know
what the word high confidence means when
these people say this it means we don't
really know we don't have evidence so I
had bill Binney who was the head an NSA
code breaker and he said when he saw
that the NSA had signed off on the
report and they said they had high
confidence he said that means they don't
have evidence and if it occurred if the
hacking occurred the NSA would have the
evidence because they have a record of
everything that happens on the internet
so the fact that they said high
confidence means they don't have
evidence means they didn't happen yeah
that's what bill Binney said and you're
saying similar humorous is the same
thing it's the same they know the same
code yeah yeah yeah and a high
confidence before we don't have really
no you don't have to or we don't have
the evidence yeah exactly right so I
don't want to go on too long about this
and I don't want to gloat too much about
this but again yes you do I do I want to
do I want to but I don't want to I don't
want to be seen to be distasteful but I
just want to remind you because this is
worth going over again right after the
election Obama met with Putin and Obama
did not discuss the Russian election
meddling with Putin President Obama did
not discuss Russia's alleged meddling in
the u.s. elections his short
conversation with Vladimir Putin i'ma he
didn't they didn't talk Barack Obama why
he said that's behind us because he knew
the BS they were spinning and and it's
all it was and here's me and why are
they want us to talk about Russia
because this the Democrats have no mess
in then go to you what are you gonna do
differently well I don't think that
people want a new direction aren't
values unify our Center that's why they
have no message the Democrats could
right now run on ending the wars
Medicare for all in free college and
they would sweep back into power and
they won't do it those are enormous ly
popular issues we just again on our show
we had Michael lady who's used to be
from National Nurses United which is the
biggest Union yes
pushing for Medicare for all and he said
there's a huge gap between a donor class
and the people and eighty-five percent
he said why wouldn't you do what
eighty-five percent of your party wants
you to do right which is when they
polled Democrats they want eighty-five
percent one Medicare for all and it's
because they're they're answering to the
donor class and they'd rather talk about
Russia even though and this is this is
from Tony this is from last 2017 here's
the Washington Post reporter he was on
the NBC MSNBC and here's what he was
telling people leave Atlanta is the
Russia issue and president Trump's
handling of these investigations of
Special Counsel what I'm in Washington
that's a consuming issue for Democrats
that alarms even some Republicans on the
ground of Georgia moderate suburban
Republicans were not talking about
Russia
so if Democrats want to win them over
they perhaps at the listen to
congressman Ford who's talking about
this economic message because I just
don't see Russia breaking through yet
with Republican voters as an issue
that's going to turn them to the left
nobody thought nobody cares people are
people worried about how they gonna pay
their health care how they're gonna pay
their kids for college how am I gonna
get a living wage how they're gonna make
their car last another three years
that's what people are worried about
people aren't worried about did someone
hack into the DNC server and then reveal
and let people that's the whole thing to
people forget the whole charge was that
Russia somehow
broke hacked into the DNC server and and
they they swung the election by
revealing information
what was that information that
information was that the 2016 campaign
was rigged the primary that they were
cheating so it all it revealed was was
the it was what they were really
thinking yes I mean we talk about Ralph
he you know he was mentioned in those
emails and he was wrote an open letter
with a bunch of other people on minimum
wage why aren't you running on the
minimum wage raising the minimum wage
and the email was from a Walmart board
member roburt executive who was working
on the campaign who or whom Abba Dean it
was yeah out of those exchanges where
they said you know this guy he's pretty
marginalized I don't think we even need
to answer this really oh yeah that was
one of the that was one of the wiki
leaks Hillary Clinton was on the board
she used to be on the board of Walmart
right so of course she already has
alignment with the power the people the
power structure right she's lying okay
so maybe you can answer this question
both of you all right so this woman who
now has a 36 percent approval rating
like the lowest unchanged the lowest
that you could put that a candidate
who's lost a presidency rights right now
Trump has something like 47% she's
supposedly garnered the the popular vote
supposedly so House how does she guarded
the popular vote but only has thirty six
out of office percent rating yes she has
ones that work record low numbers for
her right I don't you tell me I don't
know you tell her I don't know right I
mean I don't know I mean and as far as
the Russian thing go if you telling me
the Russians are hacking the voting
machines then I may get a little excited
about that but the voting machines are
more likely to be hacked by the company
that made them in America rather than
the Russians so as far as like you say
and I've been into these issues for the
last 15 or 20 years
it's scapegoating it's what what's kind
of fascinating to me is what we blame
the right for which is scapegoating you
problems are not for us it's those
immigrants who are taking your jobs
the same dynamic applies on a different
scale when the mainstream Democratic
Party is scapegoating people like Ralph
Nader or Russian they want to do
everything but look in the mirror and
and that's why we are in this day we're
in now look great I just go ahead step I
don't think they want to look in the
mirror I think they're I think Nancy
Pelosi when she says with a straight
