how do I go to juvie doors show I'm here
with steps emerado hi step hi Jimmy
so there was an article so NBC News they
did this thing where they they have like
60 Democrats who are opposing Pelosi and
they did a big story about it and you
see all the pictures but only nine of
those people are actually incumbents
right so though the rest of them are
people running anyway but that's still
something and so they asked Nancy Pelosi
about it that she went on the MSN mom
they interviewed you you see if they're
Democrats opposing Pelosi and these are
the 50 so so here's the here's this
question for it ready I mean why not if
the Democrats take back the house give
up the gavel well first of all let me
just say this and I know and it has been
on a Jag of this this is one of their
priorities to undermine my prospects to
speaker but so I don't know if he call
what she just said
I know NBC News is on a Jag to undermine
my credibility so she's attacking the
news media for having an agenda and not
being honest she's doing exactly what
she says Trump does and how ironic
she's saying it about MSDN see the news
organization that Ed Schultz said was
joined to the hip with the Clinton
campaign they've been pushing Democratic
talking points ever since forever and
she send out so I just wanted that's
Hearst jumping off just that's the jump
in that then we're not even getting into
I want to talk about this but that's
pretty amazing the first thing she does
is try to discredit the press but when
Trump does it everybody we got it we
should all have we all have to worry you
know Barack Obama actually prosecuted
whistleblowing journalists using the
Espionage Act yeah but he was nice you
know
they're trying to to try to kill Julian
Assange right now yeah but we don't like
him
so did you did you catch that the first
time I played just for you that she
attacked the press I missed that the
first time I played it for you that is
caught it now so here we go so she
attacked first first of all she tries to
undermine the credibility of the press
mm-hmm and ironic she says it's NBC News
doing it and she's on that is right on
that channel that aside the I have not
asked for in person for a vote I haven't
asked a candidate or an incumbent for a
vote what's important and I know better
than anybody how important it is for us
to win this election because I see up
close and personal what the Republicans
and this president are doing I do not
think our opponents should select the
leaders of our party the Republicans are
spending millions tens of millions of
dollars against me because they're
afraid of me okay that's not true
they're spending whatever they're
spending against her which I'm sure it's
a lot of money we've told you this
before they're spending that money
highlighting Nancy Pelosi because Nancy
Pelosi is repulsive to most of the
voters in the country so when you're
running as a Democrat let's say in
Missouri or Ohio or Illinois or wherever
if you're running as a Democrat in the
middle of the country the Republican
doesn't run against you if you're
running for Congress or sent the
Republican doesn't run against you they
run against Nancy Pelosi why because
she's been around for 20 years and she's
got a lot of baggage and she's easy to
dislike
she's not even liked by most of the
people on the Left so she's a pretty
repellent to voters so that's a that's
easy that's just like it you know if you
run if you run
against if you're a Democrat and you're
running against the Republican you would
try to tie him to Trump so that's what
they do to Nancy Pelosi and it works so
we've done stories about that how they
run in when they run for Congress in the
middle of the country don't run against
their opponent they run against Nancy
Pelosi and it works and she knows it
works that's the thing she knows it
works and she doesn't care and I know
this is gonna be hard for you to believe
but it's because she doesn't care about
losing as a party she cares about her
own seat which is super safe but she
cares about she doesn't care about
losing as a party because the Democrats
are completely wiped out and she's not
changing a goddamn thing not nothing
showed you that video you've seen it a
million times I'll play it later where
they go hey you guys are wiped out you
lost over a thousand seats in state
houses nationwide you're wiped out in
the house you're wiped out in the Senate
and now Donald Trump is the president
you guys lost a Donald Trump you guys
got to change house she's not we don't
we're not changing okay so what I'm
saying is Nancy Pelosi like most people
who are famous for this long and want
power she's she's she's a little bit
she's a narcissistic she's a narcissist
and that's why she wants to say at the
head of the party she's so worth over a
hundred million dollars which she made
while she was in office and remember
what Truman said about people who get
rich while they're in politics the only
people who do are criminals that's what
he said
so here she is she's not gonna let go
she knows it hurts her party and she's
not gonna let go just like debbie
Wasserman Schultz she knows she's bad on
TV they know the Democrats known that
she's bad on TV and what do you mean by
bad on TV well when debbie Wasserman
Schultz goes on TV to argue for an issue
it actually hurts the issue because
people dislike her so much yet she still
keeps going on TV why because she's a
narcissistic maniac just like Nancy
Pelosi she know they know it hurts their
party it hurts their cause it hurts
everything yet they can't stay off of TV
and she can't stop being the leader okay
here we go because I out raise them in
the political arena so did you see the
first reason she gave why the
Republicans I know people are going
crazy why you stopping and starting it
because it's awesome we got to break it
down so I will give you a little bit of
a running start the first thing she says
why the Republicans fear her the only
thing she can think of not like because
I'm gonna get single-payer not because
I'm gonna end those wars not because I'm
gonna get us a living wage not because
I'm gonna break up the banks not because
I'm gonna end fracking no no that's not
why they
they fear her cuz she raises money and
how do you raise money in politics well
big money like she's talking about you
raise money in politics by sucking up to
millionaires and billionaires and giant
corporations in Wall Street the
military-industrial complex and Big Oil
and health insurance companies and big
pharma that's how you make that's why
she's a leader now remember how we
explained to you how do you become a
leader why do people vote why do the
Democrats keep voting for her that if
they know she's bad for them because she
gives them money so Nancy Pelosi's a big
fundraiser she co takes all the PAC
money and all the millionaire money she
takes that money and then she gives it
to people in Congress to go run their
own races and now they owe her a favor
and they want her to give them more
money for the next election so they vote
for her as leader that's how that's all
about money that's how this works
that's why that's why a Chuck Schumer is
the leader in the Senate because he gets
all the money from Wall Street and then
he gives it to his Senate friends for
their elections and then they vote for
him because they want to keep that money
coming so it's very interesting that the
first reason she gives why the
Republicans fear her is because she
raises money and when you raise money
that much it's by definition you're
compromised because she's not raising it
from small donors like Bernie Sanders
these aren't $27 clip donations
these are super PAC donations and big
money $300,000 and if tip for a play to
dinner at a clutch that's what this is
so the fact that she's able to raise
that buddy she's raising them from the
same donors that the Republicans have
the same donors the Republicans have
p√∫blicas are spending millions tens of
millions of dollars against me because
they're afraid of me because I out raise
them and because I'll raise them and and
and and I can't think of another reason
I'm not it's not because I'm actually
gonna do something for the people
because when we were passing Obamacare
they the people wanted a a public option
we didn't give it to him
political arena because I outsmart them
and then the so the to she out raises
them in the political arena and she
outsmarts them at the negotiation you're
so outsmarting them that nobody has the
public option and we don't have Medicare
for all
you're so outsmarting them so
outsmarting them she lost over a
thousand seats in 2016 I'm kidding they
lost said they lost statewide over at
the thousand nationwide a thousand seats
they lost the Congress losing 70 seats
in Congress whoa they are afraid they
are afraid of her skills I think it was
also weird that she goes in the
political arena political arena because
she's trying are we talking because she
was trying to think of something else to
say she couldn't think of another reason
because out raise them in the political
arena oh oh and I don't smart them in
the political arena
what shaving table and because I'm a
woman but it's gonna be asked it's not
because you're a woman they're not
afraid of you because you're a woman
they don't want you to lose your seat
Nancy they want you to stay as a
Democratic leader they love it that you
are because you're easy to fundraise
against and you're easy to beat in the
middle of the country they're not afraid
of you they love you a bad table and
that for me is very important if Hillary
Clinton had won and had the sat at the
head of that table be different but I'm
not yielding
I'm not yielding that now I do believe
that none of us is indispensable but I
think I'm the best person for the job
and I won't let the Republican ads which
are just flooding these districts and I
say the candidates do whatever you have
to do just win baby I know one in five
children America lives in probably we
must win this one in five children lives
in poverty oh did that happen under
president Romney or President John
McCain
yes in community I'd leave one that's a
 talking point that somehow
she's fighting for people in poverty
Jesus Christ here we go watch this it
gets worse let me just say this I have
made some very powerful enemies who
you've made some very powerful enemies
you mean like progressives cuz they're
not powerful you haven't made any
enemies they're not your enemies they
love you you guys agree on the military
budget
you guys agree on for-profit private
healthcare you guys agree on making the
bank's bigger and deregulating them you
guys agree on war you guys agree on all
the horrible stuff what are you talking
about Nancy would enemies was she's
gonna tell you who are who the enemies
are a challenging the fossil fuel
industry what challenging the fossil
fuel industry so she's pretending she
has enemies in the Edvin big in oil
companies she can't even look up while
she's saying it by the way why cuz she's
lying
that's why arms of clean air clean water
food safety and the rest yeah she's been
very good on environmental you know
clean food clean water air all the right
you know I mean if you're using the Newt
Gingrich standard I'm very good of the
environment all street with dodd-frank
we she she made a do you hear the enemy
list she's giving all plate all the way
a challenging the fossil fuel industry
in terms of clean air clean water food
safety and the rest Wall Street with
dodd-frank reform health care they
bringing in all of the anti all the
people who donate to me I had to get
them to go along with the thing that
increased their stock prices I had to
get them to go along with the thing that
increased their stuff is this little is
this this is like something that should
be on Saturday Night Live and not only
that but don't but the way she's saying
it she's
horrible public speaker horrible the cat
something I can horrible public speaker
government ideologues name any subject
but there's environment whether it's
woman's right to choose okay I name a
subject how about Medicare for all
here's another one how about breaking up
the banks I'll name another subject how
about ending the wars
here's another subject how about cutting
the military budget in half here's
another subject how about ending
fracking hey here's another subject how
about a living wage did I say that
already can you believe this
stuff that she's pretending she's the
enemies of these people she said those
people are your donors this is just
 you know what Jonathan Capehart
just sits there with his ol really big
tie and says nothing cuz she has nothing
in response not defending herself
because she can't even talk about the
platform that the Democrats represent
because they have zero platform they
certainly are going to talk about peace
cuz they just voted to explode the
military budget they're not gonna talk
about jobs program does their jobs
program happens to be war that's their
jobs program and they're certainly not
gonna talk about medicare for all she's
she has no place representing the
Democrats what so Emma Kratz are dead I
I'm Steph I'm with you whether it's gun
safety whether it's immigration fairness
and the rest you know not I don't mean
um you know not DAC of course not daca
we certainly rolled over on doc I mean
yeah we didn't attack I mean you know
when it came time to actually do
something at immigration we didn't do
anything we rolled right over I mean you
know but I get to say this because
you're Jonathan Capehart you're also a
tool of the establishment new so you're
not gonna say anything back to me and
all right and by the way she can't she
can't talk I don't know of what it is
except what do you think it is with her
mouth that she can't talk that she slurs
her she sounds like she's drunk after
time and I'm I'm not saying this like to
insult her I'm saying this like as a
valid observation like what the
F this I'm not trying to smear her or
take an unfair shot at her I'm like what
the f is with her why can't you speak
I really wish if she was gonna swear she
would say stuff by this I'm gonna give
you a medicare-for-all give you a frito
wish a my donors hahaha let's see
what else stupid stuff she says there's
big money Oh labor rights
so I named that there's big money that
comes in against the role of government
because many of them are anti governance
the big body comes in and you know what
they say if you can't beat them join
them
she's great at raising money and
pleasing donors and literally nothing
else and she just admitted this that's
what she's good at raising money and
pleasing donors and absolutely nothing
else specific
to these issues so there's big money out
there against me
the more they make this point though the
more money I raise she can't stop
talking about money raising that's all
she talked about but that's okay
because of our body I raise cuz the
corporations are buying both parties ha
ha ha ha god damn it that's all they
talk about as much raising but that's
how you know if you're a good politician
if you can get money from rich people to
corrupt you if you can get a lot of
money from corporations you know people
who want to screw over regular working
people if you can get those people to
give you a lot of money you're
successful politician according to her
and everyone else in her bubble which
happens to be Washington DC in the New
York press Corp you see their letters
they're fun okay as I said we have to
stop her because she's just a a force I
think is a massive because she's just uh
well she can't think of anything she's
going to do because she's going to give
us health care because she's going to
stop fracking because she's going to end
the wars because she's going to cut cut
nothing can't say anything because she's
a force force because she's a force
resources
in this election and that is what I will
continue to do and they only help me
when they go after me but you know what
I'm the least important part of them I
agree with you on that but how about
Jonathan Capehart sitting there like a
good boy huh
in that night to see him sitting there
like a good boy yeah really he was what
is it a softball all the time to her
just say yes he's just sitting there let
her say all that garbage anyway tie
though how I do love is overly big tired
here's white Nancy Pelosi is full of it
you want to know why in it so here's
please join congresswoman Anna su and
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi for
a luncheon benefiting the d-triple-c
G's join us join us as a member of
Pelosi 250 how much does it cost to be
in the Pelosi 250 club 250 bucks no two
hundred and thirty seven thousand three
hundred dollars what who the F are you
hanging out with that has a quarter
million dollars and throw your way so
they can go meet you and have a clutch
they get a claw dated clothes a VIP
clutch do you see it says it right there
for a quarter million dollars we're
gonna give you a VIP clutch and a photo
you can't tell me that the Democrats
don't know what we want don't give me
health care don't give me a Social
Security when I retire don't give me
anything that safety net that will help
me I need a clutch quarter billion
dollars but if what if I don't have a
quarter million dollars to throw around
well do you do you want to become a
Nancy Pelosi's hundred you can if that's
for a hundred grand do you have a
hundred grand to throw around does that
well does it include a clutch yes it
does and a photo opportunity and
preferred seating Jesus Christ oh but
what if I don't have a hundred grand
well you can't read this as it's too
small but down here it says speaker's
cabinet you can become a member of the
speaker's cabinet how much does that
cost 33 grand 33 grand you know it's
regular folks but that does not include
a clutch sorry sorry
but it you get a photo-op but if you
don't what if I don't have 33 G to fork
over is there anything for me I'm just a
regular working guy with 10 grand to
give to a politician well yes we make
room for the regular people give me 10
grand per person and you'll get a lunch
10 grand per / just further that's for
the right we don't want to we don't want
to keep the people out you know we'll
have to regular I want to make it too
expensive so normal people can't come so
10 grand can you imagine what this this
Hall looks like where all these
 are can you imagine
oh I'm sorry millionaire sorry
millionaire sorry milling Oh millionaire
oh that's nice millionaire hi Miller
what are the millionaires want and now
