hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy door
so I'm here at the miserable liberal a
romp Lacombe I'm miserable howdy howdy
so the intercept put out this great
video and let's just get right to it
because it shows you why I've been
telling well my I've been advocating for
a third party and right now Bernie
Sanders is the most popular politician
in the country he has a platform that
the majority of Americans support except
neither political party supports it and
so if Bernie Sanders just announced I'm
starting a third party it would probably
become the most popular party in the
country immediately so and here's why I
say they do this so the intercept put
this video together and remember when
Barack Obama here we go in his farewell
address President Obama told Americans
that if they were fed up they should go
out and run for office grab a clipboard
get some signatures and run for office
yourself and in the Trump era thousands
of Democrats have heated it so that's
again that's Barack Obama's words not
matching his rhetoric not matching his
actions right so he goes go out Rob get
involved and then uh uh we're gonna have
the democratic institution squash you
you left that part out yeah we're gonna
change the terms if you how many
signatures you actually should get so he
acts like I don't like you I'll make a
phone call like I did with keith Ellison
remember when keith Ellison said that
what I said then we screwed him over
with our donors and and we smeared him
as an anti-semite
because he's against billionaires
remember that so that's the part Barack
Obama left out and that's why I tell
people like I don't know what you think
is gonna happen to progressives inside
the Democratic Party if you really think
Wall Street and the military-industrial
complex are gonna allow one of the major
parties in America not to be under their
control you're wrong and I don't know
how Bernie sees this playing out does he
really think he's gonna get control of
the Democratic parties you think that's
what Bernie thinks I'm out of guesses at
this point right I really have no idea
he's only
four people in the primary so far yes so
he birdies like let's have everybody
running and then he really only endorsed
four people mm-hmm and even that it's
like you kind of got a it's not super
transparent where those endorsements are
even and for some reason Bernie's people
are afraid to let Bernie come on the
show is that correct Ron they haven't
responded to us so they're there it's
not like they're not aware of who we are
but you know here it is this is a pretty
popular progressive show no one
questions whether we're progressive and
yet Bernie can't he can't
we will can't come on the show but he
can't go out enough with Anderson Cooper
and some other corporate jagoff who
smears him whenever he's running so
again the people around Bernie are old
white guys and they're they're not the
most in touch people in the world let me
just put it that way
and again if Bernie can't stand up to
the questions from a nightclub jaggoff
comedian then of which he can that's the
whole point Bernie can handle me no
problem I guarantee you Bernie's been up
against bigger jag-offs than me so I'm
actually trying to push his agenda
I'm not acting I'm not trying to
undermine it but anyway so let's not get
off-track we just got off track so back
to this thing though so that a bunch of
progressives go out and run and this is
they're gonna tell you what the
Democratic Party does that running for
office and elections across the country
meanwhile in the race for Congress the
d-triple-c
or the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee has moved aggressively to
crush competitive primaries d-triple-c
officials and senior Democrats are
handpicking moderates business friendly
candidates and are attempting to push
progressives out of key races in
Colorado's sixth District one of the
most competitive seats in the country
the d-triple-c moved in early to select
Jason crow a corporate lawyer as the
party candidate pushing resources
endorsements and money to crow while
elbowing out progressive Democrat
competitors so now I wouldn't want my
d-triple-c to do that I don't want to
demo it to the Democratic Party or the
Democratic of the D Triple C or the DNC
wouldn't you be upset if you found out
that they were pre picking corporate
candidates they weren't letting the
actual people pick in a primary that's
the what's supposed to happen in
primaries and primaries that people get
to pick and then the party has to get
behind the person that the people picked
but what is happening is the Democrats
are picking a pre-approved corporate
Democrat over whoever the people pick
and so then they crush whoever the
probably progressive or the grassroots
person is that's what's happening that's
not democracy that's the that's a party
with power and money putting their
finger on the scale jumping up and down
on the scale that's what's happened well
are you gonna hear him say it right here
we go Democratic Party often denies that
they play favorites what follows is a
meeting between congressman Steny Hoyer
the number two Democrat in the House and
Levi Tillman a progressive running for
the nomination for the Colorado seat
that's what I expected you would like me
to get out of the race of course that's
correct
of course you'd like me to get out of
the race I'm the progressive well of
course that's correct the number two guy
in the house for the Democrats
so there's Nancy Pelosi and then Steny
Hoyer those are the top does your
leadership know you're fundraising for
crow
[Music]
this is judgment I'm for Crow meaning
the corporate Democrat the corporate
tool because a judgment was made early
on we didn't need to hear from the
people we're gonna decide were the super
Cossacks we're going to decide what the
people want we tell them it's important
to vote but Caban we're smarter let's be
honest
listen I had a conversation with the
done and we decided this yeah this has
been decided you were not in the
decision so your position is decision
was made no very early on before he said
Danny story just said that I didn't
participate in that decision that's what
he's saying
they told him from above you got this
from above Jimmy this is coming from
above me so there's only two people in
the party above him that would be Nancy
Pelosi and Chucky to shoe it don't sit
the cat Bose does that voters had to say
that's fine because that's the e Triple
C knows better and then the voters the
state's congressional district and we
said line up behind that Kennedy
[Music]
the guy talks like a mobster that's a
consequence of a decision and you're
gonna live with it or not
senator senator I have your offer right
now my author is this nothing and I
would like for you to put personally up
the gaming fee but wasn't that from the
Godfather senator I you know we make a
lot of money and there's some
consequences like god the people don't
get a say yeah
decisions has been made there was a
decision made a judgment this is like
I'm watching the freshman remember that
movie the friend here we go two things I
would like you to consider what may be
easier than the other person fee if you
stay at the race frankly I'd hope you
wouldn't
but I think that's things but if you
stay to race it is not useful to the
objective I mean really this guy's
talking like honest to God right talking
like a mob guy it is not useful to our
objective to tear down cro meaning the
corporate democrats so don't be coming
at our guy before we go any further on
that throw is the favorite in no small
part congressman Hoyer because the e
triple c not only put its finger on the
scale but started jumping on the scale
very early on and i'm born and raised a
democrat I mean it's undemocratic to
have a smaller beads select someone and
then try to rig the primary I mean just
because you guys call yourself Democrats
that's the only reason why that's kind
of bad like what should they call
themselves the demo rigs the difference
I think they should call themselves the
Democrats I like the SIDS conservatives
in denial oh yeah SIDS with the C mm-hmm
I'm calling them demo a sticks that's
where I'm going with that what is it a
stick
they're just asses okay against the
other people running and that is
basically what's been happening but you
were part of that process
yeah
[Music]
you guys are shuffling money which
effectively congressman Hoyer I'm
running a campaign against Crowe and
against you and against the d-triple-c
because you guys are on Pro side
[Music]
so let me get this straight the powers
that be a long time ago decided which
candidate they were going to put all
their money in does that sound familiar
at all
wow I don't I don't know it hits me
right in the eye on 2016 it really does
we all got together and then we caught
up Gro we said CRO leave the gun take
the cannoli and then after the primary
wants you to go go to Italy for a few
months I just kind of lay low we have a
nice villa for you don't worry it's very
well-protected we'll do you work for you
Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes I
thought this what you're gonna say next
I thought Danny I was gonna say Luca
Brasi sleeps with the fishes so this is
this is why I don't get so that's why I
would like to so I get on these email
chains too I was like I asked people
questions and they never answer like I
James Zogby who is a really good
progressive and he's fighting right for
the progressives inside the Democratic
Party and I asked him on Twitter I don't
know him and I just say hey why why not
try to put all this energy into a party
that actually represents the people why
are you putting so much energy into a
party that touch that is unwilling to
represent progressives they're unwilling
to do it in in fact they don't want to
in fact look what this is we're gonna
decide they're corrupt the Democratic
Party is a hundred percent corrupt and
that's the sign of it and and you know
well logistically it's hard to start a
third party not if you're the most
popular politician in the country yeah
if you're a nobody and you're trying to
start a party and yeah then it's really
really hard but if you're the most
popular guy in the country you're a
threat and now they got a deal with you
and now we can have a coalition
government unlike what we had in twenty
sixteen when Bernie rolled over for the
Hillary Clinton campaign he couldn't
even get a vice president on the case on
the ticket that was to the left of
Hillary they got nothing
well we got the most progressive
platform what what so that's it I wanted
to do that I wasn't gonna do a show
today but I wanted to come in to make
sure I did a show today so I can cover
this because this is what we've been
talking about this is why so people are
still gonna blame Susan Sarandon right
the reason why we have Trump is because
the Democratic Party does this and
people aren't represented which is why
half the country doesn't show up to vote
because the people you're offering them
to vote for have been pre picked by
party bosses because of money and they
know it so half the country doesn't even
bother to vote look and then Barack
Obama wags his finger at those half of
the country for not voting instead of
wagging his finger at the politicians
that on purpose depress the vote Ron
well Susan Sarandon was not part of the
decision but we do not know that she was
not that night's entertainment
hey Jimmy just today Steny Hoyer tweets
us out what we must determine is how
Russia attempted to solve my democracy
so we can ensure that precautions are
taken this year and in the future to
prevent its next attempts to ignore this
serious threat is to capitulate in the
face of it hashtag protect our democracy
yes the people who are rigging our
elections isn't Blatt amir putin the
people rigging our elections are guys
like Steny Hoyer people like debbie
Wasserman Schultz Hillary Clinton those
are the type of people Tom Perez near at
andin the wall street goldman sachs
those are the people who are rigging our
elections and the democrats keep stream
a year ago their own representatives
were saying stop talking about russia no
one gives a people want real
answers to their problems
and Democrats no answers no platform
nothing well in also it's worth noting
they keep going to the right the
Democrats yes so everyone's like well if
we if we have a third party you're gonna
split the progressive vote you know what
we're at the point now no you're gonna
split the conservative vote yes because
you'd actually have a progressive party
yes
so it's time for a second party I
stopped saying third party it's time for
a second party there's no there's no
 two parties in this country and
that's proof of it the same people who
own Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan are the
same people who owned any store are the
same people who pick crow to be the
corporate Democrat those are the same
that's all one big Club and it's very
popular to find stupid scapegoats
because corporate Democrats don't have
the intestinal fortitude to actually
examine the real causes of Donald Trump
and that's what the mission of this show
is to remind people the real causes of
Donald Trump and to not let the
establishment media and the Democratic
Party distract you into thinking that
you're prob the reason why you can't
have health care is because of Russia
the reason why you can't have health
care is because the Democrats are bought
that's why the reason why you are in
mountains of debt is because the
Democrats are bought the reason why 63
percent of Americans can't have for
$2000 emergencies because the Democrats
are bought and working against you this
is proof that they're working actively
against progressives and the interests
of their own people
and their own base that's what's
happening but yet it's still very
popular for people to somehow I have
power Susan Sarandon has power Jill
Stein who got 0% of the vote has power
everybody has power except the people
who actually have power those are the
people that people will never hold
accountable the people like Chris Hayes
ooh who showed empty podiums instead of
Bernie speeches and now we know for a
fact that Chris Hayes was instructed
not to cover Bernie Sanders was not
allowed by his corporate overlords but
in fact made to do TV shows showing a
split-screen with Trump's empty podium
while he tried to do a news show so now
we know that but dunt chris hayes did
wag he brings out Susan Sarandon to wag
his finger at her is there a bigger
piece of it than Chris Hayes for doing
that there is not and that's what we're
talking about and whenever you see
people coming at me or to Jill Stein or
Susan Sarandon or the Bernie bros you
know those are weak minded people who
are gaslighting you and they don't have
the integrity or the intestinal
fortitude to actually examine our
problems and we have a lot of problems
and one of them is this the Democratic
Party is not gonna let you win they
don't want to even represent you they
don't even want to hear from you they
are the decision has been made our next
live Jimmy Dore show is July 1st in
Portland Oregon there's a link for
tickets for all of our live shows right
there and if you can remember please
take a moment to make sure you're
subscribed to the show it only takes a
second you probably think you're
subscribed but you probably aren't just
make sure you subscribe click that Bell
so they send you a notice when we drop a
video otherwise they won't tell you and
if you become a Premium Member or a
patreon we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we do a live
chat every Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific
time where you can ask us questions and
we'll answer them plus her on steam it
we're steaming it right now
you
