hi everybody welcome back guess what it
works we have our special guest Glenn
Greenwald is here let's show him on well
look at that he's got nice lighting hey
Glenn thanks for being here thank you
for having me as your special gas and
when we say special we mean fantastic we
don't mean it yeah now I send you an
email earlier today about what what did
you want to talk about but what I tell
you what I want to talk about I'm sorry
I didn't see that can all of your emails
go into my junk folder automatically so
I didn't reply I know I understand I was
thinking so I want to do Rachel Maddow
recently overtook Sean Hannity as the
number one cable news show and we did a
video on it and basically we just
repeated an onion article because the
onion articles now are actual articles
about so my theory was that you have to
be to overtake so Sean Hannity was the
number one news man because he hammers a
partisan view regardless of facts right
and he'll go into conspiracy theories
and whatever and all about Barack Obama
being a socialist Benghazi the whole
thing was non-stop and so he was the
number one and now Rachel Maddow my
assessment is is doing the exact mirror
opposite of that on the left where
everything goes back to Russia and
everything's a conspiracy with Russia
and it's all about that and so she's
done it and you know decoupled from
facts and that has been so partisan it's
been so successful for them now she's a
number one why would they ever stop
doing this now do what do you think of
that assessment so I think it's
important to realize the origins of
hyper-partisan cable news in the US and
what drove it and what made it
successful which is basically the
Clinton era when the American right went
completely insane even though they had a
president who was this very centrist
neoliberal you know figure that they
decided was this kind of communist who
was married to this lesbian who was
murdering her lovers like Vince Foster
and they went insane and of course they
impeached him over a sex scandal and now
standing the fact that most of the
country had no interest in it in terms
of removing him that's the extent to
which they went crazy and yet they had
enormous success as they went insane
people like Matt Drudge and Rush
Limbaugh and then ultimately Fox News
found the massive audience and huge
amounts of profit by funneling this
oppositional energy this fear of a
leader from another party by just
turning him into this extremely scary
menacing demon who every day you could
go and get your two minutes of hate from
you know Fox News and and and Rush
Limbaugh they became incredibly
successful and obviously the people at
MSNBC who suffered through the Clinton
years and then suffered through the
Obama years with extremely low ratings
saw that and realized very early on that
Donald Trump was kind of the goose that
is laying the golden egg for huge
numbers of people by simply feeding them
this steady diet of extremely hateful
conspiratorial garbage and there's a
huge numbers of people all over Twitter
and social media and in the mainstream
media itself that have profited greatly
by this their follower count has you
know gone from like four thousand to
three hundred thousand there's dozens
and dozens of them for him that's true
but nobody has profited more than Rachel
Maddow because she has led the way with
these Russia conspiracy theories from
the start and there's there doesn't seem
to be any shame in establishment media
meaning like there's nothing you can to
who that would discredit you and well we
already know that I have to tell people
people don't believe me when I tell them
this that MSNBC if you're anti-war they
will fire you like they did to Phil
Donahue even though he had the number
one show on the network at the time and
they said they did it for low ratings
they got rid of Ashleigh Banfield and so
you cannot be against the war and have a
and have a job and establishment media
is that would you could you say that's
true yeah yes you're talking about I
assume if Trump started the new war
people on MSNBC would be free to oppose
it because it was Trump's war it was
certainly true of Obama but in general
are certain parameters that as long as
you stay within them you can never
disqualify yourself I don't know if you
guys paid much attention but there was
this recent controversy over the last
week because the Atlantic had hired
Kevin Williamson or a poor writer from
national review um who you know is is
pro-life and anti-abortion to believe
that abortion is murder of innocent
babies and takes that position to its
logical conclusion which most
anti-abortion writers and politicians
don't have the courage to do which is to
say well look if it's murdering innocent
babies we ought to treat it like all of
the murders and how the death penalty I
find that to be a repellent view but
that's the logical conclusion of
opposing abortion in believing in its
murder
the reason why I found it so interesting
was it because of Kevin Williams because
I don't care if he works or not the
reason I found it interesting was
because the editor-in-chief of the
Atlantic is somebody who has an
infinitely more hideous record and
Williamson he literally worked as a
colonel as a prison guard in an Israeli
gulag that you know tortures and
intrigues Palestinian detainees with
every kind of conceivable war crime you
can think of he was probably the single
leading propagandist that sold in
deceived America on the fiction that
Saddam Hussein was in a alliance with
al-qaeda throughout his career he's been
peddling all kinds of conspiracy
theories he tried to get the country
ready for Israel attacking Iran he's
continually lied about the nature of
Saddam's weapons program even once he
repented I mean he's somebody who has
actually helped contribute to the deaths
of hundreds of thousands of not millions
of people but because he's within this
kind of pro-war orthodoxy you can never
have your career harmed by cheering on
war and you know if you look at MSNBC
you know they have quote-unquote
liberals on there Chris AIDS and
probably the furthest one to the left
but you know it's they get every single
segment every segment MSNBC knows get in
their hand the ratings for the segment
they just did not the ratings for the
show but for each segment and if they
or broadcast a critic of the Trump
Russia Theory or someone who's
criticizing the Democratic Party from
the left this the ratings dip because
the audience has been trained to only
want to consume things that validate and
affirm their beliefs and never question
or challenge them and that's the
incentive scheme they all face and so
like I make fun of those people right
like Chris Hayes is infinitely smarter
than me and more accomplished is read
more books yet I see right through him
and and he really lacks a lot of
integrity and I know I'm not trying to
bait you into criticizing Chris Hayes
but he doesn't have people like thomas
frank on anymore but he plays their game
he did show the empty podium from trump
instead of showing he did he does all
that horrible stuff and so i just don't
understand like like as a comedian like
i I just couldn't sleep as a comedian I
couldn't sleep with myself if I won on
stage and spewed in a nightclub
let alone how do they how do you think
is it it's gotta be the $30,000 a day
that makes it easier to put your head
down and forget about all that you
just did instead of actually serving the
people because you know they didn't talk
about Oklahoma they didn't talk about
West Virginia they're not talking about
what's happening in Gaza they they
smeared Bernie they don't have on real
progressives and when they do they only
have him on a sandbag I'm like they had
Susan Sarandon so I just don't get like
I don't want to be part of that Club by
the way anyway there's a lot of people
here I just want to make fun of those
people I and wrapped up into what you
just said I guess I'll just say preface
it by saying that chris is a personal
friend of mine you know somebody that I
know pretty well so I have a hard time
you know navigating my personal
friendship with him which breeds loyalty
with you know the fact that there are
things that he does that I am that I do
think merit a lot of criticisms in this
scheme of the American media and I just
want to leave crystal aside for a second
in this regard I do think he does things
that are better than other people which
is a really low bar you
y'know like this sweet he actually did
like a whole three-minute commentary on
Gaza that was extremely unabashedly
critical of Israel
you know like putting all the blame on
Israel talking about the persecution of
Gaza ins he's put Bernie on a lot on his
show and treats them pretty respectfully
um that said just cut this part out cut
this out sorry to start they infect
yourself with a little bit a bit of per
se he's praised but let me just say this
is why I find actually so interesting
about Chris is in 2011 Chris wrote a
book the title of which was twilight of
the elites and the book was about elite
culture and how it functions and one of
the principal points of his book and I
read the book and I wrote about it and I
interviewed him about the book and it's
on Salaam whenever that salon what are
the principal perfect points of the book
was that elite culture is designed to
co-op and corrupt anybody who answered
it so no matter how well intentioned you
are at the beginning no matter how
genuine you are in your convictions
the minute you become part of these
elite institutions and they start
rewarding you and you're around them all
the time subconsciously inevitably you
start identifying with them becoming one
of them
and essentially having everything that
you once safeguarded is sacred about
yourself compromised and I asked him at
the time he didn't have a prime-time
show back then but he did at the
Saturday show I think he was headed
toward the primetime show and I asked
him will giving this theory of
inevitability if everybody who enters
elite culture is gonna be corrupted what
have you done to safeguard against that
happening to you now that you're making
hundreds of thousands of dollars by now
certainly many millions of dollars a
year working for this massive
corporation going into work every day
with people like joy reading Chris
Matthews and all the other horrible
people who work in that building like
what are you doing to protect yourself
and he said I don't really know I
haven't really thought about it much so
if you read his book
I think Mirotic goddamn Punk about
you write a book about how do
you go to work for places like MSNBC you
inevitably will become co-opted and
corrupted by that that's what Chris said
I'm not saying that that was what he
said in his book and so you know when I
make criticisms of people like Chris
Hayes I would used to also always
preface it by saying no I'm sure Chris
Hayes is a nice person if I met him in a
bar we would have a lot of laps together
and I'm still I'm still probably sure
that would happen if I didn't know who
he was but so that's my whole point it's
like how do people who are good people
and you I'm not you don't have to direct
this towards your friend Chris Hayes we
could direct it and just in blanket of
the media so my whole point is these
people I'm sure are nice people and a
you know one-on-one basis and they're
smart and they've written but how is it
that they allow this to happen how is it
that when they see a guy who criticizes
them accurately like me from the left
what do they do what is the mental
gymnastics do you think they do again
it's not we don't have to make this
personal about Chris let's make it about
everybody at CNN and everybody at MSNBC
I mean you know look I thought about
this a lot because over the last five
years doors that were previously closed
to me have swung open you know I made
more money in the last five years than I
ever did in my life I grew up very poor
I struggled a lot when I got out of law
school because I chose not to work at a
big law firm but just brought my own
firm so I snag a tit in struggle with
these same kind of things like you know
what temptations get put in front of you
that you have to be aware of to prevent
your own corruption inadvertently so I
think that part of it is that right like
Chris grew up in a pretty in a very
modest home and again where I'm not just
using him as an example I think his
parent his parent I think one of his
errands was a public school teacher by I
remember
but he was definitely like
lower-middle-class grew up in the Bronx
and in parts of Chicago I think and now
he's you know has all the trappings of
celebrity he makes many millions of
dollars a year he has two small kids he
goes on you know Stephen Colbert and The
Tonight Show these are really powerful
temptations for even the most noble of
persons and I don't accept myself from
that like I'm speaking from experience
here where you know you get a taste of
these things and then you start making
compromises with yourself slowly and
slowly and so you make more and more and
more of them to hold on to what it is
that you have I also think that it's
it's important to think about how human
beings function so I'll just tell you
this quick little story so if you were
to ask me like who is one of like a
siphon foxnews who is the single most
like deceitful malicious like just
journalistically unreliable horror
horrible person on television I would
instantly be able to give you my answer
without any doubt and that would be joy
and Reid
okay one time I think like three years
ago I hear you're good with that you're
a board a bath so one time like three
years if I went to the Bill Maher show
and unbeknownst to me until IQ days
before one of my fellow panelists was
was joy and we had had a lot of really
acrimonious exchanges and I knew there
was gonna be tension so I just bleach
out our own green room and I like
marched into her green room and I
introduced myself and shook her hand and
we stopped that in talking she's like
she doesn't very pleasant Hawaii like
charming intelligent engaging person in
real life when you're not like arguing
about politics of her and she's not like
calling you you know someone who wants
to desperately get butt-fucked by Putin
because you're an agent of the crime and
like when she's not doing stuff like
that she's actually like a nice person
and so Hitler was nice to go Hitler was
nice to Doug's exactly but I'm just
saying it's like it's easy to start when
you go to work with somebody every day
when you are talking to them and they're
your colleagues when it's easy to just
start
looking at all those people not as they
really are which is how you see them
when you keep them at a distance but
they start getting distorted the more up
close you get to them so I think that's
a big part of it too the more you're
hanging out with politicians and
celebrities and people who are just
entrenched in the New York DC LA
political elite circles the more you
become someone who identifies with them
it's just an inevitable part of how
human beings interact with each other
which is why in wartime they don't let
you fraternize with the enemy right
because you can't you can't look at a
picture of a guy's kids and then shoot
him right so that's why I don't want to
get close to those people you know
Genki ogre still goes to those parties
right he'll still go to the
Correspondents Dinner and go to the
parties afterwards and and you know and
I've always counseled him to not my
thing is you don't want to be around
those people you don't want to get any
of that on you and you certainly don't
want to become friends with them because
once you become friends with them it's I
know personally when I become friends
with people I don't want to criticize
them ever anymore it's harder it's
harder to criticize someone who you know
personally and that's why you're not
allowed to fraternize and I that's funny
the way you put it that the closer you
get to them the the person they are gets
distorted so that maybe two years ago I
got invited to do this month debate
which is like this very well financed
kind of like event that rich Toronto
puts on every year and they invite four
people to have a formal debate and the
debate was about surveillance and my
opponents were Alan Dershowitz and
General Michael Hayden who ran the CIA
the NSA during the war on terror under
George Bush so knowing how like
patrician and there is to crack this
event was and they told me like you have
to get there early and they have a
cocktail party in honor of the four
guests
and they knew that late we were all
supposed to like you know shake hands
both before and after and be like hey
really good spirited debate I know we
disagree but I have huge respect for you
and there's like Alan Dershowitz
like the person who just
cheer the more you like slaughter
Palestinians like the harder his
erections again and you have like
Michael Hayden who literally oversaw the
CIA and the NSA during the war on terror
I was not gonna you know go through that
process of pretending to be civil with
them or have respect for them so I gave
it interview the day before to the main
Toronto paper and I talked about this
dilemma how they wanted me to have
cocktail parties with them and I said
it's really hard because these are two
of the most I think I said like
sociopathic monsters on the planet and
the headline of the paper that morning
when I woke up and thought in my hotel
room was Greenwald I'm debating two of
the most sociopathic monsters on the
planet so it prevented obviously the
four of us from like having this
communion during which I purposely
sabotage for exactly that reason Lincoln
I ended up talking to Alan Dershowitz
about his grandkids or Michael Hayden
about lanes where he's traveled I
probably would have ended up hating them
last and I wanted to make sure that
didn't happen that's a danger you do
have to be cautious about and I that's
I've actually had that happen to me
where right-wingers will engage me and
then people who are their fans will tell
them quit humanizing Jimmy tour so I
know exactly what that means please make
sure you subscribed it only takes a
second make sure you're subscribed and
click that Bell so they give you a
notice whenever we drop a video and if
you can become a page when we give you
hours of bonus material every week our
next life shows June 30th in Portland
Oregon and we do a super silent chat
every Saturday that's our live stream
you can ask us questions and we answer
back that Saturdays at 2 p.m. Pacific
plus we run steam it we're steaming it
right now
you
