hi everybody welcome to part two of our
interview with Oliver Stone in this part
we're going to talk about his views on
Russia Gate his interviews with Putin
and the backlash he's received from it
in the mainstream news meeting in the
United States plus his suggestion for
men of the year it just might shock you
you know I wanted to ask you about just
in general if we could start off talking
about because you just interviewed
Vladimir Putin as we mentioned and I
want to go into some of the criticisms
of your interview with him because I
thought they were really kind of crazy
but I has a Russia gate can you just
talk about Russia gate in general how
what you think about it and because what
I think about it is that it's made de
tant with Russia almost impossible for
Trump to do and it's weird to see the
left attacking Trump from the right
saying that he has to have a more
muscular response to a nuclear power and
so go ahead just take that wherever
you'd like that's a very superficial
issue and it's a lot of noise and
America is missing the point you know
they did that this morning or the two
days ago they thrown a whole laundry
list of issues against Russia meddling
in the election Koya isn't in an agent
in in in Britain undermining American
democracy so forth and so on it's just
all crap there's just no there's nothing
there the biggest you know re our
election was not undermined by Russia we
were on our election has been was
fiercely contested as you pointed out
many time mrs. Clinton made some major
mistakes but you know we must look when
we talk about meddling look at the power
of Israel to meddle in our election look
at the AIPAC while being in Washington
which has every senator and
representative pretty much by the throat
scary
they control them in the sense that they
can't go in any way questioning our
commitment to Israel in addition to that
you have people like a coach brothers
Cox brothers and wherever you pronounce
them and people like Sheldon Adelson
these are the real interventions that
occurred in our election as well as the
Republican machinery laid out by people
like Tom DeLay to block to suppress
votes this is the greatest damage to
democracy hardly rush
they're a dent if they did it and I
don't even you know I don't
I asked Putin his question and you know
he did the right thing for his country
he's not gonna say anything about it
because he really isn't it's an
insulting question considering that
America has meddled in Russian elections
endlessly I mean going back to 1996 with
yellow sequin Yeltsin into power and
then again and you know we interfere we
intervened to some degree in the 2012
Russian election and most recently be
insulted Russia by implying that they
stuffed the ballot box list this time
around and it's just nonsense Putin was
it was a definite popular favorite
partly because largely because he pushed
back against the America and NATO who
were getting closer and closer to the
throat of Russia
let me remind you that this all started
really in a bad way in 1999 with mr.
Clinton poking up the NATO expanding
NATO against the word that we had given
to the Gorbachev people in nineteen in
1989-90 this is a very disastrous
decision followed by our withdrawal from
the ABM Treaty our our bombing of Serbia
are Kissin trying to disintegrate the
yoga the Slav Republic bounding Kosovo
attacking with bombs was at fifty five
days the capital of Serbia Belgrade I
was there saw the damage it was and then
we continued ABM Treaty we were drew
from the IDM treaty in 2002 the list is
long here Ukraine even the 2004 we were
messing in Ukraine by the color
revolutions and we put out there we
tried in Georgia we tried it in Georgia
and we tried it and God I forget the
list of offenses we've done but we take
it right up to the Ukraine in 2014 we
did the same thing again and this time
we pushed over a coup or as Obama's that
we brokered a deal and we continue to
expand NATO 13 countries all around we
put ABM Xion around Russia we have ibms
on the Pacific coast
we put in Korea we put the the new ABM
system I forgot the name Vegas Vegas
system into Korea and they're arming
Japan to the teeth contrary to their
constitution so we
violated everything since World War two
we'd never given up an ancient ground
we've circled Russia and we circle China
we're giving a very strong message they
don't buy for one second that we're
fighting North Korea innocent they know
that this stuff is aimed at Russia and
China son I mean you have to deal with
each of these things because they you
know if you're president food you have
to understand his position in these
matters as you should for President Xi
in China and we don't even think about
what other people think we just think
about what we think that's the
exceptionalism of our position we're
right what we want counts and we don't
even hear in through our media that we
don't even hear what the other side is
thinking that's why I did the interview
is to try to shed some light at least
bring to bring to the American public
some meant notion of what mr. Putin is
saying so and that was a great service
you did but then of course the media
here in the United States I was reading
a a review of that of your interview
with Putin in Rolling Stone magazine and
it was very disappointing because as you
just laid out the aggressor has been in
the United States after Reagan promised
Gorbachev we wouldn't advance NATO we
have advanced NATO right up to the to
their border we've now we're sending
NATO troops we're sending warships to
the Baltics what you just said we're
pointing all these missiles at them so
we are really ramping up and so I'm
reading the the Rolling Stone review of
your interview with Putin and I just
want to read this little part to you and
get your response to it they said that
if the the title of the article was the
the top 10 WTF moments from Oliver
Stone's interview with Vladimir Putin
and this was number eight I think in
April 2016 the international community
was briefly alarmed when a pair of
Russian jets buzzed low an American
destroyer the USS Donald cook in the
Baltic Sea north of Russia the show of
aggression was a classic Cold War move
but a rare and alarming one in the
modern age the incident blew over after
the ship turned around but according to
Putin the Russian military was brought
to the brink in a chilling casual tone
the president says that missiles could
have been trained on the donald cook
because our commanders have always been
authorised to use any means for the
defense of the Russian Federation
when stone is taken aback by this Putin
replies who was trying to provoke whom
never mind that the destroyer was in
international waters at the time now we
all know how ridiculous that reporting
is by the rolling stone right there as
we just laid out the aggressor
what is our warship doing in the Baltic
off the coast of Russia in the first
place would be the first question now
how would you respond to that criticism
from the Rolling Stone all that it's a
fascinating by the way he reminded me a
lot of the Cuban Missile Crisis because
of the closeness of it but all that is
based around the crimean situation and
there again americans got get a false
picture they it's Russian aggression in
Crimea they never bothered to say that
Russia already had 25,000 troops in
Crimea under treaty and that the
instigation to to join Russia the
referendum was initiated by the Crimean
Parliament which existed way before this
crisis that Crimean people spoke for
themselves and what tops the argument
for me is that if you look at the whole
situation there was no violence there
the Ukrainian army that I viewed or
about 20,000 Ukrainian troops said go
going you know going peace they they did
not contest the Russian troops that were
there because they know that the
Ukrainians who live there are
pro-russian they speak Russian they are
Russian so I mean this whole thing has
been blown up and misinterpreted and
distorted for the American people
Crimea was a guy was the greatest
transfer non-violently of sovereignty
that we've seen in the modern era you
can see anyway what we had done in
Kosovo by comparison was the same thing
except it was much bloodier so I don't
want to go too much detail because is it
but this was the donald cook incident is
based around the fact that well russia
had a major military base there what was
has at the mouth of the of the black
scene and has that's their sphere of
interest it has been that historically
going back through the ages so i for the
united states to start sending
battleships with tomahawk cruisers into
the black sea is not a good idea alright
so so i meanhow
like i was surprised to see Rowley I
mean I don't know I guess I don't read
Rolling Stone enough but I was surprised
I usually reduce Matt Taibbi in Rolling
Stone and he's always on point I'm not
used to that kind of reporting that kind
of BS and that's why it doesn't throw
you so much I hope you understand that I
am I have to have a pretty thick skin to
survive I mean if I took everything
personally it's been hard for me to get
you know ever since JFK I guess it's
across the line and I you know my
version of American history which you
can get in untold history United States
which is I think based on fact there's
not one fiction in that entire series we
we had to double-check it with CBS
lawyers with Showtime lawyers believe me
we worked very hard on it check that
series out and that's my position on
America through basically since nineteen
eighteen ninety but basically take a
look at what happens after World War two
we accelerate into this militant power
nobody on earth has the weapons we have
and as you pointed out the other day
Russia is spending 112 112 approximately
of what we spend on on military so and
China about a third of what we spend on
military so where is all this
expenditure going where is this money
going is it going to private contractors
is it going to troops I mean it's such a
waste that we have I'm one of you let's
go on to another point which is
significant can we or turn yes and we I
mean we have to take into account
president Putin's recent speech on
Thursday week two weeks ago when he got
in front of the Congress they're sort of
a State of the Union speech and he said
we very quietly not threatening me he
said we're gonna take care of the
domestic economy this is our needs but
he said as to foreign he mentioned that
we are under threat from the United
States and NATO and he said let let them
hear very clearly listen to us we have
devised a whole new generation we behind
your backs
we've devised a whole new generation of
nuclear warfare that is beyond what you
think we have and now is the amazing
speech because the United States has in
fact spent trillion dollars or something
like this don't know the exact number on
ABM missiles surrounding Russia
surrounding China those ABMS are useless
now if President Putin some weapons what
he's talking about any
animations of them he couldn't show the
real thing why should he what he said
was true and I believe I mean I don't
think he's a man who collects what we
have no defense against these new
Russian the missiles and the underwater
submarines this ICBM fastest-ever the
the the cruise missile he's devised with
nuclear engine no one's had a nuclear
engine we've had nuclear warheads but a
nuclear engine this small and the cruise
missile that can go on and on and on
almost practically for I don't know what
amount of time and can circle dip dive
do is the most dangerous thing we've
ever faced what we don't even see it
coming in other words it's not in our
interest at this point to think along
with those first strike mentality that
we've had for so long if you go back to
first strike that was the idea that we
could circle Russia and our ibms would
would kill off any retaliation if we hit
them with a first strike okay this is a
big speech and it was delivered very
quietly but seriously and I think it is
being I imagine we have some intelligent
people in this country and the Pentagon
left who can see where this is going not
only that didn't say this which nobody
is taking more account but he also said
you are gonna you know now that I'm
saying this you Americans probably are
gonna do your utmost to spend more money
and to try to outdo this right that'll
be your next step but let me tell you
this we're already working on the next
step
now I've talked to a couple of
scientists and one of them is very
worked in the rocket business in Russia
and he told me some interesting I don't
want to share it with you right now but
you know obviously this thing points to
space America's been trying to won't
sign a space treaty with Russia
well not or China or not science so
America's goals to the r2 are to people
who should be our allies seem to be we
are out to regime change you or to
destruct you this is well a week this is
a message we give off constantly we
should be partners mister Roseville
after World War two he said when there
is a grand alliance here between US
Russia China and Britain this was a his
picture of the world if you'd live a
grand alliance was the world why Russia
was allowed to become our enemy in this
phony
war that we fought 1947 is one of the
great tragedies of modern of modern life
everyone I grew up under a Jew did
we've all felt the fear of it and now I
feel more fear than when I was 15 16
years old and during the Cuban crisis I
thought I'm scared of this I was
reassured by mr. Putin's speech I'll
tell you why because what he was saying
is don't start something you can't
finish you're not gonna win that is
actually working he was saying that the
world is gonna go back to mad madness
this mad quality mutual assured
destruction there is no way you're gonna
take out rush on a first strike will get
you
so you see you see these see these
weapons they're pretty impressive
hypersonic missiles underwater
submarines that by the way an underwater
submarine just think about it with a
nuclear warhead if you need three of
them you need one in the Gulf you'd be
one in the Atlantic and one in the
Pacific you'll have tsunamis so enormous
let me know into the into the East Coast
West Coast and the Southern Bell United
States see tsunamis across the Gulf of
Mexico like remember Thailand but that
kind of size these are gigantic
explosions and all you need are three of
them three of these submarines to get
through and apparently they're stealthy
and their nuclear power nuclear engine
think about it we don't never conceived
of a nuclear engine nor of you know
about this so no I have afraid so I have
my co-host on my the aggressive
progressives says to me that he's not
afraid of nuclear war or war with Russia
like you are and like I am he says
because he thinks that the rich people
won't allow this to happen that the
people who really control everything the
people with all the money we're gonna
allow that to happen what do you say to
that
the wonderful belief I'd like to believe
it I mean I did for many years I thought
you know the Pentagon is in control of
this situation that the politicians have
seemed to be more hysterical than ever
they're hysterical reaction to the
so-called Russian medley the reaction to
Clinton's loss
the concept of violating NATO all this
has led me to believe that the military
is either looking for more money from
the government in order to build up its
budgets and is and is ignoring the
consequence or thinks that Russia is not
strong enough to resist which is
possibility I would not and I think
that's why mr. Putin speech is crucial
it's a new balance it says we have more
than you think but you tell me I mean we
can't have you analyzed that you looked
at dr. Strangelove I looked at dr.
Strangelove with mr. Putin and I showed
it to him I wanted him to react to it
he saw the madness of the two powerless
in 1962 or whatever it was 62 where
there you see at that point in time and
go back into the United States had a
first-strike policy when Eisenhower
although he condemned the military
industrial complex when he left office
actually did more than any president to
build it up and he built up a this you
mentioned it the other day this constant
is psyops plan basically to wipe out
China and Russia at the same time 600
million people were targeted that was
the idea of the first strike that we if
we hit Cuba we're gonna hit China and
Russia at the same time we're not gonna
we're not gonna hesitate and our first
strike ability and we had it by the way
the thinking in the Pentagon in 1961-62
area is very much the Curtis LeMay
thinking he's a guy bomb to out of
Japan before the atomic pen and was in
charge of the atomic bomb in the
dropping of it but he said very clearly
that if we hit Russia now in 1960 62
they want that we can beat them if we
don't they're gonna they're gonna arm up
and they're gonna match us which they
did in the 1970s because they took a
lesson away from the missile strike
think about the first strike don't don't
imagine the United States is not
considering this possibility wow that's
uh that's you know that's scary and
that's yeah that's that's horrible to
think about and you don't find it post
on my Facebook page I posted the 11
minute speech that Putin gave it's a
powerful speech it's probably the most
important speech of the year and
probably the moat the people who are the
most important the man of the year
 that we do every year with all
the stuff we talk about it's all
nonsense Russian meddling the men of the
year of the Russians
who took this to the next stage so what
do you I just want to touch back on this
the Russia gate thing now to me it's
filled with modern-day McCarthyism I
didn't live through the first
McCarthyism of Markarth II scare I
didn't I couldn't imagine that it's how
it happened again but it's being pushed
by the left right now which is
mind-boggling to me so would you equate
it with McCarthyism I mean they're doing
it to Jeremy Corbyn even across the pond
and they're doing it now they're saying
anybody who's progressive so Jill
Stein's a puttin a Putin puppet and of
course Bernie Sanders was boosted by the
Russian so now isn't this how it always
works that they use this commie Red
Scare to shut down the left you this is
an old story yeah ask you if you
remember a lot of the people who were
blacklisted Dalton Trumbo among them it
said that it's the left that sells you
out to look the left did not protect
those people they were scared a lot of
colonists a lot of people you know I
remember those years cuz my dad was a
very anti Russian he was a Republican
conservative he voted for Eisenhower and
the and we had friends who were liberal
and because he and my father was an
