hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i have a special guest with us
today she is the author of this book i'm
holding right here it's called woke a
field guide for utopia Preppers and it's
by Caitlyn Johnston and she's here with
us right now hi Caitlyn how are you hi
Julie how are you I'm doing fantastic
you know I read your book I think I love
it
it's fence has there it is I'll hold it
up again is I got a dog-eared here you
can see and so there's all kind of cool
there's artistic cool artistic drawings
of stuff and did you do the art drug did
you did the drawing yourself yeah that's
my journey no kidding wow you're very
talented and so there's a couple of
pages of big of cool drawings and then
you get in a couple pages in and then
she goes let's begin I'm like I thought
we already began we're already back on
page eight already right so then she
begins with the Welcome it's like page
ten it's a welcome all right like I'm
already in hey you this book is for one
who looks with both eyes it is not for
right eye lookers who why hide away from
the pain of the world using comfort of
comforting ideas and philosophical
positions and spiritual concepts who
leaned back smugly knowing better while
the earth screams while men in suits
with cannibal brains pave over the
forest and code everything in oil the
right eye lookers have killed off the
part of themselves which feels which
cannot look away which brings them
trembling to their knees as the wet face
beauty of each instant and the wailing
of ocean angels and the tears of the
indigenous they definitely slip the
punches that life throws at their head
as it screams look at me feel me why did
you even come here they have traded the
aliveness of their lives to avoid the
intensity of living this book is not for
right eye lookers that is such a great
that's such great writing especially the
line they have traded the aliveness of
their lives to avoid the intensity of
living boy that is talked about that
where did that come from I just make if
they come out of the box you know like
fresh and looking at this world and then
you know you either kind of you
engage in it or you get overcome an
overwhelmed but those of us who really
feel things often the easiest way to do
things is just to put up a wall and lean
back and become cynical and you know
know-it-all know-it-all before you've
even been told it you know like approach
everything without you I already knew
that they already like that they've
already done that they've always done
that they've always done that you know
that phrase they've always done that
crashes our progression as a species
like so and I understand it I get it
you know it's it's difficult to really
feel what's happening here especially
when we're just overwhelmed now with so
much pain and suffering in the world but
um but it's important it's important to
feel it but also to act it suffice so
the next page so that was for right eye
lookers so meaning you're meeting people
who fall on the right side of the
political spectrum and then you have a
page for left eye lookers and you say
this book is not for them either it's
not for the left eye lookers who behold
their flying robots raining fire upon
children who hear the cries of the
mother clutching bloody shreds of
nothing who feel the dying gas of the
white deer dream guides and stand there
transfixed by the horror of it all until
they can hardly see for all the tears
the left eye lookers first of all I love
when you say who behold the flying
robots raining fire upon children
meaning the niat we have to party war
parties in the United States Democrat
and Republican there's no opposition
party to war and I took that to mean
left eye lookers who behold the flying
robots raining fire upon children
meaning what we've been doing our
military has been doing raining fire
upon the poorest people in the world
right now we're doing it in Yemen we're
doing it in Libya we're doing it in Iraq
in Afghanistan in Syria in the philippic
where aren't we doing it right so that's
is that what that means you know there
are children around the world who
afraid of a blue sky because drones hide
in blue skies not in grey and that
that's what we've become we've become
those people who who have made children
afraid of a blue sky yes Wow that can
you imagine that no no I can't imagine
that and you know I mean but I can as
well because you know I have empathy and
then that's what that part of the book
is about is you know those who feel so
much that they are kind of frozen by it
like that they they're so distressed
that they they just want to curl up into
a ball and cry say and you say that's
not
I like that who is who was this book for
you maybe asking well I'm gonna tell she
tells us right on the next page the book
is for the ones who look with both eyes
it is for the ones who see the bombs and
the bastards and stand shaking with the
breath of the beast on their skin when
you look with both eyes you feel it all
but you don't flee or freeze you fight
you swing your sword with both hands
tears pouring from both eyes and when
they try to drive you back you advance
why this is probable writing this is
poetry right so this is this is poetry's
like more powerful than just how I talk
and so this is really it really grabs
you right it really guy for me it really
grabbed me and I'll just I'll just
finish by saying this book is for the
ones who see what is happening how
strong the beast is how pervasive it's
grasped how merciless its mission and
say it and draw their sword for the
weeping warriors for the savage saints
for the bleeding mothers with fire in
their eyes for the hidden mystics whose
prayers keep the earth spinning for the
Buddha's will use their teeth when their
blades are broken and let their
evolutionary ancestors howl through them
this one is for you my lovelies wow
that's great I mean that's just great
writing I just love that I can read it
over and over and and so I didn't know
you wrote poetry so have you always done
this oh yeah you know yeah you know
you're a comedian I actually think this
is an outlet
I think the ones who are you know this
is coming from the artists it's not it
isn't coming from the left eye or the
right eye perspective you know it's
coming
those who have to look with both eyes
like you can't write a great joke unless
you're looking at the world with both
eyes right and uh yeah so I yeah that's
what and that's what I wanted to write
with the book with something that would
really inspire people to to to advance
their art and to to you know how with
the voices of their ancestors because
we're fought and we're we're if
we don't do anything about it
it's one of those things that you know
we were ruled by sociopaths because they
don't care and they can just do what
they need to do to get ahead so it's
it's up to the us who can really feel
but also really express it to to take
the mantle and take the fight to them so
we're living at a time right now were
the people who are supposed to push back
against the bastards are unwittingly
doing their duty right their dinners
during the service of the people when
what I mean by that is the people on the
Left who because of their hatred for
Trump has thrown their critical thinking
skills out the window and now are
embracing things like the FBI and the
CIA and and read scares and McCarthyism
all because they hate Trump and that's
what's happening that's there's it's
clear that's what's happening and you
see the power of propaganda right
because now people just repeat it as as
of as fact that Trump colluded in the
thing and he's in bed with the Russians
and he's a Russian puppet and that's how
you can tell he's a Russian puppet
because he's not starting a war with
Russia so great right now we're in that
you know aggressively provoking war with
Russia as well when you watch his
actions he is not he keeps moving
towards the war but they insist that
that's not happening so you know we're
at a very very crucial dangerous time
when we've got people goading Trump to
go further with Russia yes we won't and
they can't do anything to us wage that
and we've got this cold war suddenly
again we're back in a cold war that
could turn into a hot war at any second
yeah well the same people who tell you
Trump is a crazy person and he shouldn't
be allowed near the nuclear button and
they're afraid of nuclear war then go
ahead and give him a hug extra hundred
and sixty billion dollars to do nuclear
war and then they give him advanced
spying powers so he can spy on anybody
who might want to push against his war
machine right and so they yeah so that's
how you know they're lying because you
can't have it both ways so when the
establishment says Trump is crazy and he
shouldn't be allowed new around a nuke
and then they also wag their finger at
him for not bombing Syria hard enough
you yeah you and then they also give him
unbelievable spying powers they expand
his spying powers on his enemies inside
the United States that's how you know
they're full of am i right because
they are so singing Trump idea it's like
they've got a busy book someone's handed
them a busy box you know Russia Russia
Russia they're not doing anything other
than like screaming at a you know a toy
and you know I have a theory about that
I have a theory that they've they've
given and the Russia gate toei to look
at because if they tried to get you know
horrible and he does horrible things and
there's plenty of things they could
impeach him like including war crimes
and corruption you know they could
impeach him on those things but if they
did that they would close doors to the
establishment in the future they need to
keep those doors open because they do
the exactly the same things so they they
have this Russia Gate story going on
which is it you know big nothing burger
but it's safe because well we won't open
or close any doors that the elite might
want to use in the future so I mean I'm
I spend most of my time trying to
convince people to open both their eyes
and see the game that's being played
here in the game that's being played is
that the establishment does not want you
critiquing the system that gave you
Trump what the establishment wants you
to do
use all your emotional energy and
exhausted at hating Trump and so you
pretend like Trump is the problem so
they can keep on going right along with
their war machine with their farm big
pharma machine with their fossil fuel
machine the whole deal so you get about
Trump is the problem and we all know
Trump is a symptom of the problem the
Trump is the result of people having no
faith in either of the political parties
because they've been screwing them over
since 1980 right wouldn't you say and
like a virulent disease that needs to be
attacked but it won't be a tactically
cute shouting a Trump you know he
literally is a puppet right now I know
right but so how do you have any
suggestions like Kyle kolinsky just did
an hour debate with Genki ogor trying to
open both of his eyes to this and how
they're unwittingly sowing their own
demise by propping up the FBI
FBI which is the enemy of all lefty
organizations right they call everybody
a communist and then and then and
they're unwittingly doing though so I
don't see this them so it didn't by the
way didn't help Kyle talk to him for a
whole hour and it didn't nothing didn't
move the needle a bit and so it just
seems to get worse every every day now
it just seems to get worse I saw Eric
Bullard he's from Media Matters that guy
he tweeted out that we were bloating up
our military budget and were
underfunding our public broadcasting
system he says that's the Kremlin
playbook it's like no that's Ronald
Reagan's playbook what the are you
talk so now just being again they're
back to everything they don't like is a
'pizza is a mccarthy smear everything
they don't like is Russian isn't that
weird rap that's not genius like you
know you can't you can't advance any
sort of civil rights ideas or any sort
of progressive ideas at all and be
without being called a Putin pot you
know Putin BOTS or whatever yeah yeah
it's um it's scary it's really scary
because they've they've blocked off the
whole progressive wing by doing this you
yes yes yes yes right and yeah they and
you what you said as well let have seen
you say they've got all the Democrats
punching from the right now on Trump
like he's they're having a go at him for
not being hawkish enough for nothing you
know all these things that that
Democrats never used to it was it was
not their thing anymore so we've got
this bizarre situation where the the the
actual health the people who need to be
talking about this sort of stuff all the
time
are being censored on you know of by a
eyes I just recently got up a 12-hour
Twitter ban for um you know and it's
self censorship as well that's the other
thing is that they've but the mob kind
of coming in at you all the time telling
you to shut up because you're you're
getting paid by the Kremlin or some chef
oh my god it's crazy
Jimmy it's so crazy it's so crazy out
there
it's sorry you don't have to tell me I
hear it every every goddamn day
I'm actually not buying into a
conspiracy the conspiracy being that
somehow Trump colluded with the Russians
to hack the election which they've never
proven or to even talked clearly about
they won't even talk clearly about it so
yeah I'm pushing back against the
conspiracy literally people will say I'm
a conspiracy theorist because I don't
buy the Russia collusion Trump narrative
no no I'm debunking of concern
that's how mental people are they don't
even realize that I'm pushing back
against the conspiracy theory that's how
bad it's gotten and so you don't go
ahead it's just done it's a thing now
and you can't and when you actually
engage with people I need a little bit
of evidence thank you if we're going to
go into a cold war with a you know
nuclear superpower
perhaps give us a bit of evidence and
they can't no one can
it's like a there's a great phrase
called ish Gallup a Gish Gallup fallacy
which is when you just pile on like
vague kind of insinuations
and associations etc none of it which is
real hard evidence but if you see if you
pile on enough of it then people just
give up because you know if you take it
apart and stuff and say well that's not
true that's not true you would be there
forever and that's what Russia Gate is
just one giant Gish gallop fallacy that
has been taken as truth all over the
place and people tell me they go oh you
hate that that news shows talk about
Russia's so much you talk about it too
I'm trying to debunk that that's a
different thing if I did talk
about it it would be like I'm ignoring
the problem it's just it's crazy
so all right so let's get back to your
great book right and where can people
get this book by the way Amazon or go
into your own bookshop and order it
that's the best way to do it I'll go to
go to a brick-and-mortar bookshop and
ask them to order it for you well yeah
that's fun okay I mean I would never
that you know I would never cross my
mind but that's a good idea I think so
let me just read it's what it's online
okay so it's like Barnes & Noble and
what-have-you and if you have to use
that evil Amazon link go ahead and then
I'll take that money you use and I'll
make a video about how evil Amazon is
about that I have to use Amazon too and
you know it's like I'm using a Macintosh
computer I had to buy gas to put in my
car right so I'm buy are you supporting
Exxon I guess so so it's like you have
to live in the world the problem isn't
that individuals need to take themselves
off the grid the problem is we need to
break up Amazon and I'll take
that Amazon money to preach about how we
need to break up Amazon and hopefully we
really have a political solution to this
because each person trying to
live outside this corporate system that
they've set up is impossible you have to
buy a car you have to use a computer you
have to use electricity you have to
order online and that's yak and you
can't you can't unless you want to live
off the grid which I don't want to and I
can't because I have to have a media
show and I want to be able to reach
people to try to actually change things
and the way to change things isn't
everybody go
like a hermit ok so I hope that
was clear
I find that real victim-blaming when
people come at you and say what are you
doing you should not be do drive a car
do you have like this do you have that
or whatever that is pure victim-blaming
it it's not our fault that their systems
are run by like six people now you know
you've got it live in the world and and
you've got to do everything you can do
to change that by like starving yourself
of nutrients is just playing into their
hands be a real person take what you
need and fight them fight them as hard
as you can but take what you need yes
that's very good so let's move on
here's just some regular poetry from
your book which I thought I which
appealed to me so I'll should you mind
if I do you mind that I'm reading this
or does it bother you that I read this
so here's up here's a poem I arts very
quick I'll read it to you says you are
ugly you are ugly you are ugly you are
ugly as sure as my bones are screaming
and my hands are horrible and the
rainforests are a parking lot and the
pop songs are all the same and the pop
stars are all the same and the world is
coated in crude oil and the angels are
dead you are ugly buy stuff so that
you'll and so that they'll love you buy
stuff that'll kill the pain buy stuff to
drown your mother's voice buy stuff to
wage war on the inevitable buy stuff to
hide from your mortality buy stuff to
make the bastards richer buy stuff to
finally be good enough buy stuff because
it's all they've left you buy stuff you
are alone buy stuff buy stuff that's
fantastic that's awesome writing I it's
just because I mean you know a poem has
a way to you know make a luminate a
point in fewer words I would have to
talk for three or four hours to say
everything that poem just said and it's
it's awesome how works oh you want to
talk about that poem
where you got the idea for it or I
just the obsessive nature oh you know I
think like like I talk a lot about media
propaganda in terms of politics and
manufacturing consent for Wars etc in my
work but advertising itself is
propaganda yeah and it gives it like it
 us up just as much as anything
else you know this idea that we have to
be a certain shape a certain shade a
certain type of person to exist in the
world you know to even be allowed to
exist in the world is really depressing
and we can become very depressing on the
body and I just wanted to shake that off
you know and like and point out that
kind of the brainwashing of of
television and radio etc and like to
