hi everybody welcome to part three of
our interview with Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Chris Hedges and his
new book America the farewell tour and
they brought back their own stock which
because their compensation packages are
tied to it
Apple spent a hundred billion dollars
buying back its own stock
they paid unsustainable debt and you
know the I don't know so what does that
mean to people when they go they bought
back their own stock why is that bad
what is that people listen so what I
don't because it's what Marx called
fictitious capital it's a giant Ponzi
scheme you you buy back the stock as if
the value of your company is actually
worth more
well it's only worth more because you
were given money money by the Fed at 0%
interest and the other thing that
they've done is because it has to be
paid back even though it's zero percent
interest is ratcheted up the debt
peonage on the American public so that's
where you get 1.5 trillion in student
debt that's we get 13 some trillion and
household debt that's where you get you
know if you're late on your credit card
is 28% if even if you have insurance I
mean a million people here in this
country who go bankrupt have insurance
health insurance it's just that there
are so many loopholes and the insurance
policy could just slam you with yeah
this cost that cost this bill that's
bail until you can't pay for it
so the situation I mean I just read
those statistics so we know economically
they're worse than they were before the
crash but the the predatory nature now
of global capitalism it's just
completely unrestricted there's no
constraints and Trump is this kind of
turbocharged kleptocracy and that's what
the tax cut is it's it's it's just
unfettered pillage of the rest of the
country but we know where it's going to
go and
this time around they don't have a plan
B
they can't lower interest rates any more
than they've already lowered them and
then we're really in for it we we just
had Stephanie Cohen on and I presented
her with that and she said all bankers
are creative they like they have a lot
more thought I can't do anything
she's like they'll figure something
that's what she said
I don't know it doesn't seem like you're
right it seems like they're out of she
has faith in bankers I you know I loved
how you you I thought I had it written
down here I'm having hard time finding
it but though kind of the whole point of
this show since 2016 is to fight against
the narrative that Trump is the problem
and that as soon as we get rid of Trump
everything will be good because Barack
Obama was such a nice guy and what they
don't realize is if they did realize
what Barack Obama actually did which was
again continue the policies of George
Bush made the banks bigger made the wars
more made the Bush tax cuts permanent
didn't have to do that just gonna let
him expire kicked 5.1 million families
out of their houses
as he was given trillions of dollars to
the banks he let the the Union go away
in Wisconsin he so if they knew all
those things that they they would go oh
now I get why we have Trump but they
people don't know those things and you
have you the way you put it at that
Trump is not an anomaly that he is a you
know grotesque visages of a failed
democracy so I mean I've covered
societies and disintegration including
Yugoslavia so that's why you're good at
this I think you've seen this before
I've watched it so the the meltdown in
Yugoslavia was caused by the financial
collapse of Yugoslavia not ancient
ethnic hatreds and you had as we do and
ineffectual and finally despised ruling
elite that was slick in their language
of democracy and inclusiveness and all
this kind of stuff the way Obama was but
with that economic collapse in the late
80s and this is what terrifies me is
what will happen when our collapse comes
with that economic collapse the rage at
the betrayal across the ruling spectrum
saw the Yugoslavs turn to trump like
figures crude vulgar racist imbeciles
who incite violence because however you
know uneducated and inarticulate Trump
is that belittling of the jeb Bush's and
the Hillary and Bill Clinton's resonates
and in some ways in kind of dark ways
even cathartic because they hate these
people and they hate them especially not
only for what they've done but how slick
they are how they keep speaking you know
in tones of reasonable nests when their
lives have long since stopped being
reasonable and you know in this book the
focus of the book is the pathologies
that are created by a decayed culture
that the human suffering the the it's
what emile durkheim calls the enemy or
the despair that pushes people to engage
in self annihilating activities heroin
gambling suicide hate groups sexual
sadism I went to San Francisco and hung
out with these BDSM cult-like
communities so that's typical I mean I
studied classics that's that all of
those pathologies were
part of the decline of the Roman Empire
the decline of the austro-hungarian
Empire that's when societies cease up
when they fall into degeneration it
unleashes what Freud would call them the
death instinct and that's what's
happening and I and I I focused on the
pathologies arguing that until we
address the despair the dislocation the
the alienation the until we address that
these pathologies will only get worse
and they find an expression in Trump and
if you can impeach Trump but unless you
confront those pathologies you're gonna
get another figure like Trump or worse
and Noam Chomsky argues probably
correctly that Michael Pence is worse
because he comes out of our most
authentically fascist movement which is
the Christian Right and I speak as a
Seminary graduate I don't you know item
not a new atheist so and they are
fascist
you don't have to go to Harvard Divinity
School as I did to figure out that Jesus
did not come to make you rich
Jesus did not fuse the iconography and
language of the state with that of the
religion in order to sack relize
imperialism and capitalism and and of
course it's a form of magical thinking
because it's magic Jesus who's gonna and
it gets right back to it's nothing wrong
with the system it's I've just got to
believe more and give more money to my
mega church pastor was already a
multi-millionaire for seed faith in a
prayer cloth and and then Jesus will
come down and I'll be rich too so the
the you know the Trump supporters were
already kind of primed at the pump
because their leaders are these kind of
hucksters these religious leaders are
all see there's very little daylight
between no mega church pastor no Frye
except maybe the sexual proclivities of
the mega pastors but they think here
yeah okay so here's also from the book
you see you know you talk about magical
thinking but there's
also magical thinking on the left yeah
so but here's this one but you say
capitalism can never be appeased liberal
reforms are used to stymie resistance
but are later when things grow quiet
revoked right the past examples of labor
in the United States over form does not
constitute an invasion into capitalist
exploitation well that's such I like we
need that again social reform does not
constitute an invasion into capitalist
exploitation but a regulating in order
of this exploration in the interest of
capitalist society itself
so you're saying social reform is also
like just like doing the bidding of the
establishment you know Roosevelt said
that his greatest achievement was that
he saved capitalism and yeah people
think he was a socialist but what he did
was so he told the rich people there's
gonna be a revolution he unless you give
him some money wrote a letter I read it
oh really I think it's to his brother
this is in his private correspondent
dangers death and he said we better give
up some of our money or we're gonna have
revolution route he used the word
revolution and you think we're there
again today I think we are I except we
don't have the movements we don't have
the progressive movement we don't have
the Wobblies we don't have the old CIO
we don't have an independent press
they've been hollowed out yes we don't
and we don't have the Communist Party
and let's not forget I'm not a communist
but we have so effectively erased them
from our history there's a reason Paul
Robeson and aa we2 voice for communists
we don't even allow people to be
environmentalists in this country
anymore no they're called terrorists
yeah yes they are yeah AG gag laws no I
so but people don't realize Barack Obama
repealed basically habeas corpus and do
you talk about this a lot in the NDAA
section 1021 the National Defense
Authorization Act so now basically you
can be disappeared on the streets of the
United States and people go do you
really think that's gonna happen Jimmy
now though why do you think they passed
the law if they didn't want to
use it well what do you think happens to
poor black people in cities like Chicago
they could disappeared
that they had it in Chicago all the time
then they were tortured yes it's not
just Chicago so again people
don't realize how bad things are I don't
think or the people in power the people
that I normally rub shoulders with don't
when I was touring as a comic just
playing clubs those people knew how bad
things were I saw how bad things were
you know what bit I remember I'll never
forget I said two weeks in Winnipeg
which is cold and but I I immediately
noticed this has got to be I don't know
15 years ago I immediately noticed that
everyone was less tense like the
waitress the bartender everybody and
then I took me like a week to figure it
out but nobody was worried about losing
their job because their kid had diabetes
and they needed to keep their health
they had the same health care as their
boss and the guy who owned the club and
so it kind of even everybody out which
is maybe that's why they have all the
guns like Michael Moore was trying to
figure out but not the violence maybe
because they have a government that
actually gives a about their
well-being unlike what we have here is
us worshiping the altar of free markets
which I have to remind people there are
no such things as free markets markets
are created by people who have stuff to
sell and then they rigged the rules to
favor them correct comcast has Comcast
it's not an example of free market we're
all super free and people don't even
realize how elf Sharpton got that job I
love that you tell the story they don't
people don't know it was totally rigged
how we got that and yeah yeah you talk
about Jesse Jackson being booed in
Ferguson yeah can you talk about that
sure because so these young activists
some of whom I interview out of Ferguson
pretty impressive people they're not
buying that black Glenn Ford calls it
the misleadership class the black
misleadership class like the jesse
jackson's and others who made alliances
with corporate america and the political
structure I mean of course the Clintons
in his case but the young generations
not having it so both say they did
sellout they think DL Sharpton's I mean
that's it wait why Al Sharpton and Jesse
Jackson were driven out of Ferguson yeah
yeah so he Jesse Jackson's over there
with a bullhorn screaming no justice no
peace and the people came up to him said
get out of here or are you gonna get
hurt are you gonna get hurt yes yeah and
he said this is that's the problem we
got to come together they're like no
you're the problem because you sold out
to these people we're supposed to be
resisting yeah so so now a lot of people
I think one of the big criticisms of
yours come from the left is that people
say you know you don't you don't have
enough solutions and that that that you
you and so that's what people tell me
too
they're like aw you're just crying but I
want to read you say this is great also
I so I love this part
you say only when ruling elites become
worried about survival do they react
appealing to the better their better
nature or of the powerful is useless
because they don't have one we once had
within our capitalist democracies
liberal institutions we once had within
our capitalist democracy liberal
institutions the press labor unions
political third parties civic and church
groups public broadcasting well-funded
universities and liberal wing of the
Democratic Party that were capable of
responding to outside pressure from
movements they did so imperfectly they
provided only enough reforms to save the
capitalist system from widespread unrest
or with the breakdown of capitalism in
the 1930s from revolution they never
adequate and they never adequately
addressed white supremacy institutional
racism or the cruelty that is endemic to
capitalism but they have the ability to
mitigate some of the suffering that
plagued working men and women there was
never enough social mobility but there
was some public education including
institutions such as the City College of
New York rivaled the private
institutions including prep schools and
Ivy League's and Ivy League colleges
were the wealthy sent their sons and
daughters to be groomed for the
plutocracy these liberal institutions I
spent 248 pages in my book death of a
liberal class explaining how this
happened happened these liberal
institutions collapsed under sustained
assault during the last 40 years of
corporate power they exist now only in
name and they are props in the
Democratic facade liberal nonprofits
from move on
org to the Sierra Club are no better
they are feeble appendages to a
corporatized Democratic Party so well
I'll just go a little bit further there
are as the political philosopher Sheldon
Wolin reminds us no institutions left in
America then cannot that can
authentically be called Democratic but
even more ominously the militant
movements that were the real engines of
democratic change have been obliterated
by the multi-pronged assault of
communists wish hunts and McCarthyism
along with the deindustrialization a
slew of anti labor laws and deregulation
and corporate seizure of our public and
private institutions this has left us
nearly defenseless forcing us to start
all over again and so you go on and talk
about what what are we gonna need to
fight back against these bastards you
talk about how we're gonna need to come
together with people of the political
stripes and ideologies that we often
find deplorable right so what so so
you're saying we go ahead what do you
think well I think it was Lord Salisbury
who was a but he said there's no
permanent there are no permanent
alliances they're only permanent power
right we do have to I mean if you go
into a Walmart and I mean the walton
family is just it's out of you know late
menorah coal France I mean it's just
they sit around and or maybe the Sackler
family from Purdue making eleven
thousand dollars an hour for doing
nothing and having these sophisticated
union-busting I'm talking about Walmart
yeah but if you went into a Walmart with
just hollowed out any small town
including the ones I come from the and
you say we're gonna organize for a $15
minimum wage and health insurance you're
speaking to the very real economic
issues of people who may have voted for
Trump or people who may hold opinions
and political beliefs that are
distasteful to you but we're gonna have
to build those alliances because as you
point out the goal of every ruling elite
especially as you veer towards a crisis
is to keep the working classes not only
divided but pitted against each other in
America that's done usually through race
you know even the kind of anti-communist
movement was racialized I mean I spent
time with these white militias the
Knights of the all right proud boys the
three percenters at one point I was
actually around a bonfire in a rural
part of upstate New York outside of
Binghamton with all of these guys while
they were drinking beer praying to my
presbyterian God that none of them would
Google me but their stories of
dislocation are real and their suffering
is real and when I wrote my book on the
Christian Right I came to the conclusion
that we're never gonna argue these
people out of their magical thinking and
cria the only way to break the movement
is to reintegrate these people back into
the society but we've done the opposite
we pushed them further and further out
and and the further you get pushed out
the harder it is to cope with reality
the more as a kind of emotional
mechanism you retreat into magical
thinking anthropologists call it crisis
cults which is kind of what the
Christian Right is so in many ways Trump
Trump's magical thinking
Trump's worldview which is not rooted
and verifiable fact is not an anomaly
tens of millions of Americans including
all of those in the Christian Right have
preceded Trump in stepping into a non
reality based worldview so here's how
you put it in the book you say when
people say what are you building around
I say we're building around power people
who understand power tend to have the
patience to build a base do the training
raise the money
so when they go into action they
surprise people if we are to succeed we
will have to make alliances with people
in groups whose professed political
stances are different than ours
than our own and at times unpalatable to
us we will have to shed our ideological
purity the legendary organizer Saul
Alinsky whose successor at chambers was
deacons mentor argued that the
ideological rigidity of the left
something epitomized in identity
politics and political correctness
effectively severed the left from the
lives of working men and women this was
also through during the Vietnam War when
college students led the anti-war
protests and sons of a working class
that the fighting and dying in Vietnam
the left often dismisses to dismiss
Trump supporters as irredeemable
redeemable racists and bigots often
ignoring their betrayal and suffering
condemning all those who support Trump
is political condemning all those who
support Trump is political suicide there
are no permanent enemies no permanent
allies only permanent interests as you
already said so when I'm in Anderson
Indiana with all these old UAW workers
GM has moved all the plants to Mexico
where they're paying Mexicans $3 an hour
without benefits
so all those union jobs are gone 20 $35
an hour with medical benefits and
pensions and you could support a family
on one salary and buy a house and send
your kid it's all gone the city's a
wasteland like all the D they've
actually ripped down the huge GM plant
so these massive weed-choked lots they
voted for Sanders in the primary but
they were never gonna vote for a Clinton
in the general election because NAFTA
destroyed their lives the lives of their
families the lives of their communities
and the lives of their children and and
