hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a very special guest in
studio with us I'm a big fan of her
music
it's Nelly Makai she's been hurt her
music has been heard on Mad Men
Boardwalk Empire weeds Grey's Anatomy
NCIS Nurse Jackie and she's appeared on
TV shows like The Late Show with David
Letterman Conan Ferguson the view which
is where I saw her first
Nelly has made numerous radio
appearances on NPR's Mountain stage of
Prairie Home Companion e town and Marian
McPartland piano jazz she's
multi-talented Nellie Makai ladies and
gentlemen thank you for being our guest
Thank You Jimmy
well it's really a big thrill to have
you now here's your latest album so now
the first album that you did that I was
aware of was get away from me
that's what it was called what a
hilarious name and what how did you come
up with the name for get away from me
are you bored with that question oh no
not a bit
well there were a lot of albums that
came out that year that seemed very
friendly it wasn't just Norah Jones come
away with me it was Jane Monheit come
dream with me triumph the insult comic
dog had come poop with me Sinatra had
had come dance with me Ashanti had come
with me and get away from me though
didn't wasn't just a riff on that it was
also already there was a surveillance
state you know there was the the feeling
of the government and crouching on to
our lives and it's only grown since then
so good title Wow look at you he's
talking to a musician she mentions the
surveillance state in the first answer
god bless you I think about it all the
time do you really well you can't take
your cell phone anywhere I mean part of
the reason for having a cell phone is
safety I don't want the government to
know everywhere I go
well they do ya know i yeah it's a lot
of times I I'm not in touch it hurts my
work but I just don't want to be tracked
yeah you turn it off yeah oh no I I
don't even take it because now I have
the smartypants one and so you you can't
it'll still track you even if you turn
it off yeah actually I take the battery
out for a doctor track right right right
so I just pretend I have a gun in my
pocket so you know let me just give you
some quotes that people have said about
your music
thanks to Nelly mkhaya the Great
American Songbook has a living breathing
present as well as a
glorious past that's from the Boston
Globe Makai comes on as a Harlem Harlem
Holly Golightly a social activist with a
disarming mastery of pop vernacular
that's from the LA Times a sly
articulate musician who sounds
comfortable in any era that's the New
York Times and so ambitious intriguing
and clever that's Billboard magazine and
it's you know you do so many things your
your music you have a beautiful voice
you're you know virtuoso on the piano
and you have you write such great music
that has such it hooks you right and
hooked me and here's your latest here's
your latest album it's called Nellie
McKay's sister orchid so now this is you
doing some standards from the 30s and
40s correct that's right yeah and so how
did you come up with the idea and how'd
you come up with the name well I think
partly the it extends into the 50s I
believe small day tomorrow was written
by Fran Landis men in the late Bob
Dorough I believe that was in the 50s
and so I think there's a film war feel
to the album which partly came out of
the first Cold War and the first wave of
McCarthyism and now we are in a similar
space which I think a lot of people
don't know it I mean my mother grew up
you know her dad built a fallout shelter
and and my Nana was happy because that
was a day off from him beating her he
was so worn out from building the
fallout shelter
so now though you know a whole group of
kids grew up with that trauma of you
know perpetually being afraid at the
bomb and now people seem fairly
oblivious to it they're actively
encouraging this this anonymity towards
Russia it's more dangerous than the
first one you have the Western Front you
have the situation Syria and then you
have Asia with the pivot to Asia where
it was it's been filled with US military
activity so I I think it's about time
that we brought back more film noir and
that kind of a if the end is near let's
just stay out all night you know
so do you do you see us having a meaning
people who think like us who recognize
the danger of this the current climate
that we're living in when do we get our
good night and good luck
you know when do when does
hero come along to turn the
establishment or most of the people in
mainstream America to understanding that
this is the new McCarthyism instead of
what they're thinking which is this is a
good thing to get drunk bright-eyed well
only a genuine populist left can defeat
the right and that has been effectively
crushed you know so I a friend of mine
who's worked in DC for a long time he
said even Bernie is a quick-fix I mean
it basically comes down to communities
you know and in local organizing you
know so you think you know what I have
said previously which was also I found
out which is what Bernie said in the
early 90s I have a video is that there
needs to be a progressive movement
outside the Democratic Party of course
and it's an abusive relationship
the only pragmatic way is out so when
you say it's an abusive relationship
between progressives and the Democratic
Party is that what you mean yeah and how
so Luther bought and paid for yeah you
know and I went to 13 states for Bernie
when when I started I thought I was
going to vote for Clinton at the end I'm
sure you didn't but I didn't know
anything I was I was pretty out to lunch
as you said you know Obama puts the left
to sleep and I didn't know so many
things I wasn't properly paying
attention and I had always believed in
my life that in the lesser of two evils
perhaps some progress can be made and
that isn't true when you take a
comprehensive view yes that in fact we
kill backwards every time right so every
time you vote lesser of two evils in my
lifetime we've gone backwards right
right
so yeah that's very a very astute of you
well there's a there's an article in
black agenda report called how Obama is
the most effective evil and that's a
pretty good article oh I haven't seen
that one I'd I'd like to read that yeah
well I just found out two days ago that
Barack Obama dropped more bombs than
George Bush did Wow
yeah why no he launched 10 times more
drone strikes and one of the primary
missiles of the drone program is the
Hellfire missile which is a thermobaric
weapon
which sucks the air out of its victims
lungs collapsing the internal organs and
when you keep in mind that when they did
a study of drone strikes that they found
nearly 90 percent of those killed are
civilians I mean when you actually
reckon with what the government does but
for years I I just I didn't just vote
Democratic I campaigned for them and I
sent the money I you know I I remember
in high school I went to a largely
Republican high school making up rap
songs about Bill Clinton and all the
attendant rhymes I can still remember my
list of rhymes I mean I just you know I
just thought the Democrats are the
better guys at least yes I was and I was
right there with you until I read that
book listen liberal bye why am i
blinking thomas frank i must read that
so that was what made me like i am yeah
oh good i will check that i mean of
course there's death of the liberal
class right sure I mean if you read that
to Chris Hedges
the striking failure of the Democratic
it's not a failure by the way it's not a
flaw it's a design right of course so
they're they're designed to suppress
progress progressivism and they're there
to keep the status quo and the idea do
you agree with that with the theory that
the Democratic Party would rather lose
to a Republican than went with a
progressive oh of course
I've got you know I called all my
celebrity friends you know who I don't
I'm always a little scared of so this
was the one time I called this friend
and I had had their number and I said
please can you endorse Bernie and and
they said no I'm gonna wait till the big
one I thought this is the big one
you know I cuz I knew by then and um but
what people don't see the vast
continuity between administrations I
mean and with identity politics which
you know definitely they they affect
your life but it's become completely
clouded I mean I kind of think what are
those things are they fallopian tubes or
uterus the thing that has two parts I
think it's almost like a pair of glasses
and you can't see anything past them
anymore and I imagine it's the same for
people who
are not white who are not Christian who
are not straight that that it becomes
all it just becomes this perpetual
navel-gazing and you don't realize that
say Obama invested we started the
program that would invest 1 trillion in
more usable new gooks over 30 years I
mean it's a you know that affects you
you know you don't have control over
your body if you're gonna be blown to
bits right exactly yeah people don't
know him he didn't launch a trillion
dollar investment in education over 30
years right right he didn't launch a
trillion dollar investment in prenatal
care or you know he trim trillion
dollars in nuclear bomb usable nuclear
bomb right right prompting one general
to say smaller means they're more
thinkable yes yeah yeah and everyone
says Trump's the crazy guy which he
which he seems to be but if they really
believed that he was it's weird that
they keep voting to give him more
surveillance power and more bombs right
isn't that that's kind of a
contradiction right you would think you
think but you know I canvassed so many
neighborhoods for Bernie and I met
people in Detroit who were voting
against NAFTA and it was that was I
canvassed a lot of primarily black
neighborhoods because this country is
still very segregated and aside from
Detroit where it was mostly you know
Trump was the you vote can I say
that yeah yeah he was the vote
that uh pretty much the the consensus I
would get from Harlem to Compton to
parts of South Carolina was that Trump
is crazy and so is this world you know
he takes the mask off he's not a lie
anymore
Zora Neale Hurston has a quote something
is the effect of I would rather know the
truth and continue to climb on the wagon
of wishful illusions I think that all
the time I mean that's the Democratic
Party it's just you know and and once
you see the lie it's so obscene you are
at the convention I was at the
convention it was a funeral pyre I mean
it was just like there are songs I sing
and I'm still looking at that stage now
just wishing you know if the ukulele was
had the ability to I never want to hurt
anybody I just want to make them go away
wait do you know it's just you see it
for what it is and and the lie of it is
too much to bear it is too much to bear
and people you know it was it was really
disheartening to see the Democratic
Party who I supported my whole life kick
a black woman off the stage
Turner and replace her with a
billionaire who instituted stop and
frisk in me I know I know that guy's
welcome on stage
I know but Turner and so do you feel let
down by Bernie uh
oh well I know so many people who
invested so much
I mean beyond mere money there are
millions of people who invested hundreds
of millions of dollars in a primary that
was decided from the beginning but I
also know people who gave so much more
of themselves beyond that I mean a
friend of mine who was the first woman
in the construction workers union in
Minnesota in the house painters Union
she went to five states for Bernie she
went into debt she really believed he
had a chance she was here in Southern
California you know a friend of mine who
was in the Vietnam War he's a veteran he
went he campaigned for a year we were
everywhere we drove around Indiana
looking for the cheapest smokes you know
he's got on para overalls he was out
working 17 hour days along with the
college kids he's got a bad leg but he
believed and he wanted this so badly
you're gonna take a year of his life and
then not only demand that he vote for
the Democrats but shame and blame and
smear and attack him for not doing that
he sold his truck to go on the road for
bernie is the DNC gonna buy him his
truck back no no they don't even want
him to vote no they don't even want to
let him be voting in the primary and you
said it you said that they don't just
not fear us they don't just ignore us
they actively mock and malign us and
work against us right so what's
happening right now in all the
Democratic primaries across the country
is they're cheating the progressive
right we've seen it Nancy Pelosi cheated
to they've cheated in in Houston they're
cheating everywhere and this isn't new
right so weak that now
the undercover tape from Keller from
Colorado with Steny Hoyer that the
intercept published right show you that
he says our decision has been made
before the people get to vote right they
the party has made a decision right and
it doesn't involve you right
I and so Mike you know I feel
dumbfounded that Bernie who spent his
whole life as an independent than
sheepdogs people into that party that is
actively working against him what do you
say to that at this point I mean Chris
had just said you'd consider voting for
Bernie if he was an independent but to
go says that primary again I can't I
can't do it again and I I know other
people I don't want to put my friends
through this I mean the dearest people
none of whom had money you know who were
out there knocking doors teachers here
in Southern California I mean my friend
in Iowa you know they take you in my
friends in South Carolina they put not
not only me but my rambunctious dog you
know the you know my friends in South
Carolina left a copy of lies my teacher
told me on my bedside table as if we had
any time you know people are sleep
deprived in a primary they don't have
time for this and it was the most
diverse group of people I'd ever worked
with in my life
and I grew up in Queens so you know I
mean it was just and and and the way the
corporate media is is arranged and and
in the viciousness of it and the
viciousness of the smears I he can't go
through that party again he is he's
gonna and you know speaking of the media
it was such a the Bernie campaign
revealed the corruption inside the
corporate lefty media amazingly and then
WikiLeaks revealed the rest of it what
Hillary Clinton has a pipe pipes
pop-eyed Piper strategy which then
they're minions and the lefty press
pushed which is just my my mind blowing
that that they would do that
did did you feel the same way I like it
really like to watch MSNBC cover
or not cover him and in favor of an
empty podium for Trump which is that's
not hyperbole they literally did that
did it was it was it as distasteful for
you as it was for me Oh watch that
oh I remember just bawling I mean just
the emotion of that campaign we were in
Canton Ohio and and and later I learned
how politically how much political
corruption is in Ohio it's similar to a
Nevada I think in a way and it's one of
the most where if you follow the money
in that state right and and and I just
but you call it projectile tears you
know it's just because we had just had
Michigan and that was such you know if
flying through the night getting the
last people trying to avoid the people
with leprechauns on their doors because
they were always a little mean to you
for some reason I'm sure it's not all
people but in Detroit for some reason
really you wanted to avoid the
leprechauns
especially the tensley leprechauns but
we were flying China at the last people
out till you know at the Atilla polls at
8:00 p.m. we were in this beautiful
campaign space with artwork and again it
was such a group of people from all
walks of life you know and and when he
was so I was just flying you know and
then when you know to continue on and
and and and after that the smears got
ramped up yeah of course because he was
a threat yeah because he won something
yeah so well it's fun it's I'm first of
all I think it is it okay you keep
talking about this oh no I love I love
it oh I'm not I'm not saying there are
things you keep touching on oh well I
mean for instance in the DNC lawsuit
when they when the the lawyers for the
Democrats said something to the effect
of we have the right to pick candidates
in smoke-filled back rooms if we wish to
mean right
so they don't and they haven't changed
rather by the way so they had that
reform committee and they didn't reform
anything and what did it have you
followed that at all the reform
committee I mean a little bit but I
they still have super-delegates no no no
that's me
can you imagine that's like something
you know you with you you would can
still do right like they would rigged
their well we have super-delegates right
right they're they're worth their
daughter vote is worth 10,000 days it's
important that they know they no matter
Jimmy yeah so that's and but no that's
what we do here and everybody's like yep
sounds good
hey you know it's like you to lose an
election to a political novice and then
blame another country right is what the
Democrats are doing and now they're
suing right instead of offering a
program to help people they're gonna
file a lawsuit I couldn't be more
letdown and but all against WikiLeaks
that's the lawsuit you're talking about
yeah yeah no I know I know I know I was
waiting for a house that's something
I've missed
no of course of course yeah they're
suing the WikiLeaks for doing journalism
right right they do it you know did you
see the post the movie the post I didn't
I didn't want to why didn't you want to
see it because I mean at this point it I
dia that Hollywood it I mean they're
they've turned their back you know in
Goodfellas when Paulie turns his back
yeah I gotta give you like I'd here's
three grand no I gotta turn my back on
you that's right and he says this is it
for a lifetime of hard work this is
Henry that's what happened you know the
working class got what a certificate of
appreciation you know and the the coasts
turned their back the professional class
and you know now they blame them I mean
the I don't know how I'm gonna do my
show tonight cuz who plays tickets you
know but I mean I but it's just there's
no future there you know we weren't just
fighting for a future to believe in we
were fighting for a future at all right
you know I know with this level of
