but now I'm gonna show you something
that's got accidentally accidentally got
let out on MSNBC oh and so here you go
this this happened last Friday on the
Morning Joe ball so Jeffrey Sachs time
in this is mmm very different first of
all I'd like who's Jeffrey Sachs i watch
MSNBC all the time I almost never I
don't ever remember seeing this guy why
I'm like also there's a new guy I'm like
I'm thinking that the CIA just pull a
new guy out to push the war who is this
guy and listen to what he says and now
you know why you're never gonna see him
on MSNBC here it comes than just a war
between two countries this is as
convoluted as it gets and could get out
of control I don't think people might
really conceptualize maybe even not this
president how out of control this could
escalate it's true but I think we have
to step back and not put this in
partisan terms this is a u.s. mistake
that started seven years ago and I
remembered the day on on your show
mmm-hmm
funny right I'm like you know I'm just
saying what you said this guy will never
be this is a you let's just what a treat
to hear someone like this yes what a try
can already tell it's like you know give
it to you straight you know here comes
when President Obama said Assad must go
and I looked at you and Joe and I said
huh how is he going to do that where is
the policy for that right and we know
they sent in the CIA to overthrow Assad
the CIA and Saudi Arabia together in
covert operations tried to overthrow
Assad it was a disaster eventually it
brought in both Isis as a splinter group
to the jihadists that went in it also
brought in Russia so we have been
digging deeper and deeper and deeper
what we should do now is get out and not
continue to throw missiles not have a
confrontation with Russia seven years
has been a disaster under Obama
continuing under Trump this is what
would call the permanent State this is
the CIA this is Pentagon wanting to so
yeah they're just like stone they don't
know what they'd say though they're like
aw he sounds off script he's
telling the truth about what's happening
so he said this is the permanent state
meaning it doesn't matter who's elected
these are this is the CIA and the NSA
this is the deep state other people
refer to as the deep state the
intelligence community he calls it the
permanent state which I like that
because it lets you know that this is
the permanent war machine and it doesn't
matter who's the president or who's in
power these are the people in power the
permanent state the war machine that's
what he means and listen he kill he goes
on no way to do that and so we have made
a proxy war in Syria it's killed 500,000
people displaced 10 million and I'll say
predictably so because I predicted it
seven years ago that there was no way to
do this and that it would make a
complete cast so what I would plead to
president Trump is get out like his
instinct told him he's that way that was
his instinct but then all the
establishment the New York Times The
Washington Post the Pentagon everybody
said no no that's irresponsible but his
instinct is right
get out we've done it this is
unbelievable he's saying everybody New
York Times Washington Post Adele he's
laying it down and you see the stunned
look at like oh my god this guy somebody
forgot to pay this guy somebody is this
guy not under contract does he not know
you just brought in someone off the
street that they're gonna tell you the
truth what are you doing look at them
all just stunned sitting there like this
is not how it's supposed to go here we
go
damage seven years and now we really
risk a confrontation with Russia that is
extraordinarily dangerous reckless
Admiral stavridis president from had and
reckless so there's a guy laying it down
Jeffrey Sachs from Columbia University
and that's stunning that's stunning
and they all right it's funny that they
all just don't go
two minutes we started this war it was
the CIA that went it wasn't a natural
uprising no you mean all the stuff that
everybody I mean we shouldn't be doing
this this is actually us committing UNAM
war crimes and this is us breaking
international laws yes we're breaking
the international law by going into
someone else's sovereign country and
bombing them that's what we're doing do
to anything well I agree with everything
you're saying and also if you look at
regime change and you can just leave it
like how it's just we put morals aside
it's wrong you know but morality aside
why would you even think it would work
right that's like let's say your
neighbor's house you walked over there
once cuz some of the mail was delivered
to you so you just dropped it off them
and you saw their living room and you
decided
oh you know you don't like it so the
next day when they're out you're gonna
break in and rearrange their living room
and decorate it the way you like do you
think that's gonna end well you know I
mean so it's like morality aside how his
regime change ever gonna work you
know it's just wrong on every level you
know it's never worked yeah we tried to
overthrow Syria in the 50s we did
overthrow Iran in the 50s and then we
installed a puppet called the Shah who
was a repressive right authoritarian and
the people rebelled against him and
that's how we have the Ayatollah yeah
you know how to talk oh I'm so you know
who talks about this is uh one of my
favorite movies is Starship Troopers
which a lot of people don't involve air
Hovind in it and a lot of people don't
realize it's it's actually valid
what yeah no no that's a different one
that's a galaxy question I think this is
a this is a hardcore action sci-fi movie
but it's really a satire on American
imperialism and the director's
commentary track is the writer and the
director they're talking about the Shah
there and they're talking about us and
Peugeot lism throughout the Middle East
and South America and it's uh it's great
it's uh it's like right up your alley
that's right with what we're talking
about check that out I've been doing
that for so long it's so now they throw
it now they
throw it to a guy who's who's been paid
to advocate for war and he's a colonel
and let's let's hear all the BS he has
so they go right from Jeffrey Sachs to
this guy dangerous reckless Admiral
stavridis president Trump has said he's
not a crimson Admiral John they go to an
admiral here we go back now several
months that we should get out of Syria
that was his advice to Barack Obama many
years ago get out of Syria what are the
consequences if you walk away right now
from Syria without responding to a
chemical attack from the regime there
which I like how he unscoped eclis just
repeats the government talking point
that there was a chemical attack by
Assad on his own people he knows that
they never did an investigation he knows
there's no conclusion he knows that the
last two gas attacks have been proven to
be false flags committed by the rebels
he knows that yet he doesn't say any of
that
why cuz he's paid not to say that and he
throws it to this guy like hey what if
we put so he's got to bring it back to
war so what but Willie's doing now I was
like wait a minute I hear what you're
saying but what's the bad is gonna
happen if we pull out of Syria
BAM cuz he's killing people at count
back so he's right back on script
Willie is right back on script do you
see that do you see yeah that's why he's
a pros like you don't even notice he
just dismissed
everything Jeffrey Sachs just said he
dismissed it all and said hey what are
the bad consequences of us pulling out
after he does a gas attack it gets
ignores everything he just said that's a
pro that's why that guy's off he's
wearing a pocket square as he advocates
for war that's why that's good when you
were in a pocket square come on yeah I
think I think there are two problems
with professor saxes comments although I
certainly feel that sense of Middle East
fatigue that we all have and of course
it's not just Syria it's Iraq it's
Afghanistan there it's Afghanistan and
Somalia Nazir right goodbye
hey and bye by the way I look Gannon
it's gonna be 18 years term middle-east
fatigue I mean so he's trying to say the
reason Jeffrey
is saying that stomach mean saying that
we started the war it's a disaster and
we better get out the wreath so what
he's trying to say is that this guy is
reacting emotionally he's fatigued he's
not really thinking it through that's
what he's saying here we go in a
whole series of things that have
generated the kind of feeling that says
you know let's just pull back let's get
out of the world let's come back to the
United States I think there are two
fundamental problems with that one is
the use of chemical weapons I think
really does - that's a double CK that's
what that is right there okay guys that
is this guy is soap not a chemical well
right now we're committing a genocide in
Saudi I with in Yemen with Saudi Arabia
we don't care about people if we cared
about people being poisoned by chemicals
we would be bombing Flynt
Michigan we don't care that's and you
see this guy's like just like what is he
saying is well here we go and a response
from the international community at a
level of military strike so I do support
a strike here and secondly and I think
professor Sachs is correct to say this
is a massive humanitarian disaster I
think the numbers are actually 600,000
dead and 14 million displaced so I'm in
complete agreement with him on the scale
of this but I would like to see the
United I would like to see some more
bombing and destruction
I understand 14 million people displaced
600,000 killed but they use gas so we
need to kill a lot more people so why is
so it's bad to kill people with gas but
it's ok to kill people with nice
Christian bombs who when they explode
they hug you to death I guess there's
something I don't underst so that's good
just stupid but Jeffrey's exactly what
do you think about what that guy said
well he's really anti chemicals which is
it's like just what you were saying it's
like so you're killing you know genocide
with one weapons ok but with another
weapon it's it's ok let's say we're
civilized here let's not do it I guess
we use phosphorus in Fallujah guess we
use phosphorus in Fallujah the United
States guess who uses depleted uranium
tip bombs which is a war crime
we do and even in Vietnam I think there
was stuff - yeah crazy States trying to
be part of this solution and here what I
would do
look back to the Balkans in the 1990s
which looked somewhat like Syria of
today and there was eventually an
international solution and it included
the US and Russia working together we
got a long way to go to get there
but if we just step away from it as
attractive as that feels to us I don't
think it's the right decision either for
the country or for the international
community so now that guy just so you're
clear on who this guy is he's an admiral
and he's a liar he is the worst kind of
person in the world because I know the
truth about Syria he was just and I'm a
nightclub jaggoff comedian who doesn't
know dick and I know better than him
that's how I know he knows and because
he just got told it by a duck professor
from Columbia University and so now he's
continuing not to know and I'm gonna
guarantee you he's being paid by a
defense contractor or somebody who's
making money off of this war that guy
right there scum of the earth liar
that's who that guy is
and he's an admiral and there isn't a
pit in hell low enough for guys like
that we've all had a lot of Middle East
fatigue that term is just how offensive
is that term to like to everybody to the
war victims there and even to our own
troops who've had deployment after
deployment after deployment and are who
are not allowed to say you know you know
US troops aren't allowed to criticize
people above them so they they have to
just go along but I I would bet a lot of
them know they know what's going on in a
horse they do yeah they know it better
than anyone yes they do so let's so now
Jeffrey Sachs is gonna respond to this
guy and here's what he says I don't
think it's attractive but I think we
have to understand how this happened
this happened because of us these
600,000 are not just incidental we
started a war to overthrow a regime it
was covert it was timber sycamore people
can look it up the CIA operation timber
sycamore look it up together with Saudi
Arabia still
shrouded in secrecy which is part of the
problem in our country a major war
effort shrouded in secrecy never debated
by Congress never explained to the
American people signed by President
Obama never explained and this created
chaos and so just throwing more missiles
in right now is not a response my own
occurs way to go it's by the way not to
walk away to go to the UN Security
Council as the Admiral says to agree
with Russia on a strategy for ending the
fight but ending the fight means that we
stop trying to overthrow a government
that we stop trying to support rebels
whose are committed to overthrowing the
government that is where this war
continues because we to this day back
rebels that are trying to overthrow a
government contrary to international law
contrary to the UN Charter contrary to
common sense contrary to practical path
we can't do it and it's just creating
ongoing crisis to the extent of facing
an imminent confrontation with Russia so
I think this isn't goes against common
sense goes against the UN Charter goes
against international law we're doing
all that someone should shut now they
have their justification to bomb us
except they don't have the might so if
there was another country stronger than
us with a bigger military they would
start bombing us and they would tell
there there's their citizens we're doing
this because the United States is
breaking international law which is why
we said we went into Kuwait which is why
we went into Iraq which is why we went
into Libya because we're we're enforcing
UN charters and we just showed you
Wilkinson said that's not why we went I
waited for war oil so is there anything
worse than this dude I mean is it an
amazing to see it happen it's almost
happening like every five years now what
Libya it was Iraq then Libya now Syria
Afghanistan
it's unbelievable you know these war
manufacturing companies you know like
Boeing Lockheed Martin you know they got
it would be interesting to know all the
connections they have with the
politicians cuz you know they make they
make so much money yeah and you know
they're making all these weapons
someone's got to be using them they got
to be selling or somebody
yeah I find it interesting how so many
people who are for regime change don't
believe in climate change either it's
like because we all want change but no
maybe no to regime change yeah not that
change so after we did Iraq the first
time we had guys like Robert Miller now
they'll tell you Robert Muller is his
integrity is impeccable and na blah blah
blah blah he's the head of a spy agency
anyway means ahead of that he was to
have the FBI come on they wasn't it was
the FBI do they try to get people like
civil rights leaders to commit suicide
they bug everybody if you're if you're
trying to help the people they smear you
as a communist they they so you get it
right that's what the FBI is and here's
Robert Muller guys mr. integrity here's
what he had to say during the Iraq war
secretary Powell presented evidence last
week that Baghdad has failed to disarm
its weapons of mass destruction now if
you know anything about Liars you know
this guy's got about 30 tells flying
right off him right now that he knows
he's lying he can't even make eye
contact with the person he's talking to
to tell him these lies he barely could
get out of his mouth
what's this watch here we go willfully
attempting to evade and deceive the
international community our particular
concern is that Saddam Hussein may
supply terrorists with biological
chemical or radiological material
hilarious how much it's obvious he's
lying and he knows it right well he has
that he says May so that's yeah that's
like his out closeout claim yeah what he
says that's what we're afraid of
we're afraid that Saddam may give
chemical weapons why cuz we gave him the
chemical weapons yeah he doesn't say
doesn't say that part yeah but we gave
Saddam the chemical weapon so maybe
somebody should invade us I by your
logic so that's who that is and let's
just remember nikki Haley is pushing for
war at Syria she says trust the USA and
there is Colin Powell saying trust the
USA Oh
cuter thanks for being here thanks for
having me here man keep keep doing your
thing man okay brother
yeah please make sure you subscribe even
if you think you are you're probably not
just takes a second to check and then
click the bell so they give you a
notification when we drop a video they
probably won't notify you because
they're trying to suppress independent
news but that's all we can do June 30th
we're in Portland Oregon if you can
become a page from and give you hours of
bonus material every week and we're on
steam it we're steaming it right now
plus on Saturdays we'd do our super chat
it's a solid chat Saturday you ask us
questions we'll talk back that's at 2
p.m. Pacific time on Saturdays thanks
for your support
[Music]
