so Elon Musk was on the Joe Rogan show
he was now I like Joe Rogan I've done
that show twice it's a blast
I can't believe the stuff Joe Rogan gets
away with like he's just created his own
niche in this universe and it's popular
and we're gonna have tulsi gabbard on
this show coming up pretty soon and she
got in touch with us because of the Joe
Rogan show she saw me on Joe show and
then reached out and said I'd like to
come on your show so that's the power of
that guys show it's very powerful and he
had Elon Musk on so you know Elon and
this happened oh is it a cigar yes no
okay it's marijuana tobacco okay so it's
like posh plot tobacco pot never had
that yeah I think I tried one once I
mean did you hear what he said yeah you
probably can't cuz the stock holders
right as he first of all I know a lot of
people in Joe like smoking pot with the
tobacco in it to me that is the grossest
grossest thing in the world and I know a
lot of people love it
but just to me personally gross when I
was in Australia they did that they
would hand out cuz you could still smoke
in the nightclubs when I was there so I
would just light up joints and it looked
like a cigarette cuz I would roll them
in one of those cigarette rolling
machines and I would just be smoking pot
inside and going who the hell don't like
where's that smell coming because
everybody was smoking so think anyway
that's gross because I quit smoking
cigarettes and then when if you smoke
tobacco it's like giving heroin to a
heroin addict like oh I want more so
that's a bad idea and by the way nothing
tastes better than just straight pot why
you got a I get it whatever so there
they are and he says well you can't do
it because of the stockholders legal
right okay how does that work then
people get upset at you if you do
certain things this is all hilarious
talk about foreshadowing hey do people
get upset with you if you do certain
things hail oops
backhoe and marijuana in there that's
all it is
he doesn't inhale he didn't even hate
you it does a combination of tobacco a
little bit inhale he did it Bill Clinton
yeah first turned on to it by Charlie
Murphy and then reignited by Dave
Chappelle okay Plus whiskey haha exactly
balances it out i alcohols a drug that's
put the grandfathered in well it's like
so so that happened how funny all that
stuff Joe Rogan says his stockholders
got that so here's a tweet from Andrew
yang what a great name he said Elon Musk
and Joe Rogan talked about many
important topics specifically how
artificial intelligence will reshape our
society and instead the headlines are
about him trying weed a harmless drug
that is legal in California and should
be completely legal in the USA yes that
is correct totally agree with you Andrew
yang Andrew yang fa VFA did you see that
see that which says Andrew yang be it
what does VF face tan very fine actor
ah there it is NPR says Tesla stock
takes a hit after Elon Musk does the
same they were so proud of that headline
yeah yeah
so there you go so his the stocks did
take it just as Joe predicted Joe Rogan
predicted that's amazing
that he said no he can't do that a lot
of people get mad here for doing certain
things
yeah yes it was like the most subtle of
peer pressure like it was like ah
stockholders you yeah you know what have
you beholden to what do you uh you you
somebody's that's right yeah he's
like really lucky you can't do it cuz
you got people and like a boat you got a
daddy looking over your shoulder Tesla
shares fell more than 6% on Friday after
top executives resigned and CEO Elon
Musk appeared to smoke pot in a video
are you out of your do you know twenty
freakin years ago no no thirty thirty
years ago the President of the United
States admitted to smoking pot
thirty freakin years ago the President
of the United States Bill Clinton
admitted to smoking pot 30 years ago
even who else has been to the smoking
pot Newt Newt Gingrich right then they
all didn't everybody expel you know me
take that back
but Brockton Barack Obama admit to
smoking pot oh yeah yeah Obama so all
right so that's none about Newt but I
know Obama did two out of the last four
presidents admitted to smoking pot is
this still people this is really that's
the thing that made people because Elon
must smoke pot on out of video at a
podcast that is the dumbest thing maybe
it's cuz he didn't inhale yeah maybe
people are like this guy I don't know
news of the resignation of Tesla chief
accounting officer Dave Martin came
Friday according to the Securities
filing Morton stated that the level of
public attention placed on the company
and the pace within the company caused
him to reconsider his future I don't
know what any of that crap well then
that doesn't really sound like that is
in response to somebody smoking pot that
just means hey you know what I'm this is
it that this is one more thing I don't
want to deal with the demands and the
public attention this company is getting
I'm done
I don't know what that means that he's
trying well it's weird timing then right
wouldn't yeah that is odd time that is
not timing those two things are
completely yeah look I was thinking
about quitting anyway and so this has
nothing to do with the pot smoke it has
everything to do with the pot smoking I
was thinking about quitting then dude
didn't even inhale yeah he added that he
believed in Tesla saying I have no
disagreements with Tesla's leadership or
its financial reporting so he's trying
to pretend it's not about that but it's
really odd timing David Morton had been
on the job for about a month he gave it
the good old college try you do it for a
month starting one day before musk
announced on Twitter that he was
considering taking the electric car
company private the tweet that tweet
made stocks or so stocks were soaring
right before this so when he said he was
gonna take it private
that makes stocks ooh I wonder why that
makes I don't I don't know enough about
finance to know why that would make that
stocks or do you run no me neither
at 420 dollars a share get the F out of
here that get the F on in come on 420
are you freaking killing 420 and 420
come on yes
maybe maybe someone in the marketing
department told him if he offers you a
joint hit it because guess what our
share is who knows hit it at 420 dollars
a share some people wondered whether the
number was meant to reference marijuana
culture I was not on weed to be clear he
told the New York Times weed is not
helpful for productivity there's a
reason for the word stone you just sit
there like a stone on weed okay that's
not true mister I don't even inhale when
I smoke pot it's great for creativity I
don't know about productivity but it's
great for creativity and look we know
you weren't stoned you know how we know
that because you said the words I was
not on weed nobody says that ever are
you on the weed rod you look like you're
on the wheel weed this morning who's on
the weed well wasn't somebody just
saying recently like if you say pot they
know you're older but if you say weed
you're a younger generation isn't like
that the whole I didn't area I don't
know I didn't hear any say pot so I
think we'd I say grass is that what I
was when I was a kid they would call
grass hey who's got some grass they
would call it grab no one calls it that
they would call it Greg I think I've
heard that but yeah I've definitely
never heard any how about saying it well
they still some no one I you know like
there's that reefer madness movie but no
one ever referred to pot as reefer I've
only ever heard people do that like
ironically like they're making fun of
themselves you know like and yeah self
definitely Lego where's the reefer like
that yeah
so whenever a car a cop car would go by
my next our neighbor our sometimes when
a car cop cop car would go by might
neighbor kai
Kyle KITT Lars would yell ditch the
reefer right like that like he was gonna
make the cops go crazy like once
someone's got Reaper ditch the reefer
how about that
Gabi tell Edano Tesla's head of human
resources also said she was leaving the
company on Friday she had been on leave
for a few months to be with her family
Tesla wrote in a blog post other
entrepreneurs have used marijuana
including the late Steve Jobs and Joyce
Ted and George Zimmer founder of Men's
Wearhouse Virgin Group founder Richard
Branson reportedly encourage parents to
smoke joints with their children you
know who else smoked Merritt hasn't you
use marijuana every musician you've ever
liked in your life how about that except
for apparently Ted Nugent I saw him on
Jill Roker and he said he doesn't smoke
the pot and he used all these ridiculous
reasons why and then I saw someone say I
smoked a joint with Ted backstage and
freakin 1988 or something like that and
I was like I did that he'd say I'm sure
Ted Nugent is smoked a lot of weight
maybe Ted didn't remember it because
he's not a frequent user yeah maybe
that's it so yeah so you know like Paul
McCartney like those guys smoke pot you
know like George Carlin Paul McCartney
Rodney Dangerfield like what is I mean
so now people how about all the Rolling
Stones who are by the way now nights
they've been knighted it made Bob Dylan
and the Beatles friends yes because that
that song like where's OHS I I have that
love I can't hide when Bob Dylan first
heard that song he thought they were
saying I get high and he's like they do
I got to hang out with these guys so
when the Beatles in Bob Dylan first hung
out he's like yeah I know in the song
you say you get high and videos were
like yeah of course we do because they
didn't want to look lame right yeah so
he's like here I got some and the truth
is none of the Beatles that ever tried
it before so they made Ringo try it
first so if you're like course yes
history and the next thing you know you
little yellow submarine yep
so this is ridiculous the 60s so that
was 50 70 for almost seven was that
seven years ago I'm bad with math that
50 years ago no how long ago
math how long ago was the 60s it was
like hey there's over 50 it was over
we're so stupid there's a little bit
more as in real time several media
outlets incorrectly reported that the US
Air Force was reviewing Musk's security
clearance after the video of him smoking
was published online because his company
SpaceX provides services to the
government reuters reported yeah I heard
that too so that but that's not true do
people want privacy must ask Rogan in
the video because they seem to put
everything on the internet practically
ironical it's super ironical I can't
believe this is a thing and I can't
believe that this is so again two out of
the last four presidents have admitted
to smoking pot Bob Dylan of Nobel Peace
Nobel Prize winner for poetry or
something he got he got it for that I
mean are you kidding you gotta be
kidding me weed that one of the most
innocuous drugs in the history of drugs
but if he had if he was sat there and he
had a glass of Everclear or if they both
did a shot of Everclear on there it
would be no one would get which is way
more destructive every Claire's like 200
proof it's like straight that stuff will
take the paint off of her even John
Boehner is okay with it at this point
yeah John's a man pay with weed for F
sake are you kidding me now this is
watch this and laugh because of all the
 they said oh is it a cigar yes no
okay
he looks uncomfortable ok so it's like
posh plot tobacco pawn never had that
yeah I think I tried one once come on
man I think I tried it once you're not
sure if you only did it once
you would super remember that you only
did it once right oh I think I did I
don't you you go remember if you were
ever high once in your life what know it
that's like saying I think I went over
Niagara Falls once I'm not sure right
what that's not something you're not
sure of I saw it do you still remember
your first time I totally still remember
my first time smoking pot yes smoke pot
yeah that's what I meant
yes I remember my first time
like I thought I was
leave my couch I was like this is the
most comfortable couch that's ever been
created ever and I think I'm gonna stay
here forever and good pop I'm in I'm in
sixth grade so I don't know what I'm
gonna do when it's time for school I was
also I think like in seventh grade first
time I did it I had the best goddamn
time I have ever had it was the funnest
I was camping with my family and we
would go to this place in Michigan
called Hollywood Shores
and we would go there for like a month
and a half at a time anyway in the
summer and some people had some weed and
I smell these guys who were camping
there had some weed I smoked it I never
laughed so hard in my life
that first time I smoked pot with those
guys I never laughed so hard and then I
didn't smoke pot I smoke about maybe
five times and then I didn't smoke pot
again and all through high school and I
didn't smoke it much in high school I
didn't get more into it until college I
didn't so and then in college I only did
it maybe five times in college no really
yeah and when I did it I got high I was
eating everything I was eight I was so
high one time and so I only got high
five times in college probably and five
times before that and they had we I had
this it was like a bread bowl you know
how sometimes they put like up spinach
dip in a bread bowl right so we had
eaten the spinach dip but the bread bowl
just kind of sat there in my college
dorm room it was like on a shelf or
something he was like for like a week
and I was just gonna ask how long had
that bread bowl been sitting so I got
high and that's the only thing I had to
eat was that bread bullet and there was
some French onion dip in my little
fridge and I was like it and I did
[Laughter]
I couldn't believe it
finely aged bread ball yeah boy I
couldn't be healthy but anyway how funny
is that
that's so let's watch it again let's
watch this again or is it a cigar no
okay it's marijuana
tobacco okay so it's like clock tobacco
pause you ever have that yeah I think I
tried one once
[Laughter]
probably can't because stockholders
right Joe is totally shimming it's legal
right totally legal
how does it work do people get upset at
you if you do certain things watch them
not inhale they didn't ale I bet he
wishes eat yeah it was wonderful first
turned on to it by Charlie Murphy and
then reignited by Dave Chappelle hey
plus whiskey haha exactly perfect
balances it out
alcohol is a drug that's pretty
grandfathered in it has been
grandfathered in alright so that was fun
to watch thanks for watching please make
sure you're subscribed even if you think
you are you're probably not it only
takes a second to check and then you
have to ring that Bell so they send you
a notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
