hi everybody welcome to the show I have
a special guest on right now he's a
great comedian but he's also a political
activist and he's a journalist and he's
been summoned by the House Intelligence
Committee to talk about Russia
involvement in our election and all
things Russia his name is Randy cretak
oh I have them on the phone right now
hi Randy how are you hey
very good Jim Jimmy thank you for having
me on the show how are you I'm doing
good now I just want people to know I
have your picture up I want everybody
know that you are the real deal you were
instrumental in getting the Rockefeller
drug laws rewritten
you've been essential in getting lots of
people out of prison over who are in
unlawful II imprisoned and lots of
people have hailed your work and they've
done a documentary on your work called
60 spins around the globe it it's your
your what everybody should aspire to be
and you've also done interviews with
Julian Assange recently because you're a
big speed free-speech activist and so
now you got a letter from Adam Schiff
who've we've lampooned here on the show
from the US House of Representatives the
House Intelligence Committee and tell me
what's going on well I got a I think
about two and a half three weeks away it
pretty much kept this buried a letter
from them asking me to appear before
them to voluntarily go before them and
talk about Russia gate it's a huge
letter that they sent me Atticus tempted
to you yes I'm by Adam chef and so I'm
over Dover for about two weeks and then
I sent them a letter saying no I will
not voluntarily testify or be
interviewed by that Intel committee on
Russia gate basically and so I got a
phone call from my lawyer that today
saying well they are going to send you a
subpoena so that should be come in it's
either there today or tomorrow through
my lawyer trying to compel me to testify
you know about my association with
Julian Assange you know people that are
you know I did like you I've really
focused on
this on free speech and WikiLeaks and
and this bogus
Russia gate operation that's going on
and some of the creepy characters that
are involved including at you know Adam
ship we got to be honest I mean this guy
60% of his his donors are in the arms
business you know so it's it's a little
troubling I'm a little nervous am I
going to go down there I'm probably
gonna go down there but I'm certainly
not I have nothing to say to them so
what do you think this is really about
then what what do you think they're
trying to intimidate you or or what is
this about I think it's going out there
WikiLeaks first of all they called them
as you have mentioned many times a
hostile intelligence entity right Pompeo
has called them at and it's now language
that is encoded in our last budget bill
I believe so I'm over there I was there
twice in the last two weeks I had the
lunch with him we talked about the Jimmy
Dore show you loves - Jimmy Dore show
you got to get them on your show Jimmy
so so they don't what they don't want
they don't want him to put stuff out
there as you have pointed out time and
time again this man has never been
contradicted or impaired any of his
releases are a hundred percent accurate
he's an accurate journalist and they're
trying to treat him like a hostile
intelligence operation now you got the
daily beast and you got the these other
online operations you got the Washington
Post smoking gun they put out material
by gusoff er - why aren't they being
classified as hostile intelligence
operations they don't want this guy to
be getting stuff out there he's a
powerful journalist they don't want that
material to be out there in the public
they don't want us to be knowledgeable
and they're trying to intimidate people
like me and I know you've been
intimidated yourself there are people
saying bad things about you in Congress
I recently I believe and and so they
don't want him to get stuff out they
don't want people like me talking with
him I've been there like I said I visit
them three times since September and not
only me now a couple of his lawyers are
going
to their Ranger - with Diane Feinstein
on the Senate Intel committee side
oh no kidding you know I can't mention
their names but I can tell you a couple
of lawyers have received similar letters
to appear before the Senate Intel
committee that worked with Julian
Assange so this is basically again the
the establishment along with the
intelligence community of the United
States wanting to shut down a
truth-teller
this is this is this is the oldest story
in the world by the way and so Dave Dave
used propaganda to turn Julian Assange
who was a publisher of information now
none of it ever been false like you
stated and he that's what he does right
and he exposes the crimes of the
powerful so he's made lots of powerful
enemies and now they've hoodwinked half
the country into thinking somehow he's
an enemy of you liberty and democracy in
the United States when it's the exact
opposite right he's actually upholding
those principles and the people who
uphold those principles actually evenly
we pillory in this society angry and by
the way Hillary Clinton called for his
assassination and I try to remind people
can you imagine if Donald Trump called
for the assassination of Jeff Zucker at
CNN or or or Phil Griffin over at MSNBC
could you imagine if he did that but
Hillary Clinton did it and it hardly got
a bleep in the media so you're talking
about Julian Assange and they're trying
to intimidate went over and visited him
you've interviewed him and so you think
this is an attempt to discourage people
from doing that well I don't think they
want him to get out do they want they
want to contain him they don't want his
stories LP East just went after him
which is the establishment New York
Times our Washington Post of Spain
because he did incredible reportage on
the situation in Catalan the
independence vote he was the only one
and that's where I got the information I
certainly wasn't getting it anywhere
else I got the information from his
postings on Twitter right an incredible
postings and now they're going after him
you know what I would
there there was a picture in LPS of two
people visiting the embassy the 2p from
Catalan that had been there five or six
days earlier and they put put it in like
it was two paparazi that took two
pictures
when in fact it was a government spy
camera in a window which was
geometrically geometrically proven to me
that it was the same both pictures came
from the same angle just like a
different shot and you know it's scary
stuff like you go in there you go into
the embassy you have to go through a lot
of security to get inside and he said
he's been there for five years and a
half all right almost six years coming
in June and I got to tell you something
this man still pumps out great material
he still has a commitment he still has
the energy and you know thank God there
are people like you out there that are
defusing some of the BS so people can
see what you say to analyze it correctly
you're the only one that's analyzing it
correctly
well I and I really have to I really got
to give you a high five for that because
you have and I consider you a great
comic and a journalist at the same time
you have restored some sanity to comedy
ha ha well thank you for any that's a
high compliment I really appreciate it I
wanted to ask you about the letter they
sent you because I read it and in it it
says the the letter also requests
preservation and production of all
documents records electronically stored
information recordings data and tangible
things including but not limited to
graphs charts photographs images and
other documents regardless of form other
than those widely available eg newspaper
articles related to the committee's
investigation your interview and any
ancillary matters so they want to be
have access to everything that you have
in your completely in your life it seems
like as a journalist so what do they
want to have they subpoenaed your notes
or anything you know I'm gonna give them
a copy of war kite wingers documentary
sixty spins around the Sun and say those
are the only documents that I have let
them watch that all right
because I I mean no I have my I have not
seen the subpoena
they threatened them they threatened to
send it and it just hasn't come I don't
even know I mean look technologically
what am i I mean I'm like alley oop is
is more into technology than me I have
no idea what I'm doing I can talk on the
cell phone I don't even have to use
Skype okay ha so otherwise we would be
doing Skype right now I don't know how
to use it okay I hear yeah I understand
I got you it's very easy you can
actually even do it off your phone but
does it doesn't matter so so Randi so
what are you gonna say to them when they
bring you up to the to the committee
what what are you gonna tell them what
you guys talked about when you met well
I mean you you you freely tell people
what you guys talked about anyway right
right
well I've had them on the show I think
four times on my radio show four times
and I will let them have those files are
in the Pacifica archives but anything
that I said behind closed doors with him
or anybody else on my radio show I have
nothing to say to them and you know what
they could get it anyway because they
just go to one of these meta data
centers and Fort Meade or Utah and
everything stored I mean why do they say
should i because they've already
preserved it they've got it preserved
everything that talked to William Binney
our our Thomas Drake all of these
conversations are already preserved so
it would be redundant for me to try to
preserve stuff that they've already kept
on file well so what do you think just
so moving on and so you promised to come
talk to us after you go to that the
hearing correct i I don't want you to
know that I'm gonna quote Dalton Trumbo
what he said in 1947 or 48 I'm going to
use his words which I have nothing this
I'm not going to I'm not going to
dignify or legitimize this witch hunt it
is a witch hunt they want a cold war you
know they got this is the same thing
that happened remember and in in the 50s
or one of the cold war with Russia and
they did it without that entire Red
Scare witch hunt so they brought that
back to light they want to have a cook
they don't want a nuclear war they just
want to have a cold war we have all of
these weapons you know we have a seven
hundred billion dollar defense
budget you gotta spend it somewhere
we've got China surrounded like a noose
400 bases Russia we got a hundred bases
around them
Syria I think you put up a map the other
day Iran we got faces everywhere how
many faces this Russia I have over here
right right exactly zero I haven't seen
one well people don't realize Randi that
this is a completely Russia is a paper
tiger in a sense that it's completely
propped up to be more powerful and
scarier than it is because the
military-industrial complex and the deep
state they need an enemy right so now
that people are figuring out where the
ones creating terrorists they're
starting to have to figure out ways to
keep this military budget going and I
really believe that's gonna behind a lot
of this ramping up I mean Dennis
Kucinich was on my show and he talked
about how the deep state had undermined
Barack Obama's deal with Russia to share
information about what was happening in
Syria and they didn't want that to
happen they wanted us to keep fighting
in Syria right they didn't want
cooperation they want exactly what
you're saying they want the Cold War to
keep going on and so that's why this
right that and in in how sickening is it
to you Randy to see the lefty media or
quote-unquote lefty media is the one now
pushing the new Red Scare how I mean
Russia
distel finish my point before Russia
only spends 65 billion dollars a year on
their military we spend now 700 billion
dollars a year on our military and we
don't only in a book that's on the books
700 billion on the books I don't know
what the author books you know cash flow
is into there right 10 percent 10
percent go absolutely interrupt you so
no so I would just say how if I I'm
people always say to me Jimmy you're
getting this thing wrong about Russia
and I say whenever there is evidence to
show I will report it until then I'm not
gonna report rumor okay because that's
all this is and propaganda until there's
evidence which you and I both know there
never will be because the DNC and John
Podesta did not let the FBI or the
Department of Homeland Security to
invest a
their servers and why and now we're
supposed to believe the DNC and John
Podesta who have been proven liars they
lied for a year straight about whether
they funded the dossier they lied
constantly about whether they hijack the
DNC and whether the primary was rigged
so they're the biggest liars and
cheaters in the world and somehow were
supposed to believe them on this when I
hear them talking about how they
interfered with our democracy you take a
look at these 15 people in a committee
our democracy right now we're spending
$700,000 and hungry trying to interfere
with their elections but that's okay
right and they got like one-tenth our
population seven of them and Russia's
supposedly spent $100,000 on Facebook I
didn't see one of their ads as if that
would have any influence as far as this
entire operation that's going on with
Russia gate you take a look at you are
right there was interference in our
democracy and it was done by the
Democratic National Committee when they
screwed Bernie Sanders that is the and
that's where the focus should be they
should have an Intel committee
investigating everyone involved
including John Podesta
and undermining our democracy which was
the Democratic primary system yes
there's a lot of people who influenced
how about the people in New York City
who worked for the government who threw
200,000 voters off the rolls and they
did it they did it illegally now and
guess what none of those people are
going to jail isn't that funny
is it that weird so we actually have to
oh yes we have dr. pepper we have
documented election hacking there it is
no one goes to jail and it barely gets
reported isn't that amazing
so so again that's what makes me believe
this is all propaganda and I have to
remind people Randy that the reason why
half the country is poor or low-income
and 63% of Americans can't afford $1,000
emergency has nothing to do with Russia
the reason why people go bankrupt when
they get sick has nothing to do with
Russia the reason why we are in spending
700 billion dollars a year has nothing
to do with Ron the military has nothing
to do with Russia and the reason why you
are in a mountain of debt when you want
to go to college
and we don't have any gun legislation
none of that stuff has anything to do
with Russia and that's what they don't
want us talking about they want us
talking about Russia but guess what I
travel as a comedian and I know people
like you know comedians people in
America don't give a about Russia
and they see through so I try to tell
people if you really oppose Trump you
wouldn't be talking about Russia you'd
be talking about his horrible tax plan
or his health care plan or what he's
doing or the deportations the
deportations of Haitians the
deportations of Salvadorans deportations
of other people there's a lot that the
tax plan that's coming up that you just
mentioned there's a lot of reasons to
not like Trump until oppose Trump but
this isn't the one this is this is a
false lead and and and people don't care
you know I don't know anyway up two and
a half million people in prison in this
country why are they talking about that
why is it Adam Schiff talking about 2.5
million of his fellow Americans nearly
1% of the population that are rotting
behind a prison system that has no
oversight
you know Dostoevsky said you can judge a
society by the conditions of the prisons
ours are in horrible shape in the
criminal justice system they talked
about reforming it forget about it so
what's going on the new amp you know
amping up the drug war with this clown
this racist
Jeff Sessions that's what we should be
focusing on not Russia gate yeah I I
couldn't agree with you more
it's how shocked are you to see other
comedians your peers fall hook line and
sinker and I'm not talking just a bike
Stephen Colbert and the guy in Trevor
Noah and and pushing this stupid
Russia thing but uh how surprised are
you by just regular Club comedians who
are pushing it all so I okay I cannot
believe it because I I can't go on
Facebook anymore it's good reason not to
go on Facebook because you're it's a
dossier that you're supplying them with
a full dossier but I just I get too
upset when I when I see all these
comments and I'm friends with falling
for this right and people that you and I
know a lot of people out there in Los
Angeles I don't mention any things but
every single one of them seem to be
falling for this Russia gay
garbage they're all buying it hook line
and sinker thank God that you're there
as I said you have respect just like
John Peel just said that Julian Assange
has restored decency to journalism you
have restored decency the political
comedy and you're like the only one the
most trusted name in comedy is Jimmy
Dore right now well-read yeah that's a
high compliment coming from you you
actually you know I I have a look you
would Barry Crimmins don't think Barry
Crimmins is talking and some others that
are out there that don't buy it you know
I think Katie Halper is not buying it
and some others but yes vast majority of
people I know who are comedians and you
know thing is you've been doing this for
a long time you've been doing comedy for
a long time all right you're a wise guy
and you're younger than I am but you're
wise individual and so you paid your
dues on political humor these people
were doing McDonald's humor two or three
years ago in relationship material two
or three years ago they're
johnny-come-lately as to them they don't
understand it I'm so sorry form they
don't have any background in political
humor because they didn't get into it
thank you very much for saying that yes
I you know just people who started
paying attention because of Trump it's
like okay you you're missing the whole
backstory you're missing the whole you
can't just you have to nip it in the bud
now you're just going after the flower
Trump is what happens you have to go
after the roots problem and that's what
people don't understand and that's why
people think people like you and me are
just kind of like cranky agitators but
what we really are people who can tell
you how we got here
