hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special interview with
the Green Party candidate for governor
in Ohio we recorded this about a week
and a half ago so keep that in mind as
you watch it and she has some great
ideas hi everybody welcome to the jimmy
dore show we have a special guest with
us Constance Goodell Newton she is an
attorney and activist she's the co-chair
of the Ohio Green Party and she's
currently running for governor over hire
of Ohio I said Oh hire who says Ohio no
one as an attorney she protects the
rights of parents and children and abuse
neglect dependency cases including the
fundamental right to parent afforded to
the people by the Fourteenth Amendment
of the United States Constitution she
also protects the US and Ohio
Constitution or adult and juvenile
misdemeanor and felony cases she works
as guarding an attorney for teenage
victims of human trafficking in the
juvenile system please welcome the show
Constance Goodell Newton hi Constance
thanks for being here Thank You Jamie
it's great to be here now you're running
as a Green Party which I don't I don't
know if you know but that's not really
allowed in the United States I heard yes
so so what happens is that you run for
office and another party and then evil
happens because of that do you know
don't you know that they give if the
grid fault if the Green Party wouldn't
run everything would be okay did you
know that all the problems in the
country are caused by the Green Party
running did you know that I heard that
we're responsible for a lot of evil
thank you so I really can't even look
you in the eye during this hottest yeah
I mean what why do you think you get to
participate in democracy good question
thank you thank you Jimmy again for
having me on your show I I do want to
just say that the Green Party serves an
essential function in our democracy by
offering voters a choice and a voice in
our democracy right now we have a very
polarized two-party system that's
corrupt we have gerrymandered districts
and the party of
stablishment choosing who the candidates
are going to be instead of the people we
saw that in the Bernie Sanders election
and I see that all the time in local
judges races where the parties are
getting together in deciding who's going
to run an uncontested race in because of
gerrymandering we have a system where
our elected officials aren't even
accountable to the people who are
electing them so I do just want to put
it out there that the Green Party serves
an essential function in our democracy
we are able to request recounts when
there's been some type of election fraud
or when we suspect that there's been
fraud and having additional parties in
our democracy does serve that function
the safeguard of democracy and also just
getting our our platform out there we
absolutely have a right to talk about
the things that the Republicans and
Democrats aren't talking about like
universal health care like banning
fracking like ending the prison
industrial complex in Ohio and in the
United States yeah well I mean sure most
people are for all those things but your
if the Democrats and Republicans don't
bring them up we're not allowed to talk
about I mean I don't you don't you're
just not getting this so you I get like
you think you have I do have ideas and
stuff and you think you get to present
them during an election I just don't
know how you were raised
anyway so so what would you say so what
would you say is the biggest deficiency
what is not being talked about or by the
way they had the they had the the
primary last night right in Ohio how did
that turn out well we we had a special
election in Ohio so Joe manchak was our
Green Party candidate in the 12th
district and we saw that it was a very
split race between the Republican and
Democrat and it was a very close race
and we are
really proud of Joe and the effort that
he's put forth he has faced a lot of
media suppression he has been in one
televised candidates forum at least one
and he's really put in a huge effort
getting the word out there about his
candidacy despite a media blackout and
has really worked hard for those votes
okay
and so the Democrat did lose in that
right at this point I believe it's too
close to call he has come at this point
slightly under the Republican vote so
it's a very close race with the
outstanding absentee ballots it's
possible that he could that he could
catch up that he's within the margin of
error to request a recount and as
somebody who's been involved with a
party where our candidates have
requested recounts in order to protect
our democracy we hope that if he wants a
recount that that he will actually
follow through and have the courage to
request a recount in his race so let me
ask you what what it would be the
biggest or what are some of the things
that wouldn't be talked about in the
race that you're talking about in this
race if you weren't in it what what are
some of the things that wouldn't be
brought up there there are a lot of
issues that neither party will touch I
know that for instance I'm the only
candidate in this race who is against
fracking and I'm calling for a complete
moratorium on fracking and injection
wells in Ohio and this has come up
because activists around Ohio are
working hard to protect landowners from
fracking companies and to protect our
water also in criminal justice issues I
definitely think that the Green Party is
leading and is cutting edge when it
comes to decriminalization not just of
drugs but of non-violent gun possession
I'd like to see a diversion program for
nonviolent gun possession offenders a
lot of criminal justice issues are
being talked about and of course
universal health care or single-payer
care that I believe could be the
solution to our state's opiate crisis I
think that we really need to provide
treatment we need to have expansive
mental health and addiction services and
that should be part of a universal
health care system health care is a
human right and as someone who has a
pre-existing condition I have type 1
diabetes I'm very healthy but I have a
personal stake in this and I would just
say that I'm representing a lot of
Ohioans everyday people and one of the
biggest differences that really allows
Green Party candidates to have an
independent voice is the fact that we
don't accept corporate donations so
we're not beholden to those corporate
interests we're not beholden to the gun
lobby or the pharmaceutical Lobby the
private prison industry or the charter
school industry we really are just
trying to represent the people's voice
in this election well you know you sound
exactly like the kind of person I would
like to vote for you you know you have a
clear vision you're not bought by anyone
you have you have ideas that actually
respond to the needs of your
constituents so I just don't get why you
don't run as a Democrat right I don't
get it it doesn't make sense I don't
understand just because they would
probably fight against you in your own
primary and then cheat you so you
couldn't be that but other than that I
mean what's the problem right yeah and
of course I do hear that I hear that a
lot and I would just say that as a green
I'm trying to do something new we have
experienced a lot of growth since 2016
so we saw a lot of people leaving the
corrupt Democratic Party after the
Bernie Sanders debacle so you know we've
seen a lot of growth and we've seen
growth all over Ohio and when I go to
places like Canton Ohio which is
relatively conservative when I talk to
people just out in the neighborhoods
they're really excited that something
like the Green Party exists I think that
our biggest challenge is getting the
word out getting that name
ignition so that people start to make
the connection and understand what we're
about and understand that we really
represent the people yeah you know again
just because you actually represent the
the views and the wills and and have the
people who who you want to vote for you
I still don't think that gives you the
right to run but anyway here's what
because here's something I I don't know
if you I'll read this to you I don't
know if you can see it from where our
camera is I'll read it to you I'll put
it up on the screen it's it's going
around on Twitter today it's a meme and
it says dear liberals and independence
in 2020 there will be a candidate
competing against Donald Trump for
president it is very likely this
candidate won isn't your first choice -
isn't a hundred percent ideologically
pure three has made mistakes in their
life for might not really excite you at
all that much five has ideas you are
uncomfortable with please start the
process of getting over that stuff now
instead of waiting until 2020 now that
now I know you know what I'm not the
smartest person Constance but I'm pretty
sure that's not how politics works
politics isn't like here's the stuff
that you don't like now vote for that
person isn't it exactly the opposite
isn't it supposed to be that if the
candidate doesn't have those votes and
they need them they're supposed to go
get those votes isn't I thought that's
how politics works I'm not sure what do
you think write their message certainly
isn't very convincing right there
they're basically saying take it you
know chew it up and swallow it you don't
have to like it
well yeah what kind of voter outreach
that's like the Ida no I'm sorry go
ahead looking for a candidate and a
platform that is really going to turn
people on they're saying that we should
settle because our alternatives are so
horrible
could you imagine a less inspiring
message that's why you lost the last
time because yeah because is that is
that why we should vote Democrat I mean
is that the best they can give us yeah I
mean that you know you would go half the
country doesn't vote hey
we're gonna give you someone you don't
like now what's your problem that would
be the problem you have to so that the
way electoral Pollock's politics works
is if you don't have enough votes to win
you have to figure out a message and go
get some people to vote for you and if
you can't excite enough people to vote
for you that guess what happens you lose
because someone else excited enough
voters that's how politics works this
isn't how I don't know who thinks that
that's what works like you're supposed
to voter outreach is about getting
people interested and excited about your
candidate right and so it's really easy
to get excited about your candidacy
about the ideas in your platform because
everyone's for that right and so you're
I mean I'm talking about everybody who's
not to the right of Hill Attila the Hun
uh you know I'd ask so now so do you do
you catch that kind of pushback in Ohio
about Oh about you know another
mentality that I see that I really don't
like is just acting as if the election
is a horse race where they're trying to
pick the winner and everybody wants to
be on the winning team and then also one
issue that we've had with the media of
course is and even Wikipedia Wikipedia
has said well you're not really famous
enough you're not a person of notoriety
so we're not going to allow you to have
your Wikipedia page up and so that's
been a huge problem for us
I had you know we worked really hard on
a truthful accurate Wikipedia page that
where everything was factual and it's
been taken down over and over again by
other editors of Wikipedia and they've
even taken my photograph down next to
the other candidates and really tried to
take us down a notch so when people
complain you know that we're running at
all basically you also have to look at
what we're up against and this is very
significant as far as the propaganda
that is taking place in our election
system the suppression of these
alternative voices voices that are
speaking up about important issues that
affect Americans that apparently our
corporate overlords or somebody it
doesn't want us to hear and so we've
we've faced a lot of those difficulties
and are really trying to engage in a
professional way with the media in my
election and so the Democrat in this
race they beat Dennis Kucinich and were
you surprised at how what the who cares
about that but let me ask you this so I
mean I was surprised that Dennis
Kucinich didn't it wasn't a closer race
were you surprised at that based on what
I observed I wasn't too surprised and
you know we we do so often see the trend
of Democrats going further and further
to the right and that really seems to be
a trend that they think in order for us
you know in order for them Democrats to
be successful that they have to be
centrist and it's really unfortunate
because I don't believe that that's what
really represents the people we already
have the Republican Party to represent
centrist views and right views there's
no reason for Democrats who are supposed
to be on the left to keep creeping
further and further to the right but
that is what we see and that's another
reason that I'm running frankly is just
because of that conservative creep yes
yeah not conservative mean the
conservative creep of the Democratic
Party that's what you yes yes yeah okay
well listen well good luck to you and I
appreciate you making time for our show
Constance Goodell Newton what is your
website thank you
yes it's Constance good ole Newton I'm
running for governor of Ohio as a green
and our website is Constance for Ohio
org and we really appreciate you know
traffic to the website any any donations
will help us fight the two-party system
and to fight for our progressive values
that we're trying to get out so we're
not taking corporate donations we're
just
trying to represent the people so we
really are you know building our
campaign off of small donations from
humans who we seek to represent in this
election since Constance for Ojai org
okay alright Constance Goodell Newton
thank you very much and best of luck to
you in the Green Party thank you so much
Jimmy thanks for watching please make
sure you're subscribed even if you think
you are you're probably not it only
takes a second to check and then you
have to ring that Bell so they send you
a notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
