hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i have a special guest who made
this movie called the best month best
democracy money can buy and it's got a
re-release an updated version is out
this week it's greg palace is here hi
Greg hey how you doing Jimmy it's great
to have you let me read some of the
great stuff feel it's just so everybody
knows what Greg Palace is all about all
right it's an investigative reporter
who's breaking stories appear on BBC
television The Guardian and now Rolling
Stone magazine and I've used a lot of
your reporting in my show by the way
without even knowing it was you who did
the reporting you did all the great work
you owe me big I do he did all the great
work on the 2000 election in Florida and
about how all those people got thrown
off the rolls voting rolls and it was
illegal and how nobody stood up for
those people there wasn't one senator
who would sign the complaint anyway you
did great work on that you're back with
this movie which is fantastic and so
tell me about this movie and the best
democracy money can buy but Trump stole
the election is by throwing people off
the voting rolls through cross-check now
that's what I've been hearing what have
you been hearing yeah I'm the guy so
basically the film the best democracy
money can buy is about my investigations
it's live investigation me on the trail
for Rolling Stone uncovering the
original version of the film was here's
how hunks gonna steal it no one bought
that everyone bought you know bought
their party dress for Hillary's
inaugural but then he stole it and so
now this is the update and the subtitle
is called the case of the stolen
election I was gonna call it this time
pay attention not like so it was like
yes I was the guy in fact we I do go
back in the film through a cartoon
version the guy did Who Framed Roger
Rabbit drew the cartoon of Saturday
morning cartoon about how Jeb Bush and
Katherine Harris removed tens of
thousands of black men from the voter
rolls of Florida saying they were felons
threw them off that's how little Georgie
W became president now how to Trump do
it he used like you said he used the
system that I uncovered called
cross-check what's that Trump says that
millions of people voted many times you
knows and people make fun of that
but I'm the only journalist that said
okay three million people voted twice
give me the list it turns out they
actually have a list of 3.6 million
voters 7.2 million names they wouldn't
give me the list so see the Hat I'm an
investigative reporter and I got the
list and the lists are names like Maria
Hernandez votes in Georgia and then
Maria Hernan and the Maria Hernandez
votes in Virginia and they say well
obviously Maria Hernandez is voting
twice as opposed to saying that's kind
of a common name except it's not common
for Republicans so in fact in that case
this is a real case Maria Ynez Hernandez
is supposed to be the same voters Maria
Isabel Hernandez and two million of the
names have missed matched middle names
juniors juniors and seniors and match
etc but they use this this is no joke
they use this to remove about 1.1
million people from the voter rolls that
was Michigan and the other stuff I go
through how many voters were removed
from the from the rolls in Michigan in
Michigan it was about sixty thousand now
Trump supposedly won Michigan mm-hmm by
ten thousand seven hundred votes in not
counting 60,000 removed and by the way I
also go through because in the update of
the film the the of the best democracy
money can buy the it's called the case
of the missing election I go to Michigan
and find out that seventy five thousand
three hundred fifty-five ballots were
disqualified never counted because the
machines broke down 87 machine stopped
counting the paper ballots in there
scanned in Detroit which is not exactly
Trump Ville is it so yeah so we know
whose votes those were so quick why
wouldn't the most powerful political
machine the history of the earth has
ever known let that happen
why wouldn't they challenge that why do
you have this information
they must have this information and yet
they didn't do want do any well Bob I
gotta tell you I'm marching through the
snow finding the voters whose machines
were bust and they said I couldn't put
my you know the ballot machine
I saw the phys
ballots that weren't counted that our
mark Hillary because they go through
scanners right so Jill Stein of the
Green Party right raise money to have
those those ballots counted by an
amazing machine called the human eyeball
okay
and they started counting them Hillary
was gonna win Michigan Trump went to
court you'll see in my film Trump goes
to court with his lawyers and says Jill
Stein can't challenge the vote you can
count them all abouts you want she ain't
gonna win so the judge said yeah okay
she can't challenge the vote so what
about the secretary Hillary Clinton what
does she want to do her lawyers were in
the courtroom in the courtroom in
Lansing Michigan and they said we're
just here to observe about that so it
was kind of her campaign theme song
wasn't it yes so why again what what is
your theory on why the Clinton machine
again just like Al Gore the same thing
well we know these elections through
your reporting yeah I know that the 2000
election in Florida was rigged right
because of exactly this thing I did that
there's a BBC that's right yes and this
also by the way your reporting was
featured in Michael Moore's document
about documentary that's right
Fahrenheit 9/11 yeah and why do you
think it is that the Democrats don't
push back more why did he only read
Clinton let this happen
why didn't she why didn't they do
anything I don't get this this is like
well I did think that Al Gore should
have screamed and hollered a little more
he did go to the United States Supreme
Court Hillary has said no US candidate
has ever challenged the vote forgetting
that Al Gore actually said I was robbed
in Florida he did not he was given my
information and he was talked out of
using it because one of his insiders
said oh Greg Palast we hate that son of
a but that's that's guess place to
go after all I would go after both
parties I went after Clinton and and
known as in Britain Tony Blair but
that's not besides the point he did
challenge by the way John Kerry in 2004
they used another trick called voter
caging where they sent letters to
soldiers if they weren't home the
letters would be returned and their vote
would be challenged because they were in
Fallujah where they're still allowed to
vote right so it was stolen from Kerry
in Ohio and I have to say while Kerry
grabbed his ankles pretty quick and I
was with John Edwards at the time and he
was livid
that they didn't challenge the vote in
Ohio but later Kerry said he's asked if
he read my book and what you know why'd
you give up he says well yeah now
they've read pallas book yeah he was
right
I want Ohio so in the presidency so I
again it's just why don't they check for
white but still no you know ID no theory
why right now Hillary Clinton wouldn't
push back and try to get those votes
counted and to give if it would mean the
presidency for her and we would stop
this existential threat to democracy in
the world and why wouldn't they do that
again and why would she had a piggyback
on Jill Stein I think two things and she
didn't even jump on Jill's back because
Jill paid for the recount she just all
she had to say let it go ahead so the
thing is is that well remember with Bush
v Gore in the Supreme Court the Supreme
Court made a political decision they
picked our president officially little
Bush won by 537 votes in Florida but he
really wanted by one vote on the Supreme
Court the Supreme Court is just as bad
today
so if Hillary would have challenged it
would have gone to the court and that
would have been that and I think but but
nevertheless you have to challenge
because it's not really her votes right
it's the votes of the black people in
Detroit who got the shaft it's the votes
of the black people in Florida who got
the shaft it's the votes of the black
people in Hispanic people the
asian-americans who got cross checked
out of Ohio I saw this in Wisconsin I
saw it in Pennsylvania I was in these
places and you know what maybe if they
stood up once it wouldn't happen again
or people would start taking you know
getting angry again
we're losing the Voting Rights Act
that's in the film but you know so you
follow me on this trail you know in the
film and in fact part of the the you
know in the trail by the way while it's
a documentary it has like rosario Dawson
and ice-t and when I get confused on the
campaign
ice-t and Richard Belzer from CSI pop
out of the TV screen and help me on the
on the case that really happened the
bells are anything from a law-and-order
yeah Lord or excuse me right lawn or ah
Richard I apologize O'Connell you know
but anyway yet so Richard Belzer iced
tea
jump out and help and then I do
encounter one of these double voters or
was you know Maria Hernandez she
confessed to voting two states but it
turned out to be just rosario Dawson
putting me on but the thing is is that
this keeps happening so I figure okay
since hard core investigative reporting
for BBC and the Guardian and The Rolling
Stone didn't wake anyone up so I figured
try humor you know so here I am say
something funny Jim so haha so I still
you think it's because they the Hillary
Clinton thought she would lose at the
Supreme Court no I think that she
thought that she would lose the cash in
other words Al Gore became a billionaire
after he lost and he was told by by from
my information I won't mention in one of
the wise old heads of the party you
challenge the America you keep going
after the Supreme Court or you start
using Palace stuff where you really say
this really was stolen not just
procedural you're toast you won't get
any corporate board jobs you won't get
any of the nice things that that that
you know you'll just be because he
actually looked you know we had a
candidate that elections also stolen
that I covered in Mexico a guy known as
amo and he he challenged and he was
destroyed you know you can't you know as
Hillary Hillary Clinton is going along
just like the good Stalinist who went to
their executions the ones Stalin execute
people they would sing his praises on
their way to their execution cuz they
were part of the system that created
them that created Stalin and Hillary
Clinton is gonna say forever the
American electoral system is the envy
that's a quote envy of the world because
she's only been to Kazakhstan haha it's
not the envy of the world it doesn't
pass muster anywhere anywhere in fact
the people say why didn't Jimmy Carter
you know monitor the election cuz yes is
your writing group and he said because
you have to have a minimum democratic
standard for us to to send out our
observers and the United States does not
qualify as having democratic elections
there you go so like I swear to God like
so nothing's ever gonna happen and this
will just keep happening I mean people
are yelling at me for voting for Jill
Stein that's why we got droughts Donald
Trump but I knew it was you
I was wondering how this all happened
it's me how did this it was Jimmy Dore
I'm very hot I should have known I'm
very powerful and I've warned warn
people that they better start being
nicer to me or I will throw the next
election it's like I got no problem
doing it you know the thing is yeah
where are the the Democrats where where
are the people for democracy's so you
know a look the the Voting Rights Act
and I show this in my film was one in
1965 because when Lyndon Johnson told
Martin Luther King look we'll try to get
you a few changed the rules a bit but
you ain't getting the Voting Rights Act
and he went across the bridge at Selma
35,000 people there people beaten nearly
to death I have some of them in the film
and they forced the issue and now we're
losing those rights again the Voting
Rights Act is being destroyed
so it's a matter of us having another
movement for voting rights for back
fifty years so there's nothing new Under
Sun we got to do it again
that's all Wow okay I guess so well we
will try to I how many millions of
people would have to mobilize for us to
change the electoral 7yn million why do
you think also there's no pushback like
after Al Gore lost he had he had his his
cause which was global warming right
climate change Hillary Clinton's cause
could be getting rid of the electoral
college like why wouldn't she do that
well how about just letting us vote and
letting the votes count I mean in
Wisconsin which US Agent Orange worn by
supposedly twenty nine thousand votes we
now know from the University of
Wisconsin about 300,000 people were
barred from voting for it for several
goofy reasons mostly they changed the ID
laws two weeks before the election so
that if you had a gun license with your
photo ID a state
license you could vote but if you were a
student and you got a student ID with
your picture on it from the University
of Wisconsin you couldn't vote hello
so the gun owners got to vote the if you
carried a gun you could vote if you
carried a book nah
and so why aren't we fighting I mean
you'll have a few little stories but the
myth is that the American electoral
system is so wonderful as a few little
problems but the other thing is that we
have to bring back the issue of race and
class and that's behind what's going on
here people the poor can't vote students
can't vote black brown his and
asian-americans I have a section there
called voting Gangnam style they start
they're going after Asian Americans like
that system cross-check I talked about
how they use common names you can
imagine if your name is Lee right good
luck voting again so why don't the
Democrat in the Democrats and Wisconsin
right I'm like I just gave it over the
best passivity of the Democrats in this
situation I just don't get it
and you know the Republicans are doing
it right out in the open by the way
they're not even try so like when they
when they're trying to get voter ID laws
we all know that that is repressed to go
voter suppression that's exactly why
they're not doing that because there's
any kind of voter fraud there is no
voter fraud there's a legend fraud which
is different right it's it's the elect
the guys controlling the elections would
steal the vote
well Democrats want to talk about Russia
I was on ms/ms DNC oh yeah I
mispronounced that they had you on
Believe It or Not and but then I said
gave the wrong answer they had just
before the election they said are you
worried about the Russians ah packing
the voting machines in Ohio I said the
Republicans control the voting machines
they've got the passwords the access and
the motives I'm not worried about the
Russians I'm worried about the Ohio
Republicans messing with the vote in
Ohio and that was the wrong answer I
supposed to say oh it's Putin sitting
there with his old atari breaking in and
changing the vote come on and so
everybody over at MSNBC going along with
the McCarthyism right now I mean you're
a real journalist I'm a pretend one why
aren't they more embarrassed I did they
I mean I don't understand like in in the
in your like I'm an admin comedian right
so there's a culture of comedians and
there's there's a you know a society I
don't know what the word I'm is escaping
me but isn't there one in journalism
right isn't there yeah well there are
camaraderie and don't you all kind of
look at each other like what the is
wrong with you
well what's happening acts actually
depends which side of the ocean you're
on in in Britain when I'm with BBC or my
reports in the continent and in Latin
America in New Zealand you know there we
can't find reporters who think that this
isn't just like completely goofy this
Putin mania of the Democratic Party but
what's happened is that the mainstream
press is is completely in that pocket
there there it's the new Red Scare yeah
and you know what the problem is it's
it's like fluffy like okay let's say
that Putin let's read let's say he spent
$100,000 on Facebook ads that's what
elected Donald Trump Hillary Clinton
spent a billion dollars a billion
dollars and she's saying that well I
spent a billion but Putin spent a
hundred thousand on Facebook ads and
that was it I got destroyed if it wasn't
for those hundred thousand and ads or
something you know Co me saying
something you know what about emails can
I tell you something I was in Ohio no
one even knows who David Comey is I was
at the plant gates that were shut James
Comey whatever whatever his brother you
know there's another schmuck and it's
like they don't know they don't care
they're at the plant gates that were
closed Donald Trump stood in front of
the plant gates the auto plant at Warren
Ohio and said I'm bringing this nafta's
toast day one I'm bringing all your jobs
back he was lying
he was he didn't care he said anything
to them but Hillary was silent she never
went to a plant gate she was only in the
big cities I talked to some of the top
Democratic officials unfortunately only
talk to me off the record but they said
we begged her on our knees yeah talk to
working people for God's sake get the
hell out of Hollywood okay I mean I saw
her George Clooney's house that's very
nice how many votes there I just
wondering and and she didn't make one
appearance in Wisconsin so what happens
is yeah they stole the
election get the film the best marketing
money can buy the case of the stolen
election yes it was stolen but I'm gonna
tell you something
they made it close enough to steal the
Democrats you know lost sight of who
they're supposed to represent
and so Trump look Trump how does Trump
make his money he makes his money in his
casinos by getting working-class people
to turn over their paychecks he skins
him alive and they say thank you I had a
good time so he knows how to take steal
from working people that's his entire
wealth and so he just did it he just
changed he just stole their vote through
you know manipulation election process
but also just lying to them and it had
nothing to do with Putin it had
everything to do with he spoke to
working people and told them what they
wanted to hear he's lying you know they
put you know one of things I do in my
film by the way is the the old subtitle
is called a tale of billionaires and
ballot bandits and I actually go and
hunt down the billionaires behind Trump
now this is important because remember
Trump only plays a billionaire on TV he
you know he needs real billionaires to
have funded his campaign he was Hawk
Hawk up to his hockey really sack yeah
he has no money
I've known actually of known Trump for
