so I told you already that Bernie
Sanders proposal of to send everybody to
college for free would cost sixty five
billion dollars everybody said he was
crazy were you gonna get that money and
then within a blink of an eye no debate
no nothing they'd passed 80 billion
extra dollars for the war machine and
like huh what and nobody even talks
about it did Anderson Cooper do a town
hall about it no was there op eds
debating it in the know there was
nothing was a front-page story even know
I mean anyway so it's kind of
unbelievable and we're the richest
country in the world we can afford
everything the rest of the world has we
can afford good education we can afford
teachers you don't you know in Finland
Finland they have three teachers in
every class class no bigger than 23 do
you have a master teacher and two
helpers yes but that's what you have
they all have masters they are saying
and they yes they all have masters there
and one one instructs the whole
classroom the other one checks for
understanding and the other one is like
an extra tutor so if one kid is having a
struggling they can to to that one kid
so three teachers 20 kids and union
strong and in United States you often
have 40 kids one teacher so you know you
you we we don't put our money where our
mouth is our mouth is all about
education and getting ahead and educate
him go to the right school and then we
you know we don't fund that stuff so
what's happening right now in West
Virginia well in West Virginia they've
been on strike for over a week the
teachers in West Virginia and I don't
know if you know they've been on a
strike for over a week the strike began
on Thursday February 22nd the day after
Governor Justice a Republican signed
legislation providing teachers school
service personnel and State Police with
a two percent salary increase starting
in July and scheduling a 1% pay hike for
teachers in 2020 and 2021 well why would
they why would they strike after he
agreed signs in the LEDs what why would
they he's given them a raise why would
they well as a Westford
new teacher this is from a West Virginia
teacher I've been teaching for ten years
I only clear right under $1,300 every
two weeks and they're wanting to take
$300 more away from me for health care
so their health care premiums were
rising all the teachers health care
premiums were rising and hers are gonna
rise an extra three hundred dollars a
week three hundred dollars a week I mean
three hundred dollars a month
oh I mean that's still a lot but all
right so so if somebody she's gonna make
cheat if she's gonna clear twenty six
hundred dollars a month now you just
took it down twenty three hundred so
she's had a pay cut because her her
health insurance rate rise raised a
hundred three hundred dollars but they
tell me it's okay because we're going to
give you a 1% pay raise that equals out
to eighty eight cents every two days
teachers union said the raises that that
governor signed wouldn't cover the cost
of living increases and the bill didn't
address other concerns related to public
employees insurance programs health care
costs and payroll tax deductions so the
teachers went on strike
West Virginia high school teachers made
an average of forty five thousand two
hundred and forty dollars a year in 2016
according to data from the Bureau of
Labor stats that is the 47th lowest
salary in 50 states and the District
Columbia better only the mid Mississippi
North Carolina Oklahoma and South Dakota
elementary and middle school teachers do
slightly better they're only 46 lowest
in the nation so I did a quick little
calculation here and then you know none
of us are math surgeons we always talk
about that but but it looks like that
even with this suppose it arrays with
that spike in health care cost they're
still taking home less than what they
used to right yeah so so it's really
just I mean yeah that they're getting
screwed over
you know once again this comes down to
if they had health care mmm-hmm okay
how about you want healthy teachers in
the classroom by the way you want people
single payer yeah yeah that'd be a huge
start that could like help that would
that would transform a lot of industries
I think you know without you having to
beg for your healthcare you know didn't
we just read that a teacher was in
crisis and died because they didn't have
access to health care yeah in Texas yeah
yeah yeah that woman that woman died
yeah I mean it's that's a group that
really needs strong health care it's
teachers you're walking into a disease
vector every day right I mean kids kids
carry a lot of germs and there's a bunch
of them in the classroom together like
you're very susceptible so if you so
just so you know it's illegal for public
employees to strike in West Virginia
it's illegal for teachers to strike but
the teachers went on strike anyway so
the teachers are doing this illegally
the teachers have gone on strike anyway
West Virginia 680 public school and
public schools employ 19 thousand four
hundred eighty eight classroom teachers
and have enrolled two hundred and
seventy seven thousand 137 students all
55 counties in West Virginia have been
halves closed schools for more than a
week so they're not even allowed to go
on strike they do it anyway yes that
takes a lot of courage the courage for
these families to finally come together
and say I'm gonna risk my employment I'm
gonna risk my finances to do this it
take it is imagine that you would go on
strike for something that you believe in
right now in this economy mm-hmm yeah
it's terrifying here here's uh earlier
this week James so this is what you were
talking about so then on Wednesday James
see justice the governor announced a
plan to raise teachers salaries by five
percent and the state union leaders said
teachers would return to work on
Thursday so that was on Wednesday right
but teachers across the state have
refused saying they will not return
until the state legislature completes
the deal and counties across the state
have kept schools open
so it went to this house and the house
past that five percent boom and then the
teachers like hey gonna go back to
 work teachers like well I'm just
more so yeah we have to wait what did
the Senate do process isn't over yeah
the state Senate's Republican majority
refused Thursday to even take up
legislation to give them a five percent
raise after four years without one the
republican-controlled House passed it 98
to 1 on Wednesday night so the House
passed it oh yeah let's pass that 98 to
one we're all for it
the Senate won't even take it up they
like pass it get him back to work and
then we'll have the Senate screw them
that was what their plan was you have to
have the governor make a big
announcement that he's given them five
percent have the House passed at 98 to
one have the teachers go back to work
and then the Senate screws them so then
the teachers look like if they
strike again yeah so we got a plan and
we're gonna hope that none of these
teachers have seen schoolhouse rocks
before I don't know how a bill works so
here's the letter from the Teachers
Association it said after seven days of
unity teachers and service professionals
are ready to get back to what they do
best educating our students and our
state's public schools only one thing is
standing in their way and that is says
that Senate President Michael Carmichael
he has made every effort to derail the
agreement with the governor and keep our
public schools closed again next week
his rhetoric posturing and actions have
inflamed educators state superintendents
parents citizens as well as his fellow
legislators his words serve no purpose
other than to create anger distrust and
escalate an already volatile situation
we call on senator Carmichael and step
up and be a leader and not simply be a
roadblock to getting our educators back
to work senator Carmichael be a leader
like Speaker Armstead and the members of
the House of Delegates and allow your
fellow senators to vote on House bill 41
45 passed the bill on Saturday and get
our students back to the classroom can
you look up and see what happened today
somebody so let's see because today is
Saturday and so they're supposed to pass
it now it's probably or
whatever was supposed to happen probably
already happened because it's almost
three o'clock the right time which would
mean it's six o'clock Eastern Time so
Brown looking at that see what they say
about here here's what I want to tell
you one more thing now staff made the
point about if they had single-payer
health care this wouldn't be even an
issue this wouldn't even be an issue the
reason why they're striking is because
their health care is costing them more
money which means they're gonna have
less money for everything else so again
here we are we have this broken system
and they just want their health care and
if we had single-payer health care like
the rest of the goddamn world how is it
that Congress people get government to
give them their health care but teachers
don't isn't that wild
so whenever someone tells you that we
value education or debited is
this is what teachers have to go on
strike just to get now here's something
interesting here's what I think is very
interesting all 100 seats in the house
in West Virginia are up for election
this year which is maybe why they voted
98 to 1 in favor of the teachers because
everybody's on the teachers side in West
Virginia I mean everybody except you
know the goddamn cretins who run the
Senate and the governor all 100 seats in
the house are up for election this year
along with half the 34 seats in the
Senate teachers have promised to pay
close attention to etes lawmakers
actions and vote accordingly so there
you go all 100 seats in the house are up
for election this year and that's in
West Virginia Ron did you find anything
out about what happened this I'm reading
something that is three hours old as of
right now and it's saying where is it
from it's from CNN and the proposed bill
resulted in more than an hour of heated
debate that continued into early evening
Saturday so let's see here the deal did
not include an immediate fix to the
state health insurance plan
and other teachers gonna go back to work
no yeah it doesn't yeah teachers and
service personnel have been on strike
justice appointing the first members of
the task force Friday and they will meet
for the first time on march 13th so no
so right now it just looks like there
was a long debate that went into the
early early evening and of course that
is early evening East Coast so it's good
to see that the teachers are doing this
and it's good to see that the people by
the way in West Virginia are supporting
them and the students and I just think
that people's lives are so horrible now
and they see what that they live in a
country of unbelievable opulence except
it's not being shared with by the
oligarchs with the people who generate
the opulence and Jimmy real quick yeah a
sentence that was kind of important that
a continuation of the impasse this
weekend would mean the battle for better
benefits and higher pay could keep
schools closed Monday and possibly
through next week so it looks like
there's there's not a solution and okay
well I hope those Senate Republicans
keep keep on Union teachers and
the people in West Virginia actually but
like why the would you vote for
those people who like how brainwashed I
know people are brick it's easy to
brainwash people look what Russia gates
doing right now it's easy to brainwash
people into thinking well capitalism is
this the only way we can ever do
something even though we have socialism
all around us
you don't like art like Medicare like
firemen like the military everyone
Rivera's like there's some kind of angel
from heaven instead of what they are
 hired killers it's amazing right
we look at we look at guys who dressed
up ready to kill people like
they're sent from heaven it's the
probably ops so okay so there you go
that's a great story
right on to the West Virginia teachers
we're gonna follow this I sent you a
photo of Carmichael if you want his
website Mitch Carmichael okay which is
weird is no contact phone number Oh
Mitch Mitch Carmichael's state Senate
website you they Mitch let me see mr.
Carmichael
it is okay good yeah right there if you
go back I got you and interesting his
Twitter feed he hasn't really been doing
anything lately interesting isn't that
interesting so this guy Mitch Carmichael
is the reason ultimately why teachers
can't move forward with their life
ultimately to blame when you're worried
about who's gonna take care of your kid
on Monday because teachers aren't strike
it's Mitch Carmichael you should call
his office you should go down there yeah
and wonder when he's going to provide
childcare for you because he doesn't
want to make a move on this and I gotta
tell you to me I was working in the
Glendale school district and many times
that school district denied an increase
in pay for teachers yes we were supposed
to continue to go to work continue to
bend it over do our best job step you
were told you had 40 kids in your
classroom is letting the Glendale
Unified across the street from two
million dollar houses and they send
their kids to a school with one teacher
forty kids in the classroom right yeah
but but what you're leaving out Jimmy
that's not just forty kids
I can teach forty kids no problem that's
a hundred and eighty kids Monday through
Friday right so that's one primary
that's forty one period yes and then you
put that over six periods or whatever
five class period class periods huh
yeah that's 180 kids 180 kids I can 880
and not one teacher that worked at our
school on their salary could afford to
buy a home across the street from the
school so we were pretty much shipping
in our teachers to teach kids in that
community isn't that something they're
shipping in their teachers uh yeah
whatever we don't pay our teachers well
enough to actually live among us we just
want them to teach we wanted to catch
some poor people come in and teach our
kids and this is the problem you're
hearing this repeatedly all over the
United States San Francisco they had all
the well how long of a commute could it
be for kids for teachers to get into San
Francisco be was gonna take them two
hours to get the frickin work in the
morning have you ever seen the traffic
coming over the bridge in San Francisco
in the morning I don't know so yeah so
you can't afford if you're at a teacher
so so how is that
we should do a story on that let's look
into that I want to do a story on how to
help teachers make it in a place like
say what about friggin Manhattan in
Brooklyn one of those goddamn teachers
they were also talking about people in
Portland that working-class people in
Portland are no longer able to afford
living in Portland and they have to be
outside of that area oh really yes so
it's it's except the cost of living of
course is soaring throughout the United
States and nobody's income is is
changing that's well this is so this is
what I keep saying what do you what do
you call a system that takes the richest
country the face of the earth has ever
seen the United States and renders half
of its population poor or low-income
half of its workers make less than
$30,000 a year you call that a failed
system that is a failed system okay
we're on you understand why I was just
gonna say like we're talking about
different places in the United States I
taught in Tennessee like that was back
when I was adjunct in some and the the
thing that I'd love to throw out there
is that I got paid because I was still
doing comedy too and I was doing I was
starting to build like more colleges
right like performing at colleges and I
got paid more to perform at one college
then I got paid to teach for an entire
semester Wow and that was just like that
was how underpaid adjuncts were and then
the people that like we're adjunct to
different places they would go from
place to place I mean it was uh and
that's me that was never brought up
another business model sorry to me that
is another business model that's
happening in our colleges adjunct
professors because when you're an
adjunct professor you have no voice and
you really don't have any job security
and that's what they're doing to the
professor class of instructors right now
throughout America you would so when
when professors can't even organize to
get a decent wage how do you throw hard
do you think it is for freaking
fast-food workers or Walmart workers or
any kind of other worker when the most
educated people in the country have a
hard time unionizing you know you know
the NBA has a goddamn union think about
that you know the baseball players have
union why because they know they'll be
taking an advantage of unless they join
that
Union that's why do you know pilots have
a union pilots you know why because
they'll be taken advantage of if they
don't have a union
god damn it pilots have a union but
fast-food workers don't deserve one I
just want to throw this out there real
quick Sara and the chat says I teach
public college in lower Manhattan I
commute an hour on the subway way from
almost Yonkers and rent is half my
salary so someone right in the chest so
again we're very close to an actual
revolution happening when people don't
have anything left to do you think that
woman is like well I could I can protest
and try to take the system down or I
could beat my head against this
capitalistic wall every goddamn day for
pennies hmm so I think we're good I
think we are close enough to where
people are going to start doing general
strikes I pretty sure how much worse
could it get for people in this goddamn
country you know like when we even like
so we have this progressive lefty show
and when we do live events I try to keep
the ticket prices low because I mean I
can't how do people can afford it
how can people afford to go have fun
etting poor they came to afford their
 prescriptions and you know what
they do in Germany when things aren't
going the way the workers want to see it
go they strike they know what I do in
France they strike you know what they do
in Italy they strike and you know what
they get afterwards results that's right
so we have a very weak labor movement
which has a lot to do with that I
noticed gonna sound crazy has a lot to
do with what the FBI did during
McCarthyism had a lot to do with what
the CIA is done and let's remember the
reason why they overthrew a lot of
places in the Middle East
meaning the CIA was because they gave
democracy to the people and that scares
the out of them because when you
give democracy to the people you can't
control them anymore so they would knock
off the democratically elected leaders
like Mosaddegh in Iran and install a
right wing strongman puppet and that's
that
