hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have our special guests back on
the show it's Pete D'Alessandro and he's
a progressive running for Congress and I
was third District hey guess what he is
uh he ran Bernie Sanders campaign in
Iowa I went out there and I saw that he
did a great job and he's fighting for
Medicare for all free college and the
fight for 15 and he's here to update us
on his campaign welcome back to the show
Pete D'Alessandro hi Pete Jimmy always
great now since I talked to you last
time you got the big endorsement you
want to tell people who Dorst you yeah
we were very proud of it I'm one of only
four people in the country running for
Congress that Bernie Sanders endorsed in
a primary so we're real proud of that
we we know we had worked people know we
worked for him in the past but it was
because we we went out there we were
talking about the right issues he came
out and did an event for us and the
energy was uh was really something
special you know we put five six hundred
people in a room in the Friday afternoon
that noon in Des Moines Iowa hour an
event for a guy running for Congress in
the middle of the country and the energy
was incredible the grassroots signups we
were able to get were incredible and
then as he is apt to do when he decides
that he's all-in and I really think this
is one of the great changes that Bernie
Sanders has made possible in our
politics is he sent out an email saying
that he endorsed me to his list and we
are now narrowing we're coming up on
eight thousand individual donors for a
congressional campaign and I well that's
a lot that's a very high number so
that's a big that so 8,000 individual
donations that's a big number of
individuals giving you money right yeah
and that's that go ahead that's the
difference and I think that's the
difference he made look we have three
people in this race and in the past
someone like me would have been
patented wouldn't have been able to
compete now we still have to go out and
earn it we have to talk about the right
issues we have to get to the doors we
have to build a campaign structure that
will do it but in the past if you had a
situation where you had one candidate
who could write their own checks which
is you know the case in this district
and one of the one of our opponents and
god bless him you have every right to do
that another candidate that had the kind
of the the corner on the market of the
$2,700 max out donors we couldn't
compete with that
but because of Bernie Sanders what he is
allowed because of what he changed and
what he made our politics about is a
candidate like me if we appeal on these
issues can now stay competitive with
candidates like that because we can have
eight thousand donors at whatever it is
$24 average donation regular working
donations that can now put you in a
position where you can raise nearly as
much as much and now if you put the
structure together if you run the type
of campaign you want you got a chance to
beat him now and that wasn't the case
just a few short years ago so about that
tokamaks important stuff talk about your
path to victory there in Iowa's third
District we we are gonna work we
continually work hard but one of the
things that we're seeing with all the
numbers that we see is I'm the only
candidate in this race that's saying the
answer to the healthcare crisis is
Medicare for all there's no other way to
look at how we're going to answer this
we are clearly saying that the problems
that we have with our health care system
have to be addressed with a very simple
fact that the way to solve the problem
and I'm very clear about this is we have
to take the profit motive out of health
care it is one of those issues that is
so important that it cannot be a profit
driven answer to get to where we need to
get to that to me is a Medicare for All
system we are the only one saying it
that way I think that is a big
difference not only on where this party
should be standing but how we're gonna
win in November
and then once we went in November how
we're gonna make this country a better
place look we're the only ones saying it
I think those are the type of things
that give us the path to victory because
the issues are the right issues the
other stuff we talked about I would give
us the ability to get the word out that
that's the case in this race so Pete
even in the Democratic primary you're
the only one who's pushing Medicare for
all is a solution to our health care
problems
as the only solution I we hear way too
often out on the trail well I don't want
you know I don't care how we get there
as long you know if we have to do a
private base system to get there what
would be heaven what if we have a buy-in
for people you know and to me that's
just circling back to the same failed
policy that got us to where we are the
answer
I truly believe has to be this is one of
those issues and we've made this we've
made this a decision in the past in our
society there are certain things that as
a society we have said are so important
to the fabric of the of the totals to
sell to society that they shouldn't be
profit more and I think Medicare for all
fits that category nobody that wants out
to work every day should have to ever
think of the idea that if something
happens to them whether they get injured
on the job whether they get sick that
they will lose everything they've built
for their family because that happened
to have that's just unacceptable and
then you look at some of the other stuff
I just read something the other day and
this is I know you you are very very
familiar with these type of issues
because I seen you talk about it but
this is a specific thing that I read the
other day that really puts it in focus
for me on how this system we have now is
is failing and will continue to fail in
the last 25 years women dying in
childbirth in the United States of
America the percentage is actually gone
up in the last 25 years
think about that think about how
unacceptable that is think about how the
richest country in the history of the
world is actually sliding back
horns in terms of that particular issue
that is absolutely a clear focused
specific that shows the way we're doing
it doesn't work is a failure and we need
to move to a Medicare for All system why
I just believe that that's a stunning
that's stunning actually that is very
stunning but you know where life
expectancy going down it's it's just
amazing and you know it's so funny to
see the out of touch elites I play a
clip on this show often of Tom Brokaw he
was on Morning Joe talking about well we
have to raise the from my friends my
aides think it's crazy we retire at 65
we should raise that up to at least 67
yeah your friends you mean your friends
who wear ascots and hang out in green
rooms of TV studios you know he's not
talking about the UPS driver who's
dropping off stuff at NBC studios that
day he's not talking about the
maintenance crew or the camera guy or
the fireman everybody wants a
seven-year-old fireman right so it's
amazing to see how out of touch those
people are and the fact that we're going
backwards and you actually have a
solution that's that's fantastic that
you have solutions now Pete tell me what
what we just saw the Democrats again
joining the Republicans to gut
dodd-frank now you're gonna be a force
pushing again back against that but what
can you know is that demoralizing to you
one of the people inside the party say
about that and go ahead good question
well III you've known me long enough I I
just we can't get demoralized because
that is that is what the 1% base their
strategy on is that they're gonna wear
us down that at some point we're gonna
say hey we fought the good fight I gotta
leave it for somebody else so I look to
every day my whole career of organizing
is to kind of fight that idea now I know
it's difficult because they do have the
ability but to to wear us down to to
have people work as hard as they can and
not make any gains if anything that
something like that friend should be
expanded let alone be gutted I mean it
probably didn't even go far enough when
you think about it in terms of what we
should be doing and we're seeing this
another in other places to where we
should be expanding programs and what it
comes down to Jimmy and it's not just
this issue a lot of the things we talk
about Medicare for all when we talk
about issues like guns which is
obviously like ripped right out of the
headlines now when we talk about a lot
of these issues it it always seems to
circle back to campaign finance reform
that's really the reason that they're
able to wear us down you know you know
let's look at guns for an example eighty
percent of people say let's get rid of
us all weapons off of our streets eighty
percent of people by every poll that you
can look at say hey let's uh let's make
it a little longer period of time before
an honest law-abiding citizen goes and
fills out his paperwork let's make it a
couple more days to make sure that we
get everything right eighty percent of
citizens say let's close the gun show
loophole now look I get it I know this
stuff we're not a democracy we're a pre
our republic I understand that but you
know what if eighty percent of the
people in a republic are saying we want
this and it doesn't even get a serious
debate in the United States Congress
because those folks with the money have
more say than eighty percent of the
people because they have their hands on
the lever of the money the guy I want to
run against David Young middle of
America running through a district that
runs from Des Moines to the Nebraska
border has the third biggest amount of
money coming to him than any other
person in the Congress from the NRA
really they're owned look use the term
I'm okay with saying it don't nuance it
these guys these women are owned by the
NRA they're owned by the money we need a
campaign finance reform that will at
least say you know what if 80% of the
people think this is the right thing to
do let's talk about it in the United
States Congress they have so much money
and so much power because of the money
it doesn't even get a discussion let
alone a vote
and a lot of these things circle back to
that well um do you think there's gonna
be a progressive wave and in the fall or
how would you have any predictions or
feelings I feel like people like you I
just got off the we just got off the
Skype with Dylan Ratigan who's running
in northern New York right now
there seems to actually and you know our
revolution the Justice Democrats branded
Congress there is a really been a fire
lit under the progressives but you know
because of Bernie but also because in
response to Trump and so what do you
would you have any predictions or
feelings or any thoughts on that that is
a great question and you mentioned a few
groups I'm proud I have the endorsement
of our revolution I have the endorsement
of justice Democrats in this race that
I'm running for the Democratic
nomination here in Iowa's third District
well we have a saying around this office
and and it's a saying that gets us to
where we think we need to be focused on
I don't like when we hear about a blue
wave I don't think that's a necessarily
getting to what we really need to do cuz
I'll tell you what if we depend on a
wave
there have been waves before yes what we
talk about around here is let's create
our own wave because two things happen
if we work to create our own wave and
that's what Justice Democrats are doing
that's what our revolution is trying to
do is you create your own wave because
here's what happens if you do that if
you get the wave great the wave will
help take you into the shore but you
have been standing for something while
you did it so if you get elected because
you said wow I'm just gonna wait for a
wave to take me in you have no mandate
really and other than Oh a bunch of
people didn't like Donald Trump ah
you're actually talking about $15 an
hour you're actually talking about
medicare-for-all you're actually talking
about campaign finance reform you're
actually talking about protecting women
health decisions and let them make their
own health decisions when the wave takes
you in you can look people right in the
eye and say I told you what I was gonna
do this isn't this isn't a surprise
I ran saying I would do this but here's
the other thing Jimmy if we don't if the
wave doesn't come the people that get
elected in nine wave years the people
who survived waves when you're on the
other side you know what's really ironic
about it
those are always the most ideological
people they're the ones who survive the
wave it's always the moderate it's
always the Moochie middle that gets
wiped out in a wave either way you know
what stand for things and you're gonna
be there for a while and you're gonna be
able to create what you are running to
create and so we talked about creating
our own wave that's what we're gonna do
here that's what we work to do every day
I think part of that is standing for
this bold progressive agenda that's the
way to do it like I said I just I've
been I've been doing this myself for 25
years I've studied it longer we there's
been waves before it's what you stand
for to get you there that matters and
that's what we're trying to do Wow wrong
wave that's what I would say pizza
Sandro very well said that's great so
when the wave brings you this is sure
you've been standing for something all
along that is fantastic and Pete's
definitely standing for something which
is why we're big fans of his which is
why I've donated to his campaign he's
the richest white Bernie Sanders has
endorsed him our revolution has endorsed
him just as Democrats he's the real deal
so if you're in the Iowa third and you
want to Bernie Sanders to take you back
to just a parity with the rest of the
world we can have nice things in this
world we can have health care we can
have education we can have a jobs
program we can have banking regulations
that doesn't bankrupt us every 10 years
we can have nice things in the United
States and we can cut our defense budget
to you know our defense budget is 40%
higher than it was at the height of the
Iraq and Afghanistan war so again that's
the undue influence of the
military-industrial complex and if you
want someone to push back against that
Pete D'Alessandro is the guy so Pete
what's your website again it's a peeper
Iowa
Pete Brian was calm Pete fry with
downtimes
spelled out Pete for Iowa common and
Twitter is a peak for Iowa
okay thanks for coming out Pete any last
words you want to give to anybody
yep I tell you what every time we come
on your show we get a bump we're
in a position now that we really believe
when if we get on television and we get
this message out we are gonna win this
primary we're gonna win it for the folks
that say we need nominees that are
standing for Medicare for all so I know
a lot of folks watch your show so even
if they just go to p4 Iowa
take a look at what we're about hit that
contribute button even give us a dollar
because that's how we built this thing
we're under $25 average donation this is
a this is a campaign that is standing
for the right issues I really believe it
in my heart that's what that's what
we're trying to do here and we always
get a good bump after we're on your show
because it's a lot of good progressives
and I want you to know this and you know
I've known you for a long time so I'm
saying this as a friend I want you to
know how popularly popular you are out
there there is not a place I go to in
this district and we have a lot of small
towns in this district that at least at
an event a person doesn't come up to me
and say I saw you on the Jimmy Dore show
that's not just in Des Moines that's an
8 there County it just happened and
Creston again the other day hey I saw
you on the Jimmy door so you know what I
wasn't I wasn't following it but my
girlfriend loves Jimmy boy what she
watches the show and I watched it you
you're great we get notes sent to us all
the time about hey if Jimmy Dora thinks
you're okay you're okay so keep doing
what you're doing cuz it's not just
about me you're making this happen for
people all over this country and don't
get discouraged we're gonna make it
happen
and we can do it it's our time my
pleasure Pete for Iowa calm everybody go
there help out volunteer make a small
contribution I don't know if people
realize what an amazing accomplishment
that is they have 8,000 individual
donations in a congressional primary and
have it be under $25 each as an average
that's amazing you're really connecting
with the grassroots people so
congratulations and we look forward to
talking to you after your victory buddy
thanks Jimmy thanks for the help with
that okay
please make sure you subscribed it only
takes a second make sure you're
subscribed and click that bell so they
give you a notice whenever we drop a
video and if you can become a page when
we give you hours of bonus material
every week our next live shows June 30th
in Portland Oregon
we do a super silent chat every Saturday
that's our live stream you can ask us
questions and we answer back that
Saturday is at 2 p.m. Pacific plus we
run steam it we're steaming it right now
[Music]
