hey a white cop killed the black guy who
was unarmed planted a gun on him even
said he was gonna kill him before he did
and he got acquitted
surprise surprise that happened in st.
Louis where cops killed black people and
you can't convict them they murder them
they don't kill them they murder them
that's what this cop did he murdered
this guy that guy's name is Anthony
Lamar Smith and he was killed by this
guy who's murdered by that kind of
maniac that homicidal maniac his name is
Jason Stockley and he was a st. Louis
cop he was chasing him and he said I'm
going to kill that mf'er a minute later
he shot him five times through his car
window and then he planted a gun in the
car and guess what he's not guilty we
live in a lawless society whether you
want to believe it or not and you have
no protection because those are the guys
who are supposed to protect you and
their homicidal maniacs and then the
government protects them that's how it
works so here's a little bit a Jordan
Chariton was covering a protester
they're protesting in st. Louis on
highway 64 and this was and they got
arrested they were arresting people and
so did Jordan Chariton who so they so
what they're doing on you remember in
Ferguson they targeted they would
actually shoot tear gas at the press
they would beat up the press and but
down why we so we covered that so they
target the press they're doing it again
they they've the first people they
arrest are the press so here we go our
arresting threatening to arrest the
press here and there about so there is
Jordan Chariton he's at a protest he's
covering it which is what you're
supposed to do in the United States if
you're a journalist you're supposed to
cover things that happen he's covering
it right because we have freedom of the
press First Amendment all that stuff so
he's covering it like you're supposed to
which is constitutionally protected they
first arrest his blue cameraman who's
black and they roughed him up a little
and then they arrest Jordan who's white
why is he under arrest for what excuse
me why is he under arrest officer
why is he in arrest
did you hurt the cop said he says de
jour de Jordans asking Tony's got a
microphone in his hand he's obviously a
journalist why are you arresting my
cameraman and the cop says don't face me
again or he's gonna get a chemical he
assault you cuz cops used to saw people
now with willy-nilly drop the VAT and
nobody cares so he's gonna I'm gonna
salt you if you face me again that's a
cop saying that is that a cop or is that
a Nazi saying that what who says
that to a journalist don't face me again
and he threatens them with pepper spray
what kind of weird world are we living
in I'll tell you it's a tote out go
ahead it's like a villain and like a
he-man movie yeah something like do
anything again and you will face me yeah
okay here we go
do not face me again he said do not face
me again so he just arrested my camera
guy there great so did you hear what he
asked are you arresting the people with
cameras first because that's what
they're doing so the cops are are
lawless
criminal thugs and st. Louis and the
media will tell you that's what they are
but that's what they are
the cops are lugs they're lawless and
they're criminals how much more do we
need to be exposed about the st. Louis
cops how the Ferguson cops worked the
whole goddamn city was one big graft
organization grafting money from the
poor black people using the law using
the legal process to do it meaning
extorting them that's how they work
that's how they were paying their bills
this is what cops do this is you have to
understand that that that the police
departments don't randomly pull people
out of society to come beat cops
people actively seek those jobs you know
what kind of people seek those jobs
 brutal who don't give a
 about you who are on a power trip
that's who cops are
can we point out to the video speaks for
itself but let's just create a rate here
the protests was a hundred and ten
percent peaceful peaceful nobody was
doing anything it was a peaceful protest
a very justified peaceful protest and
the cops just surrounded these people
steve-o made the analogy that I thought
was very accurate it was like a game of
Thrones style where were they kind of
surround them with shields and just
enclosed on them and these are people
peacefully pro right he's our citizens
so this happened it will occupy nobody
gave a then you know there was over
a three million dollar settlement for
how the cops broke up Occupy Wall Street
here they made people kneel and concrete
they had them defecate urinate on
themselves again didn't give them the
medicine stuff like that this is what
cops do to citizens who are peacefully
protesting they are redressing their
government for grievances and this is
what the cops do because cops I don't
know if you know they're not deep
thinkers okay they're not big readers
they're not deep thinkers they're guys
who have problems they're either
they're either bullies or they were
bullied and they have psychological
problems and the state gives them a gun
that's who cops are and if you know any
cops you know I'm right
I might get my grandpa was a cop my dad
was a cop my oldest brother was a cop my
best friends in Chicago were cops I have
lots of friends in LA we're cops they're
all the same they're all the same okay
so now let's go we're actually gonna
interview Jordan I'm here with Jordan
Chariton reporter extraordinaire he's in
his car on his way to break another
story but yesterday he was covering
protests in st. Louis over another
police killing of a black guy and you
were arrested Jordan tell us what
happened driving okay cameraman Tommy TV
Bayless in the driver's seat there we
were covering protests here in st. Louis
the protests will be going on for two
weeks following another not guilty
verdict former police officer jason
Stockley
not guilty shooting murder 24-year old
african-american and a Lamar Smith Jimmy
it's it's it's crazy I mean on during
the police chase the officer is on tape
saying I'm gonna kill this
you watch then he killed him
somehow he was found not guilty so
understandably the protests here for two
weeks Ty and I recovering a protest two
nights ago on the highway the protesters
you know a mix of black lives matter and
white allies successfully we're able to
block the highway obviously trying to
obstruct traffic we were there doing our
jobs covering it
you were part of organizing it part of
anything other than we got an address
showed up and was on the highway the
protesters marched on the highway
and then as police closed in on them
they marched off on ramp and then
started marching on a main road very
quickly the police set up almost like a
kettle for around in a perfect square so
that protesters would not have an exit
before you know it they start closing in
on not only the protesters but they
arrested first legal observers which are
there to observe what the police are
doing not supposed to be arrested and
then they started arresting the a
journalist including Ty and I they
arrested the legal observers and the
journalists before the protesters hence
get rid of the ears and eyes so they
could do whatever they want answer them
and so why does st. Louis seemed to be
so unbelievably lawless when it comes to
the police you know I wish I could just
say it st. Louis but I was in North
Dakota as you know and in other places I
think st. Louis is a special case st.
Louis is a Dixiecrat state an old
Dixiecrat state it's its origins are
that of racism they actually have
modern-day segregation now they have two
police departments one for the white
police officers one excuse me police
unions not department
unions one for white police one for
black police the black police had to
breed their own because they're so
frankly disgusted with that of the white
police this goes back you know more than
over a century but basically st. Louis
has been created you have st. Louis City
and then st. Louis County and they have
created you know the city iya County and
separate police departments for the
county versus the city and a lot of it
has to do with creating police and local
government for middle class upper class
white people and the rest of it for
black people so that so when you got so
when you got arrested why did they tell
you they were arresting you for and do
they know you were reporter they told us
because we were on the highway which I
responded yeah covering what you're
doing it's called the First Amendment
didn't seem to either they know what the
First Amendment is that they don't give
a crap or they don't know they didn't
care about that and by the way this is
the first time journalists were arrested
they arrested someone for the st. Louis
dispatch which is a local paper here
it's kind of a corporate mouthpiece for
the police but they did arrest somebody
from st. Louis dispatch a week ago and
they've arrested mostly independent
journalists the last two weeks here I
don't think they knew who the Young
Turks was this was our first protest
we're recovering about in regards to
this not guilty verdict I think they
know about us now that's for sure
but they did not know who you were and I
will say they tie my cameraman is black
I am white they cuffed him pretty hard
he was screaming you know chill out
chill out you know you heard me me it
was like a bed and breakfast very
pleasant put us through the jail and you
know honestly they should be careful
about arresting journalists because I
witnessed a whole lot of things that I'm
now able to report in that jail civil
Mike what them well let's start with
early racial slurs at people they
arrested really early early homophobic
slurs at people they arrested there were
two transgender men one office
the Jill said said quote I don't know
what they are through them in a separate
cell basically like a cage in my actual
jail cell there were 36 people the limit
is 31 1 1 man young man was basically
begging for 16 hours that's how long we
were in the jail cell for his medication
severe anxiety or depression he
expressed if he misses one dose he could
go into a psychotic event they giggle
did him at first and then kind of just
kept passing the buck like oh I'll go
check on that that's somebody else came
back you know basically they weren't
gonna help then because he was asking
maybe too aggressively they put him in
solitary confinement so this is someone
with clear mental illness that had the
medication on him when they arrested him
that they are now putting in solitary
confinement
I talked to probably 20 to 30 people
with my jail cell horror stories I mean
whether them repeatedly getting arrested
for speeding tickets being kept in jail
for a week in jail permanently without
even charges no charges just kept no air
conditioning on the male side of the
Protestant versus the female side of the
prison and just really a deep-rooted
racial not just police brutality but
economic brutality in terms of poverty
here so this so you wouldn't say this is
a case of a bad apple you would say this
is a case of like-minded people who are
thugs and have no respect for the law
the Constitution or the citizens
legalized you know the reason I was late
to the interview was the mayor got back
to me I had reached out to the mayor's
office every set to the police
department the mayor of course as we
hear in all these cases though I support
journalists freedom of speech and all
this we are I had pulled on the US
Attorney's Office for investigation
which is a nice way of saying I'm doing
something but I'm not gonna do anything
you know to be so but the bottom line is
the mayor doesn't need to call on for an
investigation the police took
Harmon reports to the mayor so if the
mayor wanted the police department to
stop a arresting journalist for doing
their job Abby pepper-spraying macing
tear gassing protesters I spoke with one
17-year old young man a white man
there's a lot of white support out here
for the protesters telling me he went to
the doctor the doctor tells me his
permanent lung damage from this chemical
tear case as we saw him standing Rock
and elsewhere so we always don't
normalize drunk well attacks of the
First Amendment
totally normalized now attacks on the
press totally normalize now not a new
thing not something you know or an under
Trump this was happening under Obama and
beyond you say it's so well all the time
but they repealed habeas corpus and
really if you're a journalist nowadays
it's not because tire iron
radar TYT is so great there's been
independent journalists here before us
covering this with with not as big a
platform as TYT but if journalists can't
cover this and legal observers are
getting arrested that's what you call an
authoritarian dictatorship because you
were getting rid of the eyes in the ears
so that the police can do whatever the
hell they want and beat up some black
kids and poor white kids that's what's
going on
can you just before I let you go can you
just tell us what were the racial
epithets you heard in the jail really
yep okay so - so - the cops just act
literally act like they didn't know the
law they didn't know that you're allowed
to be a journalist did it they just
pretended they didn't know or they
didn't they didn't care I did the cops
acted like even though we're journalists
we weren't allowed to be on the highway
covering the protests I think the cops
were almost like saying where we are we
are equal to the protesters because we
were on the
which is not what the First Amendment of
the Constitution is you know let me tell
you something if that was a CNN reporter
out there a Washington Post reporter you
better damn believe they wouldn't been
arrested so a big thing that I think we
need to stress Jimmy
yeah like The Young Turks came in and
that gives it some attention but they're
arresting live streamers and independent
media at these protests around the
country all the time so if you don't
have the big-name or the press pass from
a legacy establishment bought off media
as you and I talked about all the time
you're going to jail if you want to
cover these things and and those people
are generally bootstraps building their
business from the ground up as you've
done and you know they are under siege
and the national media is not out here
CNN was in here
York Times Washington Post Associated
Press none of that so this is very
important because if you're not going to
have national media you definitely need
it at been a media they can't be allowed
to do this all right Jordan thanks for
checking in with us thanks for sticking
your neck out and we look forward now
you're on your way to East Chicago right
now to report on some more government
malfeasance EPA letting everyone down
correct that's correct
one year later poor black and Latino
community led poisoned arsenic poisoning
bacteria poisoning and you will be
surprised to know nothing has changed
okay Jordan Chariton TYT thank you very
much for checking in with us buddy I
take Tok take care time she says take
care Jimmy real quick one protester that
was in my jail cell said why isn't Jimmy
here I love that man better real yeah
yeah yeah I hey guess who needs his
medicine when he's in jail me oh okay
alright buddy take care
Portland Oregon the Jimmy Dore show is
coming to the Alberta Rose Theatre
November 12th and we're going to Burbank
California November 6th and the
Hollywood improv on October 16th there's
a link for tickets right down there go
to jimmy dore comedy calm for all legs
for all shows
