welcome to the second part of our
interview with Rania Khalek journalist
extraordinaire who has done great work
on the israel-palestinian conflict so
why why should people in America care
about why is Trump's announcement about
Jerusalem such a big deal oh well for a
couple of reasons I mean it doesn't
really change much in terms of what's
happening on the ground because the this
has to be the reality on the ground is
still the way it is there's still this
occupation Palestinians are still being
like ethnically cleanse from their lands
and that doesn't change they're still
settlements being built but the whole
idea of the peace process was in the
two-state solution was that Jerusalem
would be this like last thing that would
be negotiated as a part of the two-state
solution as a part of the peace process
and so if anything Trump has actually
kind of killed the priests process which
was always fake and always this like
illusion that was actually just
basically cover for like Israel to steal
more land and to build more settlements
as it's been doing so he sort of kind of
unmasked what's actually happening in
Israel Palestine and he's I mean the
whole idea of two states was that East
Jerusalem would be like the capital of
Palestine and West Jerusalem would be
the capital of Israel but if you're
saying Jerusalem is Israel's capital
then you're kind of you know you're kind
of burying the two-state process and I
don't think that's necessarily a bad
thing I mean what's happening on the
ground in Israel Palestine is bad and
it's gonna get worse for Palestinians no
matter what but it might not be a bad
thing for the peace process to be like
officially rhetorically killed because
it was just giving cover for more land
theft if anything I think that what's
gonna happen is that this move it's more
significant in the sense that it really
divides the u.s. more from Europe and
more from that it'll Middle East than
ever before and isolates the u.s. it's
like now you have this weird situation
where it's like the US and Israel in
Saudi Arabia versus the world you know
what's so that that could maybe that
could be a positive I don't know maybe
cuz it was positive it just uh I don't
think it changes that much like I don't
think it's it's significant diplomatic
ly but I don't think it's really like
that significant in terms of changing
the reality on the grounds so it what's
what I think what people don't also
realize is that
you know as Trump is implementing this
policy it was given full throated
support by Hillary Clinton Barack Obama
and Bill Clinton and George W Bush so
they've all supported this idea and now
Trump is just doing it so what I've said
on this show is that Trump rips the
pretty face off the ugly stuff our
government's been doing for decades and
now people are getting a good look at it
just what you said now people are seeing
what's actually happening and so in a
sense it's a you know it's a horrible
but it's a sense it's a it's a step
towards us maybe reconciling the problem
could you can you tell me what now
people in the United States they don't
really have any idea what's going on
with the palestinian-israeli conflict
they're always seeing the Palestinians
are always seen as terrorists and so
what would you say is the biggest
misconception Americans having or the
biggest mix misreporting that the in
corporate news does in America on the
conflict well they make it sound like
this two-sided comp like when it's just
the u.s. funding to like massive amounts
of money in arms a country that's like
settler colonial state that's always
been a settler colonial state that's
just stealing people's lands like
Palestinians or the Palestinians are
native population and they've been being
pushed out of their land and expelled
from it since like 1948 and it's just an
ongoing process they're just the and
they're just surrounded they live in you
know they live as like second-class
citizens so in some cases third and
fourth class citizens they have no
rights and they basically live in what
what many have compared to Jim Crow in
the South I mean that's like the system
in Israel Palestine if you're
Palestinian depending on where you live
you likely have no rights in some cases
you have no citizenship and you're just
like you're I mean you you're just
completely discriminated against for not
being Jewish and that's what people
don't realize people also don't realize
the Israeli government has been on this
like has bit has it's been a trending
towards like for the far right it's like
moving more and more far right the
people in charge of a government that
the US funds to the tunes of several
like billions of dollars of arms every
single year have people in it that make
genocide Ulrich's about Palestinians I
mean during the last Gaza war you have
who is now the Israeli justice minister
Ayelet jacket calling for killing the
mothers of little or killing the mothers
Palestinian mothers in their beds to
prevent them from birthing little snakes
that's the kind of rhetoric you hear
from Israeli government officials you
and you heed the Defense Minister of
Israel called for beheading disloyal
Arabs um not like not too long ago this
is like normal rhetoric you hear from
Israeli government officials that would
never be acceptable if we heard it from
our own officials but you know nobody in
the u.s. even knows because our media
just completely ignores it but one thing
that's interesting about the
israeli-palestinian issue is that it's I
think the coverage of it has changed in
a good way
in the last few years in the last couple
years to the point where it's become
slightly more mainstream to understand
the conflict at least from the
Palestinian side as well which is good
but I don't even know what it means
anymore because the Middle East is just
especially after Syria it's become so
fractured and so everyone's so sectarian
that sometimes it seems like Palestine
doesn't even really get a passing
thought by Arabs in the region which is
really sad because it used to be this
unifying issue and now I mean it's kind
of unifying but it's also like there's I
you know Isis happened and people were
getting beheaded and people sort of
forgot about Palestine it's just really
sad well you know it sounds like the
people at the India race there's really
great wing Israeli government sound a
lot like WA hobbyists right from Saudi
Arabia what they're kind of their
bloodlust and their head wanted to
behead people and I mean there is a good
there's a there's a movement like a Macy
anak Jewish settler movement in like in
based in Jerusalem actually that had
they have members like in in the ruling
Likud Party one of their leaders is this
guy Yehuda Glick they actually want to
bring the end times like they're like
end timers and they want to bring the
end times by basically demolishing the
al-aqsa mosque in Jerusalem and
rebuilding like the third rebuilding
they're building the third temple they
have this idea that this is somehow
gonna bring about the Messiah and so
there actually is this like really weird
it really weird alliance they've made
with like Christian Zionists in America
who also want the end times in Israel by
rebuilding the Third Temple so I'm just
kind of waiting
for like the Wahabis to get involved and
so you just like have three the three
like exposed extreme branches major
religions so just like supporting the
end times in jerusalem well we you know
i mean you talked about how the the
rhetoric of the israeli government of
towards the palestinians trump has the
right here the right wing at home has
said many a stuff like that ted cruz
famously said he wanted to carpet-bomb
the middle east which is you know war
crime a day also donald trump said he
wanted to kill the families of
terrorists right so which pretty blood
lusty over here too so the right wing on
both sides of the is really is in
lockstep with each other you know so i
just so people understand you know the
bigger problem or what the big problem
is is that you know the UN gave israel
this land the palestinians are from
there and now they are being occupied
people have called it gaza in an
open-air prison and john kerry was
caught on a secret microphone or a
secret recording where he said that
Israel is an apartheid state and so I
don't think people realize what that
means when you say Jim Crow I don't
think a lot of people even realize what
that means so what that means is that
there's a government ruling the
Palestinian people that's not of
Palestine and that's completely
suppressing them they have no rights
they don't have freedom of travel right
meaning they can't get in they have
entrance ins in and out of where they
live and they have to go through
security check military security
checkpoints just to get around they have
and they have embargoes economic
embargoes on the Palestinians so they
they can't get material to build built
businesses or buildings or medicine and
they all say because they're trying to
keep the terrorism out and so would you
say it's an apartheid state would you
agree with Charlie yeah absolutely and
you know American diplomats know this I
mean they won't say it out loud that's
why John Kerry had to get caught saying
it on a hot mic but like they know this
they say it behind closed doors they're
all fully aware of what Israel is doing
it's just a matter of like it's not a
it's not you know Israel's sort of like
an outpost for the u.s. in the Middle
East and it gets away with a lot there's
also a massive lobbying apparatus I mean
that's why you have this massive
lobbying apparatus in the u.s. called
AIPAC and other groups that you know are
funded to the tune of millions and
millions of dollars so that it makes it
impossible for members of Congress to
have a different opinion publicly and so
it makes it impossible for even the
president United States to have a
different opinion publicly but everybody
knows I mean I've talked to people
myself in the State Department who are
fully aware of what is going on in
Israel Palestine they know it's an
apartheid state it's just a matter of
you know making sure they can keep their
jobs and also keeping US policy going in
the region and the right and that the
direction the US wants it to go in but
it's absolutely disgusting and what
Americans don't realize is that what
Israel does is on our hands because
we've but I mean the Israeli government
exists and does what it does because we
fund it we arm in that's why there's
this movement to boycott divest and
sanction Israel the BDS movement that's
been growing in the West and Western
countries especially because you know in
Western Europe and also the u.s. it's
been growing in numbers and support and
and the whole idea is kind of to do what
we did what happened with South Africa
with apartheid South Africa is to
boycott divestment sanction in this
country until it abides by international
law and stops discriminating against
Palestinians but it's I mean it's just
so shocking because sometimes it seems
like Israel can really get away with
anything it wants I mean it can
literally you know just bomb women and
children in Gaza and kill little boys on
the beach for every single major Western
media outlet to videotape and see and
nothing changes yeah that's pretty
depressing I remember when they did that
I remember you know the so every once in
a while the Palestinians will launch a
rocket that hits no one and then Israel
will respond with overwhelming force
correct and they'll kill bomb children
like you said on the beach they'll bomb
schools they'll bomb hospitals we know
we've this is documented and so as a as
a progressive I always said you have to
be acutely aware of who has the power in
each situation and the Palestinians do
not have any power all the power rests
with the Israelis and it's up to them to
act human
Anatoli right they have to act like
human beings and you can't slaughter
people by the way don't even have an
army they don't have you know they have
nothing and they're I mean the water the
water I believe Gaza by 2020 is supposed
to be uninhabitable it has like 99 like
95 percent of the drinking water is
undrinkable it's it's insane that it's
like a lot to exist that way and that's
only because there's a man-made disaster
a blockade on Gaza that's completely
supported and backed by the United
States and people don't realize like
what a misery people live in people have
no idea what a misery it is but you know
you know what why do you think so
there's there's a there's Netanyahu
there's a la cude party there's the
Strongs right-wingers just like we have
in this country the fund emerges
fundamentalist the maniacs or height but
there is also I know in the United
States there's a thing called J Street
right which is against AIPAC and against
Netanyahu and so what what would you say
is the sentiment inside Israel is is it
a majority goes along with Netanyahu is
it a minority or is there is there a
lefty party that's gonna take over what
what tell me what the situation is I
would say that Netanyahu actually
occupies the center of Israeli politics
if you can believe that Wow yeah and in
fact and he's not I wouldn't say it by
American standards he's not a centrist
he by American standards he said he's a
full-throated right-wing neocon but by
Israeli standards he occupies the center
of politics and the people that I
mentioned earlier like the guy who's
calling for beheading disloyal Arabs
who's the Defense Minister Avigdor
Lieberman or ayelet Jack at the Justice
Minister I mentioned who made that
genocide a remark that is the future of
Israel the Israeli population I mean
polls show that younger Israelis are
actually more racist and have more
fascist sentiments then it so that's
actually something that's different
about the United States we might yes the
United States that's a very right-wing
government right now we have a yahoo
like figure and Trump
although Trump's the bigger idiot I
think but that said the US population
younger people are generally more
liberal more progressive more moving
towards the left that's not that's not
the case in Israel and in
fact in Israel who one thing that's
interesting is you know I'm in Berlin
right now you have Israelis that are
moving in droves from Israel to Berlin
like people who are just like liberal
and don't want anything to do with
living in an occupying state just don't
mean it don't aren't interested in the
right-wing trajectory of the country and
so there I mean it's just kind of the
irony and and it's fascinating is you
just have all of these young Israeli
Jews just moving to Brooklyn of all
places Wow which I guess does a lot
about yes
they'd rather Wow they'd rather live in
Berlin holy cow okay so now let's move
on to your work in Iraq that you did
roast recently so tell me what's going
on there well so I a couple months ago I
was in Iraq I went to Sinjar which is
where the Yazidis are mostly from and I
went there to kind of cover the
aftermath of the Yazidi genocide you
might remember yes yeah back in August
of what is it 2014 was a 2014 Wow
uh yeah three years ago back in August
of 2014 the Yazidis were surrounded on
Sinjar in Sinjar they were attacked in a
sort of in this like a very pre pre
planned and coordinated assault by Isis
and surrounded and those who were
captured were either killed or enslaved
the women uzd women weren't enslaved by
the thousands and turned into sex slaves
and it was like an entire economy that
they made them into and so I went to
kind of cover that and how it happened
and Sinjar had just been liberated by
the Iraqi popular mobilization forces a
few months ago the South Sinjar was
liberated in the popular mobilization
forces you may have heard of them in the
US media but they're usually typically
referred to as iranian-backed Shia
militias um and they're referred to in a
really negative way when in fact they're
just an Iraqi paramilitary force that
that joined together after Isis took
over huge swaths of Iraq to try and save
the country from Isis and they did and
they do receive some backing from Iran
because Iran is their neighbor but
they're not they actually are
multi-sector sect they're like they
transcend sect there's many different
sects are involved in the PMF anyways
they help
again CDs in Sinjar and so I wrote about
that and covered that and then I also
covered how the genocide unfolded and it
was basically that their neighbors one
of those shocking things I've ever had
to really like report on but talking to
people who who survived this genocide I
mean it was their neighbors who turned
into Isis and did this to them it wasn't
like people from outside it wasn't
people from other countries it was like
the in some cases their next-door
neighbor's in some cases girls were
telling me that their teachers in school
their school teachers like helped to
hold them in in prison as they were
waiting to be sold to Isis fighters it
was basically their Sydney neighbors
that did it to them and it was just
really shocking but I guess it's kind of
typical of most genocides it had a lot
of like there was a lot of things that
were that I've read about like meeting
about the Holocaust for example we're
like what happened in Rwanda we're
neighbors just turn on each other and
just do atrocious things to each other
but was really shocking too is that this
was also ideologically motivated we
often hear of the Middle East about how
Isis is an outcome of like Sydney
marginalization and most people I mean
in faith are not familiar with the
Middle East don't know this but Sunnis
are actually the majority sect in the
Middle East it's the majority Muslim
sect and so they are the majority and
oftentimes and US media it's really
bizarre people basically end up getting
blamed for being minorities if you're
minority from the region they'll say oh
but like they were the minorities we're
marginalizing the majority which it
makes no sense in many ways um so the
Yazidi is basically were this powerless
minority group that actually had zero
power whatsoever and marginalized nobody
and their neighbors turn on them and it
was any a lot it was it was partly
ideologically motivated by by basically
like you know the typical sort of Salafi
Wahabi ideology that has unfortunately
made its way into various communities
across the Middle East thanks in large
part to Saudi money so the CDs were
there more shia is that what i'm that
what you're saying no they use any is
actually their religion predates islam
it it goes way way back it's actually
has some it's like i have some
similarities to luxurious tree ism to
paganism in some cases and it's a very
secretive religion because it's been
person
you did over the centuries this isn't
the first genocide they've experienced
um but at least in modern times it is
but they were basically persecuted
