everybody I'm here with my good friend
comedian Roger Rittenhouse and the
miserable liberal hi everybody
hi Jimmy yay okay you know the the DNC
after they got done screwing over the
progressive installing a corporatist war
monger as their nominee who was bound to
lose to Donald Trump
the only person possibly in the whole
world who could have lost a Donald Trump
they chose him isn't that nice
so Hillary Clinton lost the DNC
immediately responded by becoming more
corporate they screwed over keith
ellison they wouldn't let it progressive
lead the DNC even though they said it
didn't matter who cares who's the
chairman they did it which is more
gaslighting more lying by the DNC the
corporate Democrats and now Tom Perez
who was getting booed all around the
country he went on a unity tour at
Bernie Sanders and they would boo Tom
Perez because everyone knows who he is
you're a liar and a corporatist
and you're not here to help us Tom Perez
is not your friend he's your enemy and
he's working against you he's working
for Wall Street he's not working for you
that's Tom Perez the DNC chair they're
not working for you and what Tom Perez
has threat right now they're having
their unity Commission meeting in Las
Vegas three days and he decided to purge
the party of all the pro Bernie Kratz so
he got rid of anybody who could make a
difference and doesn't sound like unity
that doesn't sound like unity right
sorry before the Rules Committee meets
he gets rid of the people on the Rules
Committee who could change the rules
well here's what it says primary cheater
Donna Brazile among those nominated by
Tom Perez to become DNC delegates so he
nominates 75 people they get to become
super delegates and she sits on the
Rules Committee now the Rules Committee
so you know that rules for the primary
are rigged right what do you mean Jimmy
well they have a thing called
super-delegates what's that that's a
person who gets their vote to count more
than yours more than thousands and
thousands of voters meaning the
Democratic Party doesn't really care
what the voters think they have their
special group of elites who will choose
the nominee for you just like they chose
Hillary Clinton the only person who
could possibly lose to Donald Trump
that's who they are so they there's
supposed to be a lot of rules changes
ones you're supposed to open primaries -
II suppose get rid of super-delegates 3
you're supposed to set debate rules
times call that stuff there's a lot of
stuff that they use to screw over Bernie
in the by the rules and regulations of a
primary that need to be changed and so
Tom Perez on the eve of that got rid of
all the people who wanted to change the
rules in the favor of the people he
installed people who want to help the
elites the plutocrats in the party he
don't want to give power to the people
and debbie Wasserman Schultz has already
admitted this the reason why they have
super-delegates is so somebody like
Hillary Clinton doesn't have to run
against Bernie Sanders she said it's so
the nominee doesn't have to run against
the grassroots candidate meaning we
don't want to hear from our base and
that's what this tells you Tom Perez
doesn't give a about you he only
cares about their donors and Tom Perez
didn't win that seat as chairman of the
Democratic National Committee he was
chosen and who chose him the donors why
did they choose him because he'll do
their bidding he's the he's the Hispanic
they can use as a face of his look and
he's a minority who sells you out to
Wall Street
that's identity politics so he did it
and he installed Donna Brazile on the
Rules Committee and why is that a bad
idea because the wiki leaks revealed
that she was a cheater she was such a
bad cheater they had to fire her from
CNN CNN has more scruples people who pay
Corey Lewandowski for his opinion they
have more scruples than the DNC I don't
know if you remember here's Donna
Brazile getting caught lying to the
WikiLeaks email came out Jordan Chariton
actually read them figured out that
Donna Brazile was lying and cheating and
slipped a question slipped a question
to Hillary Clinton before the debate
with Bernie Sanders on CNN which is I
don't know unethical to say the least
cheating on purpose and then lying about
it
so now Jordan Chariton is gonna confront
her and watch how many ways watch how
many disgustingly disingenuous ways she
tries to not answer these straight
questions and what she's doing is lying
to you
watch Donna do you do you owe the voters
an apology for passing a question for a
town hall offed off excuse me off to the
Hillary Clinton campaign I wish when you
got your facts you read you read the
emails and did read a lot of them well
you clearly did not read my email sir
Democratic National Committee as
Secretary Clinton alluded to tonight was
a victim of a cyber crime you keep
saying that but the email the email was
that you pass it along there's the email
there's the email from time to time I
get the questions in advance it's from
her from Jay Paul Murray to Hillary
Clinton to donna brazil's re from time
to time i get the questions in advance
hi yes it is one she gets asked about
not everyone likes her answer but can
share it can you send her the answer on
the death penalty there you go emails
were stolen from individuals they had no
right being traffic in the public sphere
we've heard this but what about you
passing a question to Hillary Clinton's
campaign the Town Hall before oh now
you're badgering women do you see how
they they hide behind the veil of sexism
that's what they that's their knee-jerk
that's a gutless person with no
integrity sorry to say that about you
Donna but you're revealing yourself
right here you cheated lied and then you
hide behind it you accuse someone of
being a badgering a woman there that's a
pretty disgusting inspect you're all
disgusting you're cheaters and Liars and
you're working against the people go
ahead
especially since she's surrounded by
reporters she knows what her position is
she is a politician I don't see your
gender
when you're talking to reporters I'm
listening to your answers and if you are
being honest and there's everything that
she keeps doing is she's like I'm gonna
change the conversation I'm changing the
conversation I'm gonna change it again
how about another way yes I'm a woman
I'm a what yep here we go
Erna let's ask you a question is
badgering you you've said it on Russia
you past the question Jake Tapper has
also said you past the question do you
have anything to say about first of all
let me let me answer the question
because as much as our respected
journalists all my my political life and
I will respond the questions as I stated
repeatedly that the Democratic Party was
a victim of a cyber crime and I don't
peddle and the what I call the illegal
dumping private emails in the public
sphere that have been altered that have
been in many cases readapted and so none
of those that's all made up she's lying
she's just making up lies to cover her
other lies her lies about cheating and
she's a cheater and a liar
and this is what she does for a living
and why is she cheating and lying is she
cheating and lying to help you know
she's cheating and lying to help herself
cover up the tracks that she was trying
to screw you and Jimmy the guy that wait
hold on the guy that's standing right
beside her he had this expression right
before like I can't believe you're
saying any of this yeah okay I mean this
guy AHA as I as I stated repeatedly and
I'll state it again for the record I
have never been privileged as long as
I've been not just a part of CNN which
let me just say how proud I am Oh she'll
talk about anything except the questions
you just go down a filibuster right now
a contributor for CNN in other news
outlet and no one has ever ever shared
questions with any of us involved in so
that this is her lying she's just lying
right now she's just blatantly lying Tom
Perez says let's get that woman on the
Rules Committee someone who's already
proven to cheat the progressive wing of
the party and lie about it non-stop
let's get her on the chief she'd be a
good
for the Rules Committee it's almost like
Jimmy they want to get rid of
progressives completely so uh Bernie
Sanders I wouldn't know what he's
thinking who knows what he's thinking
you really think you're gonna reform
these there's more to this
do you have proof that it was Russia do
you have proof that it was Russia as
we've stated and the United States
government has also stated and if you
would like a copy of the Department of
Homeland Security and the information
that they released two weeks ago you're
welcome to heaven but I'm sure you have
it yeah they also told us we had WMDs
why should we trust this I'd love what
Jordan looks at the camera
so that's who doubted Brazil is and
she's saying that she's the victim of a
cyber crime so you shouldn't listen to
any of those emails you shouldn't talk
about him you shouldn't even read him
cuz it was private and I was a victim of
a cyber crime so even if it's in there
is the truth well it turns out Donna
thank God for Twitter cuz you
contradicted your own self doesn't
matter truth doesn't care who tells it
if it's Julian Assange or Jordan
Chariton or me or revealed WikiLeaks
email where you were caught lying and
cheating the truth doesn't care who
tells it it was so bad what Donna
Brazile did here's here's how Jake
Tapper Jake Tapper who I kind of liked
and that's his real name not his porn
name here's how he reacted to Donna
Brazile getting caught cheating it's
very very troubling I think this was a
follow-up question that Roland Martin
was going to ask theoretically you know
we wanted to put her in a tough
situation here you support the death
penalty here's somebody who was almost
killed on because of the death penalty
what's what's your reaction to him and
we thought that that was great and then
to find out that somebody was
unethically helping the Clinton campaign
tipping them off is just very very
I have to follow up on that and that is
that that somebody works I would assume
for CNN wow that person was Donna
Brazile well love it but somehow Donna
feels she got a hold of the glass how
did she get it
look I don't know for 100% I know that I
had nothing to do with it my
understanding is that the email to Donna
came from either Roland Martin or
someone around Roland Martin's it was
not with CNN he's with a different
charities with TV Wanda we had partnered
with so my understanding is I see that
he or somebody on his team got that
question to Donna Brazile it was not
part of the CNN listen question look
it's horrifying journalistically it's
horrifying
absolutely and I'm sure that it will
have an effect on Donna Brazile is no
longer with CNN because she's head of
the DNC right now right but I'm sure it
will have some impact on on Donna
Brazile and it's very very upsetting
because people that seem and think it's
very very seriously and to have somebody
who does not take it seriously to have
us partner with that person and then
they do something completely unethical
and share it with Donna Brazile who then
shares it with the Clinton campaign it's
horrifying and very very upsetting and
academic in in no uncertain terms it's
awful okay so that's what Jake Tapper
thinks about it Tom Perez thanks big
deal hey how'd it go on the Rules
Committee why don't you just what you
know what why don't you why don't you
get Bernie Madoff put him on the Rules
Committee - is there anybody who's who's
been exposed as to be a bigger cheater
and liar in politics in the recent
couple of months hey let's get that
person this is what she said about it
she said my job was to make all our
Democratic candidates look good and I
work closely with both campaigns to make
that happen but sending those emails was
a mistake I will forever regret so what
she is really regretting is that she got
caught
she got she's regretting that she
cheated in such an easy way to catch her
that's what she regrets she has a regret
cheating she regrets getting caught
cheating she regrets being so
shitty at it right is that what that is
what is this yeah she regrets sending
the email I regret yes
I don't regret cheating yeah why did I
rob you in front of this ATM camera I
regret robbing you in front of that ATM
to going around the corner so here she
is also being asked about another piece
of corruption and listen to what she
says because what was happening was we
found out that a lot of people who were
donating to the Clinton Foundation that
was actually a quid pro quo you had to
make a donation to the Clinton
Foundation and then you got access to
the Clintons
so I couldn't get a meeting with the
Clintons I couldn't sit next to them at
a gala or a thing but if I made a
donation to their foundation I could get
access those aren't those are known as
bribes
that's called pay to play that's all bad
watch her defendant foundation there was
major news about Secretary Clinton the
sweet newly released emails obtained by
ABC News show that Clinton Foundation
officials looking for invitations for
major donors to State Department events
including a presidential speech
including sitting next to Vice President
Biden do you see any problem with that
coming you know based on what I've seen
I understand that there's a just a new
round of fresh eyes looking at more
emails that might be released I've been
dealing with another situation involving
emails that release private information
that DC yeah that's her think she shifts
to cover I'm dealing with another thing
I don't want to talk about your thing
let's talk about this other thing she's
doing it again she's doing it again and
guess who she's lying to when she does
that
guess who she's obfuscating to when she
does that you she's not lying to Martha
Raddatz she's doing it to you Martha
Raddatz is our representative asking her
a question about corruption at the
highest level and what does she do she
obfuscates and who's she obfuscating to
you she's not a public servant she's a
servant of herself first and the rich
and powerful second and that's it
watch how she defends it has been but I
quit a train well I got a stick with
what I know I'm not an official you know
would answer that conversation and yeah
I got you out of the problem without I
know mingling first of all Martha the
way I look at it I've been a government
official so you know this notion that
somehow another someone supported
someone who's a donor somebody who's an
activist saying I want access I wanna I
want to cut your hair out she did that
real fast someone who's a donor someone
who's the supporters I was an activist
now those are all those are different a
donor and an activist are different if
you give an activist access that's what
you're supposed to do you give a donor
access that's called bribery so she did
you see how she put him all together
there real fast because she's slick
she's a slick Liars even in politics all
her life she been lying her whole life
that's what she does for a living she's
not embarrassed by any of this by the
way she has no it's not embarrassed
whatsoever she's not embarrassed of a
record he's not embarrassed of a record
she's not embarrassed of cheating she's
not embarrassed of looking like this one
asked a direct question she's not
embarrassed that she's caught lying to
you it's an embarrassed by any of it
these people don't give a these
people are empty shells cretins who only
care about self-interest and keeping the
money coming that is it gets worse
somebody who's an activist saying I want
access I want to I want to come into a
room and I want to meet people we often
criminalize behavior that is normal and
it I don't I don't see what the what the
smoke is I understand she called it
normal behavior so what people are
rightfully think is a scandal that
donors are getting special treatment and
act and access at the highest levels of
government after they donate she calls
that normal that's how things work baby
you give us a money we get you a meeting
you get to tell us your problems will do
you a favor you give us some more money
this is how things work this is what
she's saying so Martha Raddatz is
rightfully saying hey we all figured
this out and everybody's kind of
outraged about it and Donna Brazile is
there
tell you no no no this is how things
work but she does it in a disingenuous
lying deceitful way she tries to mix
activists with donors which are not the
same thing in fact they're almost the
opposite
so she's selling access which is what
the Clintons have always done when Bill
Clinton remember the Lincoln Bedroom
scandals if you're old enough to
remember that I do so this is Donna
Brazile lying what do you guys make it
and now she's on the Rules Committee and
now you know now that's all you need to
know about Tom Perez Tom Perez is
working against you Tom Perez is not
your friend
and he's not a Democrat Tom Perez is a
corporatist war mongering oppressor of
the progressives and the workers
that's who Tom Perez is that's who Donna
Brazile is these are self-interested
cretins politics attracts the most
mediocre of people to begin with we get
a guy like Barack Obama who's a mediocre
 buffoon but because he talks
pretty everybody loses their he's
not George Bush that's what these people
are the most mediocre self-interested
scumbags
Jimmy I think what we're seeing yes I
think what we're seeing is and and this
this story is highlighting and examining
how really they are normalizing criminal
behavior that's it it's already on
alized since what the last 40 years and
the Democrats are in charge of it and
the donor class wants somebody like
Donna Brazile in that position and Tom
Perez in that position they want those
people there to keep telling you why do
you care what we're doing this is how it
works what are you worried about this is
normal behavior good Roger well it's
just not it's not even shocking really
anymore I mean this pales to the last
nine months of you know stalking the
pirate ship basically robbed the
Treasury that's mean that's what we have
now
now this isn't any better it still it
still inclusion with robbing the
Treasury for the military yeah real
communist I mean they're part of it
there she's not out raids that they just
decided to give what could have been
free college to everybody to the
military they just gave it to him for
nothing yeah and when I wouldn't vote
for that what I wouldn't endorse that
 people gave me a hard time about it
