hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and high sir paul hi and rob black-owned
is here you can't see him but you can
hear him hello so this young lady ahead
to Mimi has been in the news a lot she's
a Palestinian and here's a picture of
her brother was recently killed by a
tear gas canister I don't know if you
can see there's a rifle coming out of an
armored vehicle a rifle there it is the
muzzle and then there is the canister
you're not supposed to shoot it at
someone's head that's four by the way a
long-range rifle to shoot canisters long
range this guy's like five feet from the
thing they shoot a right his head kill
him Wow because he was a threat to them
because he's throwing rocks at people in
an armored vehicle so he was a threat so
in order to keep the peace they had to
kill a guy I had a killer guy a bunch of
occupiers and so this young lady is
famous for standing up to them here's a
little bit here's a little that's her
that's her as a 12 year old girl so
that's her that's what she does because
she lives in an occupied - open-air
prison
she lives in an occupied territory it's
been occupied her whole life she's been
living like that her whole life and well
here's a little bit more about her well
let's do this here's how the Guardian
talks about it I had as a member of the
second generation of Palestinians who
grew up under occupation her father
bassam was born in 1967 the year Israel
seized the West Bank East Jerusalem Gaza
and the Golan Heights in the six-day war
children have known only a life of
checkpoints identity papers detentions
house demolitions intimidation
humiliation and violence
this is their normal kids grown-up Sally
noticed military occupation by an
oppressive force the family is their
home is an area see the 62% of the West
Bank that is under Israeli military
control their village Nabi Saleh has
been the scene of frequent protests
since Israeli settlers appropriated the
local spring a decade ago the Sima and
his wife nerimon and other members of
the family have often been at the
forefront stones have been thrown by
protesters Israel forces have responded
with tear gas rubber bullets water
cannons and sometimes live ammunition at
least two villagers including Ahead's
uncle Rushdie have been killed hundreds
injured and at least 140 people detained
or imprisoned among them Bassam and
their Normand several times meaning that
her parents I had has grown up in the
environment when I asked her how often
she had experienced tear gas she laughed
saying she couldn't count the times she
described military raids on her family
home military radar could be engineer a
kid and the military razor house
imagine that you're a kid she described
military raids on the family home I
observed a head and her brothers as over
and over again they watched footage of
their parents being arrested and their
uncle writhing on the ground after being
shot four years ago alongside the
fledgling activists who insisted to me
she was not frightened four years ago a
long slide the alongside the fledgling
activists who insisted to me she was not
frightened of the armed soldiers she
passed every day there was a little girl
anxious about being photographed in her
military Watchtower
and who according to her parents
sometimes shouted out in her sleep and
woke up sobbing a head's experiences are
echoed in the lives of hundreds of
thousands of children in the West
Bank in Gaza such a brutal context for
children for childhood can shape
attitudes for a lifetime
Frank rowney of former child protection
specialist for UNICEF in the Palestinian
territory said that he had observed the
intergenerational trauma of those
growing up under occupation the ongoing
conflict the deterioration of the
economy and social environment the
increase in violence this all impacts
heavily on children children form a
ghetto mentality and lose hope for their
future which fuels a cycle of despair at
12 I had told me she wanted to become a
lawyer when she grew up so she could
fight for Palestinian rights and at 16
she could be facing a long prison
sentence because she's just been
arrested her story is not just about one
child but a generation two generations
without hope and security tragically and
unforgivably the same bleak prospects
could await a third of third generation
so she has kids her kids are gonna grow
up under occupation with soldiers and
settlers taking their water taking their
streams taking their land occupying them
checkpoints second-class citizens so
here's a little video actually she did I
want to show that to you so let's watch
it
[Music]
[Music]
the Sabbath of Bihar
my food on tape so they can see the
ocean the kids can see the ocean it's
only 30 minutes away they're not allowed
to go to the ocean unless they get
Israel's permission
[Music]
about Korean wanted to have you see how
LM stopping at a good mechanic like
himself on the arm
oh my god are we superb holiday today la
de Jerez metallic Rea dr. Ehrman Madame
30 shirahama Restylane or hedges it's a
card
Anna sorry mr. Hamid Arabic Allah
protect ear no finished album nonononono
I love a sexy Romana terrible affair
they did Olivia did a bit back of the
way it was really really scary you what
the doctor said
can you eat this with that balance
syllabus so I don't know if you could
read that but she said when she was
little and she were going to the street
to play soldiers would start shooting
[Music]
the column will host a column in Dillon
Jennifer Barretta
historical novel every day and the Moshe
rocket lab said the Virgin and the Omega
one found a sharpie
who was it a dream Quadra were had their
assessment occurred at relevant push for
were giant axel Kouta and I'm Raja had a
mush Kelly Pitts was
my paternal cinnamon Raja no Yemen in
sahaja yoga
one examines in America
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Ilana and Friday
Shui Shui PO watts of the sign for so
we're the unscented camera likes them
separately - it's a cute idea
my wife was arrested five times
[Music]
this time Omega not a machinist over
like no tomorrow me for Hal Linden
Motorhead Metallica yeah you know
Patrick a story too long Akali Ellen
Burstyn America channel :
[Music]
select evening
[Music]
the super silica be anonymous
that include and purchased anonymously
round
[Music]
and yet
[Music]
but na bakke ramen no estimated momentum
yes sir I'll a home and how cool azimuth
Lesotho
okay so uh I wanted to play that whole
thing so you got a good taste of who she
is and what it's like to grow up under
occupation and now I want to show you
how Newsweek covered her so here's how
Newsweek covered her despite her age I
had to Mimi has a long history of
assault against police and soldiers
there reminds me when that cop that
races cop in Ferguson Missouri executed
Mike Brown shot him from 30 feet away
1015 times from 30 feet away shot him
and then the headline was Mike Brown was
no no angel remember that that's what
this is there's you there's your Mick
resistance there's your resistance huh
that's unbelievable
that's new that's Newsweek so now you
know why people get their news from
YouTube and not Newsweek so by
the way I followed this juh Mendte and I
love what you meant I had to say about
it said editor I need a story a headline
that makes a criminal a lot of a child
living under a violent military
occupation writer I got you this is a
good tweet Israeli soldiers killed our
heads cousin I'm sorry that was her
cousin not her brother I said at the top
of this news report that it was her
brother was her cousin Israeli soldiers
killed Ahead's cousin Musab today shot
her cousin mohammad in the head two
weeks ago killed her cousin rusty in
2012 and killed her cousin Mustafa in
2011 but news weeks
the Israeli occupation is the victim Wow
so and we just featured Jake Tapper
telling you that anybody who highlights
the problems of an illegal occupation by
the Israeli government is anti-semitic
and should be dismissed
that's what Jake Tapper at CNN did Jake
Tapper at CNN after the whole world
condemned Trump and Israel after the
whole world did the UN did Jake Tapper
decided to do a whole segment to show
you that the people condemning Israel
and Trump for moving the capital
Jerusalem and ending any chance for
peace Jake Tapper did a segment to let
you know that they're right that Trump
is right and Netanyahu is right and the
soldiers are right and the occupation is
right because anybody who said anything
about it Jake Tapper smeared them go
look at the video I did it's one of the
most disgusting things I've ever seen
and and it's not just horrible Jake
Tapper pretend journalists propagandists
of the highest order who gets paid
thirty forty thousand dollars a day to
misinform you they're all doing it you
think they're gonna tell you the truth
about Israel's occupation at the MSNBC
or the Washington Post or the New York
Times they are not remember all the
stories they run in the Washington Post
New York Times you know what it's like
growing up like a kid in Palestine in
under an occupation remember all those
stories they ran I don't remember it I
don't know well if they did we'd
probably live in a different country or
at least you would hope so if they did
an honest profile like the one we just
watched mm-hmm because you know this
actually reminder and you know I don't
mean to like mix issues but I remember
when Iraq was first vamping up mm-hmm I
think I mean when they were ramping up
the war against Iraq yes I remember I
think it was actually MTV of all places
which I
something like this would happen today
but back then they did a think where
they followed an Iraqi teenager
throughout the whole thing like it would
interview him in before we started
bombing basically he was just a normal
kid he showed everybody his room he was
into some of the same music I liked and
all this other stuff and then they would
like follow up with him as violence
escalated and he'd be like crying he'd
be scared and I remember just being like
this is this is just a guy like me like
he should be he should be going to
school and trying to date and do him
whatever and he's hiding and fearful for
his life this is so why would we ever do
something like war this is disgusting
and man if if honest assessments like
the video we just watched were more
prevalent in our corporate media you'd
like to think we would have different
policies in this country and instead of
nonsensical headlines like what Newsweek
just did that's it's it's just Newsweek
Jake Tapper it's why people it's why we
have a show and it makes me so angry at
the establishment news media and the
fact that anybody would ever want their
approval is just mind-blowing to me that
anybody would fight to get on those
shows is mind-blowing to me I want to be
part of the corporate propaganda I want
to help somehow whatever little way I
can I want to help increase ratings at a
 corporate news station why
would you want to do that I know for
money that's where I've forgotten that's
right there's money in it that's why
right that's what it is so Steph you
taught school for many years you were a
great teacher and what do you what do
you think the effect of a kid growing up
like that in an occupation is seeing her
her cousin's shot in the head
her other cousin killed
and she you know she goes up to these
soldiers who are occupying her her town
what is she supposed to do I mean I
wonder what that you know the psychology
of that has got to be amazing you know I
got pulled over one time by some cops
who were in LA when I
first moved here so I was a young guy
and I wasn't doing nothing and they
thought I was buying crack and they
pulled me over with their guns out with
their guns out me with their guns out
now immediately in my head one of those
guys fingers slipped they're gonna find
the gun in my car that's what I know
they shoot me they're gonna find a gun
in my car and they were dicks to me they
turned everything out of my car upside
down inside out looking for drugs
because they want to put me in prison
cuz I'm a threat to the society and
these guys don't have a thinking brain
selling their heads they are
robots who are there to oppress you and
they did they oppressed me that night
they humiliated me in public they made
me feel like and for weeks
I couldn't sleep right for weeks I had
this burning anger inside of me
and I couldn't get over the fact that
I'm a privileged white guy I'm a
privileged well I didn't go to prison
they didn't arrest me that night they
let me go I'm white and I was driving my
roommates BMW I was white and they let
me they still after with me but they let
me go now just imagine everyday your
life you got to go through a checkpoint
soldiers a kid a baby kid for know her
earliest memory soldiers uh and now
she's arrested they arrested her so now
she's arrested because she stands up to
soldiers I kill their cousins go ahead I
just want to you know watching this
story it's it's depressing it's
overwhelming and it's it's tragedy in
motion
and I think you know when you pointed
out you know that I would be a when I
was a high school teacher you know I
would be faced with different challenges
because when you have an issue like this
like what you're supposed to be doing it
in the classroom is you connect
literature with real events right that's
why it's supposed to be deeper and has
greater resonance and meaning and that
it's just not a book with characters but
it has a deeper meaning to it and in
Romeo and Juliet you have two households
both alike in dignity in fair Verona
where we lay our scene so you have two
homes two households and they have been
in a constant war they don't even
remember what the war is about any
longer or the feud rather and so when
you see this this young person trying to
thrive in a world of war and how do you
not feel despair and when I saw her
kicking and slapping the JNA of the
soldiers it's like you know the soldiers
now to me and police are now a huge
symbol of oppression
yeah and brutalization brutal is that
yes all that inequality oppression
brutalization military might occupation
every horrible thing you can think of
they're despots and you know there's
nothing you can't do anything you get
what she has no nothing recourse no
recourse none the whole world just voted
against them the whole world just said
this was horrible and CNN and Jake
Tapper Oh tell you the whole world is
effed up and Trump and Netanyahu are
right
that's CNN and Jake Tapper will tell you
that what world that's the same CNN it's
gonna tell you we should bomb Iraq and
we should bomb Syria we should bomb
Afghanistan and we should bomb Libya and
we should bomb Yemen and we should bomb
this year that's the same CNN it'll tell
you that they'll also tell you that
Trump and Netanyahu right that's what
they did
is this who hired Lewandowski hired
Lewandowski but then they pretend
they're the resistance Jake Tapper is so
upset at Donald Trump's tweets so this
is her cousin Mustafa
shot in the head at point-blank range
against regulations and every military
you're not supposed to do that and of
course there's nothing gonna happen in
those soldiers and that guy's dead
so it's horribly tragic but that's the
world we live in now and we don't have a
media that's gonna tell you the truth
about it so we'll tell you the truth
about it as much as best we can assess
it here
and that's all anything else anybody
it's just it's just depressing it's sad
that's who that girl is so you're gonna
hear a lot of stuff in the news that's
who she is
and that's what's happening and now in
America they're trying to make it
illegal for you to protest that our
bought government now is trying to make
it illegal for us to protest that
[Music]
