hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm gonna play a video of me from
last year somebody else made this on the
internet they sliced it together
Johnny PI from The Young Turks and I
Johnny PI who I always remind people is
very funny that guy could have been a
good improv comedian anyway I love doing
the shows on Young Turks with Johnny and
we had a little friendly debate about
Hillary Clinton and somebody spliced it
together and I thought it was
interesting because of what I'm gonna
talk about next so let's watch a little
bit of this it's like watching the
six-year-old try to do so and
sisters funny it's just ridiculous it's
it's barely worth talking about
what's really worth talking about is
that we actually have to take this guy
seriously because what the Democrats of
corporate America did is by putting
Hillary Clinton on the ballot so yeah so
we decided to go against the clown like
this with the most unpopular politician
in the history of the world wait
absolutely decided to go again I will
correct one thing we didn't do that and
half the Democratic Party said oh no the
remember that woman who was too corrupt
and voted for the Iraq war that we
didn't want 8 years ago now I bet she's
way better even though she's doing way
more horrible that's what we talked
about here all the time right how
incompetent he is yeah but you're still
afraid of him I'm not afraid of him you
don't I'm afraid of I'm afraid of people
that Henry Kissinger are okay with I'm
afraid of someone who John Negroponte II
is okay with I'm afraid of someone who
george w bush calls his cousin that's
who i'm afraid of not even top attic
piece of like donald trump is
irrelevant if he tries to and Deportes 1
million or 2 million that will be one of
the worst things that will ever happen
in american history regardless breaking
up tens of millions what do you family
what do you think's happening right now
if you believe fusions reporting which i
dude Barack Obama has deported more
Hispanics that all that presidents
combined since 1/8 I agree what should
be scary is that Hillary Rodham Clinton
is called for a no-fly zone in Syria
which means too much I agree that don't
support it that's why so he's already
destabilized the Middle East and set the
table for World War three and you're
still worried about somebody else yeah
 crazy she she was full-throated
support of an illegal immoral
a war and war cries I just can't sit
there and pretend like Donald Trump is
as scary as everybody else thinks he is
and I'm not gonna vote out of fear and
I'm not gonna let the Hillary's ask you
to campaign everybody I think those are
on any number of issues to the to
Hillary Clinton than you are to Donald
Trump oh that has no emotion in it
that's simply a recognition that is
crazy
you were also four months talking about
how he will be the rise of American
fascism how he could be the end of
American democracy I've changed my mind
because of the great reporting the Young
Turks have done and especially in this
loser Donald segment that you guys do
and no one should be afraid of this guy
and the only reason anybody is afraid of
them is because we decided to stick our
heads up our asses and nominate
the most hated politician in the history
of the goddamn country who he is corrupt
well he's not in the bait he is still
far more hated than her they're both
extremely he's not a politician he's a
game show host so he's a politician now
because he has like a thirty to forty
percent chance of winning the presidency
family members being ripped away from
them and sent below the the south of the
border look now happening right now
within that happening right now look and
we've criticized Obama any number of
times for his deportation policy did you
know the majority of women in America
aren't going to vote for Hillary Clinton
did you know that I didn't - that's that
that's a fact I also that's an
interesting fact that's worthy of
coverage but I don't understand how it
changes the calculus between those two
candidates these are super interesting
facts though dare you I don't think she
could lift the pickle jar literally all
those three things by you even saying
I'm glad she kills people say what
whatever um look I looked over and I
mean there's their stuff about some of
the gaps okay whatever I don't know why
she did that whoever put that together
so basically that was fun that was a
funny thing Johnny and I did and I'd
loved it I loved being on with Johnny I
wish I could be on him more Michael sure
Brenda the chef friend of the show
Michael sure makes me laugh too so
anybody who makes me laugh is OK in my
book seriously
so why did I play that for you because I
don't know if you remember I was saying
I'm not afraid of Donald Trump as much
as everyone wants me to be I don't want
to vote out of fear and you guys did all
this loser Donald segments which they
did they were fantastic and it convinced
me that Donald Trump wasn't incompetent
and he probably wouldn't be able to get
stuff done he'd probably shoot himself
in the foot before he got out of bed in
the morning which he does he tweets at
4:00 in the morning a that gets him
in trouble before he gets out of bed in
the morning so and he's splitting all
these are the Senators Republican
senators are turning against him and he
hasn't well according to this is Kyle
Griffin he's a producer for the last
word with lawrence O'Donnell stop the
hammering and he says this is him nine
months in with unified control of
government Republicans have failed to
pass a single significant piece of
legislation into law
I wonder what stupid jagoff YouTube show
predicted that people go what about what
about the Supreme Court that's normal
Republican stuff we already had a Scalia
we've already had Rehnquist we already
have all these right-wingers on that we
already they already dude that's just
regular people we're making the case
that you can't vote for Donald Trump
because he is a uniquely dangerous
threat isn't that what they were saying
I'm here with the miserable liberal and
I'm here with Rob black on hello I am
miserable no isn't that what they were
saying they were saying that Donald
Trump was a uniquely dangerous threat
which is why you can't vote third party
this time normally you could vote third
party if it was a regular Republican
like Mitt Romney or John McCain or
George Bush but you can't do it this
time because Donald Trump Trump is an
existential threat to our democracy and
he's a fat he's all this stuff and so
you saw what I said I said you guys are
doing these loser Donald sorry I used it
in confident I don't think he'll be able
to get stuff done you've heard me make
that cut that a lot of places well here
we are are so again I could have been
wrong about that he could have got a
good chief of staff decided to listen to
his chief of staff and then worked with
the Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell and
God I could have been wrong about that
that was just me you know not wanting to
vote out of fear
and making the most logical conclusion
well if this guy isn't incompetent what
are you so afraid of then we'll be able
to fight back at him do you want to
elect Hillary Clinton and then in four
years we get a really competent
right-wing ideologue maniac fascist with
an even bigger Republican majority in
the Senate and the Congress and
Democrats wiped out even farther in the
houses this is what we're talking about
people forget there wasn't just one
election in your lifetime you have to
think beyond one election cycle because
if you don't you get Trump and if you
don't get that I don't you're gonna
you're gonna if you don't get that you
will forever be congratulating yourself
for voting for a corporatist war monger
who's anti-worker
you know I want to go back to this tweet
right now where it says Donald Trump is
saying do not underestimate the unity
within the Republican Party so let's be
perfectly clear they are pretty unified
even though flake came out and corker
cares go vote weren't they all in
lockstep to screw over Americans to vote
for that bank bill so now you can't sue
banks when they defraud you because all
the Republicans unified and voted to
deny United citizens United States
citizens the ability to sue banks when
they commit fraud against them that's
literally what they did so your
government is now actively and openly
working against you it's not just Barack
Obama when he bailed out the equity firm
that was inflating rental prices on his
way off the door Barack Obama did that
so he made it harder for foreigners and
he made it harder for first-time
homebuyers that's the government working
with private companies to screw the
citizen that's fast ism Barack Obama did
it and now Donald Trump and the
Republicans are doing it your government
has been working against you for quite a
long time so let's good I was gonna add
you know you talk about voting in fear
so going back to the primary you know I
at first was really fearful of the idea
of a Donald Trump I was like this guy is
a loose cannon this sounds insane when
he speaks to the fact that he's on this
platform is nuts I never would have
predicted this I never thought people
would take him seriously but then after
the primary ended I kind of
collected on the whole thing and and you
know putting the dnc the fact that they
did not hold an honest primary aside
just setting that aside I know a lot of
people that never really voted for
Hillary Clinton they voted against
Donald Trump they let their fur nice
great but I'm so trump is so scary we
got it and I'm like that completely
defeats the purpose of a primary and I
didn't do that but seeing that happen I
was just like well this is what happens
when you vote out of fear and so after
that I was like well I'm never gonna
vote out of fear ever ever again
and I pulled the lever for Jill Stein
good for you Steph I had I had a little
I had a bit of fear even posting
anywhere that I was gonna vote for Jill
Stein that was no kidding you know
people would attack you yes they went in
so wet okay but you know I want to go
back to the other point that you brought
up Jimmy about President Obama
supporting more people right than any
other president and some private
detention centers to do it by the way
and these private detention centers are
nightmare are awful for children
especially in Barack Obama and that
didn't shock Michelle Obama to her core
you know that doesn't shock her only
when Donald Trump says dirty things
about your vagina it doesn't shock her
to record that Barack Obama's putting
little kids in detention private prisons
she was grandstanding almost got me feel
like she's she's a I don't know
completely full of what she is
Michelle Obama is completely full of
 I'll say it I've said she is she's
completely fly no she seems nice she's
not and I just wanted you know I just
remember this one conversation that we
had where people were saying oh yes I
have an employee and they have their
brother who's already in a detention
center already Trump get all ready
before Trump was a riskless president
people were saying that my cousins in a
detention center right now if you vote
for Tripp who put that that was Obama is
Trump a nightmare for immigrants yes
guess who else was Barack Obama yes he
did not deserve to Porter in chief so
let me earn that that you're a correct
Braun so let me get to the rest of the
segment so he tweets that out Kyle
Griffin producer for the last word got a
blue check he's very important sure he's
a nice person he gets lots of wrong
but he didn't get this one wrong
good for you Kyle good for you he got a
lot of pushback right away people said
stuff like this there they've got it
every program that affects our health
education and environment anyway
that's what that's what people were
saying back to him and then people go
have you checked out the hearing that
was just announced to make restrictions
on abortions tire so these are people
pushing back against Kyle saying look at
all the horrible stuff to doing
yes that's regular horrible stuff that's
regular horrible Republican stuff
they've always done that stuff every
time there's a Republican president they
do that stuff
there's no different so the remember the
argument was Trump was uniquely
dangerous
Kyle pointed out he hasn't gotten any
major pieces of legislation done every
time he puts a travel ban on they block
it in the courts and every time he tries
to repeal Obamacare he can't do it and
now we just did a story last week
Trump's budget chief said that Trump is
actually gonna fund Obamacare so the
people go Supreme Court and judges again
that's regular right-wing regular
Republican president stuff a reg
Republican so we already had Scalia
we've already took it so just keep that
in mind so and that's what the Democrats
count on by the way the reason Barack
Obama didn't make sure he appointed that
Supreme Court justice which
constitutionally he was supposed to do
the reason why he didn't make the
Republicans pay a price for that was
because Barack Obama knew that they were
going to use that as leverage to beat
the Republican in the fall hey if you
vote Republicans a new Hillary Clinton
was gonna be the nominee and they knew
that half the country hated her this is
back from 2008 they all knew that the
Republicans were dying to go up against
Hillary Clinton in an election because
they knew they could beat her that's
what Barack Obama said in 2008 by the
way that's a quote from Barack Obama so
that's why Barack Obama didn't push to
get his Supreme Court nominee sat they
were using it as a blackmail yes so that
you would vote for Hillary Clinton and
guess what didn't work
so that's Barack Obama's failing that we
have a Republican on the Supreme Court
that's Barack Obama's failing
and and by the way Democrats voted for
the gorsek anyway right so by the way so
this is from current affairs is Trump
actually failing though while the
president fixates on Russia and the
Obamacare Fiasco the executive branch
perpetuates horrors so this is current
affairs saying he's not really failing
and they and they show you what he did
this is what this is from current
affairs this is all the stuff that
Trump's getting done confirming hard
right Justice Neil gorsek regular
Republican stuff approving the Keystone
pipeline Barack Obama almost did that
that's regular Republican stuff Hillary
Clinton probably would have lifting a
ban on military gear for local police
that's bipartisan cancelling hundreds of
Obama regulations any Republican would
do this stuff any Republican would have
done that
introducing a policy to remove federal
grants from sanctuary cities any
Republican would have done that stuff
rolling back limits on drone strikes uh
I'll say bipartisan there that's why if
you want to say Republican go ahead I'll
say bipartisan I know
privatizing national parks increasing
the use of local sheriff's or
immigration enforcement
maybe that's but that's regular
Republican stuff that's regular
Republican stuff hastening oil and gas
line permits regular Republican stuff
plus Reebok Obama did all that stuff to
remember Barack Obama listed there
lifted the restrictions from exporting
fossil fuels from the United States
which is why we have pipelines all over
the freakin place now because of Barack
Obama privatizing VA medical services
regular Republican stuffs selling off
the United States strategic oil reserve
at low low prices regular Republican
stuff and cutting federal funding from
Planned Parenthood do all this stuff am
I wrong about this am i right you're
right I probably this is from current
affairs magazine probably the most
frightening Trump administration success
this is where they're trying to scare
you has occurred at the EPA where
secretary scott pruett has been scraping
scrapping regulations by the Dozen in an
outstanding burst of activity Pruitt has
moved to undo delay or otherwise blocked
more than 30 environmental rules a
regulatory rollback larger in scope then
other over such a short time in the
agency's 47 year history again regular
Republican stuff they would be doing by
passing senior agency officials and
consulting with industry lobbyists and
lobbyists instead Pruitt has been a
highly efficient servant of the
corporate interests so is Barack Obama
so is everybody so is the goddamn whole
goddamn government which is why we don't
have a functioning healthcare system or
a functioning financial system because
Barack Obama was corrupt he has
begun to undo the clean power plan
delayed a rule requiring fossil fuel
companies to stop methane leaks to move
was temporarily blocked by a federal
court pushed back a requirement designed
to prevent chemical spills and
explosions and reversed a ban on
pesticides linked to nerve damage among
children and you know what you're
supposed to do when they do stuff like
that you're supposed to stick it to them
and kill them at the ballot box next
time but the Democrats aren't gonna well
I'm sitting here Jimmy and I'm listening
to this list and I'm thinking to myself
wow if only the Democrats could actually
come together and fight for the people
maybe she would have maybe a real
Democrat would have gotten into office
so one more part of this the Trump
administration has eliminated the stream
protection rule which provides which
prohibits coal companies from dumping
waste and streams and CNN recently
reported that within hours of meeting
with a mining company CEO EPA head scott
pruett
directed his staff to withdrawal a plan
to protect the watershed watershed of
Bristol Bay Alaska one of the most
valuable wild salmon fisheries on earth
oh my god why would that is so horrible
that that's oh that's something only a
Republican would do doing something like
that to our pristine wildlife oh oh oh
I'm forgot this though Obama's dirty
secret the fossil fuel project the u.s.
littered around the world what is this
through the export-import bank the Obama
administration has spent nearly thirty
four billion dollars on dirty energy
plants in countries from India to
Australia to South Africa
wait a minute Jimmy are you telling me
that the Republicans and the Democrats
are both
awful yes I'm telling you that they're
both corrupt to the hilt to the hilt
through and that's why you both third
party so the whole point was you
couldn't vote for this that's right you
couldn't vote for Trump you couldn't
vote third party when you couldn't vote
third party because of Trump well I'm
showing you right now how stupid that
was well when it came to environmental
issues so Hillary Clinton was the better
option she used to go around the world
telling people not to do fracking right
well she did the exact opposite very
funny you're very very funny run through
