hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guests with a Sam
trip believe from the tinfoil hat
podcast is here hi Sam how are you now
you got a live date coming up in San
Francisco
Live Nation presents the tinfoil hat
comedy night it's at Cobbs tomb first in
San Francisco and then June 2nd the next
night at the Sacramento punchline Trump
tweeted this out last on May 18th
reports are are there was indeed at
least one FBI representative implanted
for political purposes into my campaign
for president it took place very early
on and long before the phony Russia hoax
became a hot fake news story of true
all-time biggest political scandal so
they say that an FBI representative was
implanted for political purposes that's
what Trump is saying that's the
President of the United States making a
public statement saying that well let's
look into it this is from Glenn
Greenwald over at the intercept the FBI
informant who monitored the Trump
campaign Stephane Halper oversaw a CIA
spying operation in the 1980
presidential election so this guy this
is this guy staphon helper so he worked
for Nixon and he was very close to
George Herbert Walker Bush and he spied
on the Carter campaign for the
Republicans well here four decades ago
helper was responsible for a
long-forgotten spying scandal involving
the 1980 election in which Reagan
campaign using CIA officials managed by
helper reportedly under the direction of
former CIA director and then vice
presidential candidate George Herbert
Walker Bush got caught running a spy
operation from inside the Carter
Administration now if you that very they
would say you're a conspiracy theorist
if for saying this this fact right again
the moon landing being faked is a
conspiracy theory the CIA and the
government lying to you non-stop as fact
okay alright the plot involved CIA
operatives passing classified
information about Carter's foreign
policy to Reagan campaign officials in
order to ensure the reagan campaign knew
of any foreign policy decisions that
Carter was considering so this sounds
like the deep state CIA getting involved
with trying to swing an electric
election this is what they're now
accusing Twitter BOTS from Russia doing
somehow they swung Lila but literally
here we are we have the CIA literally
doing this and well in response the
Department of Justice and the FBI's
various media spokespeople did not deny
the core accusation but quibbled with
the language the FBI used an informant
not a spy this is about the Trump
administration and then they began using
increasingly strident language to warn
that exposing his name would jeopardize
his life and those of others and also
put America's national security at grave
risk so when it became known that this
happened that the FBI put a guy inside
the Trump campaign to try to spy on them
they started saying you better not
release his name to have news media
better not release his name because if
you do that's a crime and people are
gonna die because of it right and well
here we go on May 8th the Washington
Post described the informant as they
quote a top secret intelligence source
and cited Department of Justice
officials as arguing that disclosure of
his name could risk the lives by
potentially exposing the source a US
citizen who has provided intelligence to
the CIA and FBI so
they're trying to by the way Glenn
Greenwald and other people at the Daily
Caller was able to figure out who this
guy was very easily so it wasn't like
they were really keeping it secret so
the New York Times The Washington Post
wrote short stories about this they
didn't name helper but they gave every
piece of evidence you could possibly
want and anybody who knows anything
about him or anything would know exactly
who it was they did they did they knew
who it was and so that's and so Glenn
writes about this like why what it's
suspicious that they're trying to cover
up who he was so uh helpers history is
quite troubling particularly his central
role in the scandal in 1980 election
equally troubling are the Department of
Justice and the FBI is highly
inflammatory and at best misleading
claims that they made to try to prevent
helpers identity from being reported so
now they're lying so now again the FBI
and the Department of Justice are lying
to you the citizen about meddling in a
presidential election and they're lying
about keeping that guy's identity secret
sources identified Stephon helper okay a
helper a campaign aide involved in
providing 24-hour news updates and
policy ideas to the traveling regen
party that's what he did back in 1980 as
the person in charge helper is now 73
had also worked with Donald Rumsfeld
Dick Cheney and Alexander Haig as part
of the Nixon administration that's some
more so you know who this guy is and in
1980 the Washington Post published an
article reporting on the extremely
unusual and quite aggressive involvement
of the CIA in the 1980 presidential
campaign quote simply put no
presidential campaign in recent memory
perhaps ever has attracted as much
support from the intelligence community
as the campaign of former CIA director
George Bush
that also happened this past time we did
stories on it how Hadley the guy from
the CIA has come out publicly endorsing
Hillary Clinton you remembered this we
did that story and he said he's breaking
protocol to do this because it's so
important we keep Donald Trump out
because they were afraid Donald Trump
was gonna be anti-establishment turns
out he's not at all but they were afraid
he might be so look what they did there
so they did that so that's back in 1980
that's the deep state being involved in
a presidential election and they say we
need to worry about Russia screwing with
our elections and here it is our own
intelligence community screwing over the
blue will of the American people to
begin with the New York Times reported
in December of last year that the FBI
investigation into possible tests so
there's lots of questions surrounding
why they lied the timeline of when this
actually happened and why the news
agencies are covering up for him to
begin with the New York Times reported
in December of last year that the FBI
investigation into possible ties between
the Trump campaign and Russia began when
George papadopolis drunkenly boasted to
an Australian diplomat about Russian
Russian dirt on Hillary Clinton it was
the disclosure of this episode by the
Australians that quote led the FBI to
open an investigation in July 2016 into
Russia's attempts to disrupt the
election and whether any of president
Trump's associated conspired with
conspired the New York Times claimed but
now it seems clear that Helpers attempt
to gather information for the FBI began
before that the professor's interactions
with Trump advisors began a few weeks
before the opening of the investigation
when page met the professor at the
British symposium while it is not rare
for the FBI to gather information before
formally opening an investigation
helpers earlier snooping does call into
question the accuracy of the New York
Times claimed that it was the drunken
Papadopoulos ramblings that first
prompted the FBI's interest into these
possible connections so let's back up
just a second so the guy who we know was
involved in a scandal spying on the
Carters campaign who by the way was
president and then gave that classified
information to another campaign that guy
should be in prison that guy should be
in prison and made an example of so that
never happens again I'm guessing that
happens all the time now and we're only
know about it now cuz Trump so and then
also why did the New York Times claim
the timeline wrong why did they well
because they're stenographers to power
and they just say whatever the
intelligence agencies tell them and
Glenn says it also suggests that the CIA
operatives apparently working with at
least some factions within the FBI we're
trying to gather information about the
Trump campaign earlier that have been
previously reported whatever else is
true the CIA operative and the FBI
informant used to gather information on
the Trump campaign in the 2016 campaign
has for weeks been falsely depicted as a
sensitive intelligent asset rather than
what he actually is a longtime CIA
operative with extensive links to the
Bush family who was also responsible for
a dirty and likely illegal spying
operation in the 1980 presidential
election and that's why they were
covering up for him that's why they were
threatening people you better not ever
release this guy's name because if they
did release that guy's name we'd know
that that guy's dirty we know that guy's
a dirty spy who already spied on one
presidential campaign illegally for that
reason it's easy to understand why many
people in Washington were so desperate
to conceal his identity but that
desperation had nothing to do with the
lofty and noble concerns for national
security they claimed were motives so
they're lying again and you know who
else was helping lying was a Mark Warner
who's who's a senator Democratic Senator
Mark Warner the top Democrat on the
selatan
Senate the top Democrat and the Senate
Intelligence Committee warns that it's
potentially illegal to identify an FBI
source in an attempt to undercut the
Russia probe so he's trying to scare
people into letting you know that this
is all BS that's a that's a senator the
head of the intelligence ranking
Democrat on the Intelligence Committee
is again lying and gaslighting the pair
can people at the behest of the of the
deep state and what did I say
immediately after supporting at or
torturing war criminal to head the US
intelligence agency the CIA mark Warner
is worried about things being
potentially illegal so there you go
I don't know how other people are
reporting this but everything looks just
as scummy as you could possibly think
guess who's just as scummy as Donald
Trump the CIA and the FBI yeah oh really
are you surprised the CIA the CIA let's
remember who they are they're a group of
people who murder rape and overthrow
democratically elected governments
before breakfast what's not to like
about them
so have you seen I don't know if you've
seen reporting on this run has anybody
else seen because this is a kind of a
complicated story and it's hard to
understand and so of course most people
don't know what the hell is actually
going on and they just see that oh
they're they they want to out an
informant that this is what the
headlines they see they don't know nor
people have they don't have the time a
or B the inclination and C they don't
they don't just accept my jumping-off
point is the government is lying because
they always are and I just have to
figure out why and we're so and so again
there was an article we covered this
there was an article in January of 2017
I think it was in rolling
stone and it was warning the news media
to not do BS against Donald Trump and to
lay off the Russia thing because if it
turns out to be bupkis then you've lost
all your credibility with people well
this is what's definitely what's
happening is exactly what's happening
they keep lying
the FBI's lying the CIA is lying the
newspapers are covering for them the the
government officials are also
gaslighting Americans and covering for
them but but we're the conspiracies
we've but then CNN would call us the
conspiracy theorists even though right
there there's the CIA the FBI doing a
conspiracy I don't know if you have I
don't have anything else to say I just
wanted to make people aware of this go
ahead save and this may you know who
looks even worse now Hillary Clinton
think about this she basically camp
hand-picked her opponent you remember
that email kind of here are the three
people we want to hide Piper's the
strategy right yes so she picks the
three people all right then she's got
the media on her side now she's got the
intelligence and she's spying on him
yeah which is the equivalent of being
able to hang out if you're playing
football you can hang on the other teams
huddle right knowing what place they're
running and you still lose weight guys
we need we need to uphold the integrity
of the intelligence agencies here and be
fair okay he was not spying he was an
informant now what an informant does is
that they they infiltrate somewhere and
they tell the intelligence agencies what
they see haha what a spy does is all the
above but they have the name James by
this isn't larger to veinte that's the
same thing I mean like we've been I mean
it's multiple plants on Trump now here's
another thing if they had gotten
anything in those wiretapping 's plus
they got us they have in wiretapped go
ahead if they do if they if they got
anything they would have put it out to
of course I mean I'm not saying Trump is
not clean I'm not saying that at all
these people on there's some people like
Saro white hat he's our knight in
shining armor ah there's an old saying
you have a better chance of getting a
camel through the eye of a needle then
you do get a rich man in heaven okay so
he's playing in that murky dark waters
but this is like this is watergate on
steroids yeah I agree I mean and in the
fact that that 1980 scandal wasn't a
bigger scandal and that guy isn't in
prison for doing that is that's why it
happens again and let's not forget that
the conspiracy out there is that Reagan
through backchannels
told the Iranians to hold the hostages
even longer so they could win the
election yes that's a great point people
forget about that people forget about
that that Reagan was in collusion with
the Iranian government Ayatollah with
the Ayatollah to hold holds our
prisoners longer so he could win the
election so it would look bad for Jimmy
Carter that's treason and you're not
allowed to do that what's going on in
Washington right now
he's like it's levels beyond Benedict
Arnold right it is so bad I have no clue
what it means to be an American now cuz
nobody yes nobody cares for their own
country anymore they're just selling us
out laughing right with me it's
unbelievable this guy remember they also
said it's illegal remember they said
reading Wikipedia if you read the
Wikipedia leaks it was mean the wiki
leaks the wiki leaks yeah CNN said that
was a Cuomo on CNN you're not allowed
it's illegal if you read them
we were journalists so we could read
them and they just put it out there and
they don't care if you believe it
they're just trying to get your mom
scared yes yes and it's working and
they're trying to get us scared from
talking about stuff they don't want us
to talk about the war honestly they
don't want us to talk about false flags
honestly they don't want to talk as if
we're spending seven hundred billion
dollars a year on the military there are
700 billion reasons to shut people like
us up it's interesting how much money
we're spending on war but these news
channels on YouTube are demonetized if
you're talking about war yes yeah
they don't mind sponsoring war
they don't want to sponsor the debunking
of a war that's that's the best
thing advertisers don't want to do
because there's ads all over CNN when
they show the bombs taking off and Brian
Williams Nutting in his pants over it
they'd love to sponsor that stuff but
they don't want a sponsor if you tell
the truth about it like hey the when
that bomb lands over there that's an
illegal act of war when we bomb a
sovereign country that's a legal act of
war okay so again I just want to thank
the FBI the CIA the Democrats and the
establishment news for proving Trump
right you idiots our next live Jimmy
Dore show is July 1st in Portland Oregon
in July 15th in Chicago Illinois
we're doing a live show July 15th in
Chicago Illinois go to a link right
there for all the tickets to all the
live Jimmy door shows plus if you can
help become a Premium Member we give you
hours of bonus material every week
become a patron or a Premium Member and
if you're on Steam it we're steaming it
right now plus every Saturday we do a
live super solid chat Saturday where
it's a live stream and you can ask us
questions and we'll answer them back
every Saturday 2:00 p.m. Pacific time
thanks for your support
[Music]
