hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have very special guests tim
Canova who's running for congress in the
23rd district of florida and his
opponent is Debbie wasserman-schultz
and you know where there was a lot of
ballot tampering that went on I'm gonna
hear Tim is here to talk about exactly
what happened
it's disk it's it certainly should make
everybody concerned - hi Tim how are you
hi there Jimmy doing well thank you so
tell people briefly what happened in
your case you you had an election you
didn't win but there was a ballot
tampering yeah we had our doubts about
the final election tally and a lot of
election experts contacted me in the
days after our primary and they had
serious concerns about the official
results so what we decided to do was put
in a public records request and the long
and short of it is we put in three
public records requests the Broward
County Supervisor of Elections jerked us
around for half a year and I finally
filed a lawsuit in June of 2017 while
the lawsuit was pending three months
into the lawsuit and right after we
served the supervisor with discovery
requests the supervisor destroyed all
the paper ballots and that's a violation
of federal law and state law punishable
by up to five years in prison for the
state law violation they have to
maintain these ballots for 22 months but
that wasn't the end of it I mean she
destroyed evidence in an ongoing lawsuit
she lied about it to the court and to us
for more than two months and she's still
litigating it I mean it's abusive she's
using taxpayer money to try to drain my
campaign we had a judge in the Florida
Circuit Court rule for us two months ago
granted a summary judgement and ruled
that the supervisor violated all of
these federal and state statutes
criminal statutes and I thought at that
point we'd get law enforcement involved
we were hoping that Governor Rick Scott
a Republican we were hoping his the
Florida Department of Law Enforcement
and the Attorney General of Florida and
we were also hoping that the US Attorney
for the Southern District of Florida
would all start state and federal
investigations and instead it's it's
been nothing but
from all of these folks so it's been
very disconcerting so you got a you got
the most favorable judgment you could
get in your lawsuit from the judge yes
and you thought for sure something was
going to happen they destroyed the
ballots it looks like ballot tampering
for sure why would they destroy him
if everything was on the up and up Jimmy
let me just say just two days ago the
hill published an article saying that es
NS election system security and systems
which is what's used here in Broward
County that they sold to all kinds of
election systems around the country
systems and then that were hackable and
this is what some election experts
believe they believe that the vote could
have been flipped on us our final field
numbers from August of 2016 I should say
those field members I think we had the
largest field operation of any
congressional campaign in the country in
2016
we had four field offices and we were
knocking on ten to twelve thousand doors
a week and our final field numbers
showed us winning the race so yeah it
sounds very suspicious and now what's
happening is that because there was a
Republican Governor Rick Scott and in
Florida you figured that he would do as
his duty and replace that Commissioner
but what your theory is well the facts
is he's not so that's the fact
but now the opinion is that you think
that the Republicans the corporate
Republicans which there's there any
other kind and the corporate Democrats
so almost the same thing the there now
colluding together to screw the
progressive do you think that's what's
happening well I was told this by a
pretty well-connected Republican lawyer
and he was looking into this for me we
were kind of mystified why the
Republicans wouldn't be chomping at the
bit to blow this scandal up and
Wasserman Schultz's face and to try to
clean out this rampant corruption in
Broward County Supervisors office a
Democratic bastion and there's been no
response at all so we were curious even
the Broward Republicans haven't said
anything and this well-connected
Republican lawyer got back to me and he
said he did some dig
he's being told that these Republicans
their friends are the same friends that
wasserman-schultz hats and I said well
what do you mean by friends I said are
you talking about the big corporate
interests the fossil fuel companies the
big sugar companies the Wall Street
banks or the ones that have held sway on
Florida politics for decades and and he
said no no I'm not talking about them
I'm talking about the corporate
lobbyists they got the same corporate
lobbyists and I said to this Republican
well who are the lobbyists representing
of course all those corporate interests
that I just rattled off so you know
money is thicker than partisan politics
they might be blue and red on the
outside but on the inside they're all
green the color of money
so as soda suddenly broke so you are
stating what we've stated here many
times is that they all work for the same
people that's the problem with the
corporate Democrats is that they they
all have the same donors and they
represent their donors and not their
voters and that they would also rather
lose to a Republican than win with a
democratic progressive and this to both
these scenarios are being played out
right here in front of us inside your
race now what why do you think you
haven't gotten more support on this from
the National 100 nano national scale is
it because you're you left a Democratic
Party to run as an independent now
people don't realize you did that
because you were shirt and they were
gonna cheat you again right well yes and
and I contacted all the Democratic Party
officials in the state of Florida a
couple of months ago several months ago
to inform them of what our lawsuit had
discovered as far as the destruction of
these ballots and maybe somewhat naively
I thought that some of these Democratic
Party officials would step forward and
call for an investigation and it's
really quite a it says a lot about our
political system when not a single one
of these officials stepped up in fact
not a single one of them responded to me
it's very much an authoritarian mindset
that folks follow the leader the leader
in Florida politics is still debbie
Wasserman Schultz and nobody wants to
cross her
yeah it's it's it's it's awfully
disappointing and it's super
discouraging and you know it's to me
it's very much like you know everybody
was screaming about the Russians
including Bernie Sanders but nobody's
screaming about the 2016 primaries that
were you were cheated they destroyed the
ballots or Bernie Sanders was it was a
complete scam of an election the
Democratic primary in 2016 and
everyone's pretending that the reason we
have Trump is because of the Russians
did some Facebook memes but what really
happened was the Democratic Party
completely screwed the guy who could
have beat that Donald Trump in favor of
the maybe the only person in the country
or the world who could lose to Donald
Trump it's just amazing how no one's
still never talking about that and even
Bernie won't bring it up but here we and
here we have a clear case of them
colluding again to screw over
progressive and now I want to introduce
to you
Melissa Schwartz Melissa Schwartz is a
software engineer she has a commitment
to open-source the community and free
software movement she's active in the
democritus democracy counts which is an
organization committed to free and fair
elections and developed an election
audit system that exposes ballot bot
stuff ballot box stuffing vote stealing
vote switching and other electoral fraud
Melissa thanks for being here Thank You
Jimmy it's really nice to be here in the
name of the organization you're working
with it's called democracy counts and
now what could you do to help Tim Canova
out what could your organization do to
help to him out okay Jimmy well we've
got a mobile software that is going to
help citizens organize exit audits and
exit audits are kind of like exit polls
except it's like with polls you are only
getting a couple voters that are coming
out at a time or whatever but with an
audit you're trying to get everybody
coming out of a polling station so it's
basically a parallel election because
right now we do have some some counties
that are doing audits and whatever but
they're there none of them are
independent of the official ballot data
so what we're trying to do is have a
system that's completely outside of the
official ballot data we want to and we
have everybody that's coming out signs
an affidavit a digital affidavit so if
we get results that are very very
different from the
official polling station this is
evidence that can be used in court and
when you say it can be used in court or
we can what what legal basis do you have
to say that we don't this is a new thing
this is a new yeah so I be setting
precedent we'd be setting precedent but
the the founder of democracy counts as a
lawyer and he specializes in election
integrity and we've developed protocols
that you know keep the data from the
beginning to the end and as best we can
you know and so know what what kind of
so now Tim's gonna be running as an
independent against Debbie
wasserman-schultz
this fall and so how could your
organization and how could this is it is
it essentially an app or what is it yeah
it's an app um we we would need a lot of
money quickly though because we have a
lot of stuff to get done and then and
then which since we have such a short
time to to get volunteers at polling
stations we're gonna have to pay people
so I have you done an IndieGoGo or
anything yeah I'm I've got to go fund me
up it's a little humbling we've got a
couple hundred dollars in there we're
asking for $250,000 and and what will
happen once you reach your goal we're
going to finish the software we're gonna
finish all our internal security audits
we're going to organize and the software
does have functionality to allow people
to sign up by themselves and get you
know organized with teams but for his
election if we can get this done in time
we're gonna staff all of them manually
so and you don't know you don't know of
a billionaire or a hundred millionaire
who's interested in election integrity I
don't like that I don't that would help
yeah no I mean I think you know if if
entities what's that Tim so hopefully
one is watching right now yes that's
what I brought this up you know if
powerful private interests wanted to
fund something like this it would
already be in place and it's just
unfathomable to me that it's 2018 and we
don't have any there's no election
integrity in the United States now
that's how I you know maybe I'm a cynic
I'm past being skeptical because of all
the election fraud I've seen and the
lack of people calling it out and and
everyone pretending again
that Russia is the cause of the problems
in America and you know Russia didn't
didn't make 50% of Americans poorer
low-income 63% of Americans can of
Canada can't afford $1,000 emergency 30
million Americans still don't have
health care we don't have clean water
and Flint we have the biggest income
inequality since the Middle Ages the
banks are still bigger than ever none of
this we're in 7/8 Wars none of this has
to do with Russia this has to do with us
and the corruption of our own system the
real enemies of American democracy is in
a foreign country the real enemies of
American democracy is big money right
here in the end exactly and this is an
idea if his time has not only come but
it's way far past due and way past due I
agree we shouldn't just have one checks
check on elections we should have
multiple that are outside of the
official why do you and so you would
think a news organization would have
already funded something like this right
I mean that's why I'm joking because
they're not really interested in fact I
mean they have their at their exit polls
yes but they they what's the word they
integrate it with the official right
ballot and if their exit polls are off
they just fix them
to whatever the actual outcome was when
I saw that happening did I not see that
happen in the last primary yeah so
wherever the vote totals were off they
just fix them to MIT to meet yeah so
it's not a check right so yeah that yes
I don't know if you notice but CNN just
Tidus teamed up with factcheck.org in
the last election so they can fact check
politicians apparently they didn't know
how to do that at CNN and they had to go
to an outside organization to fact-check
politicians hey is there an app how do
we do this again fact check is there
some kind of a thing yeah so that's how
bad their news is in the United States
which is why we're on this show which is
why I have a show right that even even I
could do this drunk better than they do
yeah and I am
all right so Tim it what do you have to
say to Melissa and what do you have to
say to people watching
well I wholeheartedly support what
Melissa's doing I became aware of
democracy counts in the months after my
election in the weeks afterwards and I
thought it was a fantastic idea I hope
that people all across this country will
step up in support
Melissa Schwartz his efforts at
democracy counts and contributes and
money
if we can crowdsource this we can afford
to do a citizen's audit and I think it
would be kind of a game-changer for a
couple of reasons if the folks if the
election officials know that we are
going ahead with a citizen's audit it
will deter some tampering I think it
will deter vote flipping if they know
that we're gonna have a real robust
audit and if they go ahead and try to
tamper with the results we're hoping
that democracy counts that this audit
will give us the tools to challenge it
in court okay III should I sure do -
it's good - gets you know someone who
has a little bit higher profile like
yourself Tim to get behind something
like this it would be nice if somebody
like I don't know Elizabeth Warren
Bernie Sanders somebody like that got
behind it it would be fantastic Jimmy
you know we were talking about how the
Republicans have fallen silent and and
decided not to let's say go in for the
kill against Wasserman Schultz to not
investigate anything and that's been
distressing but it's been very
disappointing that Democrats and
progressives not just Democrats but even
progressives
those who should really have an interest
in removing a corporate-funded
machine politician expert rigger or
lilac Wasserman Schultz from office have
just fallen completely silent and I
don't know what problems they might have
with me I don't pretend to be the
perfect candidate but I don't take any
corporate money my heart's in the right
place and these folks these progressives
should really be coming to our aid at
this point Tim have you talked with no
I'm why am i blinking on his name the
progressive congressman from Florida did
Helen garrison yes Alan have you talked
with Alan Grayson I have not spoken to
him personally for a while Alan Grayson
has back in 2016 and this year been very
silent on my campaign and that's Florida
politics for you where even if somebody
has progressive as Alan Grayson and I
think is is afraid to publicly cross
debbie Wasserman Schultz
that is just if that is true that is
debt is just mind-blowing well and I and
I like Alan Grayson don't get me wrong
I'm not trying to criticize him I
supported him last campaign I worked I
did this for him I go back all the way
to 2010 worked with this staff on some
of the provisions of the dodd-frank act
when I was you know just a law professor
so I like Alan Grayson I'm not trying to
single him out I will say though that we
can't get a Democrat or a Republican
official party leader official or
elected official to stand up and speak
out against debbie Wasserman Schultz
well good luck to you Tim will be
watching good luck to you Melissa we'll
put a link to democracy counts and
hopefully we'll be able to actually get
someone tab you know electoral integrity
in the United States you want to say
something yeah on my GoFundMe I was
asking people just to donate one dollar
and then I realized that uncle fund made
the lowest you can donate is $5 so but I
just want small donations from a lot of
people because that's how this is gonna
happen it's gonna have to take everybody
everybody pitching in just a little bit
so if someone wants to give you a
thousand dollars you'd say no no II
wouldn't say no but Tim's audit is the
audit I mean this agrees the election
you know if Tim first of all I think Tim
is certainly capable and popular enough
in that district to knock off Debbie
wasserman-schultz
which would be even and bigger avalanche
or tidal wave than Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes I think for sure
so just because she was the head of the
DNC she rigged it against Bernie and you
know she's I would say she's even more
corrupt than Joe Crowley so Jimmy can I
can I jump in and just say that we've
got so much support in this district
we've got a huge volunteer list and
folks who are coming to knock on doors
with us all the time but we're short on
money while some insurance is out
raising us 10 to 1 this time so we need
help for our campaign we need folks to
go to Tim Canova calm and I'll be coming
out to California soon and I think for
too
some money and I'll be up in New York we
actually have an event in Brooklyn on
Friday the 27th of July the Turnberry
Trick Friday evening for any of you New
York New Yorkers out there when you come
to Los Angeles I'm hoping to be there in
August we haven't set a date yet okay
okay all right Tim Canova running in the
23rd district of Florida against corrupt
incumbent debbie Wasserman Schultz who
rigged the primary against Bernie
Sanders and I also got we're looking for
election integrity and if there is
election integrity I pretty sure Tim
Canova will be the Congress person from
that district and Melissa Schwartz thank
you very much from democracy counts and
please let us keep in touch with us let
us know about the progress well thanks
Annie
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are you probably aren't
it only takes a second check to make
sure you're subscribed and then click
that bell if you click the bell they'll
send you a notification when we drop
videos otherwise they won't notify you
and they still might not but that's all
we can do to fight against the bastards
and please become a patron you support
the show we give you hours of bonus
content every week plus we do a live
stream most Saturdays at 2:00 p.m.
