hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and ron flick oh hey Jimmy all right so
now I hope you understand that when I
was a kid I grew up in Chicago and every
year the Nazis would march in Skokie
which is a predominantly Jewish suburb
or that's what I was led to believe
that's why they're marching there and it
would you always make the news and the
ACLU would always defend them and we all
understood we all hated the Nazis and
we're all like oh I wish they'd come to
our neighborhood we'd you know everybody
wanted to do something to them but but
we understood that they you couldn't ban
them from marching we understood that if
you could take their right away you
could take someone else's right away
because you don't like them right so the
protection of the freedom of speech
right the First Amendment is there to is
not to protect speech we agree with the
First Amendment is there to protect
speech we don't agree with speech that
we hate that's why you need protection
for it
speech everyone agrees with doesn't need
protections get it okay
so now we move on to this so Facebook
Apple YouTube and Spotify has banned
Infowars so fair I think yeah
Facebook unpublished four pages run by
Jones for repeated violations of
community standards the company said on
Monday YouTube terminated his account
over him repeatedly appearing in videos
despite subject to of 90 day banned from
the website and Spotify removed the
entirety of one of Jones's podcasts for
hate content
a few hours after Facebook announced its
ban YouTube also terminated Jones's
account on its platform did you know
this yeah well I saw this today I mean
this is just drinking rap man oh yeah me
too
the company issued a statement that
didn't refer to Jones by name saying
only that quote all users agreed to
comply with our Terms of Service and
Community Guidelines when they sign up
to use YouTube the guardian understands
that the specific rationale for Jones
ban was his habit of appearing in live
streams hosted on other channels on the
site despite being subject to a 90-day
ban when users violate these policies
repeatedly like our policies against
hate speech and harassment or our Terms
prohibiting circumvention of our
enforcement measures we terminate their
accounts Wow that's some pretty radical
 man that's like oh we just went and
wrecked this guy's business we decided
to we decided he didn't get he doesn't
deserve to have a business right that's
that's that's like if 18t just decided
you know we didn't like the you're
saying on your phone calls so we're
gonna cut off your phone no more phone
for you what right that's a private
company The Electric Company going we
didn't like we don't like how you're
using your electricity to to power all
those computers for hate speech so we're
not gonna give you electricity we're a
private company Facebook and YouTube's
enforcement action against Jones came
hours after Apple removed Jones from its
podcast directory the timing of
Facebook's announcement was unusual with
the company confirming the ban at 3:00
a.m. local time what the F and F and
again this is not anyone here defending
Alex Jones please don't say some stupid
like that Apple does not tolerate hate
speech and we have clear guidelines that
creators and developers must follow to
ensure we provide a safe environment for
all our users
an apple spokesperson told BuzzFeed news
which first reported the removal podcast
that violate these guidelines are
removed from our directory making them
no longer searchable or available for
download or streaming we believe in
representing a wide range of views so
long as people are respectful to those
with differing opinions so this is a
very slippery slope in fact it's not a
slippery slope it's it's not that it's
not a slippery slope it's predictable
what's going to happen next so this
isn't slippery this is the beginning
this is just the beginning of something
that's predictable and I've been telling
people on the Left pushing the Russia
gate thing that they're gonna use that
to silence you they're gonna say that
the left is now right if you're a
bernisa people already said it if you're
a Bernie supporter you're being you're
in bed with Putin you're in bed with
Russian with Russia if your black lives
matter you're Russian they've already
done it they're already doing it
so now there's only one Facebook there
aren't two enemy like there's only one
Twitter there's only one Facebook iTunes
and spa well that's the thing I mean
these places have such a wide reach
right they really are and you know and
it's tough to have any type of sympathy
for an Alex Jones I mean I don't
appreciate their content at all
however institutions this big that have
the type of pool as far as yawn intent
goes this warner store they shouldn't be
able to just have like their own vague
Community Guidelines and they can just
enforce however they want they should
have to follow the First Amendment well
I agree I think they should have to
follow the First Amendment mm-hmm and
that's why I like I've had a hard time
like even comprehending because whether
or not Alex Jones has ever violated the
First Amendment you would need to ask
somebody more fluent in his catalogue
right myself look I don't watch enough
of his content to know the answer that
won't wear and
there but either way that's not how it's
been applied so now the way people
communicate the Town Square is
electronic the Town Square is Facebook
the town squares Twitter and these
places should be looked at as they
should be regulated that that's what
that's what all those hearings were
about should we regulate Facebook mm-hmm
that's what they were about and
Facebook's like no no no we're gonna
self-regulate so we're gonna do the job
of censorship for the government please
don't worry and Chris Julian Assange
said but predicted this in 2010 that the
new censorship comes from the
corporations which is an extension of
the government it's actually the other
way around
the government's an extension of the
 corporation yeah so and now
Facebook's gets to this is gonna is
gonna protect us they're protecting you
from Alex Jones they're protecting you
from fake news that's what they're
protecting you first of all what a weird
timing that they all do it at the same
day mm-hmm
what and again yes this is not in no way
defending Alex Jones you know this just
like the ACLU isn't defending Nazism
when they defend the rights for Nazis to
have a March in Skokie they're not
defending Nazism they're defending a
higher ideal you know that whole idea of
I might not agree with what you have to
say but I'll fight to the death for your
right to say it that used to be a saying
in America so now Facebook is gonna
protect you from fake news now again
they're gonna so the next the next thing
that happens is they come after lefties
they're gonna come after people who
disagree with Syrian war CNN has already
done that to us they've already come out
and declared we're far-left
conspiracy theorists so if you're a
conspiracy theorist your neck could
that's your next so all they have to do
is say you're a conspiracies there i've
we've been called conspiracies there's
kyle kolinsky doesn't believe that
 about the wars heath maybe he's
a conspirator you know what i mean it's
like who so anybody who doesn't believe
the conspiracy that the
government
you as then deemed the Iraq war was a
conspiracy an evil illegal conspiracy so
was Libya so it's Syria well I don't
want to sound conspiratorial right now
but a side note CNN said we were
peddling conspiracies and it was around
the same time I started riding my bike
more often oh sorry
so tell me is this is this a conspiracy
theory that is this fake news this is
the Washington Post this is from their
editorial board this isn't some jag off
they gave an op-ed to this is their
editorial board this is the official
position of the Washington Post February
6 2003 after Secretary of State Colin
Powell's presentation to the United
Nations Security Council yesterday it is
hard to imagine how anyone could doubt
that Iraq possesses weapons of mass
destruction mr. Paul left no room to
argue seriously that Iraq has accepted
the security council's offer of a final
opportunity to disarm and and they
offered a powerful a powerful new case
that Saddam Hussein's regime is
cooperating with a branch of al Qaeda
remember what they used to say that
remember when they used to say that
Saddam and al-qaeda were together even
though they hated each other
and that is trying to acquire chemical
weapons and staged attacks in Europe mr.
Pauwels evidence including satellite
photographs audio recordings and reports
from detainees and other informants was
over whelming this is this is the
Washington Post editorial board
overwhelmingly not present yeah that's
what it's overwhelming I think what they
forgot to finish that sentence was
overwhelmingly poorly sourced and full
of holes and that goes on Senator Joseph
R Biden Jr the senior Democrat on the
Foreign Relations Committee called it
powerful and irrefutable so are all
those guys conspiracy theorists because
that's are all those guys does that
Faraday peddling fake news
should they have their chip
Washington Post have their Facebook page
taken down because they're peddling fake
news or do we let people who are
citizens of the United States decipher
what's true and what's not and we don't
let the government or a billionaire in
Silicon Valley decide for us under the
guise of protecting us from harmful bad
news because they don't give a
about harmful bad news they don't give a
 about they don't give a about
this they don't give a about the
lies about Syria and fast they peddle
them they didn't care about the lies
about Libya they don't care the lies
about the first Gulf War they don't care
about anything and you know how I know
here's the pages that they leave up at
Facebook the National Enquirer has a
 Facebook page don't they
National Enquirer and then the National
Enquirer deserves the Pulitzer Prize I'm
glad that numbers not higher than 368
people feel that way 47,000 like the
National Enquirer they like it yeah so
should we take down the National
Enquirer or two because they do fake
news I'm asking what's your litmus if
it's fake who's gonna decide if it's
fake should the Washington Post decide
it's fake even though they peddle fake
news all the time you mean it's
not hate speech for the National
Enquirer to post pictures of women's
thighs right that are too big and
unsightly for the summer on the beach
that's not how that hates me against
women how about this how about this
world news daily 73,000 likes world news
daily report that's on Facebook world
news daily British man suffering from
rare medical condition can only defecate
through his mouth that's on Facebook
that I just that's the first thing that
came up today what I Google on Facebook
I wouldn't i put world news daily and
that that's the first thing that came up
I don't think they I think they should
have a Facebook page I think everybody
who wants a Facebook patient to have a
 Facebook page and if you don't
like their Facebook page or what they're
saying you
debunk it you can set up a page that
says Alex Jones is full of and
here's why and we can debunk his you
know cow kolinsky does that all the time
he does videos on he'll show you what
Alex Jones is saying and he'll show you
why it's that converts way more
people to the kind of thinking you want
then censoring Alex Jones or anybody you
disagree with or you think is horrible
to both them they're not even stopping
there on all those websites they they're
also including Infowars on Pinterest
they're getting rid of him that's crazy
Pinterest I didn't know I can't imagine
him being on Pinterest
isn't that for like recipes and stuff
like whatever it's like I don't use
Pinterest it's like you don't use
Pinterest sorry I'm not him
oh my god I'm not hip to Pinterest oh
how are you gonna make a smart and quick
holiday gathering you know like Jimmy's
I'm thinking about Washington Post and
how it says democracy dies in darkness
and I think right underneath it should
we got the Iraq war wrong we're fake
news like they should have a banner yes
yes
well it's interesting to me because you
know I've been seeing a lot of this on
the blogosphere today and there have
been some people on the Left kind of
celebrating this I know then and then
and then when people come out they're
like look don't you I mean I don't like
Alex Jones either we don't disagree that
he publishes a lot of despicable stuff
but don't you see the slippery slope
here don't you see and they're like well
they're a private company and they can
do what they want it's like man you're
sounding a lot like the people that are
defending the NFL not allowing players
to kneel during yes anthem you're
sounding a lot like companies a private
company and you know and again you know
it comes back to these companies that
have this much of a platform in regards
to how people get content right they
should have to follow the First
Amendment if something happened where
you know Facebook or Apple or something
they said this is a clear violation of
the First Amendment we've
solidified that via our attorneys we
have to you know determine this is a
violation of the First Amendment here's
what happened
here's how it violated the First
Amendment that'd be a different story
that would be a different headline but
that's not what happened here
that's not what's happening well I also
know we talked about this when we were
traveling I got a copy of a London
newspaper and a woman who posts satire
yes she is being taken to court because
her satire satire is too much it's it's
oh it makes people uncomfortable yes and
so is this hates people literally for
doing satire though that like I mean
first of all if you don't think Alex
Jones is doing one of the funniest
comedy shows in the history of all time
you are missing out on a big joke
because he is funny hilarious I
mean the way he can straight I'm not
kidding even the way he straight faces
that I mean god dammit and he's
already admitted in court that he's
doing performance art I know it it's
beautiful and unfortunately there's a
lot of negative consequences like for
the Sandy Hook people and stuff like
that that is super unfortunate nice and
you can you know I understand why people
want to shut him down because of that I
understood it's like when people it's
like that question will have someone
like I'm against the death penalty in
every situation and somebody says well
what if someone rape your wife or your
daughter wouldn't you want them dead yes
yes I want him dead I want him dead when
they get my order wrong in the
drive-thru that doesn't make it right
that means the victims not supposed to
be the guy in charge of giving off the
punishment same thing here
do I do I want that kind of speed shut
down and so I would not want to do I not
want it to in fact yep but if there's a
higher principle involved here the
higher principle is freedom of speech
for everyone and not letting some not
letting a handful of people decide who
gets to have it you either afford or
you're not you're either for it or
you're not and if you don't like what
someone's saying and they you think
they're saying hateful stuff or stuff
that's that that's the detrimental or
you can then you have the antidote to
bad speech is more speech not less be
Shh more speech you can set up your own
Facebook page to bunk Alex Jones set up
your own thing debunk the fake news but
again it's not about protect his neck I
just showed you they have that the world
knows daily and they have the God damns
and the what is the name of the National
Enquirer and I'm sure million other
things just like it so that's so if
you're starting with them why you got to
go there you got to go there and they're
gonna end up here they're gonna say
we're protecting you from the Russian
that Russia that's all we have to shut
down these pages because they're they
were they were caught pushing Russia
that's go ahead well I was just gonna
add this is another side note and I want
to pose this question because here's
another reason why I'm confused why the
people that don't like Alex Jones were
being celebratory here do you think that
at the end of the day this is gonna help
this helps him Nancy I know so too
now he can be a victim and and he kind
of is in a sense so now he plays the
victim card and now his whole thing is
that it's the hemisphere it's trying to
shut him down
and now they're literally they're
starting him down there do platforming
him they're doing it if he's a crazy
person and and none of the stuff he says
makes sense it should be easy for you to
 debunk it and knock it down to
do it
lots of people already do that it's just
what about religion
what about they say that if you if you
if you have sex outside of marriage
you're gonna burn in hell is that is
that okay to put on facebook is that is
that not fake news is that real I mean
if it if it's not my timelines in
trouble you know they already took down
the Declaration of Independence for hate
speech on 4th of July we showed you that
go watch that video right and I was just
thinking right now I think it's
interesting this slippery slope cuz
didn't Mark Zuckerberg say that hey when
somebody is a Holocaust denier that
heald's gooped I think they just to make
him say oh my god that's right so why
isn't Alex Jones so just making a
mistake they already said he already
said that if you're yeah I'm gonna leave
up some Holocaust denying sites because
you know I think there is making an
honest mistake
so Mark Zuckerberg gets to decide when
you're making an honest mistake and when
you're not made when you're making a
dishonor he'll decide mister I the guy
who stole the the idea for the
whole thing from his friends he'll
decide if you're honest or not well this
also reminds me of you know um it makes
me so worried like we're sharing here
right now but the whole idea of like
let's say I had two pock was becoming
too revolutionary too radical what are
they gonna do to his voice right what
are they gonna do the poor people's
campaign all right well I guess you
watched I'm telling you what are you
gonna do with Bernie Sanders black lives
matter Jimmy Dorsey oh yes
Caio kolinsky humanist report the word
we're next we're next this is not good
this a bad thing no matter how much no
matter how much you dislike Alex Jones
