hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest on the line
his name is Randy credit Co now here's a
picture of Randy we're gonna be talking
to him in just a second now Randy first
let's show Randy the Skype
so there's Randy credit Cole friend of
the show he everybody knows Randy from
he's done a lot of great work with the
Rockefeller drug laws and he's had his
own show on the Pacifica network and
he's been an admirer in that controversy
with Roger stone and Julian Assange and
he got invited to the White House
Correspondents Dinner through Yahoo News
and so if you watched our live stream on
Saturday he was reporting live he talked
to Jimmy Hoffa jr. he talked to Jeff
Weaver and we're gonna show you some
other people he talked to hi Randy how
are you hey it's great to be on this
show yes I'm also a big fan of the show
okay and I love your dog what's your
dog's name that's that's Bianca Bianca I
got her in Argentina about eleven years
ago a rescue dog that somebody turned on
to me
it's a long story okay anyway she's
years old and she's a seasoned showbiz
star now so you also got kicked out of
the White House Correspondents Dinner
and get in cuffs we're gonna get to that
story in just a second I don't want to
bury the lead but let's set it up so
here's a picture of you outside where
they have though where do they have the
whole what hotel is that that wants to
wash Washington Hilton and it's a
beautiful huge place in the ballroom is
as big as a soccer field I've never seen
anything as big as that ballroom okay so
I I was outside obviously and then I
went inside and it was a red carpet it
was a red carpet they're like it's the
Academy Awards and then upstairs Yahoo
News and Huffington Post they had their
own lounge and they beautiful as you
have you showcase the other night yeah
out of food and drinks and everything
and so did AP and so did MSNBC and CNN
so everybody had a room where they had
they had like these beautiful cocktail
parties yeah everybody walked into the
one that I was in E you know
I don't even know who I miss because I
was outside getting some b-roll for you
or just like yeah kind of like floating
around the entire place cuz it was a
huge event
I saw here's a here's another picture of
you and the guy behind you looks like um
Adam Schiff yes
that's Adam Schiff now Adam Schiff that
was in the Yahoo newsroom and he walks
and now this is and I didn't get
pictures of me and Nancy Pelosi cuz I
talked to Nancy Pelosi I talked to her
about your show I talked to her about
Julian Assange and it wait a minute you
talked to Nancy Pelosi about the need or
show what did she say what did you say
what did she say oh I don't know if I've
listened to the show and I'm not the
middle year she really was about it as
out of it as Norma Desmond Gloria
Swanson in the sunset okay so she's
floating around like that with her
husband heard like hundred million
dollar war contracting husband so I
spoke to them and I spoke to just about
everybody so here's a picture here's a
picture of you with Allie Betsy now
that's later on let me get to Adam
Schiff Adam Schiff so Adam Schiff comes
in there a little bit later and he comes
up to me and we're talking for about I
don't know five to ten minutes you know
more maybe seven or eight minutes and he
says I want to I want to talk to you we
need to interview you so he was very
charming and then I told him about the
Jimmy Dore show and he says oh yes Jimmy
Dore is great emcs all of our events so
I'm not sure that he really has an
accurate memory about you I don't think
um see all of his events you may have
done one and then you like they cut out
of there yes and they know so about four
years ago I did do an event for him at
the improv him and another comedian cut
congressman and that's back when that
was before I read listen liberal and my
eyes had not been all the way open and
so I was you know trying to fight the
good fight and help who I thought were
progressive Democrats and so since then
Adam shifts office has called and asked
me to do other events for them and I
turned them down I say no thank you
and the last time they couldn't believe
that I wouldn't go there right here at
the what's the comedy club here the Ice
House in Pasadena right by my house and
they were having an event there and I
kept telling them no and they finally
called me back and they go Paul Reiser's
gonna do it yeah right I was like I'm
sorry I'm not a riser I'm not doing it
so that's all right a radical riff on
various tea brands yes he did
so that's I'm my history with Adam
Schiff so he's making that's a great
room Jimmy wait Jimmy the Icehouse in
his green I work there 76 with Gary bill
dear that is like one of the finest
rooms I didn't know it still existed but
it really was a pretty hip room back
then it's it's it was it's one of the
better comedy rooms if something is
possible Bob Bob Fisher is that is he's
a good guy I like him anyways here's
here's a leave ecchi right now that was
a little bit later now now I'm enroute
I'm in line going into the dinner so I
stretch it out the cocktail parties were
from 5:30 to 7:30 so that's about 7:45
when I decided to break camp from one of
the cocktail parties the AAP party I
think where the lawyer first or
McDaniels was and so they invited him
and then I went into line and I spoke to
a leave Esci all the way through for
about 15 minutes about his lousy
coverage his negative coverage is really
war month yes I and then I talked about
Julian Assange and and so he was just
telling me look I'd like to interview
mr. Assange I'd like to do something I
said this Watergate not Watergate but
this entire Russia gate bill and and I
said why don't you put on Craig Maria
why don't you put on Jimmy door why
don't there are a lot of voices out
there and
you know he's given me also you know the
the the MSNBC shuffle and but he was
very nice he took the picture now he
follows me on Twitter
you know I bet she doesn't follow you so
I was I was cutting
I wasn't kissing his ass but I was being
nice to him because I figure maybe this
guy we could flip a little bit so
Canadian and so maybe that will happen
but now I've come at him hard on Twitter
because he was pushing the Syrian war he
was doing that Assad's a butcher and you
don't care about all the people he's
killed he's doing all that BS so I came
at him hard I'm like if you care about
people being killed Ali why don't you
talk about Yemen oh that's right you're
not allowed to and he will never respond
to me on Twitter so while he might be
personally a nice guy he is a cog in a
wheel of evil and MSNBC I listen I
totally agree now I got to tell you
something I was I was like laying low
and you know waiting for my moment
things at this point inside the people I
was around you and Glenn Greenwald
talked about this a few weeks back about
how easy it is to be intoxicated and to
be co-opted by these people that you
normally do not you attack I attack him
all the time I attack everybody attack
Adam Schiff mercilessly you should see I
think I should like delete all the
tweets on Adam shift because I'm looking
to have a conversation with him to maybe
at least open up on Julian Assange so I
don't know we did leave it at that when
I left Adam Schiff we left it that we
may have a private discussion not on the
record so am I being co-opted was I
being nice I did the fact that I was
invited to this thing all right really
the fact that I was invited to this
event defies logic and gravity they if
they knew my record I should have never
been invited you know because I am a
prankster
yeah it's Occupy Wall Street I've been
arrested again stop and frisk I've been
thrown out of the State Capitol dressed
up as Diogenes so I'm known as a
prankster now I'm just looking I'm
biding my time in the meantime I'm
saying
Wow what am I going to do to rectify the
fact that Here I am mixing with these
characters that are obviously opposite
of my my sentiments about the war and
about the Julian Assange and all of that
yeah let me well here here's a picture
of you at the this I think you have to
see an end table
yes that's later on but before I go in
there the last person I I run across is
straight out here's okay here's you and
trey gowdy now tell me about Trey so I
talked to Trey I said hey look this
whole thing about Russia Gate and the
and the Russians being involved in the
hack you know said you guys got it right
I said that there was nothing to it and
I'd be willing and he was very charming
I got to tell you something he was the
most charming and interesting of all the
politicians I met that night the guy
happens to be a Republican he's leaving
office but he was you know that that
that hard-boiled you know cantankerous
attitude that he has when he's grilling
people was nowhere in sight when he was
talking to me and he took two or three
pictures and he's laughing he's shaking
my hand now after that I go to dinner
and I'm sitting at my table next to me
is Jeff Weaver okay let me tell you Jeff
Weaver there you go all right so I got a
few pictures with him Jeff Weaver who I
had met inside the Yahoo room and as I
said the other day people may not have
seen this I said hey look I'm doing
Jimmy Dore live streaming tonight so I
was just listening to the show in the
gap he was listening to your show in the
cab coming over in the cab driver the
uber driver said should I turn it off
and he says no I listen to this show so
he was listening to the show what a
coincidence that was and that's back in
the Yahoo room and he says I'd like to
be interviewed right now so I gave him
my phone and he went looking around for
a spot where it was quiet it was not
quiet in there and he was I guess you
guys got a pretty good interview
together but he was excited about doing
your show really found to be very
interesting yes
yes he's a big fan of the show and as
you know he's he he never made much
money working on Sanders campaign the
guy's got a comic book operation he
sells used comic books or this guy so
this guy Jeff Weaver and now he worked
with tad Devine on yes Santa money now
sad Devine and Jeff Weaver are different
types of guys what would you say how so
absol well tad Devine is a political
consultant he made money in the Ukraine
race he you know he he is a is a Paul
Begala or he is a man of Ford or any one
of these other consultants that gets in
law gets involved in political races I
think he was running Dean's campaign in
2004 if I'm not mistaken for a while so
but he that's what he does he is a he is
a hardcore political consultant and you
take whatever you can get all right like
Roger stone as a political consultant
and I remember meeting him last year two
years ago during the New Hampshire
primary I was I was there and I followed
Bernie Sanders I got some nice video of
him and I spoke to this guy tad Devine
and I realized back then that the guy
it's he's in it and he's going to like
present he's going to present Bernie
Sanders the way the operation wants to
present him whereas Jeff Weaver is a is
a true believer the true believer
yes he made least amount of money and he
was a spokesperson and the best
spokesperson when he was on all of the
networks if you recall yes I do recall
that and I'd always enjoyed him and he
did speak truth we had him on our show
Saturday you got him on our show we
interviewed him that's in our premium
bond our patreon content and I actually
asked them to ask for questions two
questions that I asked them are actually
good so I felt a real wind that I got to
ask two solid questions and thanks for
you for being there and setting that up
and being our reporter on the ground you
did a great job now I'm showing a
picture of you at this
I think you should get him back on and
just have him on for 20 minutes we're
gonna have senator Sanders on yes so
senator Sanders so right after Jeff
Pfeffer agreed to come on our show
senator Sanders press secretary
contacted us and said he's agreed to
come on our show so it looks like we'll
have the senator on and I would love to
have Jeff Weaver on - that is
congratulations that is really testimony
to the great work that you're doing and
how popular the show is becoming in
spite of the smear job by CNN that
actually that actually just or what will
that just open people's eyes to how bad
CNN is that they're smearing comedians
who are actually telling the truth and
asking questions of the powerful about
war and so all that did because right
now it's pretty well been established
that this last gas attack is all the
reporting on the ground there was that
there is no evidence and so what and we
bombed before there was an investigation
and so people are aware of that now we
keep bombing before investigations so
when CNN smears us like that it actually
is like oh they're trying to hurt
someone telling the truth about war yes
so it helped us in the AG think in in a
sense it's never good to be smeared by
someone with a big platform like that
but I'm trying to make lemonade out of
it
so in that say maybe one thing one of
the people that I met before I spoke to
you yesterday or Saturday was the OE in
O that reported from one note in one
American news network was there but a
producer was and we spoke at length
about what happened there and this guy
was there this guy did do it it's a
gutsy guy he's out of San Diego you
should get him on the show because
between him and Robert Fisk who you know
I'm redraw Burt fist book on on the
Middle East on you know Saudi Arabia and
and and Palestine Israel all it's it's a
1500 page masterpiece by Robert Fisk so
he is the expert on the Middle East
there's no one that knows the Middle
East better than raw
Fiske and then he is B he is defamed and
vile CNN and these other news
organizations The Guardian and I think
the Guardian but you know the British
government because they keep trying
everything they can to you know these
false flags aren't working but it
doesn't deter them
you know like today there's a deal in
Russia where they're saying that Russia
is wiping out a plant that supposedly is
the plant where that stuff the Novacek
came from which is a complete lie
they've been closing down this place for
the last six years they've been
shuttering it but they're throwing Hail
Marys
just like Netanyahu came out today yes
and said I mean you saw that's a whole
let's all let's brother can they are so
under there you're actually telling the
truth and people have a vehicle a
popular vehicle that they can watch and
get information that is not available to
them on cable television it's not
available on CNN or MSNBC that you know
we have to go to your correct so so you
are correct and I appreciate you saying
those things about the show are very
flattered so here you are sitting at
this let me just show you right to CNN
table yes let me tell you that so you
know Jeff and I Jeff Weaver and I for
about 30 minutes I had a steak that was
like it was like a cowboy belt and and
it's a monkfish and nearly lost two caps
in the process this thing was so hot oh
yeah and it was filet mignon supposedly
but you know it was pretty it was the
kind of steak they would get in a John
Wayne movie really yeah it's not that
good at the so who was the blonde woman
I want to tell you who that was
alright so I leave that table I leave
that table that I was with with Jeff
Weaver and yes I thought everybody else
was at the other we're right up front I
mean we're the second row in and and I
couldn't believe how great a table I had
and I decided to get up and start
working the room at that point
because I was feeling guilty that Julian
Assange was inside an embassy who is the
greatest journalist on the planet right
now who has got a hundred percent
accuracy which you have pointed out he's
in a terrible situation he's being
persecuted he's being smeared and he's
living in conditions he has no outside
contact he can't communicate on on
telephone or he can't communicate via
Twitter nothing so he's got nothing at
all and the everybody here is eating up
steak and as hard as it was and monkfish
and in cocktails so I decided to walk
where I see the CNN room and if you
recall there was a kid when the CNN
story broke about maybe in stones
contact in between guy there's a guy
Manu rahu who is a reporter for CNN
you've seen that guy
yeah I'm showing the picture of you with
him right now is that not wait a second
with Manu Rahu
isn't that who that is the guy with the
black hair I don't know if I see oh no
this guy's bald no that's somebody else
that's not him heat but Manu Rahu is at
that table okay and I've talked to him
for about 10 minutes and he's laughing
about mispronouncing my name and we had
a great time talking and then I see that
guy with a shaved head that's Joe Johns
you'll see him in the morning on CNN he
does like a new day he does all of the
reporting from the sea and he called me
over there was an empty seat so I sat
down with them it was like kind of like
busted in on am i sat at that table
sitting to my right was Chris ELISA you
know the guy who's got like the Bogart
thing with his teeth when he's talking
and then there's that woman Kate Kate
Baldwin with the blonde hair that's Kate
bald when it's another picture okay got
you she gave me the she gave me the evil
looked the whole time I was here and
then the guy with the glasses you know
all right the guy in the glasses and the
other picture with Joe Johns they were
great they were very affable
they were talking of abusive and very
nice to me and we talked for about 12 or
13 minutes and then I turned to Chris
ELISA and he gets up and he walks out of
that table and he's going to go rat on
somebody to me as Joe as Joe Johns and I
are having a great conversation we are
shaking hands we're talking old times
about CNN with Bernard Shaw and all of
that okay and then the other guy says
yeah I love you and then that was it so
before Krystal is against back
I'm really feeling guilty about Julian
Assange being in that room and everybody
here about to be celebrated CNN and so I
walk into the middle of the room now Rod
Rosenstein is in there Jimmy Hoffa
everybody that's anybody was at that
dinner with the exception of Trump and I
went up there before the program
actually started I just couldn't hold
back because I didn't want to interrupt
the comedian so I started yelling out to
the stage we should be supporting and
celebrating Julian Assange he's the
greatest journalist god bless and so I
went to about three different spots as
loud as I possibly could fellow out
those words and then I started walking
back to where I was sitting and to
people it was like Jack Nicholson and
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest where
two orderlies come over grab me by the
arms and they take me to the secret hall
and like walk me out of there I had to
