I want to break down really quickly can
you stay do you have to go I can stay
for a little bit yeah so I want to break
this down real quickly about the gas
attacks just to show it's very easy to
debunk the gas attacks which is why
they'll never do it at MSNBC here it is
so the first gas attack member Barack
Obama wanted to bomb Syria cuz they did
gas attacks and well here's from the
Daily Mail UN accuses Syrian rebels of
carrying out sarin gas attacks which had
been blamed on Assad's troops and if you
look at the date May 7 2013
so that was right after the first isn't
it amazing all the gas attacks happened
right around this time of the year so
that's when the Daily Mail and if you
keep you read down it says Carla del
Ponte said the UN Commission
investigating war crimes in Syria has
strong concrete suspicions that rebels
used chemical weapons I love I love that
sentence strong concrete suspicions
suspicions just negated those two other
things that concrete's yeah yeah you
know concrete means 100% yeah definite
yes and then after you put suspicions so
that means they're definitely suspicious
they're definitely suspicious that's all
that means
she says her remarks contradict
statements by the US and UK which said
intelligence indicated Syrian soldiers
used the weapons today fighting
continued across Syria's rebels advanced
on a northern airbase and shot down a
helicopter in the east so when they say
rebels they mean al nusra al Qaeda and
Isis that's who the rebels are here's
from The Telegraph same story UN accuses
Syrian rebels of chemical weapon use
Syrian rebels have made use of a deadly
nerve agent sarin in their war-torn
countries conflict UN Human Rights
investigator Carla del Ponte said a
senior United nate's Nations official
has claimed the Syrian rebels may have
used chemical weapons Carla del Ponte
there it is our investigators have been
in neighboring countries interviewing
victims doctors and field hospitals and
there are strong concrete suspicions
there's that term but not yet
incontrovertible proof of the use of
sarin gas said del Ponte this was this
was use on the part of the opposition
the rebels not by the government
authorities so there you go so that
that's the first gas attack that we got
rid of that one and here's Stephen
Colbert talking with Madeleine Albright
about that gas attack you want to see
something here's Stephen Colbert who
used to do one of the most brilliant
comedy satirical shows in the history of
comedy and he quit it so he could do a
less inspired more of a
entertainment show and he misleads the
country on a nightly basis and it breaks
my heart to see it so here he is with
Madeleine Albright now if you don't know
who Madeleine Albright is here she is
being asked about after we invaded Iraq
the first time killed all those people
for oil then we put sanctions on them
which kept medicine away from sick
people inside Iraq and here's what she's
asked about that we have heard the half
a million children have died I mean
that's more children than died when when
in Hiroshima half we killed half a
million kids in Iraq we did that by our
sanctions and now we're supposed to
start World War three over 60 people
being gassed in Syria CC K here we go
watch the question here we go starting
at the top we have heard that a half a
million children have died I mean that's
more children than died when went and in
Hiroshima and and you know is the price
worth it I think this is a very hard
choice but the price we think the price
is worth it just add one thing we also
did a Hiroshima oh by the way we also
did the way it's if you just watch it by
the clip you might think oh someone else
must has done Hiroshima that couldn't
burn us yeah that was us too we're the
only ones to ever use nukes that's such
a good point all right here we go so and
now here here here is here she is on
with Stephen Colbert here we go get
ready to have your heart broken first
time this happened Barack Obama did not
use military action against Assad's
regime the first time this happened that
Stephen Colbert telling you a lie on
national television
instead of debunking lies and using
comedy to illuminate a greater truth he
has now decided to give you an already
debunked talking point that didn't
happen and he just says it is fact
that's why the news media sucks so bad
and that's why the media sucks so bad
they just uncritical unscoped achill he
did a new show at the time this happened
you don't think Stephen Colbert knows
that that first gas attack was
and the second gas attack was
and that this third gas attack we
decided to bomb before we had an
investigation he knows all that he knows
all that so you tell me why he's
bullshitting you right now because he's
not lying to the Russians
he's not lying to the terrorists he's
not lying to anybody except you America
that's who he's lying when he says that
first time this happened Barack Obama
did not use military action against
Assad's regime do you think he's right
about that no I don't I mean I do wish
Barack Obama did put down a red line and
I personally wish that we had followed
through on that so there she is the
Vixen of death doesn't care a
half-a-million kids got killed half a
million
she thinks it's worth it and here she is
again lying about needing to kill more
people she's a psychopath okay just so
you know I know she has a brooch on and
she looks like a grandma she's a
psychopath Madeleine Albright is a
psychopath
she doesn't care how many people get
killed it's not her it's not her kids
she's wearing a $10,000 brooch and a
$5,000 jacket she doesn't care she's
getting into a chauffeured limousine
she's gonna go out for a $500 dinner and
then she her Butler's gonna put her to
bed
she doesn't care that people are being
killed she kills people 500,000 people
killed in Iraq if she said it was worth
it that's who these people are it's
scary stuff and sometimes you know when
you look at how the war starters let's
say the people who are actually starting
the wars
you know and then when you know that war
is for profit that's how they look at
things
there's no humanity and it's hard to it
can be really hard to to realize that
that there's someone who's or people or
governments or that are so heartless
they're just looking at math and they
have no value in human lives of their
own country or of other countries
because you know we'll use these human
lives
yeah kill those human lives and and then
and then then they make this amount or
whatever it's just so it's awful
one year ago almost the exact same thing
happened there was a president Trump
announced he was gonna pull out of Syria
and deescalate and there was another
guest there was a gas attack and at the
time Hillary Clinton called for us to
bomb Syrian airfields Glenn Greenwald
points it out that was one year and five
to five one year five days ago that was
on the 11th Hey so she wanted us to bomb
miss the most qualified ever she was the
secretary she knows everything she
wanted us to bomb Syria cuz of a gas
attack well guess what this is from
February Madison mitts there was no
evidence Assad used poison gas on his
people lost in the hyper palatalization
hullabaloo surrounding the noonas
memorandum and the steel dossier was the
striking statement by secretary defense
Jay mattis that the US has no evidence
that the Syrian government used the
banned nerve agent sarin against its own
people this is a year later this got
reported in Newsweek you think that
would be the headline on every news show
in the world no it never even got talked
about you know where he gets talked
about on this show a night jag off
nightclub comedian show the assertion
flies in the face of the White House
memorandum which was rapidly produced
and Declassified to justify an American
tomahawk Michaels missile strike against
the Sirat air air base in Syria mattis
offered no temporal qualifications which
means that both the 2017 event in concha
kuhn and the 2013 tragedy in gouda are
on
solved cases in the eyes of the Defense
Department and the Defense Intelligence
Agency
you don't think Stephen Colbert knows
that you don't think Madeleine Albright
knows that you don't think Hillary
Clinton knows that you don't think
everybody on Morning Joe ball knows they
all know this isn't that disgusting it
is disgusting
here's general mattis saying he wants
proof before we strike again but it
turns out least we decided to strike
Syria today before the international
team for investigating chemical weapons
worth to arrive in Syria the day before
and what do we bomb we by night we
bombed were they there was chemical
weapons so now we've contaminated the
whole place
so now we'll never know
defense secretary Jim mattis signal
Thursday that the US were prepared to
wait for definitive proof that Syria
carried out a chemical attack before
launching an attack but stressed a moral
imperative for a u.s. response some
things are simply inexcusable beyond the
pale not just chemical weapons but civil
currently the US and its allies don't
have evidence that the Syrian regime
carried out the attack last Saturday in
Damascus they reportedly killed 40 that
was back then when they said it was 40
I believe there was a chemical attack
and we're looking in the evidence we're
not trying we're trying to get
inspectors in probably within a week too
bad we ended up bombing anyway mattis
was referring to the international
investigating team from the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
or the OPCW he cautioned that even if
the inspectors get access to the attack
sites they are not permitted under their
mandate to assigned blame but only to
determine that chemical agents were used
so even that they didn't want to know
even that they didn't want to know they
bombed before that anyway and I'll just
show you one last thing this is from
that lat a year ago when we bombed when
they went Trump bomb do you remember by
the way so Trump had an adversary
relationship with the intelligence
community because he was an anti
interventionist his whole thing was we
should pull out of their net and that's
why a lot of people voted for Trump by
the way
because he said we should get the hell
out of Iraq we should get the hell out
of the Middle East he's the one who said
that he said we should never bomb in
Syria Trump said that and that you
shouldn't bomb without congressional
approval Trump said that before he was
president and then Chuck Schumer said
I'm Rachel Maddow Show he better watch
what he says about the intelligence
community because they have six ways to
Sunday to mess with you back he's
talking about the president
meaning the permanent state wags the dog
the permanent state the CIA the NSA they
have on the president and the next
thing you know they had AB dossier that
said he'd like to get peed on which
turned out is all - and then
Trump says okay I'll bomb would
you guys cut it out already
so he bombed and then this happened on
CNN Jerusalem on Germany I think there
is awareness of what's been going on in
Syria but for some reason maybe people
are desensitized what what is your view
of the coverage well first of all let's
look at this in the big picture Donald
Trump has given greater latitude to the
military to conduct strikes with almost
no regard for civilians just in the
March in the month of March Brian US and
Allied forces have killed more than a
thousand civilians in Iraq and Syria
last year 2017 in March the United
States and our allies killed over a
thousand civilians and now we're gonna
go home over 40 people according to the
nonpartisan independent group air wars
Trump is funneling weapons and
intelligence to the Saudis that are
being used to utterly destroy Yemen at
this point the United States has been
engaged militarily in Syria for several
years now both in the form of special
operations forces and increasingly
conventional boots on the ground but
also just scorched earth bombing
particularly since Trump took office and
I have to say Brian that Arwa Damon is a
fantastic reporter I have great respect
for her but I think when we talk about
this CNN needs to immediately with all
retired generals and colonels from its
airwaves
you know Fareed Zakaria if that guy
could have sex with this cruise missile
attack I think he would do it Brian
Williams seemed to just be in in
true love with the cruise missile strike
and in a despicable way invoking Leonard
Cohen's name I mean that the media
coverage has been atrocious particularly
and this is across the board on every
Network particularly when the strike is
happening it's like they're they're in
awe of the cruise missiles and look no
further than Hillary Clinton Bill
Kristol and Donald Trump once again
being on the same team when it comes to
these kinds of wars the elite of both
parties just all get in line and they
absolutely love a cruise missile strike
juda any comment I mean I think he said
it there I think he's that's been his
last appearance on CNN I don't know if
he's been back up since then yeah every
once in a while the truth sleeps out out
here had and that boom oh yeah that bug
in there
he you don't see he's not on the lead
he's not on with the he's on on CNN
every night hey we go to again a great
reporter Jeremy scale hotels truth about
Syria let's bring in Jeffrey Sachs let's
also get Phil down who people forget
Phil Donahue was against the Iraq war
and they told him cut it out and he said
I'm not gonna cut it out so they fired
him they said it was for low ratings at
the time Phil down who had the number
one rated show on the network and it was
because he was against war but he was
owned to NBC at the time was owned by
General Electric which is a huge defense
contractor so there was a lot of money
to be made in the Iraq war which they
made and that's why they shut him up
yeah usually if you speak truth no
matter not even politics whatever it is
whoever's in power
governments you know are you their job
is usually to oppress and that's what
they do and they use corruption and if
you speak truth and you have some
knowledge and then you learn about the
corruption you're gonna get so they
that's why you don't see it that often
on the show that is correct you know
that is correct and what we have are
people who consider themselves lefties
attacking Trump from the right here's
Howard Dean I call him coward Dean and
he's yelling at Donald Trump to have a
more a muscular response and be more
bellicose and sabre-rattling with
nuclear power if you had done your job
consistently this would not have
happened why are you such a wimp
the face of Assad and he calls him a
wimp what do you want him to do Howard
you want to start a war with Putin is
that what you want him to do with a
nuclear power you want a saber rattle
that's Howard Dean again these people
are the scum of the earth and I think
there's no words strong enough to say
what was wrong with these people because
they're advocating for killing people
they don't even know anyway so uh
and who's gonna and so how do I know how
do we know this is all at the behest of
Saudi Arabia
well John Kerry when he was Secretary of
State gave testimony in front of the
House Foreign Affairs Committee and he
said this you think about this rumored
so I'm not going to comment on it
because it is a rumor as first I've
heard of it with respect to Arab
countries offering to bear cost and to
assess the answers profoundly yes that
by the way in back those people holding
up red hands
that's code pink I don't know if you
know who code pink is code pink is
headed by Medea Benjamin and they're
anti-war they are verily anti war no
matter what in all situations and in
fact fear for war they'll kill you
that's my little joke no but that joke I
was actually gonna say something about
Trump's tweet and then Howard Dean's
first go ahead to it that's like you're
you've like two awful tweets what you
don't know anything it's like and you
it's like this toxic masculinity it's
like one guy does an thing and
then the other guy does that same kind
of thing to that guy and it's
like that's that's not gonna that's not
how you defeat Trump you know right yeah
you know the view but being a bigger
 and that's what he's trying to
do it's just still it's this be a code
pink is there I you know I support them
and I I think people should follow them
on Twitter and but it's to me it's
amazing how the country there's just not
nearly a big enough anti-war movement as
there should be it seems like in this
country it seems like so they
remember all the things that are going
on it seems like people have like
forgotten you know this is it's almost
the whole game you know yeah you know
it's like you got it you can't forget
about you know making sure to be
anti-war you know people are forgetting
to make sure to be an yeah you know it's
well they're getting they're getting
bombarded with propaganda from all sides
yeah 24/7 that says we have to do this
and if you're a moral person you'll want
to bomb because you can't let them gas
people yeah
so here what this is kind of stunning I
know if you've ever seen this but why
didn't have that offer is on the table
the offering he said have as the Arab
countries offered to pay for us to go
into Syria says they have that offers on
the table gets better with respect to
boots on the ground profoundly no there
will be no boots on the ground the
president has said that again and again
and there is nothing in this
authorization that should contemplate it
and we reiterate no boots on the ground
in terms of what do you do it doesn't
work i I think I'll let general Dempsey
speak to the question of targeting as
which he can't go into in detail but we
have absolute confidence that what our
military undertakes to do if it is
ordered to do so will degrade the
capacity of Assad to use these weapons
and and serve as a very strong
deterrence and if it doesn't then there
are subsequent possibilities as to how
you could reinforce that Thank You mr.
secretary secretary and the the details
on the offer and the proposal on the
table what what are the figures that
we're talking about the details of the
offer on the table what she's asking is
the details of the offer about Saudi
Arabia on the table for us to do their
military work at their behest what are
they willing to give us well we don't
know what action we're engaged in right
now but they've been quite significant I
mean very significant
