hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here it's a miserable liberal
I'm miserable Rob flick owns here but
you can hear him but you can't see him
right Ron howdy Ally
here you go you can hear him you can't
see him he's invisible today's wearing
camouflage bad hair day so you know good
friend of the show Randy credit Co right
so Randy credit Co who's been caught up
in the middle of this Roger stone Julian
Assange thing by the way Randy did a
long series of interviews with Julian
Assange he's the American reporter who's
interviewed Julian more than anybody and
Roger stone had tried to pretend or said
that Aaron Randy critical this is Roger
stone and he's Trump's adviser and he's
trying to say that Randy critical was
his back channel to Julian Assange know
Randy has denied that on this show and
he's denied it now on re Melbourne show
twice and but Rogers and that makes and
Roger stone is upset about that in fact
here's a here's an article from Yahoo
comedian Randy cretak owes his Trump
advisor Roger stone threatened his dog
sheesh in a new interview on the Yahoo
News podcast skullduggery credit coach
shared with co-host Daniel Clayman and
Michael Isikoff
Michael Isikoff is doing it podcast
called skullduggery okay Michael is to
carve email messages he said he had
received from stone in just the last few
days you you are rat you are Stu Lee you
backstab your friends we run your mouth
my lawyers are dying rip you to shreds
one of them read then stone at it I'm
going to take that dog away from you
referring to credit Coast therapy dog a
a cotton deed to the Year named Bianca I
didn't know that was a breed do you want
to see him here here's here's the here's
the here's the email Randi actually sent
me this I'm going to take that dog away
from you not a effing thing you can do
about it either
because you are weak broke piece of it I
will prove to the world you're a liar
Roger stone here's another one he sent I
know you are a dumb but read the
Constitution I have a constitutional
right to call you a lightweight
pantywaist C sucker drunk a-hole
piece of it and I just did you are rat a
stoolie you backstab your friends run
your mouth my lawyers are dying to rip
you to shreds
right now in fairness he did separate
the paragraphs for him he did do that
easy to read well to me it sounds like
you know that's like some that's called
impotent rage that's that's someone who
definitely wants to control someone else
and he doesn't have any means to do it
and so he's just gonna just over the top
threats and that's you know I mean that
probably works a lot of times
over-the-top threats like that stuff
like that I bet it does that's why it
does it you know it's fun Jimmy is you
also have a constitutional right to show
hit this ah so we actually couldn't get
Randi on the phone to talk about this so
we have Randi credit go who's running
for governor of New York on the line
with us hi Randi how are you hey it's a
pleasure to be back on the show with you
and Stephanie and Ron I believe yes you
are correct very good memory just
watching the three of you on the Jimmy
Dore show talking about Chris Hayes
great show just dropped I just got it
yes just dropped Chris Hayes he actually
did a good segment on Gaza and we're
wondering well how long before he gets
fired for telling the truth yep he's
probably pacing he's out he is you know
he's outside he's tweeting today pro-war
stuff in the most convoluted wait have
you seen his Twitter feed today I have
not looked at but I must tell you this
that you know he almost atoned for what
he did to me when I wasn't there when he
said I was the link I was a kind of a
lefty a couple of months ago so I'll let
that one go just because of the Gaza one
but that definitely is kryptonite man
he's finished I will see what happens
they left I thought it was he made a
deal where hey we'll let you tell the
truth about Gaza for three minutes and
then you have to push the Syrian war
forever
absolutely so Randy what get let's get
back to this Roger stone and though so
those are threatening emails he sent you
and
I thought you guys were friendly so it
sounds like you guys your friendships
over huh
well you know we were friendly it's like
you know you know bill Kunstler you like
was friendly with roy cohn you know who
was his Godfather Roger stone I mean you
know sometimes it's that Godfather line
keep your friends close but your enemies
closer
right and so I always kind of got along
with him for some strange way but you
know this guy ratted me out as you know
and fingered me and so the word is is
that they're closing in on him and after
Cohan had his office rated he went
berserk and so there's all these rumors
about there being the third man like the
movie you know with the Graham green
movie the third man the third man that
Muller has you know like waiting to
interview and I'm going to blow the
whistle on Roger so that's probably what
he's thinking and so he went on like a
weakened barrage of nasty you know with
a lot of umbrage scatological emails I
sent you about three of them but there
were a lot more I showed a couple I
showed a couple to the people so they
got a flavor of what he was doing and he
was threatening your your dog and so do
you take those threats seriously or does
that yet like what I heard them as a guy
juice was impotent rage there's a guy
who doesn't have a way to shut you up or
control the situation so he does
over-the-top threats and that must work
sometimes so that's why he's doing it
what do you think well you know I look I
mean what am i I did respond to him I
said look what am I going to do I'm not
a rat I have nothing to say you didn't
do anything I told the guy he didn't he
had nothing to do with Julian Assange he
insinuated himself into the picture he
tried to reach Assange you've done
pieces on this already where he tried to
reach them and they said stop trying to
reach us and that was the only range
right by Natasha Bertrand that was it
you know she as if there was a lot more
as if she was sitting on a right load of
you know but there was only that all
right so they've been promoting that
exchange and that's all there ever
was you know there was never any kind of
exchange prior to that I didn't even
talk to his sons personally until last
year so stone put himself into this
situation and now he's feeling the heat
yeah so what I mean so what is this did
stone lied to the Congress or or what is
his crime that he's afraid of being
caught on let's say he said first of all
he came out as you know saying he had
direct contact I've communicated with
Julian Assange so he says that and then
he's got this like so-called dinner with
Assange which of course is is
preposterous there's no way he could get
into that embassy without there being a
million pictures of it he'd have to get
his pay unless he went by a magic carpet
went there and went back in time and
went through the chimney at the Embassy
but so that didn't happen nothing
happened except for him boasting about
having a back-channel so when he went
before Congress and gave his testimony
and then he kind of baited them gave him
everything that they wanted he says well
I can't tell you who my back-channel is
because he's a journalist and I don't
want to do it without his permission so
you know a week later they said all
right we're gonna give you a subpoena
unless you cough it up so the next day
he cops it up and he sends me an email
saying I'm gonna have to give you up he
says I can't go to jail
you know so he didn't even wait for a
subpoena this guy this guy with all this
bravado
you know I'm planner and so that's what
happened so I don't know what I don't
think he committed crime may have said
something to Congress to the Intel
committee that little and he didn't even
show up the second time he had his
lawyer give him a statement and he
downgraded my participation as a
back-channel to a guy who confirmed
something yes it is June it's not right
so I confirmed something that Assange
had already tweeted out yes so when it
went from Roger stone saying that he had
contact he had contact with Julian
Assange and then it went to he had a
back-channel with Julian Assange meaning
you and
right from a back-channel - you're a
confirming source meaning that yeah
which is to get he keeps shifting the
the goal posts on who you were and what
you meant so it's it's obvious that he
made this up to everybody now even I
remember I think his might have figured
it out it's taken him three segments for
him to figure out Roger Scott was just
lying about this right yet to mean that
breaking interview with me after I done
it on your show like yeah four months
ago yeah
the breaking story debris exclusive we
have Randy critical exclusive no Jim
adore show had him a long time ago say
it again Randy I think you have more
viewers than he does
ah I bet I bet he has got quite a big
platform though on MSNBC and now listen
the guy that guy gave me a chance and he
wanted to definitely tie in stone to
this because stone is the Darth Vader
Hannibal Lecter character here that
everybody likes to kick around and he
likes that he likes that image so now
the big tough guy when the when the
Cowan thing happens and one other thing
he went on another show the other day
and said that I was the confirming
source for the Podesta emails that came
out in November late October that
somehow I had a lawyer of mine told me
what Julian's had told me that this was
going to happen and I told him so I mean
this is a he got so many versions out
there yeah like that guy in usual
suspects that's looking you know what
yeah there's no saying it yes he's
looking he's looking at a wall and he
sees all these different dates and just
keeps changing the dates so now okay so
I I appreciate you doing that and saying
that and let's move on to another topic
you're running for governor again well I
am going to I've already announced that
I am running for governor in in the
primary against Andrew Cuomo there is
one out there already I don't know how
long she's going to stay in the race I
don't know what kind of CHOP she has
unfortunately she's connected to the
bill de blasio machine so he got the
Cuomo machine and she's out there as a
liberal she finally came out and said
that that marijuana should be legalized
because it's not legal in New York you
know you don't go to jail for you get a
fine or whatever it's not legal so that
was related she finally came out and
saying that marijuana should be legal
well you know and four years ago it said
there was a big poster Mesa Randy
critical the only person who admits to
smoking and inhaling pot and enjoying it
so you know I've been smoking pot on and
off for what since I was seventeen and I
smoked some in the capital if there was
a big video in the State Capitol I did
it right there the press was there and I
smoked a joint three or four years ago
it's on video let me smoke in the joint
it was very good stuff so you know she
doesn't understand right now and I don't
want to talking about Cynthia Nixon
Randi Debian accident yes now you know
she's going against this governor who's
a very slick guy and if they were to
debate he'd bury her probably but who
knows I think I will take more votes
from him because I'm going out to the
black vote my entire platform is
criminal justice and of course promoting
whistleblowers in the state of New York
I really want to promote everyone to set
anyone that works for the government if
they see corruption send it to WikiLeaks
if they're afraid there's going to be a
reprisal here so I'm going for openness
free press and a total revamp revamping
of the prison system in the state of New
York in the criminal justice system so
those are mighty issues all of my life
and this is my last shot man I'm in my
early sixties and so I was planning on
running and she knew I was running like
I was planning this four or five months
ago ahead already I already have a
website I've got videos that have been
made I've got Flyers that have been made
and I got my team in place now you know
who knows what's going to happen if this
Mueller thing gets gets into my hair and
I get called my hat to go through that
because there's still a possibility that
you know they'll go to me to try to get
the Roger to squeeze him on something
that he
done that's not related to collusion to
squeeze Trump or the squeeze Cohen in a
squeeze matter Ford you know I don't
know that's the way they do this right
you know yeah I know that's the what
that's what they're doing right now they
got there's no collusion let's just get
that let's stop with that
and the only collusion is the collusion
to say that it's collusion they know
there's no collusion the collusion is
the media and he got guys last night I'm
watching Don Lemon and there was a guy
on that said hey look this whole thing
with Cohen saying that this and that and
in and it's not like a big deal for him
to contest these phone records these
phone records I think is an overreach
going at there is phone records that's a
danger to all of us you know I mean I'm
not a Trump fan but going after his
phone records I think is really bad so
lemon started screaming at the guy he
didn't want any to stop with your lives
I'm not gonna have you won anymore then
he puts James clapper on to close the
show to straighten out the guy who
contradicted or our game Sayed the
integrity of going after somebody's
phone records Wow yeah that's that's
your establishment news media there you
go that's why they hired Don Lemon
because that's the kind of stuffy those
are his sensibilities that's why those
people have those jobs and not people
like you or me listen you know you said
it the other day Tucker Carlson did it
right he did some story the other day he
was very good on this yeah yeah he told
the truth about the Syrian war right he
was very good and so he got lemon
challenging him and you know I'm not a
big Anna T fan but Hannity can say
something bad about Mueller and and and
and and limits us how could you how can
you challenge law enforcement let me
tell you some kneelers not a great guy
Miller tried to frame Julian Assange we
talked about this Julian Muller you know
has hoodwinked these poor immigrants
from Haiti that were in Miami and got
them to say that they wanted to blow up
the World Trade Center but the Sears
Tower the Fort Dix
for dicks hoax where people are straw
men terrorists that they're putting in
jail and they're entrapping
and they're lying to people all the time
Mueller was the best at enticing people
to accidentally lie by lying to them
right right you know
ya know molars not it's amazing how they
propped up the head of the FBI or not
the former he sold weapons of mass
destruction lied to the American people
we've showed that video on this show
many times can you do it for me I want
that to be like my theme song you play
in that video if you can find it because
it's always good for a laugh I think
people need to be reminded that video
you should be playing every day you know
Bob Mueller everyone's hero here's a guy
that led us into a Hugh helped lead us
into a huge catastrophe well you got
that I'm gonna play it for you right now
okay
as director tendinous pointed out
secretary Powell presented evidence last
week that Baghdad has failed to disarm
its weapons of mass destruction
willfully attempting to evade and
deceive the international community our
particular concern is that Saddam
Hussein may supply terrorists with
biological chemical or radiological
material David there you know one of
those that's one of those jokes it
always works a sight gag that always
seems to work yeah I mean that guy would
be with a sledgehammer what was his name
who did the Gallagher I guess yeah
gallery or Rip Taylor would do a joke
for me all the time too always made me
laugh that's what that is you know yes
one of the all-time great sight-gags and
so we're lyin eyes in this guy right now
and no one can be critical of them as if
he's somebody untouchable integrity I
know you know well listen Randy I want
to say thanks for stopping by the show
to talk about this stuff that's been
fantastic stay safe I hope I hope your
dog is going to be okay I'm sure he will
be you think all right great all right
thanks a lot and good bye Stephanie and
good bye Ron see ya Thanks Hey
hey Randy so can people go to your you
have a website people can go to Randy
Randy credit go calm
Randy credit cool calm and then you they
can help you run for governor if they
want yes there's an email address
there's a lot of stuff there and I was
hoping you'd come to New York when you
work the Bell and become my campaign
manager okay well we'll look into that
I'll look into that all right maybe
Roger stone will run as lieutenant
governor yeah
all right buddy thank you very much very
much we'll talk to you again soon thank
you
okay that was Randy credit co filling us
in fantastic it's crazy this is the
whole thing it's crazier than crazy but
so thank you for watching and please
make sure that you you're subscribed you
have to check it only takes a second you
probably aren't then click that bell so
you get a notice every time we drop a
video that's the only way and you
probably won't even get a notice but
that's all we can do to fight back and
if you can become a patron we give you a
couple of hours of bonus material every
week we do a solid chat Saturday at 2:00
p.m. on Saturday that's when you can ask
us questions it's a live super chat and
we call it solid chat and we're also on
Steam it we're steaming it right now
thanks for your support
[Music]
