happy buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show you know maybe yours confused as me
about the Nunez memo and who to believe
in who not to believe and what does it
mean was its before they said it was the
most important thing and then it got
released and nothing happened and so i I
just want
I figured if there's anybody who can
explain it to us it's NSA whistleblower
and member of VIPs veterans intelligence
professionals for sanity who debunked
the WMDs lie in real time as it was
happening so he's here with us right now
you know him from the show before it's
William Binney hi Bill how are you
pretty good Jimmy good to be with you
again oh it's so good to have you back
and so I just that so everybody knows
who you are just to remind them you were
with the NSA for 30 years you were would
it be a stretch to say you were their
top code breaker oh you know I would
never take that claim on but I did I did
some pretty good stuff so I had a lot of
okay so if you see there's even made a
documentary about him we're gonna put a
link the good American and that's how
what a smartypants this guy is over at
the NSA he invented thin thread which
was a data collect metadata collection
that was actually superior to what
they're using now and it protected
everyone's identity so and it was and it
was inexpensive so they had to get rid
of that right away anyway so anyway
that's who where William Binney is and
he's oh and you know he's had the other
FBI lie about him corrected that
happened yes in fact they did it in
sworn affidavits to the court they also
falsified evidence against us right okay
so that's what they do to whistleblowers
and so who that's why you can believe
that's why I feel like I can trust you
and believe you and because you put
everything on the line for your country
and Constitution and not a political
party and not your own neck or I mean
he's for yourself you did it for the
country that's a real patriot so that's
why I feel like I can go to you and you
can explain it to us and I hope you're
willing to can you explain to people
because before the Nunez memo came out
first of all I don't even think people
realize why we have to
guess about what stuff means because
everything's done in secret at this
thing called the FISA Court and how do
you feel about it no one even talks
about that we even have a secret core
does that bother you
well okay yeah that that court should be
disbanded in my view it doesn't belong
to it doesn't belong to the article
three courts you know the difference
between an article 3 court in this Court
is an article 3 court you have opposing
views on an issue and both views are
heard by the judge and the judge
adjudicates based on the law and the
Constitution but here's both sides in
the FISA Court it's run on the sixth
floor I believe with the Department of
Justice building there is nobody there
but government people and the only
evidence they hear is what the
government tells them and they can't
verify any of it and so that means that
means they're totally trusting to the
government that lies to them and
everybody else and and that's part of
the felonies that are going on here and
have been going on since September since
September 11 9 you know has occurred as
committing these kinds of felonies all
along so ok so people we have so people
don't even understand we have a special
secret court that's supposed to be there
to fight terrorism but somehow they got
a and you can get a you can get warrants
to wiretap people and stuff which they
did to the Trump administration it
through this court this FISA Court and
so I just want people to know that
that's what this is all about and and
it's and the reason why really knows
what's happening is because it's all
done in secret and what you're really
describing is that's not an adversarial
process that there's just there's
there's nobody there there's no defense
to the judge there's just what the
government the FBI or the CIA whoever is
presenting the case what the Justice
Department what they say to the judge
that's all the judge hears he doesn't
know if it's verifiable he has to take
their word for it but it turns out the
FBI has even admitted a bunch of times
like said back in 2002 correct me if I'm
wrong that they actually did present
false information to the FISA Court all
the time can you tell me about that yeah
that came out in August I think of 2002
you know when they were talking about
that FISA Court in and it came out that
they had
they had basically misrepresented
evidence in a court at least 75 times
that the court found out so so that was
at that time now since then they've gone
through about 30-some thousand requests
you know and they've refused I think
five or ten maybe and that's about it
and and you know there's another program
going on here that's not even addressed
by the FISA Court and it's done in
secret also in the but in the in the
article three courts the regular courts
what they've been doing in the this is
where they have a program that's called
parallel construction it is the they
will use the NSA data for common crimes
committed inside this country what
because acting all the data on everybody
they can do this okay they can find drug
smuggler drug dealers everything C but
that's against the Constitution though
you can't do that we're doing it in
secret and we never tell you that's why
we know it's a crime that's why we're
keeping it secret from you that's the
whole point of it and they're doing this
regularly and the FBI and the Drug
Enforcement Administration including the
IRS is a part of this and and they're
all looking at this NSA data to find
common crime are you kidding me no
blatantly unconstitutional and illegal
why doesn't I'm not kidding like that's
my hair should be on fire about this
right Phil that sounds crazy to me that
they were able to do that well it even
gets worse now you have to wait for the
worst to come along once they find
common crime in the NSA data they tip
off local and state police to go arrest
these people they don't give them the
evidence they say go arrest them go here
when they come up the in the truck or
something Park in that parking place go
arrest and bringing the drug dogs and
and find the drugs then in order to
justify the arrest what they do is
called a parallel construction and this
is policy run by the Department of
Justice of the United States what what
it is is they say okay we know these
guys were criminals we had in the NSA
data but you can't introduce you can't
use that data in a court of law
because it wasn't acquired with a
warrant so it's not admissible so we
have to go find the same similar kind of
data since we know where it is
easier and we see the police out to do
our own little investigation assemble
that evidence and say okay now we're
gonna substitute this evidence for the
NSA data in the court of law when we try
them when we do that we can't put any of
this statements of where the original
source was from NSA we can't give the
court the lawyer's or anybody in the in
the criminal process the understanding
that that was the original basis so
that's perjury every time they did it
and according to senator Feinstein she
had she stumbled and bumbled and gave
this away
she said well this program has been so
valuable we put hundreds of people in
jail every year with it well that's the
people in jail based on perjury by the
Department of Justice of the United
States and that's been going on since
9/11 they've been using the domestic
spying program that they'll instill our
win program in NSA to do it so they're
supposed to be using these NSA spying
write it in theory to catch terrorists
right isn't that what this is and while
we're willing to give up this certain
amount of rights is because they're
supposed to be spying to get terrorists
but what you're saying is that they're
using the surveillance state to do for
regular crimes and then they're telling
the cops they're tipping off the cops
the local cops about the crime and then
telling them did they tell them to scrub
where you got this originally from and
then construct your own parallel
investigate or just go ahead and hear
the information you have now go find
some of your own evidence that's what
they're doing well they don't they do
they do that for them they create the
parallel construction but they don't
give them the raw data from NSA okay all
they do is tell them what to do once
they know what's going to happen from
that NSA data right okay
so they'll say like hey there's gonna be
a drug dealer go down at this place and
then they'll show up and that's when
reuters reported this they interviewed
one of the federal agents involved in
the program he said this is such a great
program I just hope we can keep it
secret
this is destroying our judicial system
what and so why doesn't so how come
there isn't any
I don't understand bill it can't be as
bad as it sounds because uh this
obviously someone would be doing
something about it right well they're
talking about doing something now
because it's being used against the
politicians in Washington now I'm only
talking about on the common people that
we don't matter okay
we're dealing with the Department of
Justice here and we're not included in
that and so why isn't there more people
screaming about ah you would think there
would be people on the left and right
who would be upset about the government
intrusion and of privacy like this
because here's here's the problem right
so why this matters right so if if if
people go I don't care if the government
reads my email if they catch a crime now
criminal a criminal who cares
well let's say you caught the government
committing a crime and they knew it and
now they know that you know it right
because they're spying on you right and
then they can now smear you or arrest
you or charge you with something before
you get a different is that is that what
you're saying kind of that has one
possibility right
well that's what they did to us Jimmy
they they made up information the only
difference is I caught them at it so I
threatened them with malicious
prosecution if I didn't have that
evidence against them and I gave him the
evidence so they knew I had the goods on
them so they backed off that the only
reason they did that otherwise and
somebody that partner justice felt so
bad about what they were doing to us
they sent us a copy of their draft
indictment on us and so that even gave
us even more evidence of their of their
lying and perjury in an affidavit going
to the court that's that's a felony so
it seems like no one gets in trouble
anymore for committing feh you know like
clapper clapper famously lied to
Congress on TV and nothing happens and
people say the people see what they are
what they do too you know when when
Petraeus when he gives up classified
information he gets a job teaching at
NYU and when it would someone else does
it they get throwed they take a picture
of themselves on a nuclear sub a selfie
they get thrown in the clink you know
right so we see there's two tiers of
justice right and now you
saying that this secret process and this
parallel construction and this secret
FISA Court is now coming back to bite
politicians in the ass that's what
you're saying so now you're saying
people are actually talking about what
are they saying how are they who's
talking about it what are they spending
well I mean it's this newness memo it
shows really the connection with
Christopher steel his connections with
the DNC and the FBI and the Department
of Justice and the collusion between
them to fabricate evidence to present to
the FISA Court
that's another fabrication going forward
to the FISA Court to get a warrant to go
and spy on just a a person in the Trump
campaign but let me tell you what that
does that the intelligence community
once they're allowed to spy on somebody
like that they can go to hops from that
person that means every friend that that
person every friend of that friend but
it goes even beyond that because I
opposed it originally the two hot prints
back in January 2014 when President
Obama was trying to do something to
limit the scope of the spying and
everything so and he limited it to hops
but he didn't include the little
restriction on that that I was trying to
get to him to say the restriction is you
can't the second hop you can't use a
commercial business or a department of
government to go through for that second
hop because for example if in the first
hop they consider going to Google for
example then the second hop from Google
out is to 1.5 billion people per day
which means that in a very few days you
have everybody on the planet that means
that from that too-hot principle without
excluding businesses or government
agencies you can go to basically
everybody on the planet so so let me
just everybody so let me clarify what do
what so people might be glazing over cuz
what's a two hop so if they get a
warrant to spy on one person that
includes or implied in that warrant is
that they can also spy on two people two
people uh like two separations away from
them yeah like I call you that's the
first hop across
the lsat ii huh and so so they get to
listen in on all those conversations
that's correct
what that I hadn't know that so when
they so if they get a warrant on one
person in the Trump administration
that's as good as getting a warrant on
everybody and whole thing that's right
and so when Trump said no when Trump
said that the Obama administration had
bugged
Donald Trump Tower he he what it was he
wrong or was he kind of writer right
yeah he's absolutely right but I
wouldn't use the word bugged because
they're doing it through the switch
network so it means that all they do is
remotely from NSA they can tie into
everything from their remotely by
attaching it to the switches so all they
do is say give me everything out of this
building right so or give me everything
on all the Trump people and they know
all those and all the phone numbers so
just give me all of it and so the
problem with this noon to the Nunez memo
is about this process of getting this
warrant for uh which gave the government
the FBI and everybody the to get the
ability to spy on the Trump campaign and
administration and the Democrats didn't
want them to release it because they
said it wouldn't jeopardize national
security they released it that didn't
jeopardize any national security so now
so now they're credibility's impugned
over in this memo as far as I'm
concerned right they already got caught
lying about it and so now it comes out
and what that memo revealed is what
you're saying is that you're saying that
the FBI didn't give the judge all the
information it was supposed to and that
that's a pelleted go ahead so that's a
felony to rip misrepresent evidence in a
court of law so they you you're saying
you're going even one step further to
say that they actually the FBI
misrepresented evidence to the FISA
judge to get this warrant and just like
all the all the other parallel
constructions since 2001 that they've
been running the FBI and the DEA and
that's been felonies all along that's
perjury in the court of law perjuring
and presenting false evidence
I mean because it denies the the
defendant the the right to discovery and
challenge any of the evidence used
against them because it's false evidence
not the evidence that was really the
basis for his arrest their arrest
it was the NSA data that was the basis
so they can't introduce it cause it's
not admissible so they have to do this
parallel construction and it ends up
making them perjure themselves in a
court of law and so why isn't any why
isn't anyone talking like why wouldn't
you would think so so what is totally in
it what is he I mean how could this
happen in americanus the guy I know that
sounds naive right well I would agree
with you this is supposed to be in my
country not theirs and they're really
destroying it so and but it's not just
our country though this goes through the
em lab net network mutual law
enforcement treaty act through the
through the representatives and all the
embassies in the world that they have
relationships with around the world and
they pass all this data out as alerts
for them to go do things too but they
never give them the raw data they never
give them the evidence because it came
from NSA and this is clearly written
down in the instructions for the DEA and
out of the DOJ you are not to talk about
the source of this information in a
court of law you're not to put it down
in anything writing or any evidential
base you don't do anything like that you
simply give the evidence to them let
them arrest then do this parallel
construction and that's what you
substitute in court and so what and so
what is it bill is a are all the
reporters over at CNN just dumb and they
don't know about this this is happening
meeting the person who's who's their
criminal justice lawyer who whatever are
their intelligence reporter wouldn't he
know about this stuff wouldn't they be
blowing the whistle on this all the time
yeah they know about it but they don't
do anything because they're they are no
longer performing their their duty under
the First Amendment the Constitution
that's why that free press is there and
they're supposed to be investigating
what our governments doing and telling
the people of the country
what their governments really doing and
they're not they're not fulfilling that
responsibility boy so
so like if I like I found out I mean I
don't even I mean I couldn't wait to
tell people about this that this is
happening that's the whole point of
having a show so you're saying that the
people in the media you don't think it's
just ignorance of this going on it's
just that they know it and they and they
don't want to report it because it would
upset their contacts at the government
why would what's in it for them not
reporting it you think well I mean Jim
Rice and Jim Rosen The Associated Press
they all found out about what happens to
things when when they you start to talk
about things they don't want you to talk
about because then they don't they get a
wiretap on you and then they hit you and
you get threatened with grand juries and
things like that you know and you always
and it's always seems like they get you
for lying to the FBI that always seems
like this catch-all right that's the
that's the that's the the ultimate thing
if they can't get you for anything else
you'll get you for that I mean who can
remember everything exactly when you're
going in somebody ask you a question how
can you remember everything right I mean
it's just almost impossible so you
always get caught with a lie and they'll
call a little on it and yet they can lie
to you and reports in sworn affidavits
