happy buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show up here at the miserable liberal
and ron paconne a miserable howdy howdy
so let's check in let's see what Bernie
Sanders is doing today all this is from
Katrina vanden Heuvel Ubu Lubell
she says Sanders is retrieving the best
of our country's radical ideas here is
he's embracing FDR's economic Bill of
Rights the sort of bold thinking we need
Sanders to introduce a plan to guarantee
every American a job he's embracing the
sort of bold thinking we need there you
go Wow
so what are the Democrats doing probably
something just as substantial I'm sure I
mean if that's what one guy's doing
let's see up to a lot the Democrats are
uh let's see what they're doing I think
Pelosi weren't alerted about the lawsuit
until the DNC was about to file Tom
Perez the chairman of it oh the DNC is
filing a lawsuit uh-huh about the
election in 2016 and they're suing
WikiLeaks and Donald Trump correct
almost as productive as with Bernie's up
to arms I would say that neck well
people everywhere I go people like hey
what when's the DNC lawsuit starting
might be more like why don't they I'm
like oh you guys don't want to know
about the job is that your who cares
about jobs who's talking about that the
DNC has their finger on the pulse that's
up that's the look of a guy who has his
finger holes this guy could not be a
bigger joke of a human being like this
is literally surfaces covered by the
onion so Chris Hayes interviewed Tom
Perez about the DNC lawsuit and Tom
Perez kept under handing with the LOB
with an arc on it see softballs to Chris
Hayes to knock and Chris Hayes did not
hit one of those he did not lay a glove
on Tom Perez
so what Chris Hayes does at this
interview is he plays nice with the
Democratic Party to please his geriatric
audience he tossed the softball back he
tosses how it's like everybody wins we
just want to keep a volley going over
the headline by the way DNC Files
lawsuit alleging nation should never
ever stop focusing on 2016
so I think that's what the Democrats are
trying to do they're trying to remind
everybody that they pulled off that
Hillary Clinton and the DNC committed
the biggest election fraud in the
history of our country because that's
what they did and then when Donald Trump
beat the most unlikable unpopular
nominee in the history of the party and
country they blamed another country and
they're still doing it here we go here's
crotchet what a great job Chris Hayes
does what's what's this this is so the
thing that makes this pathetic like if
Don Lemon did this interview you'd go
okay well Don Lemon tried but Chris
Hayes is super smartypants just look at
him right and he's ten times smarter
than me so when he does a shitty job
like he's about to do you know he's
doing it on purpose because he's a
bought paid tool okay here we go I'm a
crack National Committee and he joins me
now chairman why now so his first
question is chairman why now
not what are you effing whose idea was
this to make everybody remember the
biggest election fraud in the history of
our country why would you do that why
are you proposing anything that actually
helps people to try to win an election
instead of doing PR stunts like this
which is what this is okay here we go
why now three reasons Chris number one
we don't know how long the number one we
don't have any plans number two we have
no ideas number three our donors told us
not to do anything to help people so
those would be the three upside what was
it three proceedings will take and nor
do we want to rush that and so we have
to he said we don't know how long the
criminal proceedings are gonna take and
we don't want to rush it because you
know civil proceedings fly by I bet you
this will be in and out of court by July
am I wrong
what the exact opposite is the truth and
he knows it because he used to be a
frickin he's a lawyer he knows what he's
saying is full of it it's the exact
opposite and Chris Hayes by the way
nails him on it without ever mentioning
it I guess that's how he that's how he
nails people no he doesn't say anything
I'll in order to preserve our rights
under the civil justice system statute
of limitations things of that nature so
we have that legal imperative number two
over the course of the last year I've
done my homework a year ago it was clear
if I had a nickel for every time he
blinks during this I answer I I could
buy I could buy Bank of America
okay here we go me that the Russians had
hacked the DNC and they did it with the
purpose of helping Donald Trump and
hurting the Democrats but we didn't have
the evidence a year ago
connecting the Russians and the Trump
campaign we have that evidence now and
then so I'm sure Chris Hayes is gonna
say oh my god you have y evidence what
is it let's see if I had a nickel for
every time he had an original thought in
that statement I wouldn't have enough
for a Little Debbie snack why we move
forward and thirdly Chris I'm worried
about the 2018 elections there is no
accountability for what the Russians did
and there was no accountability for the
Democratic Party rigging the election
and screwing the country out of a
progressive and handing the presidency
to Donald Trump there's never been an
accounting for that do you know that no
one's ever gotten in trouble for that no
one went to court no one went to jail
nobody got there was no nothing Donna
Brazile laid it all out for us WikiLeaks
revealed how corrupt the frickin DNC
this is unbelievable so what's what what
does that mean that means the DNC is
gonna rig the next one too they're doing
it right now and Bernie Sanders whose
heart is in the right place is making a
mistake instead of starting a third
party which would be the most popular
party in the country because he is by
far the most popular politician in the
country
he is sheep dogging people into this
guy's party and this guy's whole job is
to lie to you his whole job is to
Gaslight you that's his whole job but
the but but the cracks are coming and he
can't hold it the center will not hold
and they do things with impunity because
this administration won't hold them
accountable we've got to hold them
accountable that's what the civil
justice system is about it so I'm sure
Chris is gonna say who's gonna hold you
guys accountable for screwing over the
primary let's see what he says
the accountability is about deterrence
our democracy is on fire and we have to
preserve our democracy we've got to
preserve full and fair elections and so
the questions Christie should ask is
what is the new evidence you guys have
new evidence and to who's holding you
accountable for rigging your own
primaries that we all know is complete
rigged those would be the two questions
let's see what he asks him it's a big
part of what this is about
but the entities aren't gonna be held
accountable before the 2018 midterms
right I mean I've been around civil
litigation a little bit and boy does
that take a while so he didn't he didn't
ask any of those questions he didn't ask
what the new evidence is he didn't ask
about what about you guys rigging the
primary are you still gonna use
super-delegates which is the most
undemocratic thing in the world he got
nothing he just goes twice I bet that's
gonna take a while haha that's his big
question his first question why now his
second question is I know a little bit
that's gonna take a while
what the heck why don't you just have
his mom interview him Chris are you
kidding me
this is you woo well absolutely we won't
finish the case before now but we want
to send a very very clear signal if you
want to mess with elections here there
are going to be consequences and last
year in the Democratic Party that
there's no consequences whatsoever
because we go in front of a bought media
a guy like Chris Hayes who doesn't have
any integrity left and we get a we get
it's gonna give me a pass watch this
raising the cost of your interference we
know that this administration is Putin's
poodle and so they're not gonna do
anything a little bit Karthi smear on
top of it no one in the country gives a
 about this no one well you know
what's interesting is how they both
pointed out that this thing's gonna take
a really long time because it's music to
both their ears Russia Russia Russia is
going to continue indefinitely that's
what both of them want how about Jimmy
on October 24th 2016 Hillary Clinton
tweeted Donald Trump refused to say that
he'd respect the results of this
ah that's a direct threat to our
democracy we will continue to act if you
want to do that if you're gonna punch us
quite frankly Chris we're gonna punch
back and that's what this lawsuit is
about we are protecting our democracy
when you go after the right to vote when
you go after the institution of
Elections that is the essence of our
democracy so this wasn't simply an
attack on the DNC this was an attack on
our democracy just a few of the
reactions from some of the people that
are named here Roger so this is a few of
them so I'm not gonna ask you a question
ever Chris Hayes is just basically
saying I'm not gonna ask you a question
really I'm never gonna ask you a
question and somebody's gonna do now is
he's gonna read stuff that other people
have said and then not even make Tom
Perez answer it like watch this Joan
says it's bogus it's meritless it's a
blip baseless based on conjecture
speculation supposition somewhere is
left you go to Roger stone since when is
Roger stone anyone gives a what
Roger stone says about anything
what's when is Roger stone why would so
the reason why Chris Hayes goes to Roger
stone is to discredit the critics of
this stupid PR stunt which is what this
is this is a stupid transparent PR stunt
which actually basically already
backfiring on the Democrats that's how
horrible they are politics and Chris
Hayes nothing not saying one thing
relevant and in fact he does their
bidding that's what they do ed Schultz
just let us know that Chris Hayes got a
phone call from Phil Griffin saying this
is the story you're leading with and
this is what you're gonna say about it
Chris that's what it shows already let
us know what happens over there sanction
for wasting the Court's time
the Trump campaign says the Trump
campaign will be prepared to leverage
the discovery process explore the DNC's
now secret records about the actual
corruption they perpetrated and of
course the president tweeting that the
it's good news it will now counter for
the DNC server that they refused to give
to the FBI that is a great point
the DNC never gave their server to the
FBI why why oh I don't know you tell me
so that's game over if you don't want to
give your server to the FBI or the
Department of Homeland Security and you
think someone did something that's so
important they undermine our democracy
but you can't have our server you're
bullshitting and that's a great point
and Chris Hayes lets it go right by
watch this watch what he focuses on well
he's gonna focus on what some yellow
what's this and then he said the wendy
Wasserman Schultz servers I think that
even the waiter corrected to debbie
Wasserman Schultz document held by the
Pakistani mystery man and Clinton emails
what so what Chris Hayes is probably
gonna go hey why why is that you never
gave the server that's a big red flag
and my journalistic detector
just went off is that what he's gonna
say let's see the people you've sued
have gotten your attention I guess well
I mean he's even asked a question he is
yet to ask him a question in this entire
interview not one critical question not
one probing question nothing his first
question was why now his second question
was is it gonna take a while its third
question was well you've certainly got
the attention of the people that you
want to get the attention of this is a
guy who's held up is a journalist this
is what looks like when a journalist
gets paid $30,000 a day to prop up the
establishment in a democratic party and
do softball interviews with guys who are
 lying to the people well he might
still have some more questions I'm
predicting the last one is gonna be can
we take a selfie but let's see what
happens here we go that response it was
kind of a greatest hits of all their
wild conspiracy theories he's in the
middle of pushing a conspirator this is
how it works now so that's that just do
you need any more proof that people use
the term conspiracy theory to discredit
people with legitimate concerns because
that's a legitimate concern and what
he's doing is pushing a conspiracy with
no evidence and he's been doing it for
two years the conspiracy is Trump as a
Manchurian Candidate who's in bed with
the Rush
he has no evidence they've had a bone
tap for two frickin years and everybody
in that White House campaign are all
tapped
that's how William Binney explained it
to us
when they put a tap on one person next
to Trump they can now do two hops
meaning that person and anybody he talks
to and any person that person talks to
now they're all surveilled if they still
got nothing two years later
what's the evidence Tom Wow and here's
the thing for me Chris I spent 12 that
the thing for me is that I'm about good
bullshitter actually I'm not people see
right through me and I get booed at live
events ears or so at the Justice
Department they were some of the best
years of my professional life I worked
as a career prosecutor under Republican
and Democratic administrations I believe
in the civil justice system this case
now goes before an article 3 judge it's
not trial by Twitter its trial in a
court of law where fake news and it's
the things that they're talking about
that are just so unfashionable they're
he's in the middle of pushing a
conspiracy theory with no facts none and
he's allowed to say the exact opposite
on a news show on a news show that's
amazing
upside down and backwards people say
that when I won't buy into the Russia
gate conspiracy theory they go oh
Jimmy's a conspiracy theorist because he
doesn't buy into the Russia gate no
that's the exact opposite that's how
effed up everyone is and they're effed
up because of people like Chris Hayes
lets it happen journalistic malpractice
and on the highest order and he does it
right out in public just like Chris
Hedges says they're so brazen up they
just steal from you right out in public
he does this right out in public like
nobody who watches this show gives it
so who does watch that show what is the
brain deadness of the people who watch
this show
what they're saying and I want you to be
clear that's what they're saying is this
is fundamentally a political messaging
document it is not a serious lawsuit
well I'll tell you Kurt he says what
they're saying there you mean Roger
stone and Trump or how about I don't
know everyone in the world so he makes
it look like it's Roger stone and Trump
that's his big pushback and then he
won't even say hey to me it looks like a
PR document but he picks Roger stone and
Trump to discredit it and then he throws
it back into it's it's brilliant
brilliant a brilliant tool work by Chris
Hayes this is not about partisanship
it's about patriotism the lawsuit was
filed by the DNC
against the Nixon campaign that was the
exact response of the Nixon campaign and
John Mitchell and and other folks who
later became did the Nixon campaign prop
up a criminal clown and the other party
did they do that to Jesus Christ
convicted felons and we saw what
happened in Watergate and we will see
what will happen here 1972 shortly have
to break in 2000 so Chris Hayes just
totally goes whatever way he goes Chris
Hayes just follows him whatever he
brings up yeah it's true that is what
happened that is what happened it's true
this is he had so many soundbite
opportunities to when when Tom Perez
totally stuttered addressing some of the
critiques like oh well they are going
with their things that are totally
unfactual perfect opportunity oh so set
the record straight right now
the FBI saw the DNC servers then right
what what is that what you're not true
what what's so they so they saw it then
set the record straight
no no it's a settlement on the day that
Nixon leaks off leaves office oh I'm
mistaken I'm finally I'm senator Susan
what finally finally so now finally this
is his final question finally he comes
close come almost close to asking a
question most contested races in the
entire country of Missouri of course she
called this lawsuit a silly distract
and I wonder if you your response to
that well that's it and I wonder if you
are gonna admit what's obvious to
everyone including a senator and on a
Democratic Party that this is a silly
Chris Hayes doesn't have the balls that
Claire McCaskill has and he's not even
in the party he's not he's not a member
of the ruling party he's not he is that
the balls Claire McCaskill has is that
stunning well it's also stunning is that
the Democrats are so incompetent they're
making me agree with clear I think I'm
actually agreeing with her on this one
he can walk and chew gum I love senator
McCaskill we've invested in her race
we're gonna invest in her race because
she's a great senator and she's a great
senator who called you on your
but I'll tell you I disagree for the
simple reason that our democracy is at
risk here we have to make sure that the
elections coming up in November are fair
and they they invaded us the last time
they hacked the DNC they tried to
influence the outcome of the election
there's no accountability in the white
house and why wouldn't they do it again
and and we can walk and chew gum at the
DNC see chairman hey John Perez thank
you very much Jimmy that's it
that's it that was the whole interview
come on
even fake progressives that he brings
out his show would ask better questions
than that come on I like how he has the
analogy we can walk and chew gum at the
same time it's a you're a major
political party with no actual platform
no yeah in this analogy I wouldn't even
trust you to chew gum without giving you
thorough instructions first like don't
swallow it listen he can walk and chew
gum that doesn't mean we're gonna get
democracy I want to go back to that
point where Hillary Clinton so this is
in response to Chris Wallace saying
Trump will you honor the results of the
election and he goes well in time oh
well blah blah blah well her response
later Hillary's
was we've had free and fair elections
and we've accepted the outcomes when we
may not have liked them and that is what
must be expected of anyone standing on
this debate stage during a general
election to accept the results of the
election is there video of her saying
that oh it's not available on this oh
isn't that interesting that's not that
