so John McCain a lover of peace bringer
of comfort champion of the voiceless the
down'n champion and fighter for the
down-and-out defense contractor here's
how it here's how his death is being
this is the headline from HuffPo one of
a kind Washington remembers a legend so
I'll start off I should probably save
this this is probably the closer but I'm
just gonna start with it this is what
John Lewis said here's what John Lewis
so you know John Lewis civil rights
fighter who was said some crazy stuff
recently also stabbed Bernie in the back
remember that that was it right yeah
look so he says Senator John McCain was
a warrior for peace what even Bill Nye
even Bill Nye said that's just
did he really know I'm like nice bill
alright the way I handle it was breaking
representative John Lewis caught
plagiarizing the onion the guy who was a
well I'm gonna sew John Lewis you can
say hey John was a colleague of mine and
I always admired his honesty and as a
and he went and his ability to buck the
system when he did cuz there were there
were times he was a maverick but you
know overall know he's the status quo
conservative war mongering bloodthirsty
maniac in fact here is this is from the
nation these are the countries where
McCain has called for US military
intervention that one that one that all
these right all that Oh Iran Syria and
that the here's the the redder it is
seriousness of the threat from John
McCain salivating that's the red Libya
he really wanted Libya he really wanted
Syria and Iraq and Afghanistan
North Korea he really wants a war with
North Korea Afghanistan Syria Libya
Bosnia serious Bosnia Nigeria sued then
like soundbite Russia China Sudan Mali
Georgia
I remember what he's called he wanted us
to go to war in Georgia I remember that
we're all Georgians remember he said
that which means we're gonna go - we're
gonna go some we're being attacked so
we're gonna have to go to war right now
of course thank God he wasn't the
president cuz we didn't we didn't go so
there you go that's and that's not even
talking about his support for the
Contras and all the death squads and all
that stuff in South America and
Lautenberg so you know did give him a
fitting here's here's something you want
to know hain't John Louis you know who
else gave him a nice eulogy a nice tweet
Lockheed frickin Martin Lockheed Martin
want to know what they said here's what
Lockheed Martin said Senator John McCain
was an exceptionally courageous leader
and a true patriot who dedicated his
life and service to our nation and by
service to our nation meaning getting
more money for companies like Lockheed
Martin we joined the country and
mourning his loss throughout his career
he rightfully held all of us in the
national security industry to the
toughest and most demanding state do you
see what tough standards we have in the
defense what yet no matter how
passionate the debate or difficult the
message we always understood it for what
it was a determination to deliver the
best capability for our military and men
and women in uniform while ensuring the
taxpayer interests were properly served
the taxpayer interest you think that the
taxpayer interests are served by giving
you guys 20 billion dollars a year or at
getting the military 717 billion dollars
a year do you think the taxpayers are
being served Lockheed Martin
you mass murderers Harris Daniel
O'Mara said if I'm lovingly memorialized
by a massive defense contractor upon my
death you have my permission to spit on
my corpse and throw it in a - a pack of
wild dogs
this is worse than NAMBLA sending
flowers yeah that's a whoa he's right by
the way mmm he's right by the way so
John Lewis could could I Drive it home
any harder he's not a warrior for peace
one of the biggest bloodthirsty war
mongers in the history of our country
John McCain never met a war he didn't
like never met a terrorist he didn't
want to fund or kill and there's another
one of my great he says I hate the gooks
I will hate them as long as I live
what a hero that's John McCain and
here's just some of the people do this
well show you well look here's a rack
before here's a brac after John McCain
that's me was born here's Libya before
is Libya after John McCain
here's Yemen before here's Yemen after
here's Syria before
here's Syria after Jesus Christ look at
that John McCain was a warrior for peace
the same way ron jeremy is a porn star
for chastity ah just not looking at it
the right way nice uh in 1973
representative lewis paul got injure
wants you to know that in 1973 john
mccain spoke out to save the senate
funding for Nixon secret carpet bombing
of Cambodia which killed half a million
people remember remember how it works in
social media advocate for killing
millions of people no problem advocate
for killing one specific person you've
crossed the line so here it is from
Rolling Stone magazine McCain was eager
to make up for lost time and the times
were favorable to a high-profile veteran
willing to speak out in favor of the war
with the Senate moving to cut off funds
for the Nixon administration's illegal
bombing of Cambodia the president needed
all the help he could get two months
after his release John McCain related
his harrowing story of survival in a
13-page narrative and US News and World
Report at the end of which he launched
into an energetic defense of Nixon's
discredited foreign policy
I admire President Nixon's couraged
McCain wrote it is difficult for me to
understand why people are still
criticizing his foreign policy for
example the bombing in Cambodia that's
who John McCain is a guy who cheers on
and shames people who are questioning
Nixon's illegal murdering of a half a
million Cambodians that's what a half a
million again
kill half a million you're a patriot
kill one person you're a maniac and that
weird why cuz that helps the
military-industrial complex that kind of
thinking that's who John McCain is
representative Lewis and representative
Lewis knows this just so you know what
he did in Vietnam over 200 nights in
1973 alone two hundred and fifty seven
thousand four hundred and fifty six tons
of explosives fell in secret carpet
bombing sweeps half as many as were
dropped on Japan during the Second World
War the pilots flew at such great
heights they were incapable of
discriminating between a Cambodian
village and their targets North
Vietnamese supply lines nicknamed the Ho
Chi Minh Trail the bombs were of such
massive tonnage they blew out air drums
of anyone standing within one kilometre
status radius war correspondent James
Pringle who was two kilometres away from
a b-52 strike near Cambodia's border it
felt like the world was coming to an end
he recalls according to one genocide
researcher up to half a million
Cambodians were killed many of them many
of them children that's what john mccain
was cheering on the bombing and
murdering of children that's what that
is that's what happens that's why you
should all be anti-war
you want some more evidence John
representative John Lewis that what you
said was complete here he is
being asked about Tehran this is this is
right through the Iraq war started here
areas talking here we go I guess my
question is how many times do we have to
prove that these people are blowing up
people now never mind if they get a
nuclear weapon
when do we send them an airmail message
to tell you around
Hades why no gotta remind people that
these people are blowing people up
meaning the Iranians we just destroyed
Iraq right next door that but if these
are aliens who are homicidal maniacs I
love that such blank thinking so
he asked it when are we gonna send an
airmail message to Tehran when are we
gonna start bombing that country - and
they all start cheering and John McCain
instead of straightening them out well
you do you remember what he did each boy
song bomber and
[Music]
anyway ba-ba-ba-ba-bom I read you know
country that's it attackers doesn't have
nuclear weapons and so we could wipe
them out that's who John McCain is
representative Louis do you hear that
room full of maniacs
bloodthirsty maniacs let's go to war and
let's kill some people we don't know
when Iran let's cheer that on because
they're in another country you couldn't
share on killing people you didn't like
in your own country you couldn't share
that on but you could share on killing
people you don't like in another country
who you don't even know either that
weird well you know this whole thing I
kind of took the day off of social media
yesterday excited a trip or whatever so
III didn't see a lot of it until later
and I understand the whole sentiment of
let's not speak ill of the dead and
stuff like that and that's fine but you
know what that doesn't mean that doesn't
mean you have to pretend they were
something they weren't that doesn't mean
you have to celebrate them or make bogus
claims like they were a warrior for
peace when that that is just totally not
accurate at all you know what I think
President Bush though was a warrior for
peace yeah I think so
really he was a good man who just got it
wrong so let's remember the stupid tweet
that started this Senator John McCain
was a warrior for peace he will be
deeply missed by people around the world
doing the people he advocated for
killing all around the world all around
the world like as for god that's such a
it's he couldn't by the way here's one
of hurts of John McCain tweet Qaddafi's
out on his way out
Bashar al-assad is next this is the kind
of bloodthirsty maniac he is
let's go killings leaders of countries
let's go kill them and by the way Bashar
al-assad is laughing right now
guess he outlived you and John Lewis if
you don't remember how let me remind you
you hate John McCain you think
he's a race baiter
you think he's horrible you know how I
know this because of New York Times told
me you did this is congressman rebukes
McCain for his recent rallies this was
from October 11th 2008 representative
John Lewis the Georgia Democrat and
civil rights leader said Saturday that
Senator John McCain and his running mate
governor Sarah Palin were sowing the
seeds of hatred and division in a way
that reminded him of former governor
George Wallace and another destructive
you said he was like George Wallace the
racist this is John Lewis saying that
about John McCain just freakin eight
years ago you called him a racist you
cut in a blistering statement reacting
to the angry crowds that mccain-palin
rallies in the past week that have
shouted off with his head and other
insults about Senator Barack Obama
mr. Lewis said quote during another
period in the not-too-distant past there
was a governor of the state of Alabama
named George Wallace who also became a
presidential candidate George Wallace
never threw a bomb he never fired a gun
but he created the climate and the
conditions that encouraged vicious
attacks against the innocent Americans
who were simply trying to exercise their
constitutional rights that's what you
said about John McCain that he was
creating an environment like George
Wallace which is destructive to America
which doesn't stick up for the most
vulnerable that's what he said eight not
even a decade ago you said that in in
that amazing you said that in public
about him now he's a warrior for peace
and he's missed all over the world you
mean George Wallace do you understand
why people don't trust politicians you
understand why you're all why do you
have to constantly here's this
is from the New Republic here's where
John McCain responded to you want to see
the love that you guys had for each
other but she also accused Obama of
Palin this is Sarah Palin she accused
Obama of Palin around with terrorists it
wasn't entirely positive John McCain
says well if she attacked Obama and
Biden that's that's that is fairly stay
they go paddling around with terrorists
and he says with all due respect you
never heard about when John Lewis said
my campaign was worse than the
Birmingham church bombing that may have
escaped your attention huh it did I
agree that is bad
okay well that is what he did when they
orchestrated this racism effort against
me maybe Sarah Palin said Palin around
with terrorists but the things that were
said about me and her were far worse
I'll never forgive John Lewis but Jimmy
he said with all due respect which is
something warriors for peace often say
[Laughter]
[Music]
so I just want to show you again what
Ron said you don't have to say horrible
things about him drown Lewis you don't
have to lie so now people have a totally
perverted view of history and what war
mongers do and their consequences a guy
used called George Wallace just a few
years ago now he would so what one
should I but what's John Lewis should I
believe how about I don't believe you
anymore ever
I saw you lie about Bernie I see you lie
about this guy is that are you get Cetus
so you build up will you build up enough
you is it like a bank account you build
up enough integrity that you could just
start lying at the end of you I got a
bunch build-up I can start lying at the
end of my life just start lying or
crazily crazy lies public public public
crazy lies well you can also go to
debbie Wasserman Schultz and take out
some lies on interest ah very high
interest very high very high interest
never be sure about those lies she's a
she's a debbie Wasserman shields
recording of representative John Lewis
that debbie Wasserman Schultz is a
warrior for good for low interest rate
she's a warrior for students she's at
work she is she's a warrior for a single
payer and she's she's a warrior for uh
for a rational banking system she's a
warrior
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
