hi everybody I'm here with Rob black Oh
howdy howdy Jimmy how good to see it
guess who's running for Senate Ron
that's Chelsea Manning and and here we
go here's the commercial campaign
commercial we live in trying times times
of fear of suppression you don't need
more or better leaders we need someone
willing to fight we need to stop asking
them to give us our rights they won't
support us
they won't compromise we need to stop
expecting that our systems will somehow
fix themselves we need to actually take
the reins of power from them we need to
challenge them at every level we need to
fix this
we don't need them anymore we can do
better
you're damn right we got this I love
that commercial yeah damn right we got
this yeah I like it all right someone
who's so she's shown she's gonna fight
she took on torture she knew what was
coming when she's out at war crimes of
our government she knew what was coming
so well what she did was she was
convicted in 2013 of stealing 750,000
pages of says to the government
documents and videos and leaking them to
WikiLeaks and received a sentence of 35
years in prison on 20 counts including
violating the Espionage Act and then
President Obama commuted the sentence in
January of 2017
and now she's running against Ben Cardin
he's 74 he is not announced if he's
gonna seek a third term in the Senate
his campaign committee has nearly 2
million dollars in cash on hand yeah and
and they don't get to directly keep that
money when they retire but they kind of
pretty close get to keep it they get to
create another pack and then they get to
have it forever and they can use it for
whatever they want so even though they
can't directly funnel it right into
their pocket they are pretty close so
that two million bucks if you don't run
a we get to do what we want well bad boy
here's the guy that she's gonna run
again so he looks like a symbol of the
establishment if they're ever there was
one
but you could say that about Bernie
Sanders how he looks the same way right
yeah but they're but this guy is totally
different than Bernie Sanders how do I
know that well over at the Glenn
Greenwald tells us that he has a
remarkably few achievements for being in
Congress for so many years Ben Cardin
one of his few distinctions is that he
became one of the Senate's most reliable
and loyal supporters of Apex agenda and
the Israeli government if not the single
most loyal so we know who APEC is it's
the group that lobbies on behalf of
Israel here in the United States that
has all the politicians in their pocket
which is why even though most of you
know just like the United States Trump
might be in power most people here don't
support them Israel is very close to the
same thing even though
in power there's lots of people in
Israel that don't support their
right-wing agenda okay so keep that in
mind and that's who APEC represents the
people who do support Netanyahu in their
agenda and that's who cartons in the
pocket of in fact Manny's opponent in
the Democratic Party is one of the most
standard banal typical privileged and
mediocre politicians in the US Congress
as according to Glenn Greenwald
Benjamin Cardin a 74 year old white
straight man who is seeking his third
six-year Senate term but cartons
crowning achievement came last year did
he's one of these guys listen to this
when he authored a bill that would have
made it a felony to support a boycott an
economic boycott of Israel a bill that
was such a profound assault on the basic
First Amendment freedoms that the ACLU
instantly denounced it that's who Ben
Cardin is the guy who Chuck so he wants
to suppress your rights make actually
exercising the First Amendment a crime
that's what Ben Cardin is trying to do
whereas Chelsea Manning put her life in
harm's way to expose crimes of the
government and give us more freedom and
transparency in our government despite
all this this Glenn Greenwald talking or
perhaps because of it establishment
Democrats wasted no time in mocking and
denouncing Manning's bid to become the
first ever trans woman in the Senate
instead quickly lining up in support
behind the great the straight white male
who has wielded power for decades and
here's well here's near a tendency now
she's that fake she runs the Center for
American Progress which is Hillary
Clinton's campaign managers organization
he founded so she's in bed with the
Clinton campaign and if Clinton would
have gotten the White House she would
have some White House position she'd be
very important right now well they lost
that she's not so she's bitter and she's
blaming everybody except themselves and
here's her tweet her tweet says senator
cardin authored and released a 200 page
masterpiece on Russian influence in
Western elections suddenly he has a
primary from Kremlin stooge Assange
WikiLeaks primary source Chelsea Manning
the Kremlin plays the extreme left to
swing elections remember that
so they're doing that's McCarthyism
that's what that if you're to the left
of the corporate Democrats you're a
Kremlin puppet they're literally doing
what McCarthy did
that's literally what they're doing now
Chelsea Manning who's a patriot in a
hero is being smeared by one of Hillary
Clinton's besties and one of the most
powerful people the head of the Center
for American Progress is just literally
smearing anybody to the left of her as a
Kremlin puppet that's the most
disgusting thing you could do near a
tendon a disgusting human being how she
got anybody has to listen to what she
has to say in politics is beyond me
no one's ever voted for near a tendon
when she gives his speech five people
show up the only reason she has power is
because people with money she's
connected to them and here she is
smearing to the left she's literally
doing what the right wing does if you're
on the Left you're a Kremlin puppet
anybody to the left of Wall Street is a
Kremlin puppet according to the
Democrats and just for clarifications
sake she retweeted this this was so
she's endorsing her so she's a door
cygnus yes she retweeted this is some
guy Josh Manning who knows who that is
mm-hmm this is near attend and
retweeting this yes I'm sorry I didn't
make that clear I'm sorry thanks for
that yeah so now anybody to the left of
Wall Street is a Kremlin puppet that's
where we're at there Chelsea Manning is
probably there's a good chance of
becoming a senator yeah I wish it was
pre priests Russian smearing her yeah I
wish there was a way I could somehow
like become a resident of Maryland just
long enough to vote for her and then
yeah Los Angeles here's another one
Zack pipette Canlis how does that how
you say his name I don't know how to say
his last name pet canis but Canada has
canis but you have to say it eight times
like the amount of times he say any
times in a mirror so he tweeted out I
should show you that but I don't have it
that Jill Stein is a Russian puppet
right or an agent something like that
and he treated out eight times he just
said it well when you repeat a lie a
bunch that's when people start to
believe like you repeated Chelsea
Manning could have leaked the info
anywhere Zack says he tried sheet when
it was he was she was he tried to work
with the new
times by the way they were all working
together WikiLeaks New York Times and
Chelsea she went to an arm of Russian
intelligence bent on supplanting liberal
democracy worldwide with right-wing
authoritarian that's just that's just
like some thing that's just they just
say that you just get to say that mm-hmm
yeah you just say that about WikiLeaks
when licky leaks was exposing crimes
inside the core inside the George Bush
White House the Democrats loved him yep
they loved Julian Assange they loved it
when they were talking about how bad the
the war inside being run by the Bush
White House was and then yeah they were
trying to suppress that left-wing regime
the Bush administration s so just
whatever will fit your narrative just
make it up that which is what's this guy
Zak is doing she and and Sheik - and all
unapologetic Russian assets winning and
unwitting don't belong in the Senate so
this this is amazing this is the world
we're living in by the way Caitlin
Johnson tweeted out this is the same
drooling idiot who a helped to run a
presidential campaign that lost her a
reality TV star and be recently tweeted
the phrase Jill Stein as a Russian agent
eight times
here's Daniel Ellsberg Daniel Ellsberg
is universally regarded as a hero and a
truth teller at the time when he
revealed the Pentagon Papers which
revealed decades-long lying by the
government about the Vietnam War which
is what the Pentagon Papers did reveal
decades-long lying and that's why he's
like wow every administration has been
lying to the American public Kennedy
Johnson Nick we got to get we got to
tell him the truth
so he tells the truth about it which
they smeared him then called him a
puppet of the Kremlin in Russian and all
that stuff just like they did they do
that to anybody who sticks up for the
truth or people and so now he's
considered a hero by everybody by the
way there's a movie out right now by
about this right the Washington Post
what's the movie called the post yeah
yeah host so now he's a hero took took
for the forty years later or fifty years
later he's super big hero and here's
what he says about Chelsea Manning
see speaking for myself there's no one
on this earth that I identify with more
than with you we have different
backgrounds of different circumstances
but each of us faced life in prison as
you face an exorbitant an enormous
sentence right now for doing what we
knew was the right thing to do telling
the truth about a wrongful war I know
that this might have change in your life
justice had meant a change in my life
and I have felt from the moment I heard
your words in the chat logs in fact that
you were prepared to give your life if
necessary in order to share these truths
with the American people in hopes of
ending the suffering of people that we
have treated horribly a crime against
humanity really which America has never
yet faced up to what we have done to the
people of Iraq and indeed in Afghanistan
is will you've had an enormous effect
more than I would say the Pentagon
Papers were able to have in the short
run at least in terms of your
inspiration for the Arab Spring in terms
of the awakening people to the crimes of
torture and detention that we have
continued to commit in Iraq and
inspiring really through the Arab Spring
and the change of government in Tunisia
and a fair retreat Egypt you should know
that you've directly inspired the Occupy
movement in this country and as I have
said very often I believe that without
the cables you revealed on the
atrocities that had gone unprosecuted in
this country atrocities our own troops
committed that we would now have tens of
thousands perhaps more troops in Iraq
right now in harm's way and many of them
would have died as well as more
atrocities have occurred so you have
actually saved lives I'm sure without
any note and I really believe that you
will never regret
which we have done despite the hardship
that you face I say this because I've
known a number of people who spent years
in prison not as long as you were
charged with or I was charged with but I
do not know one who regretted the
actions they had taken to resist
non-violently the Vietnam War and they
were proud of having done it and
realized that it was the right thing to
do so I think of you as a sibling here
as someone that I identify with very
much and admire and when I say I
identify I would have to say that I
identify what you did with my own
actions at my best and like every human
I'm not always at my best but I do
respect the truth-telling I did 40 years
ago and I will always respect and admire
what you have done for the world Wow Wow
there you go so uh that's what Daniel
Ellsberg thinks of Chelsea Manning I
guess that he's out of lockstep with the
Democrats yeah well I mean I just what
greater qualification could there be for
public service right then a proven
history of putting your neck on the line
putting your life on the line to expose
injustice I I can't think of a better
one can you know let's remember what
Malcolm X said if you read the
newspapers they'll have you loving your
oppressors and hating the people who are
oppressed so that's what they're trying
to do right now and Daniel Ellsberg and
Chelsea Manning messed with the deep
state they messed with the intelligence
community and let's remember what they
do if you bet if you tell the truth
about their crimes
remember what they'll do to you you take
on the intelligence community they have
six ways from Sunday it's getting back
at you so even for a practical
supposedly hard-nosed business you take
on the intelligence community they have
six ways to Sunday to get back at you
look at that they tortured Chelsea
Manning put her in prison for years for
exposing their crimes
so that's what's happening now there
there uh and here's an article about
that centrist stems launched smear
campaign against young trans woman all
to keep an old straight white man in
power so that's what's happening right
now is y'all you saw the tweets you saw
it's gonna be get worse I can't wait to
watch Rachel Maddow's do a smear piece
on Chelsea Manning cuz that's coming to
watch a gay woman smear a trans woman
mm-hmm
that'll be fun right yeah well we'll see
we'll see fingers crossed Rachel doesn't
go down that path I have a feeling she
will well I think it would either be
that or she was just an ignore it
entirely yeah either that or she'll
ignore it okay I don't watch any more
people you watch those show I can't
watch that MSNBC anymore it's just too
disgusting it's too horrible it's
horrible every time I watch it for five
minutes I've got a whole week's for the
shows she's just showing all the stupid
stuff that's happening over there and
there's people who want to go out in
those shows please make sure you're
subscribed cuz they don't want you to
see this show they want you to watch
MSNBC on YouTube now I've said we've
gotten emails from people saying hey all
the sudden I was unsubscribed from your
show and I would subscribe to MSNBC and
CNN I never subscribed to them so is
that true is that is I would would you
does that sound crazy no it sounds like
something they would do are they doing
it I don't know I just telling you I got
an email about it I know for sure
they're unsubscribing people we know
that we've confirmed that that you'll be
concealed be unsubscribed from our show
even though you think you're subscribed
they don't send you notices on your
videos even though they're supposed to
these are lots of unsubscribe multiple
times multiple times from people they
were like they were like three times I
had to yeah yeah why would they just say
that to us so thank you for doing that
thank you for your support our next live
show is February 16th that's a Friday in
Burbank California lots of shows over at
Jimmy Dore comedy calm we'll see you
that thanks for your support
[Music]
