hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
I'm here with Rob black owned and staff
that morado hi Jimmy
hello I mixed it up I said Ron's name
first so you know they're such at the
the cable news seems to me I don't know
maybe because I pay attention to the
news but it seems like they have a great
influence on the culture and what people
talk about you know morning Jo balls got
eight people sitting around sometimes
twenty they can't get enough people on
that panel in the morning right there's
always like there's like three hosts for
hope there's willie Geist there's me so
likeable
I mean Willie little he's got the pouty
lips
willie Geist Mike Mike and Joe and then
that barnacle the regular guy dressed
who's actually a millionaire is he
married to again he's wife is the
executive at a bank Wall Street bank and
then they'll have like three three Wall
Street insiders kind of sitting next to
each other and they shoot for diversity
yeah there's usually seven or eight
people there anyway well they did a poll
so they they figured this out of ad week
did a thing and they figured out who's
watching yeah you know like we should
get Nielsen ratings so this is here is
the number of for the month of July
twenty eight twenty eighteen for total
viewers in the morning these are their
morning shows so it says FoxNews total
viewers 1.4 million MSNBC while 1
million little over 1 million and CNN
half a million CNN's getting their ass
kicked in the morning huh yeah maybe
they maybe they bring their Blitzer in
the morning see what happens and then
this and then the number down here this
is the demo right this is the important
demo but people between 25 and 54 that's
what Iser is like right ok so I by the
way I was an advertising major in
college just so you know and I did get
my degree
thank you very much marketing
communications I got maybe
okay thank you and Columbia College so
there you go
Fox News in the demo 300,000 MSNBC in
the demo a little over 200,000 and CNN
about a hundred and fifty thousand in
the demo we get more viewers than these
people in our videos we've got a video
it gets that many for you sometimes yep
ah so from TV doozer ad week so then
they break it so by the so I just want
to let you know that is less than 1% of
the country
watches the cable in the morning cable
news shows so morning joe balls on for
by I think 15 hours in the morning and
it seems like it right I think he's had
three hours in the morning with 14,000
commercial breaks with 14,000 commercial
breaks so they give him so they're a
lefty news station and they like to kick
off their broadcast day with three hours
of right wing talking points that's 15
hours a week to Joe Scarborough just
thinking about that anyway so
Michael Tracy made the point that that's
less than 1% of the country and they
seem to have some undue influence over
the culture so there's this again this
is just a morning shows but Wow
so here they and then they break so just
keep that in mind it's a very no one's
watching and they're losing viewers
again right so Trump helped them for a
while well here's what they say host so
hosted by Ainsley Earhardt really Steve
Doocy
and Brian Kilmeade that's her name
Ainsley Fox and Friends finished July as
the number one cable news morning
program in total viewers for the two two
hundred and first straight month that's
a lot of months that is a while yeah
so what's 12 into 201 how many years is
that twelve was in 220
it's almost is that what that is the
Graduate just said 17 to 18 years
without a calculator it is it is 16
point 75 so yeah nailed it I use the
calculator though it may delay that
without me
so almost almost 17 years mm-hmm did you
really do that in your head good for
your job man I'm bad at math I can't do
math you just did it so it says that
they they have averaged at one point
four six million total viewers so uh
that's Bacchus that's respect about so
you know anything over around a million
that's pretty respectable no I don't
know it seems respectable that's pretty
good but I mean that there's always
there's always questionable ways they go
about like determining yeah these
numbers yeah you know I mean they give
the highest estimates they can because
they want TV news to still be relevant
so this is the Nielsen live Plus same
day data so big it's a mouthful hey if
you have you had a look at the Nielsen
life loss same day data what's that the
Nielsen live per se they died there's
there's gotta be an industry like lingo
for it lately with stuff like you want
to look at our same day our same days
really hot Verte eyes with us check out
our same day hey what's your day data
what's your double D oh well actually
we're down 10% in the double D's
that's according to double V Vince
Vaughn Jimmy baby
so it says per nielsen per deal said
life plus same day data that's actually
minus two percent versus the program so
they are down actually so they're down
two percent from the July in 2017 that's
how corporations do stuff and you know
how I found that out I was in a comedy
club one time in Minneapolis it was
called knuckleheads and it was in the
Mall of America and it wasn't it was a
good guy I enjoyed playing there there
so a club there
yes it's run by the guy who runs it I
like a lot but that club had a little
bit of an echo yeah yeah it's in a mall
it's big but anyway they got bought by a
corporation knuckleheads right so like
Gillian's or some that owns they own all
these like David Buster's and dogs and
all these things so then they bought
this comedy club to knuckleheads weird
and so when I'm in the getting a drink
in the bar and I see they have last year
what the waitress is sold that week and
they had four and they're supposed to
and they and I go what is that for they
go cuz we're supposed to be better every
you know he supposed to be better than
last year's week and I'm like but you
probably had a different comedian here
who sold different amount of tickets and
how can they fricking hold you
accountable to something that doesn't
make any sense so that's all they think
about they didn't think about well you
know we'll try to have a better show and
bring people back and no was just
bailiffs to help me drinks meself
it's just weird anyway pernil said live
Plus same day data they're down two
percent from their July 2017 live Plus
same day delivery Oh what about a live
Plus same-day delivery that was that
different than Live Plus same-day data
it's definitely different than three day
delivery those stats are totally
different yeah the three day delivery
that's that you get that ground mmhmm
yeah that comes ups that four Nielsen
that's UPS three three day delivery not
Nielsen so and they're all tracks and
friends was also minus 10 percent among
adults 25 to 54 this past month first
the previous month
oh wow so that seems significant they're
down in the demo hosted oh then here we
go to MSNBC hosted by mica or do you say
mica I say mica cuz I like floor mica
mica Brzezinski joe scarborough and
willie Geist they don't even mention the
old guy what's his name the monocle Mike
Barnicle
didn't even mention him
yep you know Ron you look at me like you
don't watch Morning Joe when you send me
a clip to write jokes about that's when
I want it that's when I catch up so it
ranked number two across the board for
the month so they were also down one
percent similar to Fox and Friends
Morning Joe lost significantly more
traction verse twenty seventeen among
adults twenty five to fifty four the
program was minus thirteen percent in
the demo this past month so they're down
thirteen percent in the demo hosted by
oh now we go to CNN hosted by Allison
Camerata and John Berman CNN's new day
struggled to July 2018 relative to July
2017 the program averages five hundred
and four thousand via viewers total
total yes pretty considering their reach
that's pretty bad that is horrible yeah
that's that's me T's tell you yeah it's
or they're broadcasting for three hours
in the morning these are all three hours
there I guess sir so if we did three
hours of videos do you know how many
views we would get we would get way more
views than 500-thousand mm-hmm yeah
we're not being like piped in and so now
Bobby you see that right knee look at
that we don't have any of that going
yeah we're not out of the airport yeah
we're not on it in in bars right that's
the thing to every anyway so uh that's
horrible fire that's pretty bad
Wow so now you know why CNN smeared us
mm-hmm
now you know because they want to get
advertisers afraid to advertise on
YouTube where we actually have a real
the closest thing you could ever have to
a firewall between advertisers in our
cut and our editorial content because we
know we don't talk to the I don't have
talked to anybody I don't know how those
ads get there I don't know what happens
I just say whatever I say baby and I let
it rip every time somebody logs onto
YouTube with a web cam CNN is just like
we lost another one huh we're gonna man
so they're down 13% they were at 580 now
they're down to 508
the program was down even more in the
demo in the demo they're down 25%
[Music]
alright it's fun to talk how we gonna
get those demo numbers up we just gotta
figure out we're gonna get the deal to
save deidara
we're gonna get the same day in the
demos up we yeah what about a hit bonus
ok day data I don't know what I just
said I really don't know so here's the
nice chart doesn't look good Jimmy this
chart I found this chart it is from this
is from Nielsen Media Research and it
this charts the viewership of the
nightly Network News starting in 1980 so
in starting in 1980 you wouldn't believe
how many people used to watch the
network news
that's why Tom Brokaw is still so
popular because people alive remember
him so over 50 million people would
watch The Evening News 50 million people
would watch The Evening News when I was
a kid when I was a kid look at that and
then it just starts going down and down
and down under its hits under 40 in
1992-93 it goes under 40 million well
did you know it was under 30 min I'm
sorry Steph it goes under 30 million in
22 bound 2002 can I just say the
beginning of the decline in the 80s also
I think has to be connected to the idea
that they started to launch cable news
well cable news really happen in the 90s
well in 1980 oh so maybe that may be
snow but I was kidding I know that's
crazy right we grew up with Wolf Blitzer
most butchers went on CNN starting for
since the 80s I don't know I'm gonna
find out no he can't be Larry King so
now this only this this only goes to
2010 so it's down to just above 20
million people so that's over a 50%
reduction but from what I hear it's been
stable ever since 2011 so just around 20
million people watch the evening
split up I guess I'm guessing that CBS
NBC ABC does that mean PBS Evening News
- are they including CNN Evening News or
just probably just broadcast yeah that's
a good question is probably like I'm not
sure if it only applies to cable or it
applies to all the other networks as
well yes so that's this is from a 2011
study so there you go it's now it's
falling from over 50 million to just
above 20 million that's over that's like
a 60% to climb again I can't do numbers
I don't know can you do numbers alright
so there you go the average please or no
so lest less than I know of means times
so you go hey what's 20% of 50 where you
go 20 times but I don't understand how
to do backwards
hey 50 is what percent of time I don't
know how to do it though yeah anyway so
just think about that when you think
about Fox and friends and friends and
friends and Morning Joe ball and Allison
camera Rita is that her name today right
or whoever's that CNN I just read it I
can't remember it but so no one's
watching those shows just keep that in
mind no one's watching them and people
go well if you combine CNN and MSNBC
they they beat Fox okay
hooray hooray good for you still no
one's watching well you know Jimmy I
just went to the CNN website to see if
they were going to announce anything
about their bad ratings well the press
release that I find actually celebrates
their great rating oh yeah and how
they're beating MSNBC and how MSNBC
afternoon ratings yeah I have declined
by 20 percent but in nowhere in this
press release about their ratings in the
afternoon did they indicate what their
source was for their research okay well
I'm back in the afternoon they hit the
demos afternoon the same day then - same
day day oh did they get the same day day
data they get the double D's okay so I
just thought that was in
saying nope nope no you're not missing
anything by the way if you don't watch
any close Joseph you're not missing
anything
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
