hi everybody so you know this tragic
story right so this is the the widow of
Sergeant Lee David Johnson who was
killed in this year and the big story is
that Trump called this Widow and and was
insensitive to her by saying that he her
husband knew what he was signing up for
so now there was a Republican
representative in the car when that
woman took the call and she heard that
and she reported back which what Trump
said to her and the Trump administration
pushed back so Trump's General Kelly
well here it is the White House keeps
attacking congresswoman who has been
right all along here he is that's the
four-star general Kelly who who got
upset that of congresswoman told the
truth about what Trump said to a dead
soldier's wife so this guy decided to
smear ur why because what kind of a guy
wants to work for Donald Trump anyway a
 like this do you think
these guys have integrity and character
they make their life killing people this
guy you think that guy has character and
integrity I'm gonna say he doesn't why
cuz guess what he did Wilson who was
with so that this is the Wilson is the
representative from Florida who was with
Johnson when Trump called and heard the
conversation on a speakerphone said
Tuesday that Trump had told Johnson that
her husband must have known what he
signed up for the comments during a
condolence call Wilson said showed that
Trump had no feelings for anyone so
that's what though and the woman and the
widow started crying Trump responded the
following morning by alleging that
Wilson totally fabricated the
conversation and claiming he had proof
that her version of events was not true
then on Thursday Ella David Johnson's
aunt
Kawano Jones Johnson who said she was
also present during the call
corroborated Wilson's version of events
so it turns out Trump is lying so that
you think that would just be the end of
it and that Trump would say something
outrageous about something else and we'd
all follow that story no
as part of a larger attempt to paint
Wilson as a political showboat Kelley
alleged that Wilson does his general
Kelly alleged that representative Wilson
had taken credit for securing the
federal funding for the construction of
a new FBI our FBI building in Miramar
Florida Kelley was present at the 2015
ceremony dedicating the building in his
capacity as head of the US military
Southern Command so this guy general
Kelley just brings up a totally
unrelated story to try to smear this
congresswoman not rebuffed not pushback
on what she's saying that she's lying or
fun because Trump was the one who just
got caught lying so what does he do he
comes out and smears her instead of
apologizing for the president lying
that's how much character those
four-star generals have four-star
general you know you know gave him that
start another corrupt piece of
that's who gave him that four-star get
the a congresswoman stood up and in
the long tradition of empty barrels
making the most noise this is what
general Kelly said stood up there and in
all of that and talked about how she was
instrumental in getting the funding for
that building and how she took care of
her constituents because she got the
money and she just called up President
Obama and on that phone call he gave the
money the 20 million to build the
building and she sat down this is what
kelly said the woman the congresswoman
was saying when she was dedicating the
building at the ceremony turns out
that's all made up and that's a lie
because mr. four-star integrity is a
liar he's a he's a he's a murderer and a
liar right he's a hire I'm sorry he's
not a murderer he's a killer he's a
hired killer and he's a liar instead
Wilson drew praise at the ceremony from
Republican this is what actually
happened what actually happened was the
congresswoman drew praise at the
ceremony from Republican representative
Ileana Rasul left Lebanon and then and
she also got praise from the then FBI
director James Comey for pushing through
legislation naming the building after
two deceased FBI agents so she's getting
lauded by the other people there Wilson
during her ceremony speech took credit
for ensuring that the buildings were
named after the agents but not for
securing the funding according to the
video of the event obtained by the
sun-sentinel so after Kelly said that
smear of the congresswoman reporters
went and watched that video turns out
she didn't say that stuff so Kelly was
lying and so now at a press conference
they wanted to ask Kelly directly to his
face why he lied and watch house that
this is the press secretary Sanders
again tough job to be a press secretary
what you're basically is is a hired
bullshitter and a liar and somehow we
hold these people in esteem they're
they're paid to lie to the American
people I understand you have to have
this position you have somebody has to
do it but I don't understand well we
have to elevate these people to act to
be something that they're not they're
not helping right these are professional
bullshitters of the American people when
you have a that's all they do okay so
watch what happens somebody asks the
question and let's watch how many stupid
things she can say at once you know that
most of it was her effusive ly praising
these FBI agents so he so he's he said
have you seen the video she says yes I
have he explains well then you know that
what the general said is a lie that's
basically what he's gonna say when she
was talking about what she did in
Congress she was not talking about
getting security of 20 million dollars
she was talking about naming the
building she also mentioned that and she
also had quite a few comments that day
that weren't part of that speech and
weren't part of that video that were out
know also witnessed by many people that
were there oh my god no evidence can't
point to these many people I can't even
tell you a name of a person I can't even
tell you the name of a person who heard
it but many people make comments after
that event but this is who these people
are that's who these people I mean
that's that's what she does she's a
professional liar so
not pretend she's anything else that's
what press secretaries for the president
are they're professional liars they have
to lie in a way that you can't call them
a liar so it goes on what general Kelley
referenced yesterday specifically
because she said and he said can you
tell us specifically what he's
referencing what it was general Kelley
referencing when he was making these
slanderous and erroneous and lying lies
about the congresswoman out of
grandstanding he was stunned that she
had taken that opportunity to make it
about herself
can he come out here and talk to us
about this because he lied he lied
yesterday Wow
can he come out and talk about this
because the president lied first and
then he lied to smear someone who told
the truth that's what a four-star
general does he smears someone who told
the truth about the president what a
good American that guy is what a
 what the bottom of the barrel
scumbag general Kelley is is it a
surprise that a guy who makes his life
killing people his whole life that's the
focus of his life killing people are now
serving a like Donald
Trump is a integrity challenge
liar does that surprise anybody because
it doesn't surprise me and stop
respecting because I got a
star on their shoulder
go get a real job anyway there's a
little bit more to this address that
pretty thoroughly yesterday he was wrong
yesterday and talking about getting the
money the money so he's telling her he
was wrong and her response is this I'm
talking about getting the money the
money base do you want to go after Kelly
that's up to you but I think that that
if you want to get into a debate with a
four-star marine general I think that
that's
inappropriate ha Wow
you know you can't if forced our
generals that they don't lie and if you
say that that's something wrong with you
that's inappropriate for you to push
back when it's obvious he's lying and so
now she lies to cover another liar who
was covering for another liar and that's
how government works this isn't new this
isn't new to Donald Trump but I just
wanted to tell you that these people who
were stars and they're in the military
they're not any better than anyone else
and they have no more integrity than you
in fact a lot of they have less they're
hired killers they're part of the
 war machine general Kelly that
guy has integrity you see at a moment's
notice
he'll become the worst person in the
world and smear people for telling the
truth about power
that's who general Kelly is he says
 bad as Trump if you think Trump
is bad maybe you know I happen to think
he's may he's bad we have horrible
leaders not just Trump Democrats too you
know how I feel anything to say about
this Wow you know I think you're missing
the real story here Oh what is the real
story why would we put an FBI building
in Florida was it an FBI Fridays
[Music]
[Laughter]
well how horrifying that there's this
deference to position a military general
that she says how you know you're really
gonna question Kelly a four-star marine
general yes I am I really am and I
actually want him out here to respond to
these questions right now oh really he's
gonna kill you well I mean that was like
kind of like you should be intimidated
you're gonna be left alone with this guy
I mean the president's higher than that
so if you're not intimidated by all the
lives of the president what's the
four-star general gonna why is that
because he's talking about getting the
money the money to you that I think that
if you want to go after if you want to
go after him making it sound like the
reporters doing something nefarious you
want to go after you mean if you want to
ask him why he lied that
you mean when you could say go after you
mean asked him why he lied that's what
you mean
you liar yourself is that what
you mean if you want to get into a
debate with a 4-star marine general I
think that that's a great debaters
they're known for their debating yeah if
you want to get into it I don't know if
you remember but General Petraeus was
our top General and that guy should be
in prison because that because guess
what happened he gave top secret
information to a girl he was banging a
reporter a reporter a reporter he gave
top secret information to and any lied
about it he lied about it to the FBI
that guy should be in prison
that's another four-star general they're
all creeps they're all professional
killers it doesn't make them good people
it actually means they're something
maybe a little wrong with them I don't
know if you've ever seen a movie about a
general they're all a little
crazy huh I wouldn't let him babysit my
kid anyway just before we end this I
just want to let you know sergeant Lee
David Johnson's there have a scholarship
for his kids his unborn kid and his on
one daughter isn't that nice that we
have to do a little charity that the
government just doesn't send his kids to
school yeah you have to go fund it yeah
we have to go fund me for this guy but
we're gonna spend another eighty billion
dollars a year on the military because
the Democrats went along with the
Republicans 80 billion we just pulls out
of our ass no debate over it no
discussion no Sunday Town Hall's no
tienen with Anderson Cooper debating at
nothing we Dennis did it like that and
you know what that could have paid for
they're gonna pay for free college for
everybody in the country and we wouldn't
have to do a GoFundMe for a dead
soldiers kids but no we'd rather give
that to the military-industrial complex
and why because they're all corrupted
through all criminal corrupted liars
that's who represents you your
government is now working against you
Democrats and Republicans are working
against you every day what do
you think this is why is that guy dead
because he's in this year is he is he
protecting the Constitution in this year
or is he over at the behest of the
 petrol dollar and so yeah maybe
we could have a goddamn program that I
don't know sends dead soldiers kids to
college you think they could do that
they don't give a about him they
don't give a about his kids and I'm
talking about the Democrats in Congress
and in the Senate it'll give a
their grandstanding because they can
embarrass Trump over this if they gave a
 they would take care of the
soldiers and they don't and we all know
they don't how much money did they just
approve for more eighty billion it's
well it's seven hundred billion dollars
over ten years and it's about eighty
billion a year which by the way could
have wiped out all the student debt
remember when John Oliver said you can't
do that remember then that guy
from another country who doesn't know a
 thing about this country who
said that remember him he said you can't
do that when you can remember that guy
who comes from a country that has
universal health care and he came here
and said Jill Stein crazy for
thinking we can have nice things to
remember that guy said that that
millionaire who told you you can't have
free college because Jill Stein is
 crazy but we can't have 80
billion dollars a year go to bombs that
nobody wants but Jon over isn't say
those guys are crazy does he why
cuz he's a coddled millionaire so now we
have a link we'll put a link on in this
our dough make sure you put a link on
this video to his scholarship fund
Johnson's family and Wilson are raising
a scholarship fund for his three
surviving kids his kids are ages six two
and one is unborn and nobody nobody
nobody says why don't we stop the
goddamn stupid wars what are we getting
out of this why are we sending kids over
to Nazir really debt that's saving our
country that's protecting our
that's spreading democracy no one says
that so it's there you go there's a link
underneath there and let's help this
guy's kids out the next live jimmy dore
show is November 6th in Burbank
California and November 12th and
Portland Oregon link for tickets right
there
