hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i have a special guest who made
this movie called the best month best
democracy money can buy and it's got a
re-release an updated version is out
this week it's greg palace is here hi
greg hey i doing Jimmy do you think
there's a way to fix our electoral
system do you yeah how how is that guy
mean you I know you said people have to
get out and protest but what would that
do well what it's done uh-huh you know
Martin Luther you know we have had
advancement I know it seems hard given
who we've ended up with where we you
know we have this you know this you know
orangutan you know in chief and you know
the Twitty it so you say well what the
hell happened the answer is that and I
go back and we had a we had a civil war
okay
600,000 Americans died and they passed
the Fifteenth Amendment and then you
know and the 19th amendment that we had
so we made progress we had the
suffragette movement which is not as
nonviolent as people remember and we had
and then we had a civil rights movement
of voting rights movement which
culminated with the Voting Rights Act of
65 with Martin Luther King but the thing
is you got to keep you know I
Hank Sanders a guy who marched with King
over the bridge told me you got to keep
marching over the bridge all time now
he's a black man and and there is
progress he was beaten up in Selma
Alabama now he's the state senator
representing Selma Alabama except now
the reason I came down to Selma to meet
with him is that he was removed from the
voter rolls because they started purging
black people all over the place they
stole that you know what Alabama Georgia
these should be solid blue states why
are Republicans in control because
they're running Jim Crow elections and
and when Don Siegelman the Democratic
governor of Alabama he won re-election
they shut down one of the counties shut
down the the count in the middle of
night no one allowed in say suddenly
found thirty five thousand votes so they
said we just found thirty five thousand
votes can we see them no that was it he
complained he went to prison oh that's
right they actually came up with charge
Karl Rove I will so you know what they
these things
happen but it doesn't mean that some
people are fighting and you fight and
you lose and some people are gonna get
killed in that fight some people are
gonna get hurt some of these fights are
gonna lose but eventually you know
America does the right thing after it's
done all the wrong things first but we
get there slowly slowly slowly and we
now are we're sliding back but we're
gonna have to jump forward but you know
like you as you kind of point it out
don't expect the Democratic Party to be
the voice of voting rights and freedom
that ain't gonna happen I'm not saying
go to the Green Party I'm not saying
it's not political parties it's always
been done by grassroots action whether
it's you know going out and registering
people cuz by the way one way you defeat
systems like cross-check and some of
these other purge system I found it by
always rear edge astir check your
registration before you vote don't show
up and say well why is my name there you
know you gotta you gotta take
responsibility for your vote you know
it's funny in other countries they have
laws that require people to vote in the
United States they have laws that keep
people from voting it's nuts it's a
depressing time to be alive I mean you
know like it's it's interesting time
it's depressing because people who I
thought were on the right side of the
issues are no longer on the right side
or never were you know the Democratic
Party for instance they're not on the
right side of the issues they do know
they have no moral superiority although
they pretend they do John Kennedy's
party doesn't exist anymore no the party
that said and even Lyndon Johnson you
know I'll never forgive him for the war
because those working-class kids I grant
with went there but I will say that he
was willing to say we're gonna pass this
Voting Rights Act now even though it
means that the Democratic Party is gonna
lose the South for a generation right
and he was right now now but he thought
that there'll be enough I was listening
to his tape so because he illegally tape
record his calls with Martin Luther King
but he was telling him King we're gonna
give you this law you better register
people man we're expecting you to really
pour those people out but what they
didn't realize that all the pass the law
a lot of people
oh that's all we got to do with laws
there we got the voting rights now we
got a Justice Department well now we got
jiff Beauregard sessions as our Attorney
General we have an injustice Department
right you know in Charlottesville my
cameraman is the guy that took the
pictures of this black school teacher
being beaten nearly to death
Zack T Roberts and then they pulled what
has not been shown in the papers is that
they pulled a 9-millimeter Glock on him
these neo-nazis to try to stop him from
shooting the pictures he wouldn't stop
thank God otherwise the kid would have
been beaten to death and I couldn't get
the F I called the FBI couldn't get them
to act we had the names of the perps
couldn't get them to ask why why do you
think why do you think that is Jeff
Beauregard sessions is our Attorney
General and the FBI is part of the
Justice Department which is now an
injustice department they hold a press
conference saying Oh charlottesville
gonna be a priority they not only didn't
arrest any of the guys that committed
the crime finally the Charlottesville
police under pressure because we had
their names and addresses arrested them
but then they arrested the kid who was
beaten up he was unarmed and they beat
him with a six-foot rod a four foot
piece of lumber and brass knuckles and
he got arrested for they said he started
it really this little Annie's not a big
guy came up against this group of armed
neo-nazis and decided he was gonna fight
them right no so but what I'm saying is
does that mean that we're screwed
that there's nothing we can do that
we're all just you know gonna be beat up
by by neo-nazis with brass knuckles and
a president who says some of them are
kind of some of them are nice yeah no it
means that we're just gonna have to
fight tougher and harder and and
sometimes you go backwards but so so
what who said it was gonna be easy you
want to just walk in and vote and it
always works and the right guy wins and
then the democratic party represents
democracy and okay I mean but that's you
know that's we live in a fantasy island
yeah we live in a corporate aqua sea our
democracy has been stolen from us a long
time ago the Princeton study revealed
that we live in an older Goerke stuff
that Hillary Clinton supporters
like Paul Krugman will admit publicly
while telling you to vote for Hillary
Clinton he'll say we live in a NOLA Garr
keynote out so I'm I I need to get more
inspired to think that we could change
this because I don't think an we have
we've done it I know it sounds crazy but
you know we did kind of we won the war
in Vietnam that is we the the peaceniks
the kids at my school working-class kids
who were thrown out you know the you
know I have to say you know where I grew
up in Sun Valley these are the cannon
fodder but you know what those kids
stood up we had an anti-war rally the
working class
Chicano kids because these are kids that
were going and that's what stunned them
it didn't stun them that you know kids
at Berkeley rose up it did stun them
when the working class kids said not us
you know and that's that stopped the war
and I think that's going to happen again
when people say so there's and when
especially you know they're gonna wake
up also realize that Donald Trump lied
do you think them yeah yeah I think he
still hates the right people you what
I'm talking about I think he still
escaped goatees and then people will say
well he couldn't get it done because of
those these people are those people
they're Democrats kruta more this people
screwed in more I don't I don't know I
hope so I hope the people who voted for
him turning him we'll see what happens
I don't Donald Trump is not the problem
no he is a problem but he is the logical
conclusion to the system that we have
people got sick and tired of voting
against people who were gonna punch them
with a right hand or punched him with a
left hand you voted for Mitt Romney
we're gonna get Romney care you vote for
Barack Obama we're gonna get Romney care
it doesn't goddamn matter and people
don't believe we know when I say this
all you ever do is look around look
what's happening so we have the richest
country in the world half of its
population is poor in poverty that's
because the Democratic Party is now the
party of management right just like the
Republican Party oh yeah I mean you know
but on the other hand there I'm not
gonna be one of those guys that says
that there's no difference even though I
spent half my time fighting Democrats I
mean Terry McAuliffe I too you know
trying to get he's part of he makes a
big speech saying I'm not going to turn
over the voting rolls he's the Democrat
governor of Virginia right now he's I'm
not going to turn over the the the voter
rolls to this guy Kris Kobach's the
thief in chief for Donald Trump right
and then I find out I'm investigative
reporter I'd said he turned over the
voter rolls in January he was lying in
our face but at least see a Democrat
feels he asked to lie - you see the
Republicans hotel so there's a
difference and so I was trying to get
these people say what is it now explain
this difference of fact what we used to
in the old days used to call it a lie
you're not allowed to say lie anymore
you're not allowed to say you're allowed
to use to vote vote word by the way vote
suppression all right take away black
people's votes and Hispanic votes we
don't we say vote suppression I could if
I said votes the pressure I could get on
MSNBC or in the New York Times but I say
vote theft because if someone steals my
car I don't and say someone suppress my
car
screw that ha ha it's stolen elections
it's stolen elections and it wasn't
Putin that stole it from us it was it
was the rich stealing it from the rest
of us and they stole it for a reason
because they've turned the White House
and our government into a profit center
and if they're gonna take away your home
if they're gonna take away your hopes
they're gonna take away your job believe
me they're gonna have to take away your
vote so I that's well said the baqar
theism that's happening being
perpetrated by the Democratic Party and
the quote-unquote Lefty press no it
upsets you right it's such a distraction
it's like my god gentlemen it's worse
than that it's a lie it's a distraction
and and it's by the way it's not true
okay I mean I haven't I'm waiting to see
this evidence one thing I can tell you
is that the reason why Donald Trump
likes Putin is that he kills Muslims you
have to listen very closely to you know
Putin is the leader of the alt-right is
is their great hero because he he'd
murdered a hundred thousand of his own
Russians because they're Muslim and
Grozny and
jigna and he's been out there in Syria
killing Muslims and Donald Trump says or
as Donald Trump says he kills terrorists
meaning Muslims and so that's their
that's their real connection and it's
not just you know it's not look Donald
Trump doesn't care if you're gonna say
that beauty queens pee peed on him he is
you know what it's just one more it's
one more thing no one cares that's not
the story but what I hate is the
distraction and the life I hear one more
time that we have the greatest electoral
system in the world I don't know what's
left well I will not pick up a gun I
pick up a pen and I say these are the
billionaires guys like the vulture and
john paulson the foreclosure king paul
singers the guy named the vulture and
and trump was thrilled when this guy the
vulture showed up at his office in the
oval office
right which by the way Trump calls my
office he doesn't understand it's called
the Oval Office cuz not your
office it's the people's office he said
Oh Paul singer that is the known as the
vulture was there no reporter said what
is that billionaire jackal known as the
vulture by everyone in finance what is
he doing in your office why is he
writing our bills he owns this guy owns
you know Paul Ryan that that that
everyone thinks is so moderate you know
he's he's owned by these jackals and the
Jackals are writing the laws they're
picking our judges right now you know
it's not like you know people say well
Trump can't get anything done yeah we
got about 160 judges who instead of
wearing black robes you know ought to be
wearing white sheets look out but we can
look we've had revolutions many times in
America we didn't have one we've had
dozens from gaining the the right of
working people without property to vote
women to vote black people we had a
civil war there which is a class war by
other means we you know it's been going
on and so we just need another
revolution and I know that you're the
leader you're the man yeah well I just
see that you know we had a million
people in the streets to oppose the Iraq
war and almost even get covered
now you know what telling didn't work it
didn't get covered second of all yeah we
had Occupy Wall Street those guys those
pricks at MSNBC and CNN and NBC and ABC
they drove through Occupy Wall Street
for a week and a half before they even
mention it on there and then the
Democratic mayor's all across the
country told union cops ago cracked the
heads of peaceful protesters and it was
 done you know that's exactly
what will happen again when people stand
up they will get their heads cracked in
by Democratic mayor's seeking union
thugs on them and that's what's going to
happen well now and now they're dressed
up in tanks and now they just pepper
spray you as a matter of court you just
get assaulted now by the state it wasn't
okay that's real close to home our again
our guys are cameras acti Roberts at in
New York at Occupy we have a photo of
him well we have a photo of a cop about
to hit him and then the next photo is
the billy club literally going through
the camera lens but we had a digital
camera that caught the club going
through the camera lens and then we have
pictures of the lumps on Zach said he
was then arrested
welcome to the First Amendment of
America but you know what the word a lot
of people got educated at those occupy
things and and this might not sound like
much comfort but when people marched
against the Second Gulf War no one said
a word during girl for you know the
nobody great our great victory with the
yellow ribbons tied around the trees and
all that right and because we
could just you know we just slaughtered
people we slaughtered a hundred thousand
people in the bombing of Basra these are
Shias who are against Saddam Hussein
trying to escape and we bombed people
trying to escape the city okay we
marched a million people marched and one
thing it didn't happen was it was a mass
carpet bombing and it stopped that I
really believed that our demonstrations
stopped a hundred thousand people from
being just burnt up because they were in
the way so I don't and we've had we did
get a Voting Rights Act we did get you
know it's Obama ID you should probably
call it Obama don't care but we got
something and and you know I mean it
could right it should have been it could
have got that no matter who was
president
yeah because they had a deal with that
pageant before they had revolts but I
will tell you this that action has
resulted in progress we are not where we
were we do we don't have slaves in
Alabama we have people that are kind of
rented out not purchased we have we have
slave labor here at California we have
that fighting the fires right now so
that's prison labor that's slave labor
yeah welcome right yeah well let me tell
you and in cars you know when I where I
grew up in Sun Valley you know they made
a big deal at the debt that my old buddy
the Vegas shooter his dad was in prison
right and of course that affected him
but you know what a lot of dads are in
prison because and let me tell you you
in two million people in incarceration
nation where do you think that the
families end all right they don't give
them you know apartments in Hollywood
they end up where I at the end of the
tracks where I grew up in Sun Valley
next to the dump because that's where
you end up when you lose a breadwinner
in the household and so yeah it's we
have class war and but I'm ready to sign
me up I'm ready to fight that class war
I'm really ready to and I think by the
way humor is one of the only a few ways
we can get around the censorship yeah
okay we'll see YouTube Google or doing
their damnedest to censor independent
news voices and they're doing a great
job of it so but anyway Greg it's great
to have a real investigative reporter
there's only a handful of you left in
the country and you have to do a lot of
your work for a foreign bureaus right
like Thomas Frank and writes for The
Guardian now because he tells the truth
and they won't hire him here and you
know so anyway keep keep doing it and
thanks for coming on our show I really
appreciate it everybody check out the
best democracy money can buy updated
version at Greg Palast com it's also a
book by the way yep right so here's the
book and it's got it's got lots of great
well yeah actually the cartoons are done
by Ted Roth Ted Robin was fired by the
LA Times for drawing too many cartoons
about police brutality yeah and so he so
when he got fired I'd you know I he did
the there's a comic book inside my book
the best democracy money could buy
that's the Trump stolen edition
and yeah it's yeah there's censorship
but we got our own ways around like we I
got Jimmy door man hi let them let them
let them stop us now okay
Greg Palast thanks for being our guest
everybody check it out we'll see you
next time the next live Jimmy Dore show
is November 6th in Burbank California
and November 12th and Portland Oregon
link for tickets right there
