how would he welcome to the jimmy dore
show special guest richard s cow from
the zero hour is here with us hi Richard
hey Jimmy and where can people find your
show written zero our patreon.com slash
the zero hour all right fantastic now
I'm going to show you a picture of this
guy this is guy's name is Evan McMullen
and now he's a Republican he well he's a
former Central and CIA operations
officer he ran as an independent for
president in 2016 he was the guy in Utah
and but he's also the chief policy
director of the House Republican
Conference oh he has served as the chief
policy director for the House Republican
Conference in the United States House of
Representatives and as a senior adviser
on national security issues for the
House Committee on Foreign Affairs and
so there you go so that's who this guy
is so he goes on the MSNBC show with the
Nicole Wallace right because she's from
the Bush administration where do people
from the Bush administration go MSNBC
didn't the Col Wallace work as she also
worked on the John McCain campaign
correct or no but that think so I'm not
sure I think so I think she didn't but
she definitely was Bush White House so
he goes on the show with her and he says
he starts arguing she was a senior
advisor for the mccain-palin campaign
yeah so he starts so this guy goes on
and starts talking about they're talking
about Pruitt who've recently resigned as
the EPA chief and what a criminal this
guy was on the face of it he was such a
corrupt criminal and he started to argue
that yeah the Republicans excuse Pruett
for being a little corrupt because he
delivered on certain policy issues at
the EPA that are favored by the party as
a whole so they don't care if you're
criminal if you if you give them
whatever if you take that regulation
away from coal I owned a coal plant well
I want that guy right so that's what
they're saying we're not purist here
over on the right you can completely
ruin the environment we don't mind if
you take a vacation or two yeah or get
the Oh what was it he got the the tea or
whatever the special food was
got from health food stores I don't know
yeah you know it Jimmy I have an opinion
on this okay okay and my opinion about
Scott Pruett and Ben Carson and all
these other guys and there are
accusations of corruption is this we're
taking our eye off the ball which is the
real corruption isn't the that's
got Pruett got fired for it's the
that they like yes
the real corruption is what he's doing
for the Koch brothers and the rest of
the fossil fuel industry and that his
replacement is gonna do for them and by
focusing Chuck I mean you know what Ben
Carson
you can have your $31,000 dining room
set if you don't throw people on section
eight out of their homes how about that
how about I'll make that deal with you
I'll make that devil's bargain with you
you can have your $31,000 scott pruett
you can have all the private plane trips
you want if you don't destroy the
environment for our kids how about that
because and I'm not saying it's right of
course a personal corruption but I'm
just saying think about the big
corruption I I agree with you I agree
with you so you're saying you're willing
to make a Faustian bargain yeah now
you're saying keep your eye on the ball
and don't get tripped up making the
story about these little things it
should be about the big things I get it
so right because then it's gonna be the
polite Republicans came back and the one
who raped the environment and and and
give cancer to your children and and
throw poor kids out on the street but
they're they don't you know charge
thirty one thousand dollars for a door
so it's okay they paid a reasonable
price for their ballpoint pens so wow
it's even square now yeah it's okay
it's how that's how we do things you
know no it's not how we do it things so
he said one more so heaven McMullen said
one more thing he said in Pruitt you see
the same sort of thing he promised to
deliver and did deliver policy changes
for the EPA adding that the trade was he
was a little corrupt and that's how a
lot of Republicans see Trump that's what
he said before you see the same sort of
thing the same sort of thing you see
with Trump that Republicans are willing
to go along with all this horrible
innocent corruption because he's giving
them tax cuts and he's doing the
environmental damage that they want him
to do and he's doing all this uh all the
stuff that he wants they want him to do
so they're willing to put up with it
so and what made me want to talk about
this was what he what Nicole Wallace
says here this is kind of stunning
so he's trying to make the case that hey
the Republicans were you know we're
willing to make a trade to take a
corrupt guy because he's doing our
bidding and Nicole Wallace is like hey
why can't we just have someone who's not
corrupt but she says something else
let's listen thirteen investigations he
may have committed trying that's right
but the point is just that that is the
trade that so he says it again he's
starting to say that's the trade that
they're willing to make you're missing
the point
yes he's investigating he's has 30
investigations you're missing the boat
and so let's lerigot 13 investigations
he may have committed that's right but
the point is just that that is the trade
that the Republican Party sucks but you
can still find non criminal Republicans
well yes absolutely you can so there is
the former Bush White House press
secretary senior advisor to the McCain
McCain campaign on television saying
that without parsing words yes the
Republican Party sucks she says it she
says that she says they suck so that's
how Nicole Wallace feels about the
Republican Party imagine how everyone
feels about the Democratic Party the
least the Republicans have power at
least they say state might suck but they
know how to win elections they've been
winning they have power they're
implementing a lot of horrible
right-wing stuff they get to do that so
that's how someone like her feels about
the Republican Party yes the Republican
Party sucks so imagine people how they
feel about the Democrats they're just as
corrupted yet they don't know how to win
they never get to implement any
left-wing policies even when Barack
Obama was president he didn't implement
left-wing policies he implemented
center-right policy's moderate
Republican policies everything he did
was moderate Republican so my points are
the reason I wanted to bring this up is
and this isn't unique to the Republican
Party that so they must all know this so
if Nicole Wallace says this freely on
national television someone who hangs
out with all those people that must be
how most of them feel most of them who
are normal
you don't mean like not mental so if you
know except for like Ted Cruz you know I
gotta tell you I'm talking about so Duke
would you what do you make anything out
of her saying that well number one I
think it's good marketing for her look
at the tag in the corner she's on MSNBC
I'm saying the Republican Party sucks
means you've got invited back that's
number one number two is she probably
does think it sucks but I was just
laughing through that whole exchange
because you know what what ad McMullen
was saying was yes they have made a
devil's bargain like the kind that I was
describing it's if they made it on the
side of the devil and what she's saying
is you know we are we suck but some of
us aren't criminals yet yeah that was a
totality of her statement right yeah you
could still find a few and there are
credible crooks you know and and the
Democratic Party is very proud that it
has a lower level of criminality and I
suppose it should be you know but on the
other hand they're not getting things
done there were Republicans control
besides despite the fact that the
Republicans are implementing policies
that Americans across the political
spectrum hate including Republican
voters they control all three branches
of the federal government so suck or not
suck corrupt or not corrupt they're
getting stuff done the Democratic Party
isn't getting anything done right now so
the question should be might be if they
were thinking about it how do we get
stuff done how do we get in a position
to get something what are these guys
know that we don't one of them is
they're rigging elections while
Democrats are talking about Russian
stealing elections Republicans are
stealing elections all across the
country why aren't they making that in
issues all right there how are they
stealing a their voter suppression yeah
aging and all that stuff voter ID stuff
like yeah why aren't they talking about
that we know that's true I I'm with you
so did you I was gonna say a lot a lot
of times when people go well at least
you know they're not criminals they're
not I hate how that is just such a
subtle way to uphold the status quo you
know at least george w bush was a
patriot i think he genuinely care
at least Barack Obama was like no our
systems broken the status quo is broken
it needs to be flushed down the toilet I
don't care who you do or don't want to
have a beer with those days are over
nicely put so I wanted to do this
b-because to point out that the
Democrats are just as corrupt here is
Nino Menendez in New Jersey right
so on April Tortoises from the intercept
the Senate Ethics Committee severely
admonish Menendez senator Menendez in a
public letter of admonition which they
detailed that the committee found that
over a six-year period Menendez
knowingly and repeatedly accepted gifts
of significant value from dr. Megan
without obtaining required committee
approval and so they talked about how in
this article they talk about how corrupt
this guy is and then they talk about how
the Democrats did kidney of a goober
crap how Chuck Schumer and all the
leadership rallied around him and then
they close the article by saying this
this is how calcified the Democratic
Party is they even unite behind an
incumbent who was drowning in sleaze and
corruption who was just severely
admonished by the Senate Ethics
Committee whose legal defense was funded
by far-right figures and who has used
his senior leadership role to repeatedly
join with the Bush Cheney and right-wing
GOP factions against his own party's
supposed positions not only did they
unite behind him but they ensure that no
primary challenge can even happen they
deny their own voters the right to
decide if they want Menendez by making
it impossible for any such challengers
to raise money from funders who rely on
the largesse of democratic office
holders and who thus do not want to run
afoul of their decreed preferences it's
a party that lacks any vibrancy or
movement its stilted stifled and
ossified they don't even allow primary
challenges to too rotted incumbents who
have urged a suffocating stench of
corruption during almost three decades
of incumbency in Congress even if that
incumbent has repeatedly blocked the
party's own agenda as also as was also
demonstrated by Hillary Clinton's recent
endorsement of the corruption tainted
Andrew Cuomo over his progressive
primary challenger Cynthia Nixon seeking
to become New York state's first female
governor
all that matters to them is closing
ranks around one another clinging as
tightly as they can to their own
prerogatives preventing anyone from
disrupting their ability to greedily
feed at the corporate fueled trough
which keeps them fat and CAC ated and so
the reason I bring this up
nothing has changed because of Trump
both parties are just as corrupt as ever
they're just as repulsive to the average
voter as anybody through you're gonna
have half the country not show up to
vote again and they don't and and it's
just up Ronna just it's a broken system
and nobody is talking about this system
no one is talking about fixing this
except for Bernie Sanders
me and you you know here's the
difference between the Republican and
the Democratic Party in this case okay
and Menendez is corrupt right and they
close ranks behind him anyway and it's
disgusting to watch and the Republicans
do the same thing they close ranks
around their crop people unless they go
against the party and then they flush
them down the toilet without a second
thought
Democrats do that with them and then
there's even when Menendez is stabbing
them in the back when senator he
Democrat but Lee and by this I mean you
know powerful Democrats party leaders
establishment Democrats don't get
offended when their fellows stab them in
the back
imagine they Joe Joe Crowley right you
know what when Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
beat Crowley Nancy Pelosi statement
about Crowley about the election was
three paragraphs of how great Crowley is
he'd been trying to get rid of her he'd
been trying to unseat her and take her
place she just and it's like we yeah but
I can work with him you know it's not
and there was nothing about the young
woman who had a hero who took his place
so they are much more comfortable with
corrupt people who stab them in the back
apparently then with people who will
actually reinvigorate their party with
new voters and new ideas well you ask
what what do the Republicans know that
the Democrats don't I don't think it's a
matter of knowing or not knowing
anything I think it's a matter of the
Republicans first priority is winning
that is not the Democrats 4s priority oh
it is just just clearly not the
first priority that's why in Rhode
Island they won't support a progressive
incumbent and said they'll support some
outright dude
their first priority is making the
donors happent happy and maintaining the
status quo and if in the meantime you
beat a Republican or too cool but you
can do that first priority without it
but an important thing is to keep the
corporate money train going mm-hmm that
really is yeah you know it sounds like
we're being cynics and all that stuff
this is just yeah at some point you just
have to realize facts and Nancy Pelosi
is not doesn't is not changing one bit
and she even says it you know I've
played that video where they ask hey
what do people want to change it's not
people who want to change meaning I
became a hundred millionaire while I've
been in Congress so everything's working
fine for me and I don't want well and I
don't want to blow up the system they
don't want to blow up the system they
want to protect the system so if their
income their protectors of the system
and what I would like to see is Bernie
Sanders tried to blow up the system a
little bit more instead of trying to
prop up the democratic party system
which is I don't know how do
you feel about that Richard well you
know I yeah I definitely agree that the
system is broken and that our number-one
priority should be blowing it up in fact
I her ethically believe that you know
everybody says this is but the stakes
are higher in this election than ever
they're always higher than ever in every
election but if we don't fix the system
that we will never get some substantial
change so I think the whole discussion
should be about how to destroy and
replace the system we have now of
oligarchy because it's not a democracy
anymore it's an older guy right I mean
that's not me saying it that's political
scientist says that that's that's and
that is the study by gilens and Paige at
Princeton University is that you it is
an oligarchy so first and foremost we
have to get rid of the oligarchy that's
the number-one job until we do
we'll get kinder gentler management of
the oligarchy will get more brutal
management of Eola cocky but it will be
an oligarchy and not a democracy after
that if you don't agree with with us on
that then we have an ideological
difference you know and instead of
saying oh we all need to unite together
we we should say no but we have an
ideological difference you don't think
we live in older and an oligarchy you
don't think the system needs to be blown
up and replaced I do so I'm gonna have
that debate with you even while you're
telling me we need to unite I'm gonna
say no the priority is to have that
debate now and beyond that if you do
agree with us that we have an oligarchy
and a system that needs to be replaced
then the only discussion and debate we
should be having among ourselves those
of us who agree is what's the best
tactic for blowing it up and get getting
rid of it and anything you do that
reinforces the oligarchy is harmful to
humanity anything you do that erodes the
oligarchy does a service to humanity and
then we're just talking about tactics I
mean that's my take on it well like you
know one things I like to say to people
which i think is just a way more like
simplified version of what you just said
trump is so awful we just need to unite
because Trump so awful I'm like okay
Trump is awful would you say at this
point the system that got us to this
point that got us to a Donald Trump
presidency would you say that's a point
of crisis yeah of course I agree that's
a point of crisis well guess what when
you reach a point of crisis you know the
first thing that has to happen to get
out of that crisis a status quo needs to
shift and shift big time so how can you
say we have to fight this while
maintaining the status quo it's not
possible you mean how do we fight Trump
and maintain the status quo yeah yeah
you can't do it you can't do it so when
you hit blue no matter who and keep stay
with the party see that that's not gonna
solve the problem that's not gonna solve
the problem it might give somebody that
talks nicer in four years but that's not
gonna solve the problem I agree so to
wrap up Republicans and Democrats
equally disgusted with their parties but
and you wonder why their only tactic
left is voter shaming if you want people
to come vote for you you have to offer
them something
hey please make sure you subscribed even
if you think you are you probably are it
only takes a second to check and then
click that bell to make sure you get a
notice every time we drop a video they
won't they won't tell you every time
anyway but it's the only thing we can do
to fight back against the bastard so
please make sure you're subscribed and
click that Bell and our next live show
is July 15th in Chicago and after that
July 27
in Burbank California special guests on
that show Abby Martin and if you could
become a patron that would be fantastic
we give you hours of bonus material
every week thanks for your support
[Music]
