hey everybody get ready for part four of
our interview with progressive champion
Tulsi Gabbard so Tulsi tell us about
your environmental legislation it is it
called off fossil fuels legislation
fuels act and how many people have you
gotten to co-sponsor that oh gosh not
sure what the latest count is I think
the last time we checked there were over
twenty five we have the endorsement of
over 400 environmental organizations
from across the country and slow and
steady we continue to try to pick up
steam this is one thing that a lot of
good folks are challenging their
candidates for Congress as they're going
through this election to saying will you
support this legislation will you
co-sponsor this legislation as a member
of Congress which really the legislation
is lays out a plan to get our country
off of our addiction to fossil fuels by
2035 and by doing so also addressing the
thing that's not often talked about an
environmental legislation like this
which is actually creating a green jobs
economy and training and jobs for those
who are often displaced when these
fossil fuel companies or industries are
are shut down in certain parts of our
country
that's often the argument that we hear
for people who are within our party but
who are opposed to this kind of
aggressive environmental legislation is
like what are you gonna do with the
workers what do you do with the people
and their families who depend on these
jobs to make a living it was important
that we included that in this bill
because as we make these economic
decisions for our future not only are
they good for our environment they are
good and smart for our economy and
people their health and well-being and
their ability to support their families
so you think all right so we can get off
fossil fuels and it's by 2035 okay well
Fingal's fingers crossed it's I predict
Manhattan will be underwater by then as
will Vancouver San Francisco Miami and
Savannah but we'll see and most of the
eastern seaboard anyway
please drop that out there it's way
worse than people think it is people
have no idea you know all these
hurricanes you know what's happening you
know you almost had a category five hit
Florida
I mean Hawaii yeah we had a Puerto Rico
and so this is now gonna be this is the
new normal this is going to be the as
the the permanent emergency yeah no
question so let me talk about you have
some great marijuana let yes glad you're
bringing that up people often talk about
our broken criminal justice system but
what you could I thought it's working
fine what we're getting most of the
brown people in jail right black and
brown people that's what we're supposed
to do so we know that the criminal
justice system is broken not only is it
racist but it's broken and now we're
injecting corporate values into our
prison because we're putting a profit
motive behind it which to me sounds it
out the opposite of human right so what
are your plans to help alleviate our
criminal justice system there's so the
the the broken nature of our criminal
justice system has to deal with a whole
lot of factors one of which is ending
private prisons another of which is
actually reforming what goes on in our
prisons reforming the people who are
sent there in the first place and the
and and and having those diverging
programs to say okay if you're a
nonviolent drug offender maybe you need
to go and just get get some help
somewhere else and not actually be sent
and incarcerated and charged with crimes
that are gonna follow you around for the
rest of your life but help bring about
an end to the high recidivism rates that
we are seeing that's one of the many
problems with these private prisons is
there's no incentive whatsoever to make
sure that those who walk through those
doors do not come back continually
through this turnstile as we've seen in
incredibly high numbers and this is an
area where we're at a moment in time
where we see a bringing together of
organizations like the ACLU and the Koch
brothers supporting the same kinds of
criminal justice reform programs from
perhaps different
motivations I think some are coming from
a social justice motivation and others
are coming from a fiscally more concern
for the fiscal cost and impact but
regardless there there's a joining of
both progressive and conservative forces
to bring about real criminal justice
reform we just passed a bill not too
long ago called the first step Act which
deals with prison reform had some strong
opposition within our own party but was
led by a Democrat and a Republican a
very progressive guy and a very
conservative guy both of whom I call
friends who are they
Hakeem Jeffries from New York and Doug
Collins from Georgia and they fought a
pretty strong opposition respectively in
their own parties and shepherded this
bill through Congress of Representatives
to the point where it had over 300
members of Congress voting for it this
bill has and the the support of the
administration you have Van Jones
working directly with Jared Kushner to
try to get this bill through so it's
sitting before the Senate now where it
appears there is opposition coming from
people like Cory Booker and Kamala
Harris as well as Tom cotton from
Arkansas hmm and so you know there's
something good happening there when
you've got some strong opposition on
both sides but you have a more broad
bipartisan coalition who sees the value
and saying hey this is a meaningful
piece of legislation that will help a
lot of people it may not go as far as we
want it to it doesn't fix all the
problems with sentencing reform and bail
reform and everything else but this is a
very strong first step what what is the
bill called again the first step first
step act
yeah and what would it do let me let me
tell you exactly let me see if I can
pull this up it broadly and generally
and I encourage people to look at it
because there are a lot of different
sections to this bill that I think are
important to to look at but it but it
aims to target lowering recidivism rates
providing
various types of support to people so as
they're leaving their time in prison
that they're actually able to walk out
and transition into a regular life where
they're not looking at going back into
prison and it looks at different
measures on how we can reduce the prison
population by getting people out of
prison who really have no business being
there
those are kind of the broad the broad
it's kind of interesting that Kamala
Harris is opposing this bill because
when she was Attorney General here in
California she was taken to court a
couple of times by the federal
government because she was ordered to
end the prison crowding in the prison
system in the California and she didn't
and so they kept bringing her office to
court and her office was arguing that
they can't lower the population and the
prison population in California because
that would upset their prison work right
so they have this big prison labor yeah
the thing happening every allover cross
the country and so that was literally
what they were arguing to the judge that
this will upset our prison labor system
too much and then what it made headlines
in the LA Times Kamala Harris was
shocked that that's what they were
arguing shocked I'm shocked there's
gambling happening and so that's that
there's like a lot of corporatists
inside the Democratic Party why don't
they just become Republicans that's a
good question yeah I know shouldn't ask
you this question right but but as we
like almost every one of these issues
that we've talked about Jimmy you have
done a outstanding job at continuously
pointing the link back to corporate
money special interest money and what a
difference it could make if we cut off
that tap and said you won't have a seat
at the table as we're making these
policies that impact the lives of the
American people
so you're saying politicians take money
from private prisons they take money
from corporations who use prison labor
as slave labor so they're getting its
money money money and that's why so
that's why we don't have democracy I
mean we but let's talk
let's talk more about some of the stuff
that you're actually trying to introduce
so there's two we started talking about
marijuana yeah this is also an area
where we have bipartisan support we also
have bipartisan opposition but we've two
bills that we have introduced one is
very simply ending the federal marijuana
prohibition Act and it simply takes
marijuana off of Schedule one of the
Controlled Substances Brock Obama didn't
do that no one has done it no one has
done it thus far I know I was on a panel
when Barack Obama just I did not to do
that and people were saying it's good
that he's not doing it takes time it's
due its 2018 but slugar you guys went
away somebody was telling me that as
some of these these these battles within
Congress are taking place I think this
was just before I got to Congress but
they were working to try to make
industrial hemp legal and there was an
amendment that was passed that was a
positive step in that direction and so I
think this was congressman Jared Paulus
from Colorado who then went and got an
American flag made from hemp and flew it
above the Capitol and then talked about
it spread all over the media and this is
under the Obama administration but the
DEA the woman in charge of DEA at the
time said that when she read the article
about an American flag made from hemp
flying over the Capitol it was the worst
day of her entire
[Laughter]
ah she just thought she might be moved
by that she went home and watched a
marathon of of reefer madness and they
went to sleep so as we can see there's a
lot of misinformation that is still
being perpetuated around marijuana and
so just recently I introduced a bill
with Carlos corbello who's a Republican
from Florida called the marijuana data
collection act and basically very simply
this bill requires data collection and
study of the affected of the effects in
states that have legalized either
medical marijuana or completely
legalized marijuana in every single area
from an objective perspective and as you
know because marijuana is still a
Schedule one drug
getting any kind of objective study
within the federal government is
virtually impossible so working with the
group normal who've been strong
advocates on this we wrote legislation
that would direct the National Academy
of Sciences which is an independent
organization to gather and compile these
studies present them publicly into
Congress so that we can have an actual
official congressionally directed study
that will provide the truth and the
facts good luck with that one I really
hope that happens because as soon as
they study the effects in the states of
marijuana people will be surprised at
the effects our traffic accidents go
down opioid usage goes down exactly so
there's lots of opioid related deaths go
down I mean there are there's there's so
many reports and studies that have
already been done especially at the
state level in some areas and compiled
into national studies but they are far
too often just dismissed saying oh well
no there's no conclusive study we just
saw this recently in Hawaii where the
state legislature this year actually
passed a bill that were we we have
legalized medical marijuana in Hawaii
and this bill would have added opioid
addiction to one of the
those reasons why you can get a
prescription exactly it was the governor
okay overwhelming passage by both the
House and Senate I think maybe a couple
of people voted against it in the house
but it was vetoed by the governor
because he basing his Department of
Health said that there are no conclusive
studies showing that the use of medical
marijuana will help someone who's
addicted to opioids which we know is
false we have seen study after study
that has shown that where people's lives
have been saved if they've been able to
access this and they've said well
there's a bureaucratic way for someone
to launch an appeal with the Department
of Health and ask them to allow opioid
addiction to be added to this list which
to me is if obviously a futile path
because the Department of Health has
already said well we don't think it's
actually gonna help so what point will
that what you know what will that
actually accomplish so that just points
out the the I mean we do we need this we
need this kind of objective study to
come out and and what is what is the
marijuana bill called the the one on the
study is the marijuana data collection
Act and the other bill is the ending the
federal marijuana prohibition Act
okay both are bipartisan bills both have
yet to we just introduced the the data
collection one but we're continuing to
try to build support it's so crazy I'm
old enough to remember when Bill Clinton
admitted to smoking pot like and that
was a big deal it was 1992 91 when he
was running for president and that came
up but of course he said he didn't
inhale just like Elon Musk didn't inhale
by the way I know if he saw that video
he did not inhale he did he puffed it
like a cigar but and here we are
20-some years later and we're still
don't have marijuana it's still Schedule
one drug it's just mind-blowing to me so
what do you think the chances are be
there are those bills how many how many
co-sponsors do you have I don't have the
numbers right now we're not we're not at
a critical mass yet I'll tell you that
much
the data collection one is is being
heavily promoted right now because a lot
of folks see that as the the precursor
to be able to
defeat the false arguments that are
often made when we're talking about
ending the federal marijuana prohibition
this bill will or this report will
disprove the narrative that's being
pushed by Jeff Sessions
and others within the Trump
administration as they look to try to
escalate the failed war on drugs and go
after people in states like Hawaii and
others who are abiding by those state
passed laws and dealing with marijuana
so you know look you know the need for
this is great I think more and more
people across the country are calling on
their members of Congress and I'm asking
them to to ask them to co-sponsor this
bill ask them to bring it to the floor
for a vote well I hope that happens you
know where so we live in such a punitive
culture such a punitive country people
just want to punish people it would be
such a tremendous mind shift in this
country if people could start thinking
about hey how come the government how
can we get the government to help people
yeah you know one thing that actually
just happened I just sent out a little
quote today where there was an amendment
that was successfully put into the
military construction and VA
appropriations bill that would allow VA
doctors to in in states where medical
marijuana is legal to prescribe send
veterans to someone who could prescribe
medical marijuana if that was pts if
that was needed yeah however as they
just were in conference committee
between the House and the Senate that
measure that amendment was just stripped
out of the bill
so we'll see what hopefully we'll have
we may have an option for some kind of
floor amendment we're looking into what
our options are at this point but the
fact that I made it in there in the
first place I think shows movement
because it it hadn't previously but
there's work to do so you've also been
but you've also been working on
protecting our civil liberties you want
to end the war so people don't I don't
think people realize how people do not
realize that we are living in a
Orwellian nightmare where
the government has a record of
everything you do from the everything
right so they know where you are at
every moment they know what you're
saying at every moment they know what
you're emailing they know what you're
buying we live in a surveillance state
24/7 and as Chris Hedges says when
you're living in a state where the
government surveillance a that cannot be
considered liberty that can only be
considered the relationship between a
slave and his master so you are
introducing some legislation to try to
end the endless warrantless wiretapping
and surveillance of the United States
you know if it is it it couldn't be
easier to get a warrant right if
someone's doing something bad why don't
they want to get a warrant so tell me
about this legislation we've had a few
pieces of legislation that we've
introduced to really deal with reining
in a lot of the latitude that's been
given to law enforcement and to the
intelligence agencies with the passage
of the Patriot Act
these throwaway lines are often given
saying well this is necessary to keep us
safe from terrorists this is necessary
for national security but in in many of
the cases that have been reported
publicly when you ask the question of
will give us examples of how many times
this has prevented a terrorist attack
against the United States usually the
answer is none zero yes exactly and so
they're afraid of losing the power that
the Patriot Act gave them to do these
mass collections of our cell phone
records and all of these other things
which are a blatant violation of our
Fourth Amendment right no one cares
about the Constitution right like it's a
blatant violation of the Constitution
and that's you know Bill Binney who was
a former whistle blower at the NSA he
invented a thing called thinthread
which was a data collection thing to
fight terrorism but it kept every but it
did it constitutionally it kept
everybody's identity a secret and so
that's and so he's the one blowing the
whistle now that they decided to go with
a different called trailblazer and the
reason is I don't know six billion
dollars that
that's why they're doing it instead of
his which was in it was was cheap and
efficient so beep so people don't
realize that you know the way the FISA
courts have been misused and that we
that we do live in a surveillance state
and the Patriot Act people hate it
people hate the fact that when people
don't even know that section 1021 of the
NDAA Act Barack Obama repealed habeas
corpus so what people are saying is that
you know things are getting so bad in
the United States like I said eighty
percent of people that paycheck to
paycheck people get sick they go
bankrupt and so you know there's might
be an actual revolution coming and that
what they've done as the establishment
has made that almost impossible because
they got rid of habeas corpus
now that government can disappear you on
the street if they feel like it so what
they could do is do extraordinary
rendition right here in the United
States they can take you up arrest you
