however buddy welcome to the Jimmy Dore
show I'm here with Rob black oh hey Rob
howdy howdy Jimmy so you know who this
is this is Tulsi Gabbard and she was one
of the only Democrats and Doris Bernie
Sanders so she had to get kicked out of
the DNC and she had to leave when she
did that and she's a real champion right
so she's not perfect no one is when it
comes to the politicians who are viable
in America I think she's right up there
right so she's about as as as good as
progressives can get right now I think
would you say that run yeah
I'd say definitely on that scale and in
that position of power she's one of the
one of the brighter lights out there and
she has the right the kind of right
background to really cross appeal she
has her service background her crime in
the military she's from the military and
so she's the one who can come out and be
against these wars right because you
can't call her a traitor you can't call
her a pinko you can't call her a
pacifist you can't call her
anti-patriotic so she actually did her
time she served her country in the
military and she's telling the truth
about Syria people don't like to hear
that and she's also tell the truth about
the Democratic National Committee she
put this video out and let's just listen
last year's presidential primary
revealed deep divides within the
Democratic Party that went far beyond
substantive issue differences now I wish
I could sit here and say that things
have gotten better but it's just not
true
recently the DNC chair claiming
diversity removed a number of people
from the party's executive committee
including Jim Zogby the only Arab
American well allowing now imagine if
Trump did that
imagine if Trump got rid of the only
Arab American on their executive
committee imagine if Trump to people
like see mm-hmm but the Democrats do it
and peep to Tom Perez does it and that's
perfectly okay and who did he who did he
put on instead of having Jim Jacques be
a Muslim American
who did he put on obvious and
consultants to keep their positions
lobbyists and consultants detest the
Democrats so what did those who were
removed have in common they either
supported Bernie Sanders in the 2016
primary supported keith Ellison for DNC
chair or both so the DNC's moved to cast
out those who just happen in line with
the establishment and who were actually
demanding real reforms is destined for
failure we must make sure that voices
are heard now as we fight for a new path
forward that's more inclusive and that
actually strengthens our democracy it
doesn't matter who supported Hillary and
who supported Bernie it's long past time
to end the counterproductive infighting
and name-calling what we're talking
about here is fighting for an open
inclusive transparent democratic party
that best represents and serves the
people good luck good luck good luck
good luck not happening
do you think the Democratic Party is
gonna divorce itself from Wall Street
and their corporate donors because that
would mean divorcing themselves from
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and
Chuck Schumer
and Nancy Pelosi do you think that's
gonna happen and Donna Brazile and Tom
Perez and Keith Ellison who said I
willing to take corporate money here at
the DNC if you guys are do you think the
Democratic Party's ever gonna do that
get rid of their corporate donors get
divorce themselves from Wall Street and
get in bed firmly with workers did you
really think that could possibly happen
to the Democratic Party I do not not
without a serious serious third party
challenge and even then I don't think
they're gonna they'll just go okay we'll
be the will be the centrist Democrats
I'm telling you that's a pipe dream
there's not enough people like her in
the Democratic Party especially in
positions of power they're just not
gonna let it happen
what do you think Ron
I'm with you and she has the right
message here because the DNC you know
Tom Perez he kind of he hid under the
diversity thing you know he there there
was there there was a immigrant there
there there was a very gender and and
hey that's all well and good but let's
not forget that this is really about
because you know you outed some
different people of diversity too this
is really about who did you support and
if you support it Bernie you're out of
here if you don't like the status quo
you're out of here that was the real
divide but that message needs to be
delivered by somebody like a Tulsi
Gabbard yeah somebody that isn't a white
guy and so like I'm really glad she's
pointing that out I'm really glad she's
recognizing what what's really going on
in the DNC okay I think there's a little
bit more to this let's listen we need to
get rid of the undemocratic system of
super-delegates who literally have the
power to swing an election making up
one-third of the votes any candidate
needs to secure the nomination we must
enact open or same-day registration and
democratic primaries to make it easier
and actually encourage voter engagement
so I guess are all great ideas Tulsi you
know Tom Perez just made sure that
that's not gonna happen though right so
you keep saying this is what we need to
do what do you mean we need to do it in
twenty years when do you think they're
gonna do it they just told you they're
not doing it Tom Perez just did so this
is her video after Tom Perez did that
and she's saying what we already knew a
year ago what the Democrats needed to do
and now we're a year later they actually
move further to the right again they
move further to the right immediately by
taking corporate money installing Tom
Perez over the will of the base and they
installed a donor puppet named Tom Perez
so and they started taking corporate
money now they're kicking all the
progressives out of their executive
committee out of the Rules Committee so
what she's saying is this is all the
things we need to do which for sure
aren't gonna happen now for sure so I
don't know what this what is this so is
this like what we have to fight and
maybe in four years we could get these
changes is that what you think she
thinks to uh what's your name whatever
your name is hahaha
I don't know because I can't help but
like listen to this and be like imagine
a face like Tulsi Gabbard on a viable
third-party
somebody you know we talked about not
only her crossover appeal as a veteran
but I think the amount of it you know
there's people on the right that are
very much non-interventionist that's
part of the reason Trump won because he
said he was gonna do that he lied but he
said he was going to well people that
aren't at the non-interventionist point
yet but are more likely to listen to it
they're more likely to listen to it if
they hear it from a veteran people that
are more conservative if a veteran tells
them hey it's time to end these wars and
get our troops out of arms way it's time
to invest this money back home they're
more likely to listen to that message
and seeing someone like a Tulsi in a
viable third party of you know someone
who's young and has ideas and and as a
lot of crossover appeal for both
progressives and and people on the other
side as well I mean that'd be huge but
right where she is now
she has all these ideas that the
establishment has already said no thank
you - right so that's not so what it's
soaked Tulsi what do you think you're
gonna do with the Democratic Party I
mean they're already hate you that they
don't like her mmm they don't I mean the
only reason they tolerate Bernie's is
the most popular politician in the
country if he wasn't they would have
nothing they'll be calling him a
communist they'd be calling him a
Russian sit but they'll be doing all
that stuff that they do to the people
that they don't like which is smear them
so just like they smeared all the people
they said they were racist the
progressives were all of a sudden racist
against black women on the DNC's
Executive Committee that's what they
said that's who the people you want to
work with instead of getting rid of you
need to get rid of Tom Perez so but
that's not happening right because
there's a rigged system she's talking
about the rigged system that is still
staying rigged it's not changing so I
get I super appreciate she makes this
video I super appreciate she says this
stuff maybe hopefully this is her
warning shot across the bow that we're
gonna run third party if you guys don't
cut it out but I think the problem is
what I think it and I think the well
let's finish this video rather than
making it more difficult
we must put people over profits and
progress over special interests now we
can't do this if you've got just a few
power brokers making deals in a back
we can't do this with a closed process
or with super-delegates that can swing
an election your support our voices
right now are critical join me by
clicking on the link below to sign our
petition to reform the DNC good luck I
appreciate it I think it's better you
know I agree with everything she says
we're out we all agree with everything
she says I'm afraid of wasting more
effort to try to reform the Democratic
Party it's just here we I mean they lost
a trump and they're worse than they were
before they lost a trump they would
rather lose to Republicans than win with
a Democrat do you really think you're
gonna take over that DNC do you think
they're gonna take over the DNC run am I
am i stupid
of course we know that but am I wrong
also about this because it just seems
obvious what do you think you know
there's a really really cool meme out
there that I saw recently and and it
said something like the people do not
realize the power that they really have
and it was a diving board on a cliff and
standing on one end of the diving board
on land was a bunch of people and they
were pleading with somebody standing on
the edge of the diving board that was
representing the establishment and that
was just one person that had the power
and they had the option to just kind of
walk the other direction and and find a
new plank to stand on and watch that and
watch that guy fall off a cliff yes and
of course it's metaphorical not not
don't want anyone to get injured here
but but that's something that the people
of the power to do at this point like
instead of starting a DNC reform
petition why not start I know another
petition to get those signatures over to
draft Bernie and yeah and let's let's
give them into the socialist alternative
let's get them into the DSA let's get
them into the Greens
let's create an actual Workers Party
let's do that how about that let's like
hey Bob how about go vote Tulsi calm
slash Workers Party and we could have a
Workers Party so that maybe would poll
at 5 or 10 or 15% and then we'd have a
real voice in our government which now
we don't because the Democrats wag their
finger at you and say you
have to vote for us because of Trump and
they never come over to get your vote
what we need is the Democrats to come
get our votes and they're not doing that
so you have to be have to become a third
party that's just there's just no
reforming the party from the inside now
again I could be III don't know
there's no I could be wrong about this
but every piece of evidence says the
opposite of what word of that the DNC
could be reformed am I wrong
I'm just going by the the evidence that
we keep seeing is that the Democratic
National Committee and the corporate
Democrats are not ever gonna let them in
fact they're going the opposite way that
only they're not accommodate the Bernie
Sanders wing of the party they're
shutting them out which is half the
party which is the future of the party
everybody under 35 and under voted for
Bernie seven to one in the Democratic
primary they were those are the people
they're getting rid of so I say good
riddance let's leave them and let's
 beat them yeah well here's the
thing starting a new viable third party
that that's not gonna be an easy task
that's gonna be a long haul reforming
the Democrats room within well that's
not gonna be an easy task it's not be a
long haul so which one seems more
realistic well let's look at what's been
happening contemporarily Justice
Democrats who would I love the people
involved with that there's some
wonderful progressives there they're
doing great work they're already getting
screwed over by arrangement they're
already not getting the data that is
rightfully theirs they're already
getting shunned I mean it's like
eventually it's like well gee we keep
trying to break our way into the church
and they have padlock yeah all over the
place maybe we should just build another
freakin Church because I'm looking
around and there's a lot of us and
that's why I was in DC in early
September for draft Bernie that's why I
was there too it's it's because we can't
wait anymore we can't cross our fingers
and hope Tom Perez comes around cuz he
ain't coming around that guy is not your
friend Tom Perez is your enemy and he's
working against you and unless you're a
millionaire he's working against you
just so you know here she has a little
bit more of a statement which I'm gonna
choose to read I wasn't sure he says she
says by now it is obvious that
throughout the course of the Democratic
presidential primary campaign
the DNC shrugged off the qualms of
independents and progressives who sought
a more robust debate centered on issues
so by now it's obvious so if that's
obvious
I raised an objection to limiting the
number of debates in my capacity as DNC
vice-chair the chairwoman disinvited me
from the first Democratic presidential
debate that I was already confirmed to
attend sadly it appears that the same
disposition that underestimated the
appeal of Donald Trump still pervades
the Democratic National Committee just
this month Chairman Tom Perez removed
members from the party's executive
committee all of whom share in common
their support for Bernie Sanders and
Keith Ellison in his race for DNC chair
those expelled include Jim Zogby the
only Arab American on the executive
committee while lobbyists and
consultants kept their positions
if the DNC is going to represent the
people they need to break their ties
with the corporate establishment that
has usurped our party and instead
returned to the grass roots issues that
connect us with the people in the first
place we need to end the undemocratic
system of super-delegates and ensure
that all primaries and caucuses are open
and have same-day registration available
that is not gonna happen if we don't
reform the DNC then we will all get is
more of the same openness inclusion and
transparency should be the issues are
that are up should not be the issues
that are up for debate so there you go
there's Tulsi Gabbard I I'm so I just
think it's a mistake to try to get
progressives to join the Democratic
Party I just think it's a mistake now I
could be wrong maybe this is gonna work
maybe Tulsi knows his way more than I do
probably and maybe they're there maybe
there is a viable chance maybe because
Bernie's gonna run in 2020
and then he but they're gonna screw him
again so I don't so again I'm hoping
that I don't know better but I'm just
going by the evidence that we've been
presented over the last year and a half
or whatever or up since 1992 that the
Democrats are not your friend they don't
want anything to do with reform they
don't want anything to do with anything
that doesn't have to do with corporate
money Wall Street big pharma Silicon
Valley and fossil fuels and the
military-industrial complex let's
remember all the Democrats Democrats
voted supported a seven hundred billion
dollar increase to the military budget
that that could have paid off all the
students that just about could have
given us free college everybody free
college in the whole country everybody
could have got it just like that no dip
and by the way they did this no debate
so it's time to get rid of the
Democratic Party and how long are we
gonna run around hand-wringing about
this how long are we gonna keep making
videos about how they have to change and
please help me change them how long how
much longer it's been going on since
 1992
how much longer well and the big thing
is it's like we're banging down the
doors not even for just some huge like
shift tomorrow but for like a seat at
the table
to kind of start that shift and even
that is be not pulling teeth all we're
asking for is a fair primary and we can
get it that's all we're asking for is a
shot to get progressives elected we just
want a fair playing field
they're not giving it to you they're not
they don't want you Schama so want
wasn't kidding when she said the
Democrats would rather lose to Donald
Trump than win with a progressive
they're not kidding
how much clearer do you have to be how
much clearer do they have to be so I
know again I'm I'm far from any kind of
sage or genius the reason why I do this
show is because a guy like me with
limited abilities could see through the
 which is why I started doing
this show because I knew they were lying
I knew that I
the crash at the wallstreet was coming
that I knew everybody in the plutocracy
knew it was coming to and they lied to
you if I knew the Iraq war was a lie
they all knew the Iraq war was a lie and
they lied to you anyway that's why I do
this show because it doesn't take a
genius to see through their and
it doesn't take a genius from afar as
I'm content it's that the Democratic
Party is not reforming in fact they're
going the other way
and it doesn't matter we showed up in
California overwhelmingly progressives
showed up to vote in their progressive
delegates to take over the California
party we did that they have
super-delegates on the state level also
 over the progressives who thought
they took over the party they then
installed they they'd hold the
progressives to shut up and get the
out that's out quote mm-hmm yes from the
chairman of the Democratic Party in
California told the progressives and the
nurses to shut the up and get out
and what did they do after that they
installed a pharmaceutical lobbyists who
lobbied against Bernie's cheaper drug
bill here in California last year they
installed him as the chair of the DNC to
kill Medicare for all and they did it so
that's what's happening with the
Democrats so I don't know how many more
videos we're gonna make how many more
statements and Facebook we're gonna put
out how many more hang we gotta change
the deep let's start a new party and
that's what I'm all for in fact I got a
minute I'm gonna do a story right now
about unions that actually are coming
together and realizing that they
