everybody welcome Jimmy Dorsey oh we're
here grandma woods our guest Grahams on
a big comedy tour coming up at the end
of June what were you going when Rob
Falcone and I are during the progressive
comedy tour June 20 through the 24th
[Music]
Nashville Asheville Huntsville
Huntsville and Atlanta go to this team
one of the bills go to Grandma what
conference a lot of bills a lot of bills
all right and of course we'll see you in
Chicago on July 15th oh yeah here is I
don't know if you saw this headline
Democratic leaders embrace Pago so if
the Democratic leaders didn't I didn't
know what that was at first so I had to
look it up and when I say look it up I
mean read that article but I knew it
wasn't good if the Democratic leadership
endorsed it it's not good so I'll tell
you here's what pay as you go is means
that let's say we needed to spend more
money on Medicare because all of a
sudden there's more people in Medicare
or something let's just say for example
you wouldn't be allowed to have a bill
pass that would spend more money on
Medicare unless you first cut that money
out of the budget somewhere else
that's pay-go that means you can't
increase what we're spending ever that's
what that means which is horrible that's
a horrible idea it's a right wing
talking point that's a corporatist
talking point that's a neoliberal idea
because whenever you go into a recession
you have to deficit spend that's how you
get we print our own money that's why we
were able to bail out the Wall Street
they wouldn't say that about Wall Street
but it's only about when it comes to
stuff you want so this is an idea that's
already prompting howls from some
liberals in the caucus who want to
pursue an ambitious legislative agenda
next year including costly by the way we
just spent an extra eighty billion
dollars a year in the military divide
what the Democrats go well if we can
spend eighty billion dollars here in the
military extra like that with no
discussion anywhere no discussion no
town halls no Anderson Cooper going to
roll up his sleeves to talk to people in
Virginia no debates with Ted Cruz and
Bernie Sanders abut note they just did
it
like that no conversation no op-eds no
nothing 80 billion like that they yanked
out of their ass for the military that
could pick a peg and for everybody's
free College that could end homelessness
in the United States there are a lot of
good things we do like
we could do like that we just don't do
it so that's why the Democrats II
Pelosi's doing is guaranteeing we won't
have an agenda to give people anything
they're literally going to run and we're
not Trump so including costly big-ticket
items such as expanding healthcare
access subsidizing education
opportunities and boosting
infrastructure projects and fear Pago
might be too confining
representative growl growl growl growl
ah whoo I like that guy in general he's
he's very pleased one of the more
progressive Democrats so I like him I I
think everybody could be more
progressive including him representative
Raul Grijalva says who heads the
Congressional Progressive Caucus the CPC
said the Democrats would be foolish to
adopt the fiscal restraints especially
in light of the Republicans new newly
adopted tax reform law which is
estimated to add almost two trillion to
the debt over the next decade
politically Republicans will surely bass
the Democrats if they pursue expensive
government programs without offsets but
the GOP under President Trump has lost
his fiscal high ground having busted
budgets themselves particularly with the
enactment of their tax reform law the
Congressional Budget Office predicts the
annual deficit will top one trillion by
2020 so what Nancy Pelosi saying is that
while we can never do anything good to
help people because we have a deficit
she sounds like a Republican because she
is Grijalva noted that the revenue loss
is created by the tax law already
squeezing federal programs favored by
Democrats adopting pay-go rules on top
of that he argued would only pinch them
further it would be I think
irresponsible to try to tie up
Congress's ability to respond to
economic downturns or in
current discussion to slash programs he
said we're going down a path that I
think helped cause the Great Recession
if Democratic leaders are looking to
adopt budget rules he said how about
requiring full audits of programs
including the Department of Defense who
truth the truth dig report of reports
can't account for 21 trillion dollars
the pay-go thing is an absurd idea
now given the times and given what's
already been done to curry favor with
corporate America Grijalva said he's
saying it's an absurd idea at Nancy
Pelosi's embracing an absurd idea why
because she's the enemy of progressives
and the country who is she the friend of
corporate America Wall Street the
military-industrial complex and fossil
fuel industries all the people were
supposed to be fighting against this is
the party Bernie's telling people to
join and I'll just tell you here's what
chimeric Kamala Harris is a cop said of
course they're also signaling that they
don't give a what any of us want or
need and we can just die slow or fast in
the system they set up to benefit
themselves I do look forward to the
laundry list of people and things not
Democrat that will be responsible for
their loss so the Democrats are
signaling we won't be getting Medicare
for all higher wages a jobs program free
college no infrastructure etc just as in
2016 a vote for the Democrats is a vote
for nothing unless you're into totally
giant war budgets then they got that
so we need a third party in this country
we need a fourth party in this country
and those are the questions I want to
ask Bernie which is why he won't come on
this show so they're ducking our show
officially they won't come on every time
I talk to Bernie's press oppressor
why am i blinking press contact press
agent press agent sounds weird press
secretary Josh says I have to look at
the schedule so it's insulting to even
talk to them right now because I have to
look at the schedule he's doing every
neoliberal show in the world
but progressives have real questions
I'll submit the questions ahead ahead of
time for Bernie if he wants this is what
the Democratic Party is doing right now
over to my panel if they fought for
progressive issues hard they would never
lose they don't even fight a little
grandma's a champion neoliberal is yes
they're not champion are not even
fighting they're fighting against
progressives they're fighting against
progressives they smear them when they
get too close and then they support war
and all this other nonsense and it's all
just this bumper sticker
they're like the person with the coexist
sticker on their Prius that flips you
off in traffic you know what I mean they
got their sticker in their car while
they must be so liberal then like
you and they cut you off and they take
your parking space in front of the Whole
Foods and they're two and they
yell at you and then they're all I'm all
love and peace and happiness no they're
not so how are they different how are
they different in the Republicans look
what they're - sandwiches one has
bacon and cheese and is wrapped in an
American flag and the Democrat
sandwich is a gluten-free organic bun
wrapped in a rainbow flag and both the
flags are made in China you know first I
want to say I'm sorry about honking at
you and taking your spot
oh you son just Samantha B word
thank you thank you very much but you
know no matter what pay-as-you-go like
everybody's gonna go that sounds like a
good idea pay-as-you-go they're always
gonna have money for war always yeah
that's why this is this is strategic on
their part because they know that the
public opinion is going more towards
progressive policies they also know that
people like Cory Booker and Kamala
Harris gave everybody a head-fake
run supporting Medicare for all so now
well man we want to support it but Pago
we're sorry I responsible and the only
reason we have to like pay go well it's
Trump's fault so sorry but that's what
we have to do it's a political football
because winning is their third priority
their first priority is squashing
progressives their second priority is
making sure the donors are happy those
first two go pretty much hand in hand
third priority maybe will beat a
Republican but if not who cares gravy
train keeps coming
so that would be Mike so I mean that's
everyone's question to Bernie Sanders
that's the question I want to ask him
everyone wants an answer and they won't
come on this show to answer that
question and nowhere where he goes will
they ask that question this is what the
Democratic Party is doing how have you
changed that how why do you want people
to progressives to come into a party
that's actively you know the Democrats
in California have a supermajority in
the legislature they just lost it in the
election this week so they no longer
have a supermajority so now they can all
say they're for single-payer health care
because they'll never get it through but
when they had a supermajority they
didn't get it through then either the
fifth largest economy in the world
California so that's the question people
want to know is like if you do you
really think you can affect the
Democratic Party more from the inside or
if you had a third party that was
polling at 10% or 15% if Bernie Sanders
the most popular politician in the
country now you've got real power
because what the Democrats did last time
to progressives was they cheated you in
the primary
then they flipped you off stuck a thumb
in our eye and then they went to the
right and picked Tim Kaine so now
progressives have no representation they
could have picked Bernie a
vice-president and that name they would
have won we wouldn't have Trump so so
now if Bernie was a third party and he
had 10 or 15% polling numbers hey he
gets in the debates and beat other
Democrats can't ignore us because they
they can't win without us before they're
like where else you got to go well now
we got somewhere to go if we have a
third party or a fourth party that's
viable and now they can't dig no they
can't win without that 15% or whatever
it is they can't win till now they have
to come and if they don't come it's laid
bare for the whole everyone to see
exactly what that's the question I
wanted to have and I'm sure he has an
answer I'm sure that's not a difficult
question to answer I'm sure he has an
answer so we all agree we all agree on
policy everyone agrees on policy I agree
with the Young Turks on policy they
agree with me on policy we just disagree
on strategy their strategy is to keep
propping up the Democratic Party you
have to we can't have what the rest of
the world has four or five parties we
can't have that for some reason just
like they say you can't have Medicare
for all and free call it's like the rest
of the world they're telling you can't
have three or four parties like the rest
of the world you only get two and
they're both controlled by the same
people so don't that's the question
that's not a secret what I want to ask
Bernie Sanders that's not a secret and
they won't come on the show and they're
doing it in one of the most insulting
ways possible is telling us the same
excuse every time I have to look at his
schedule like you know hey I'm not a
politician I'm not a journalist
I'm a nightclub jaggoff comedian who's
doing this because no one else will
 do it
and I would much rather go back to
telling jokes at night that's really
what I want to do with my life that's
what I really like doing I don't like
dude this is stressful this is too
stressful and it's a real disappointment
that we can't get Bernie on the show to
just answer these questions so we can
all get together and all work together
we're on Bernie side progressives are
starving we're star
for a leader we thought we had it in 16
when he got screwed which was not his
fault
we all went all right tell us where to
go let's do this let's do that we're
ready to go there's more of us than we
realize yes let's go there's more here's
more of us we got the numbers to quote
Jim Morrison and then we have Nancy
Pelosi that tells us time and time again
the Democrats just want more of the same
that we are they don't want change
people don't want us we lost a thousand
seats you're gonna get more of the same
even worse the Democratic Party is in a
moment of questioning about its identity
you were reelected to lead the Democrats
in the house what do you tell Democrats
who want a new direction and and then go
to you what are you gonna do differently
well I don't think that people want to
do Direction all right we lost the Trump
no no we're good everything's good we're
doing okay if you consider losing the
Trump doing okay I bet you don't have to
change anything and you could keep doing
okay people but every million tens of
millions of people rallied around the
country during the primaries we want
something new that was part of Trump's
Trump ran on a pop yes platform to Trump
without lefting Hillary Clinton on trade
economic issues health care go ahead he
was anti interventionist anti
intervention blow up the Republican
Party he sat there in front of George
Bush and said your dad caused 9/11 dad
to it happened on your dad's watch yeah
that you guys let us down and then you
started an illegal war you guys did that
on purpose
he did that in the Republican Party and
he wants he was out lefting the
Democrats that's why Trump won don't go
no it's racism okay I know we've there's
never been the Southern Strategy in the
Republican Party except since Nixon it's
been a racist thing too
happening don't pretend like this
started overnight again they will though
it's everything's wrong except the
Democratic Party everything's were is
women or something wrong with women
there's something wrong with
progressives there's something wrong
there's too many race there's everything
but it's got nothing to do with a
Democratic Party oh we don't need to
change we're good
no no we don't anything I just I really
think you know just doing more to say a
little bit of a crack cocaine is
I know I don't think I have a drug we
have a better deal so the peak the
country needs answers and we look to
Bernie Sanders as the progressive leader
to give us some answer so I wish you
would our next live Jimmy Dore show is
July 1st in Portland Oregon in July 15th
in Chicago Illinois we're doing a live
show July 15th in Chicago Illinois go to
a link right there for all the tickets
to all the live Jimmy door shows plus if
you can help become a Premium Member we
give you hours of bonus material every
week become a patron or a Premium Member
and if you're on Steam it we're steaming
it right now plus every Saturday we do a
live super solid chat Saturday where
it's a live stream and you can ask us
questions and we'll answer them back
every Saturday 2:00 p.m. Pacific time
thanks for your support
[Music]
