hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show you know we talked to comedian
Randy Craddock Oh before he's involved
in the WikiLeaks Julian Assange Russia
gate scandal he's had several meetings
with Julian Assange in the embassy in
London and well Roger stone has said
that Randy critic Oh as his go-between
between WikiLeaks and Julie and between
him and self and Julian Assange
WikiLeaks well here david korn who we
all used to love before he before this
last election boy he used to be so good
and now he just you know rolls over does
the red-baiting propaganda but here he
is tweeting something out as fact he
says suspicious
Roger stones go-between with WikiLeaks
takes the fifth so he's just reporting
that his fact just because Roger stone
claimed it he didn't say you know
suspected or accused or whatever he
didn't do any of that
he just spray and reports it as fact
just like that report well you know
Russia hacked the election it's reported
its fact which is the opposite of
journalism okay so these hideous reports
that is just tweets it out as fact and
here's the here's the article
Roger stones go-between with WikiLeaks
takes the fifth again they reported as
fact but then as soon as you go to the
to the article they immediately remember
most people just read the headline so if
you go to the article it says Randi
critical a comedian and radio host who
trump advisor Roger stone claims was his
intermediary to WikiLeaks Julian Assange
so there you go so in the article they
know the how to report it correctly but
at the headline and then and then David
cards tweet of course damn but it
doesn't matter if we report speculation
as fact doesn't matter especially we're
taking the word of Roger stone a
confirmed maniac liar so way to go not
nice going David corn and Mother Jones
because you know it was just a claim but
you report the headline as fact which is
 reporting okay and he
has asserted his Fifth Amendment right
ahead of the interview
any credit would hurt his Fifth
Amendment right ahead of this interview
in front of the House Intelligence
Committee that was scheduled for Friday
according to his lawyer as a result the
committee has released credit go from
appearing before the panel as part of
its investigation into the Trump Russia
scandal during the 26 campaign Stone
claimed repeatedly that he was in
communication with Assad now Assange has
denied this
when stone testified before the House
Intelligence Committee on September 26th
he said his contact with WikiLeaks
founder had come through a mutual
acquaintance but he declined to name
that person at some point since stone
reportedly told the panel that credit
courses go between prompting the
committee subpoena of critical late last
month US intelligence agencies have
concluded that Russian government backed
hackers used WikiLeaks to disseminate
emails stolen from Podesta and the
Democratic National Committee u.s.
intelligence agencies have concluded
with nope with no evidence and at all
whatsoever in fact all the evidence
points the other way but we just keep
reporting it this way even though we're
called mother jones re repeat FBI CIA
propaganda uncritically what a fall for
mother jones what a fall for this
country what a fall for david korn to go
along with this MSNBC democrat
establishment Red Scare total
lost respect for that guy and I'm sure
it hurts his feelings and there's one
last part of that article it says stone
has claimed he had no inside information
but was speculating in his tweet that
Podesta pepti desta's past business
associations and those of the Podesta
brother Tony a prominent lobbyist would
receive public scrutiny so no we're
gonna talk to Randy credit co who's that
articles about and we'll see what he has
to say so who have Randy credit co on
the phone right now Randy I just told
the people about the article I told the
people about the tweet that David corn
made reporting it as fact that you're
the go-between between WikiLeaks and
Roger stone even though that's complete
speculation that's just something Roger
stone said it hasn't been confirmed by
anybody so well first of all thanks for
being on the show Randy and so tell
people
got a subpoena to testify in front of
the House Intelligence Committee on this
Russia gate thing you pleaded the fifth
and now they've rescinded their
invitation correct right they didn't
resend it what they did what they've
done is is that I don't have to show up
tomorrow to say that I have to take that
I'm taking the fifth I don't have to
show up for that they accepted the fact
that I'm taking the fifth so they have
not as of yet commented on that I'm just
I'm looking at four or five other
stories from various news sources and
they did not comment to them what their
next step is the next step could
possibly be that they grant me immunity
and then bring me in which I'll have to
take the First Amendment protection okay
all right so well I don't understand
what's up what what why would you have
to take a first time what does that mean
you first amend that means any any
conversations that I've had with either
party that has been a source of my radio
show which is Julian Assange and Rogers
don't both whom have been on my show
several times
Assange more than stone conversations
that I had with them off the radio show
I would say I'm taking a First Amendment
defense to that I will not respond to
any questions centering on conversations
that I've had with those two gentlemen
outside of my radio show so so basically
Randi what they're what they want you to
do it what you were afraid they were
honored you to do was to divulge
off-the-record conversations you had as
a journalist with your sources correct
yes and so I think that what they really
want it's nothing that Rogers don't as a
red herring is that they want to know
the conversations that I've had with
Julian Assange that's the person who is
the subject of all of this that's the
person they want to vilify that's the
person they want to undermine and they
would like to get their hands on any
kind of conversations and I've had many
with him onto the record and there's
absolutely no way I'm going to open the
door to that possibility and if I talk
about stone then I have to talk about
Assange and then you know it sets a
precedent here I'm
just not going to do it in the meantime
I'm being vilified I'm like I said last
time I was on the show them the
Quasimodo here by people like David corn
Oh David corn yesterday he wrote the
banner for this article that was written
by someone Dan Friedman he wrote an
article and he says alleged in the
article yes Sanders says the banner says
Randy critical stones conduit or
go-between refuses to testify and then
he retweets it and says suspicious yes
so so Randy Randy we showed that tweet
already and this in this segment before
we called you and we also have up out
right now on the screen we have the
article that was written by Dan Friedman
and Mother Jones and the headline is
Roger stones go-between with WikiLeaks
takes the fifth
so it just asserts as a fact that you're
the go-between and then we showed that
in the for almost the first paragraph
that I think is the first paragraph of
the article they say Randy cretak Oh a
comedian and radio host who trump
advisor Roger stone claims was his
intermedia so I've already pointed out
that they know that that's just a claim
by Roger stone who's wildly wildly
unreliable and so they just printed into
the headline as a fact and everyone
knows that most people just read the
headlines of articles so they're out
there actively misinforming people again
on the Russia Gate investigation which
is what the mainstream establishment
press it's clothing the lefty press and
Mother Jones MSNBC david korn these are
people pushing propaganda right now the
Russia gate things falling apart there
was an article in political yesterday by
a former deputy director of the CIA
Morrell where he concluded that there's
nothing gonna come out of this Russia
gate because if there was if they
already had any information that proved
a hack from Russia which they already
should have that it would have been
leaked and since it hasn't he's pretty
sure there isn't gonna be any so this is
all falling apart and guys like David
corn have egg on their face over this
Russia gate yet they still keep
reporting things as fact that is nothing
but
speculation correct yes and I think
David corn it's an embarrassment David
corn has really defiled the memory Yes
Mother Jones mother Jones was a great
activist Mother Jones was a great
individual and that that magazine used
to be a very good magazine I don't know
somebody told me from an embassy this
morning that that magazine gets money
from some kind of Intel organization
wired out of Silicon Valley that's tied
to the government so I don't know where
they got their grant but he certainly is
pushing this David corn has been pushing
this he's like the Adam Schiff of
journalism at this point well this is
like you know this is the Democrats
Benghazi and David corn is one of the
worst journalists pushing this all the
time so he's like he just becomes Sean
Hannity now in effect just pushing this
false story without any evidence
whatsoever and doing it for a political
purpose and he knows it's propaganda
there's no way David corn doesn't know
exactly what he's doing
oh hey conversation they had with the
writer of that story today dan Friedman
who wrote the story okay he said the
only way he would retract or he would
remove that banner which he wrote it
wasn't the writer of the story he did
not write that that banner it was David
Horne David David corn told him that I
must admit a call Roger stone a liar and
it and and and confess in any
conversations that I've had with him
before he would remove it Wow well that
that sounds like pretty shoddy
journalism no yes I've got I got to give
up my conversations with Roger stone his
odious as he may be to a lot of people
and he is radioactive and I gotta tell
you the comments if you take a look at
the Mother Jones still at the very top
of the mother jones twitter feed is that
story where he starts off by saying
suspicious where Glenn Greenwald said
it's not suspicious that someone would
invoke their Fifth Amendment rights I
have no idea which way these
guys are going to go I mean what am I
going to be the next Martha Stewart by
saying something to the FBI the FBI as
we know they
I all the time to people they entrap
people and if you lie back to them if
you say something that you don't
remember and you don't get it right
perfectly you end up being charged with
a with a crime of perjury and it's up to
five years why Congress allows that to
happen what the FBI if they entrap you
into what maybe and you're minded truth
like you say red and the colors really
blue and you can get a five-year prison
sentence for that right I know so that's
we no no that's it's weird to see the
left put propping up the FBI you know
the FBI that infiltrates all activists
organizations and tries to discredit
them and tear them down what they did to
Martin Luther King and Mel Cohen is out
bro yeah so it's right could tell me
about what does that tell people what
that dontel Pro was when the FBI
infiltrated the Black Panther movement
the students SDS movements back in the
in the 60s and they created they sewed
divisions between people within the
organization these black flag operations
that they hatched under J Edgar Hoover
to undermine any kind of progressive
kind of coalescing and organizing that's
what they did back then and they're
doing the same thing right now the FBI
does the same thing they have they
definitely have COINTELPRO operations
and Bob Mueller you know he is not
everyone he's a hero particularly
amongst a lot of the friends mutual
friends of ours who do comedy
ya know that me so political they're
suddenly out there every day with the
same trite kind of you know regurgitated
observations they were doing a hack
material for 40 years of their career
and suddenly they are so enlightened
they know the political scene they they
don't see the subtlety like you and
Stephanie do about this well they don't
see I was watching her I was watching
some of her videos when you first called
okay so what they don't realize at what
what they pretend you're talking about
how because of Trump all these comedians
who didn't know their from a
whole new
Brown for the last 20 years of
neoliberalism that all of a sudden
because Trump all of a sudden they think
history started on January 25th of 2017
and that's all they're talking about now
they don't understand that the that
Trump isn't the problem that Trump is a
symptom of a larger problem and so
exactly they all think that if we get
rid of Trump everything will be great
everything was horrible
that's why we got Trump everything was
horrible the richest country in the
world has half its population poorer
low-income thick 63% of the population
couldn't afford $1,000 emergency in the
richest country in the world with a with
a record Wall Street booming and
corporate profits at all-time high so
that's the problem right now and and
that's why I listened to your show all
the time as Julian Assange says the best
stuff on the Internet is a Jimmy Dore
show ok well that's very nice of him to
say I really appreciate you passing that
along so people shouldn't buy your
t-shirts I bought one today ah thank you
very much so
and Randy and everybody should watch the
documentary about you you know you're
such an influential guy you got the
Rockefeller drug laws rewritten you got
lots of people freed who were imprisoned
unethically you and lots of people have
thanked you for that but of course when
Chris Hayes mentions you in a son and in
a segment
he doesn't refer to all the great work
you've done or how people have given you
credit for such great social
achievements he calls you a shady
character on the left or something
similar to that it's sort a sort of
Lefty that's a sword or Lefty he's
getting money let me tell you everybody
as I've said this before and I want to
seem redundant or repetitive but you
know Howard Fineman told me and I said
this before I know that that that this
odious show this voyeuristic sadistic
show called lock up which is on all
night like tonight and tomorrow to be on
for hours and hours and unless anything
how the could you guys why don't
you just play lynnie reason Thal instead
all right for for 8 hours
all right instead of playing this it's
the same kind of you are exploiting
human
three people boy it's cops behind bars
is what it is and it's on MSNBC says hey
wait Randy look I got to tell you some
it is a despicable show but it's a cash
cow doesn't cost us anything to make and
it helps pay Rachel's six million dollar
a year salary so she can do this bogus
thing on the dossier the other day for
one hour with false stories alts
and the whole thing was so full of
she's stuffing that down her audience's
throat that was like here eat like I was
a kid my brother made me eat broccoli
that's when she was doing the other day
making me raw broccoli watching
that I watch it just to like get an
education how close she is to
the establishment and and so well that
lockup thing he says it's what pays her
six million dollar salary and Chris
Hayes is two million dollar a year
salary they couldn't do it without being
so and you would think they'd get enough
money from Boeing we know who were Chuck
fraud gets his money on Meet the Press
he gets all of that money from Boeing
Boeing underwrites Meet the Press going
guys I know and so you got this
prison show that cost 25 cents to make
and it's making you know hundreds of
millions of dollars a year in
advertising and it's subsidized why does
I ask Chris Hayes why why happened you
spoke out he says I don't approve of the
show I don't approve of the show don't
don't blame me I said you're on the
 network I certainly would not be
on a network that had that kind of
on and so he's going to gainsay my
 past by saying I'm a sort of
lefty you know I made no money
those 15 years I read the William
Kunstler fund for racial justice
I did the Belzer I wrote bells errs show
in 1997 called another lone nut' and
after that I got out of it and started
working with prisoners I went to
prisons I went to sing sing i went to
Green Haven I went to Attica Auburn all
these dungeons man it was
depressing for the next 13 14 years
didn't make a I mean I made a
small Saturday this is $40,000 a year
tops and this is going to
come out and call me a sort of lefty
when he's been
underwritten by the same people I'm
trying to help the ones that are being
exploited I I couldn't agree with you
more
I know it's such a heartbreak to see
what's happened to MSNBC it's such a but
it's completely predictable I mean those
are people who are willing taking
million-dollar contracts from a
corporation that fired phil donahue when
he told the truth about the war they
fired Ed Schultz when he told the truth
about the TPP and they'll fight and then
and they'll smear you or Susan Sarandon
or Josh Fox or anybody else who tells
the truth about their corporate
overlords that's who they are
Rachel Maddow has completely lost her
goddamn mind we've debunked that stupid
dossier on this program it was debunked
on her own show the dossier by richer
was a Richard Engel who's a real
reporter for ME NBC he came on her show
and told her this dossier is all garbage
in fact it doesn't even rise to the
level of rumor yet these are just
accusations and ICAP tried to verify
them over and over and over and the
people who say that they have this
information won't produce any of it for
me so it's nothing and Rachel Maddow
dismissed that guy and got him off her
show in 30 seconds because she doesn't
want anyway that's what joy Reid does -
yes say anything joy Reid will do
exactly what Rachel Maddow does to
anyone that confuse the line that
they're promoting and you know that
dossier is something you should read in
a green room and a strip joint and
 Atlanta
all right that's something you can pass
around yes because it's gets complete
garbage and you know there's some
salacious in there and everyone
knows it's a bunch of ships she spent a
whole hour the other day how did
you manage it did you watch it I watched
it and I held my nose for the
whole hour but I watch it just to see
what it was about and of course it was
exactly what I knew she was going to lay
