starting a third party not as hard as
they want you to think it is Nick Brown
is here he's the former national
political outreach coordinator for the
Bernie Sanders campaign and he's her to
tell us that starting a third party is
actually doable now Nick we've talked
before about a third party and you're
trying to coalesce the people on the
Left who realized that we need a force
outside the Democratic Party for to have
real change because the point that I
made was that so here we are two years
after Bernie's campaigned his primary
where he was calling for a revolution
here we are two years later and we just
had our primary in California and
California is gonna send Diane Feinstein
Nancy Pelosi and Kamala Harris back to
the back to Washington DC so we didn't
have a revolution it didn't happen this
idea that Bernie wants people to get
inside the Democratic Party to take it
over with progressives isn't happening
either it's not happening I'm just
telling you what's happening here in
this is the pie night when I say all
Jimmy that's just one state this is the
bluest state in the country and we're
sending Dianne Feinstein Nancy Pelosi
who by the way just called for Pago Pago
if you don't know what that is
means you cannot have a progressive
agenda that that's this the bottom line
there's no chance to implement
progressive policies if you're for Pago
that's just a fact
and so she's of course endorsing that
because she's a neoliberal Huson
responds to her donors so this is what
I've been telling people that not look
at where we are and now the Democrats
came up with a new world the Democrats
are moving to the right in case people
haven't noticed so they're becoming more
Pro pro-war they're becoming more anti
progressive they just had a new rule in
the DNC which tell us about this new
rule Nick the rules of biologic omit II
met last Friday in Providence to discuss
changes to the presidential nominating
process and to the party's rules and
they the the 32 member body of rules and
bylaws committee which is in charge of
making the rules for the party you
animus Lee passed a new rule that says
that in order to run as a Democrat for
president you have to your your writings
and your speed and your speaking in the
past have to have affirmatively
demonstrated your faithfulness to the
Democratic Party so that can be defined
however the heck
the DNC wants to define it in fact it's
just one person who gets to make that
choice it's Tom Perez Tom Perez alone
can decide that mmm you know I think
you've been a little too critical of the
Democratic Party you're out you know so
that so what you're saying you know so
what you say Tom Perez alone the DNC
chair can say that you Bernie Sanders or
any other progressive is not a Democrat
in good standing yes and and it'll go
well they would never do that they
cheated him the first time and no one's
talking about that that's it that so
that this new rule means that they can
they get to decide who's a Democrat
who's not and what you know you think
why as the Democrats they think well why
bother cheating him waiting till the
primary to cheat him or waiting till the
convention to cheat him when we could
just you know block him from even
running in the first place we can cheat
him at the door you know you don't even
get access to the ballot anymore so it's
like why have 718 super-delegates party
elites and insiders decide you know the
the Democratic primary each of them with
the value of ten thousand you know
mortal votes when you can just have one
person Tom Perez say no you can't run
you know you you have not been faithful
to the Democratic Party because you
didn't give us your email list or
because you didn't you know you didn't
fund raise for us enough you critiqued
us too much
you know you challenged this corporate
Democrat that we didn't want you to what
they're gonna do Jimmy
is that they're gonna wheel
as a cudgel as a scepter over any
progressive you know who would dare run
in the party and challenge the corporate
orthodoxy they're gonna say if you step
too far out of line you know we can veto
you and you better know that so you stay
in line you know so when the
establishment approaches Bernie and they
say Bernie I don't want you to endorse
Cynthia Nixon Bernie's gonna have to
think you know jeez if I do that you
know I might burn up my my faithfulness
inside the Democratic Party and then no
longer be eligible to run according to
them and there's a lot of confusion
around this Jimmy because some people
say oh well the Denver Mont Democratic
Party gave him like an honorary
Democratic status well you know first of
all they could undo that at any minute
second of all the DNC doesn't have to
recognize that honorary Democratic
status and third of all it's all moot
anyways because Tom Tom Perez himself
can just decide you haven't been a
faithful Democrat you know you're out so
what so I keep telling trying to tell
people were two years later after
Bernie's primary was cheated out of it
he decides to keep telling people to
join the Democratic Party they keep
cheating progressives left and right
this new rule is a perfect example that
they could nullify his compressed
eventual bid in 2020 which is why
everybody thinks he's staying inside the
Democratic Party because he's planning
on running in 2020 but this new rule
means they could just disqualify him so
if he runs in 2020 and they cheat him
again which they will and he can't
overcome their cheating this time and he
loses what has he accomplished in these
four years because progressives are not
taking over the Democratic Party
contrary to popular belief the
Democratic Party machine is defeating
progressives left and right
across this country right now just like
I told you when the Democrats left here
the bluest state in the nation is
sending Dianne Feinstein and Nancy
Pelosi and Kamala Harris back to
Washington see so why do you think
Bernie is doing this because if he
doesn't win in 2020 and doesn't there's
he has created no progressive movement
well
that's the problem I think that Bernie
thinks that he can win in 2020 but but
ever really everything that the DNC has
done you know what the rules and bylaws
committee is doing says otherwise the
Democratic and Republican Party are
controlled by the same donors the same
corporations do you think for a second
you know does anybody think for a second
that if those donors said you know
four-block Bernie from running or you
know let him run but sabotage him during
the primaries or their convention you
know that they wouldn't do it of course
they would do it you know that that that
that's what they exist to do you know
they eat their each account that's who
they're accountable to so I agree with
you is that the as as a result of I
think Bernie wanting to run in 2020 the
entire movement has been overly oriented
you know towards the Democratic Party
without kind of like you know without
building the alternatives and and the
backups you know that we need it's
become very clear that what we need is
an independent party you know is we need
we need a major third party and it can
be done I've told you before that the
number of signatures that it takes to
get on the ballot as a third party
nationwide is less than the number of
signatures that progressives collected
for one ballot initiative in Florida for
the felons rights restoration ballot
initiative they collected nine hundred
thousand signatures it takes less than
that the combination was so let me
explain this really briefly what happens
so in in Florida there was a ballot
measure to reinstall voting rights to
felons right that's what it was they got
a nine hundred thousand signatures for
that cause in Florida alone the
progressives got nine hundred thousand
signatures for that issue alone you're
saying it's less signatures than it than
that it takes less signatures than that
to get a third party on the presidential
ballot nationwide yes yeah and so when
people say so when people say it's too
hard you're saying that's just a
 talking point
that progressives have internalized and
then repeat right right because last
time around the 48 she had a ballot
access in 48 states right so you green
party is very good at getting ballot
access so this idea that you can't get
it is ridiculous right it is it's absurd
the people who say that you can't get on
the ballot or that a through the third
parties is too hard you know they don't
actually know the rules they they
haven't looked into it they haven't
invested the time they're just repeating
the received wisdom from the Democratic
Party those are Democratic Party talking
points I couldn't agree more so I keep I
just had a conversation with my friend
who said I have to stay in the
Democratic Party cuz I live in New York
and I wouldn't be able to vote for
Cynthia Nixon in New York if I wasn't in
the Democratic Party well the obvious
answer to that is well wouldn't it be
great if Cynthia Nixon didn't have to
run in a Democratic primary to get on
the ballot in November
wouldn't it be great if Cynthia Nixon
could actually join a party there was a
viable third party that she could run
with instead and you wouldn't have to
worry about being a Democrat and you
could say no so that's how you and then
we finally have real change instead of
now the Democrats know they have a
stranglehold on you where else you're
gonna go progressives so it just so to
me that that we have that's the kind of
thinking we're gonna have to overcome do
you think we can overcome that kind of
thinking I do think so I think that I
think that there is a change happening
right now and it's not it's not
localized and it didn't begin with
Bernie you know and so in the past 15
years tens of millions of people have
actually left the Democratic Republican
Party this is a long-term loss of
confidence in the political system and
in the economic system those people
who've left have become independence now
there's 45 percent of the country's
independence almost as much as the
Democrats or Republicans combined each
of them are at 27 percent the number of
people calling for a major third party
has risen to a historic high almost two
out of three people are calling for a
major new party now two out of three
Americans and what I try to convey to
the progressive
Jimmy is that what we cannot
revolutionize this country by
disregarding the will of the people the
people are telling us what they want you
know we can't say mmm yeah I know you
say you want an independent party you
know because you've lost confidence
after being screwed by these two parties
for decades but we know better let me
tell you what you want let me tell you
what you need that sounds a lot like
what Hillary Clinton did to us that
sounds a lot like what the establishment
Democrats do to us yeah you want
single-payer you know yeah you have to
choose between you know your groceries
and your medical bills
but you don't really want that I'll tell
you what you want
you know it's a lot so there's no way
that we're gonna do that but but by
becoming elitist in that sense as a
movement and saying we know better than
you I couldn't agree with you more Nick
you know this whole idea that we can't
have with the rest of the goddamn
Western world has which is three and
four viable parties which is obviously
obviously unbelievably needed here in
the United States in fact Bernie talked
about it his whole career up until the
last two years he talked about the need
for a third party the need for a
movement a progressive movement outside
the Democratic Party he talked about all
all up until right to the point to where
he actually could make a difference and
then he stopped talking about it
three years ago Bernie would have been
on your show saying very you know very
close to what we're saying I it is it
and it brings up something that's really
important I think which is not very well
understood and that is that the
Democratic Party has been neutralizing
progressive movements for a long time it
has not survived this long
by you know by making itself available
to be taken over you know by being
democratic instead it has a model what
it does is it blocks most progressives
and people who don't follow the
corporate orthodoxy at the primary level
okay most of them are thrown out already
and then after that the few that make it
through they it slowly begins to exert
its influence and
and it has many different mechanisms for
doing that so what you know once you get
there the few that make it through they
have to show this deference to corporate
party leaders in order to get the
committee assignments that they want in
order to get the legislation that they
want passed in order to not have
well-funded primary campaigns against
them they have to moderate their
critique of the party and support these
conservative Democrats in swing
districts in order to turn legislative
chambers blue you know they have to then
trade favors and votes with neoliberal
committee heads in order to in order to
get their own legislation heard and
brought to the floor of that committee
or to the chamber they have to secure
the blessings of the establishment to
avoid these you know to avoid being
challenged so they have to toe the party
line also to get to any higher office so
the minute they get there the structural
dynamics of the Democratic Party and
what it takes to you know accomplish
anything and what it takes to relate to
the people there begins to morph and
take you over you know that the the head
the longtime head of the Working
Families Party summed it up when he said
that you don't take the Democratic Party
over it takes you over so the few people
so most people loosen the primaries the
few that make it through get real into
the establishment and it's not because
they didn't have the integrity as a
person you know it's just the structural
incentives you put someone in that
environment and that's what happens and
that's why we need a completely
different party to replace that
structure one that is democratic one
that allows you to throw out leaders who
aren't representing what you want one
that makes its decisions on the basis of
what the people want in terms of the
platform that people decide the platform
the party members decide the platform
they elect the members when the
Democratic Party went to said it was
gonna you know reform itself and it
created the Unity Reform Commission you
know did it did it do a tour of like of
working people across the country and
ask them
hey what kinds of changes do you want to
see in the party know it created a
commission with some party elites
corporate lobbyists you know on
consultants and then and then gave
Bernie Sanders a few appointees on that
is a minority and then said hey you guys
come up with it you know so we're
essentially saying that corporate
lobbyists that sit on the DNC and on
that commission and consultants and
people like Donna Brazile who literally
participated in rigging the 2016
election are now going to decide whether
the political revolution has our
permission to continue within the
Democratic Party
wow that's quote that's a you know you
when you look at it like that it it
sounds ridiculous all right Wendy anyway
Nick I I couldn't be with you more I
just want Bernie to answer our questions
you know we we support his we again we
said everybody supports Bernie's
policies we all are progressives we just
have a difference in strategy and we'd
like him to explain it to us because if
Bernie Sanders doesn't become president
in 2020 which the Democrats are already
right now starting to lay the groundwork
to cheat him out of it and if he doesn't
he's got no movement there's nothing
nothing has happened like I said the
blue estate in the country right now
California is sending to two or three of
the biggest right-wingers back to
Kellogg to Washington DC Dianne
Feinstein Nancy Pelosi and Kamala Harris
that's the blue estate in the country so
Bernie's hero
Bernie's hero Eugene Debs you know you
just think like what would you jean Debs
do if you were here today you know
Eugene Debs as a member of the Socialist
Party he ran for president from for jail
for opposing the for speaking out
against the first world war right you
know so you just think today if people
like Eugene Debs
and people who actually you know
participated in the independent
movements in the past which by the way
as you pointed out before have given us
all of the legislation that you know
that we
today from a 40-hour work week to to
Social Security and to child labor laws
you know an abolition and women's rights
if they were here today they would look
at us you know like with the internet
and their ability to organize that as is
just unparalleled you know a
technological ability to get the word
out with shows like yours and they would
just I mean they would shake their heads
and think wow you have it so much easier
than we did back then to organize it is
literally so much easier you know today
we have the internet we have organizing
tools that we've never had before we
have the ability to crowdfund directly
from the people we have the ability to
get the word out directly to the people
we don't have to go through you know if
you corporate mainstream media outlets
anymore it's it the stakes are higher
today than they've ever been before
the and at the same time the potential
of the world that we have to create of
an abundant world you know where we
don't have to pick winners and losers
where everybody has enough is higher
than it's ever been before and the
ability to realize that alternative is
greater than it has ever been before so
what are we waiting for
well I don't know where we're waiting
for again the Democratic Party has
proven itself unredeemable
it is not reformable that's not
happening they keep going farther and
farther to the right it's not happening
so III again I just asked Bernie what he
thinks he's doing and what the plan is
to keep I telling progressives to join
the Democratic Party and the Democratic
Party turns around and cheats those same
people he's telling to join the party
they're cheating him right now just like
you said they have this new rule all the
time president says Bernie's not a
Democrat good standing you're out of our
door primary so anyway Nick thank you
very much
and people should go to your website
right movement for a People's Party is
that org or a People's Party dollar for
for for-4 People's Party org okay that's
right
and if you support our work if you want
to see this happen please come over
volunteer donate contribute support us
