hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show I'm here at the miserable liberal
Iran lakhan's I'm miserable hey Jimmy
so we've been telling you about the way
they've been rejiggering the algorithms
to screw with independent news producers
on YouTube so the first thing they did
was they would just de monetize all our
videos that talked about anything
important like war or Syria or torture
or terrorism or anything to do with that
they would just de monetize it
so that's disincentive so now we don't
get paid for that right so now that's
like hey you better stop making those
kind of news reports because you're
gonna be in them you're gonna be going
dead
you're gonna have your business ruined
so they did that so that was the ad
pocalypse they called it right mm-hmm so
that was the first thing second thing
they did YouTube used to reward shows if
you if you did a good show and you
became popular and you built up a
library of videos that were popular
YouTube would then prioritize those
popular videos when people would do
searches on YouTube for videos so let's
say you went into YouTube and you put in
Syria now I have a video Syria video
that has maybe 200,000 hits or something
so that would that would be one of the
ones that came up Syria would come up
the Jimmy Dore and then you'd click on
that and then you'd see all my other
videos and that's how people will they
stopped doing that
they stopped rewarding people for having
popular shows so now that I have this so
now if you go in and you type Syria in
does my most popular Syria video come up
no
what they've done is they've changed it
so the most recent video published on
YouTube that mits fits your search
criteria then comes up so hey MSNBC's at
a Syria video CNN did a Syria video 8
the AP did a su BuzzFeed did a Serie of
video so they push that because that
because they're dropping multiple videos
every day they have abused corporations
and there's lots of mainstream news they
dropped all these so now YouTube wants
you to watch the mainstream news and not
independent news because they don't have
to worry about
advertising on mainstream news shows do
you get that so they're afraid that
we're gonna say something that'll upset
their advertisers so their D ranking us
and they've changed the algorithms where
they no longer reward shows like this
for being popular and they reward shows
that aren't popular so it used to be
before they did this you would watch an
MSNBC clip on YouTube or a CNN clip on
YouTube it would literally get four or
five hundred views because nobody goes
to YouTube to watch CNN but now
that they're pushing CNN and pushing
MSNBC and pushing the AP and pushing all
the mainstream news media so now when
you watch a video the next videos out
the all the suggested videos are
mainstream news
there's no when I when I go there it's
all mainstream news being suggested so
now you go and you'll see an MSNBC video
has two million views or in a video from
CBS MIT will have three million like
what nobody used to watch that stuff on
YouTube and now it seems like everyone's
watching it while our numbers go down
independent producers numbers go down
those mainstream news media is being
pushed by their algorithms and that was
to get rid of us so they can push
mainstream news because it's easier to
advertise on mainstream news you don't
have to worry about it so you get what's
happening so that's the second thing
they did now the third thing is I've
been telling you everybody hey you're
probably not subscribed because they're
unsubscribing people they say to get rid
of dormant accounts who cares
if there's a dormant account why do you
care right why do they care they don't
they don't I mean yeah that's that now
all we want to clean up to I don't clean
up my subscriptions don't clean them up
but they do anyway
they've deep they and people tell us
everyday hey I got four times
unsubscribed here's the next thing
they're doing it's the most recent thing
a lot of people keep telling us hey I'm
subscribed but I didn't know you were
dropping videos they don't tell me
anymore
really why wouldn't you tell somebody
that subscribed to my show that I
dropped a video that's why they
subscribed so well here's what they said
here's the YouTube
are the people from YouTube and who did
this and they're gonna explain why they
did this here we go okay so we try to
notify the people who we believe would
be most likely to tune in and watch your
content that's right while it's live and
this is also for live stream
they don't notify everybody who
subscribed for our live stream that's
what she says so we try to notify
everybody we think well here I'll let
her say it again all right so we try to
notify the people who we believe would
be most likely to tune in and watch
wouldn't that be someone who's
subscribed to my goddamn show wouldn't
that be yes it would
so wait but they're gonna do you a favor
they know better than you go ahead I
think I did it now though I think what
YouTube the reason like for solid chat
Saturday's the reason they don't let the
people that watch this show every day
know that we're about to go streaming is
because they watch the show every day so
they probably wouldn't want to watch it
again on Saturday thanks YouTube that's
what your solid it got so here it gets
even dumber here we go right why why
well not necessarily overwhelming and
spamming all of your subscribers
overwhelming and spit it's not spamming
someone who subscribes to get
notifications when I drop a video that's
not spamming that's notifying people who
asked to be notified but they know
better I mean these other people who
make the decisions these people these
are the kind of people who make to look
at them these are the kind of people who
sit around and make these decisions they
know better than everybody again
whatever they're doing it's there to
screw people like us and it is so here
we go
that makes sense to me that make that me
too are you trying to convince that
makes sense yeah like you have to make a
face like this that makes sense that
makes so you make a face like that you
would go if you really believe that
makes sense you go that makes sense
right you and go can't make sense to me
kind of okay I mean I guess I can do a
mental gymnastics where that makes sense
right
I guess that's what that face is that
makes sense can you do that gymnastic is
it that what that face well that guy at
the end his face is like yeah well yeah
sure that makes sense he's not at all
connected yeah the end okay let's listen
to it again there's more to this by the
way okay so we try to notify the people
who we believe would be most likely to
tune in and watch your content that's
right while it's like that's while not
necessarily overwhelming and spamming
all of your subscribers with these these
notifications that's right that make
sense to me fenerty would sound
convinced that makes sense to me yeah
[Music]
all right there's more that's what we
that's what we see our users want that's
what we see our users want come on
okay I think we've answered all these
concerns and questions at this time and
I think we're all in the same page right
you don't want to be overwhelmed there's
no way that you want to we want to help
if I was over I subscribe to a channel
ha and I was good and I and they were
overwhelming me with video alerts that
they had videos dropped if I subscribe
to a channel and it was too much I would
unsubscribe from that channel or just
turn the notification or or go ahead run
or was turn the I mean if you don't like
maybe you like a channel they do a lot
of content you don't need a notice in
your inbox all the time you'll check the
page on your own at your leisure turn
the notifications off a good idea but
we'd like to do it here for you at you
do yeah we figured about once we know
okay that's like YouTube is spending all
their time these days figuring out way
to make YouTube worse that's a classic
it's
Apple when they screwed over iMovie and
then they went to screw over Final Cut
and iTunes has been screwed over for a
decade iTunes is of meth that's what
that's what they're doing they have you
have this great product and you and they
get paid to change things so they have
to come up with new ideas and even if
they're horrible they have to do them
and then they do this mental gymnastics
that makes sense right I mean that that
make sense why would you make a
face like pink GarageBand it's really
fun and easy to use okay well we're
gonna change all that and make it shitty
that makes sense right did that with
every pro every program Apple did that
garage bad Final Cut iTunes iMovie they
wrecked it all yeah GarageBand hurt the
most though that was one I was like
really
I still miss the old GarageBand yeah way
to do it yeah so here we go oh so that's
it so that then they talked about
there's more to this here we go if they
don't mean the Bell and they're just
subscribers oh so you know how I tell
you to ring the bell so you subscribe
then you have to ring the bell I have to
tell you ring the bell cuz even if
you're subscribed they're not gonna tell
you so now here they are talking about
ringing the bell okay here we go
if they don't ring the bell and they're
just subscribers they put them in a
occasional notification state so that
means that they get algorithmically
determined notifications mouthful there
but what it really just was but that
sounds like that sounds like an office
tent that didn't do all the work they
were supposed to do yes
hey did you send out like all the emails
you were supposed to oh you know I I
just periodically sent some of them out
just the ones that were like like
periodic based on who was responding
yeah but you're supposed to send all the
emails out oh why I did and I just
thought you know the other way made
sense means that your most active
subscribers so users who are watching
your channel and your live streams are
gonna get notifications as soon as you
go live if you also send notifications
to not true not all but again they're up
to them to decide who is our most active
users who decides and I'm gonna type and
I'm telling you and all devices it
doesn't register a lot of people rise
watch us on Xbox I don't know how it
works so in the view stone and I don't
think that that count III don't think
that they're clued in because those are
the people who the most say have been a
subscribed again hey I but hey I'm no
accident so there's lots of different
platforms that you can get into YouTube
on and I don't think they all get picked
up the same just because of anecdotal
evidence but okay here we go to users
who let's watch it again ah if they
don't ring the bell and they're just
subscribers if you put them in a
occasional notification state so that
means that they get algorithmically
determined notifications mouthful there
but what it really just what does that
mean yeah that well that really just
means is that your most active
subscribers so users who are watching
your channel and your live streams are
gonna get notifications as soon as you
go live we also send notifications to to
users who aren't your subscribers but
and they're smiling when they say it
she's smiling he's smiling as he says it
we also sent notifications to people who
aren't your subscribers you gotta be
 me
that you'll send a notification to
people who aren't even subscribed before
you send a notification to people who
are subscribed you gotta be kidding me
no and they're saying it giggling I know
it's ridiculous for the record I have
never gotten a lot kind of any kind of
you know notification from YouTube about
another show no me neither
have you no never okay our names never
got pulled out of the Hat yet we just
got to be patient
yeah they have an algorithm for us yeah
and they also watch your content very
actively everything they'll be
interested in and watching your live
stream so we send them notifications as
well little doublespeak alright so the
people who aren't subscribed but also
but watch our channel anyway they send
them so you're gonna spam somebody who
hasn't subscribed and you're doing this
and not send somebody who has subscribed
because you don't want to spam them we
also send notifications to landline
phones so uh
a lot of people complain I'm not the
only person who thinks this is
so there's a lot of people who think
that a lot of people way more so one guy
has 5 million subscribers and he said oh
no they thanks YouTube now I know I only
get 500,000 views on a video I drop when
I have 5 million subscribers and so
that's also happening to us they don't
notify they don't know who I heard
subscribers that we drop videos and then
they don't recommend our videos and then
they have the autoplay goes to CNN or
the autoplay goes to ABC or MSNBC or fox
that's YouTube and Google wrecking
something great and they're doing and
they so they really the independent news
that goes against the establishment it
was there was a honeymoon period from
2006 to 2016 and now that's over there
was a honeymoon period YouTube would
actually help you if you're doing news
shows and people like your news they
would actually help you now they're
working against us and every turn uh and
and I just want to tell people like this
if you think you're helping you're not
just stop it and go back to the way
YouTube was it was fantastic it was
fantastic everyone loved the way YouTube
was and now you're screwing over people
and you want to make YouTube look like
regular TV that that's what they want
they would they would love to get rid of
us they want you they want you to blues
to be filled with ABC News the AP MSNBC
CNN that's what they want and can I add
to that message people went to YouTube
in the first place
to get away from that stuff that's the
whole thing no one used to go to youtube
to watch that and now that's
all they do
so here is the suggested videos next to
a jimmy dore show video this is the
videos they now suggest for me will I go
into I'm watching my own video on
YouTube these are the suggested videos
it's from CNBC it's from CNN it's from
CNBC it's from CNBC
it's from CNN you gotta be kidding me
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't even one of
our regular callers either CNBC uh who's
that who's this CNBC CNBC CNBC ABC News
I'm not making this up
CBS CNBC Bloomberg that's what YouTube
wants you to watch now because they
don't have to worry about putting
advertising on those videos that already
came from cable news it's already fret
clean it's already been vetted so they
can because because what they're gonna
tell you about the Saudi prince is nice
things that the establishment and the
government and the military industrial
complex want you to hear there when I do
a story about the Saudi prince it's
about how corrupt he is and what a what
a genocide ulm a niak he is so that's
what I would be talking about CBS this
morning
no so I I'm not kidding there it is
do you need any more that that's what's
happening and we have to these people to
thank them for it thank you very much
they seem on guys doing the Lord's work
if you can if you can if you get when
you lay your head down on your pillow
tonight's like Oh more people stopped
watching independent news and they're
now watching CBS aw thank God because
that's what they're doing and they're
doing it on purpose and they don't care
because if they don't do it they get
fired and they like their jobs they
don't have to wear a tie when they go to
work they get to wear jeans it's cool
all right so there's my big video on the
YouTube algorithms hope you enjoy hey
now guess what I get to tell you now I'm
gonna tell you that June 30th we're
gonna be in Portland Oregon get your
tickets right there and guess what
make sure you're subscribed even if you
think you are you're probably not only
takes a second and then please ring that
Bell click that Bell so then when we
they say they'll notify you but it's
don't know if they will it's up to them
so all we can do is tell you to do it
that's the only way we can fight back
and if you become a patron that also
helps we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we're on steam
it we're steaming it right now if you do
that okay thanks for you forget we do
solid chat guys Jimmy solid chat
Saturdays at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time
every Saturday we do a live stream where
you can ask us questions and we'll
respond to PM's
Pacific time solid chat Saturday
[Music]
