hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
Show I'm here with Ron plaque Owen and
Stefan Morano
I'm miserable howdy howdy and they
switched seats it's been a crazy couple
of days in the news media for instance
Chris Hayes actually did a report on
Israel killing Palestinians in Gaza and
he did it accurately it was only three
minutes but he did it and he hasn't been
fired yet but I'm guessing that was a
tough meeting after that show so I was
I'll do another video about that but I
want to do this via a present I want to
do this video I told you spent a strange
couple of days Chris Hayes tells the
truth about Israel Palestine Tucker
Carlson stands up against the war
standing up telling the truth about
Trump's war you think I'm kidding let's
watch this is unbelievable so this is
how bad the news media is this is how
horrible they are Fox News is now the
beacon of reasonable thought on war
Tucker Carlson does a great job on this
actually so it just goes to show you he
could do a great job all the time if he
wanted so watch this
good evening and welcome to tucker
carlson tonight leaders on both sides of
the island congress in the media in our
intelligence services in virtually every
overfunded think tank in Washington have
suddenly aligned tonight on a single
point of agreement America must go to
war in Syria immediately Bashar al Assad
cannot continue to lead that country he
must be overthrown so when the news
media the Democrats the Republicans the
military-industrial complex all agree on
that
something's wrong something's wrong
there's nobody nobody's allowed to be an
anti-war voice know except Tucker
Carlson Assad is an evil man they tell
us his latest crime is a chlorine gas
attack carried out over the weekend by
his forces against a rebel-held suburb
of Damascus Assad's poison gas
suffocated children pictures of the
aftermath of that are all over the
internet and they are horrifying Assad
is a monster that's the official story
almost everyone in power claims to
believe it the push to war in Syria by
the way has United politicians from both
sides Lindsey Graham and Howard Dean
typically agree on very little not much
at all but today they are both calling
for war in Syria Graham is demanding
massive attacks on the Syrian military
Dinah's going even further than that on
Twitter he called the president quote a
wimp for merely sending thousands of
troops and launching tons of bombs at
Syria that's not enough for Howard Dean
who was you may remember once ran for
president as the peace candidate tonight
he wants total war in Syria television
pundits of course strongly agree this
morning the foreign policy team over on
MSNBC explained that it's far more
important for American troops to fight
in Syria than it is to secure our own
border here in America watch this now
this is pretty stunning if you're not
sitting down please sit down this is
even me I was like slack-jawed at this
so here's Andrea Mitchell these are
people Chandra Mitchell who's lived
through the Vietnam feint fake war live
through the first Gulf War fake war
lived through the second Iraq war fake
war Libya fake war and now here
she is and here's what she has to say
question that now all these years later
is Donald Trump's Donald Trump's
challenge he has to take action he's
spoken in McCrone what he ought to do is
a court he has to take action she's
lived through how many Wars in
her she is on TV she's given a platform
and she advocates he has to have more
war
well let's point out can I have real
quick that the the outlet here this is
tucker carlson on fox news they're
showing an MSNBC clip so just underline
that the right-wing network is
criticizing the supposedly fling network
we all know that's not what it actually
is but they're criticizing the left-wing
network for being too hawkish about war
yeah the right-wing network is doing
that to the progressive and i wonder why
we have trump and you still wonder why
we have Trump we have two parties at our
unbelievably pro war and you wonder why
we hack Trump who promised to take us
out of the Middle East and then the
intelligence community blackballed ISM
blackmails them for two years straight
and now he's gonna do it for him here we
go more Tucker Carlson they did action
if there has to be a comprehensive
response as Trump leaves to fight his
imaginary border war he's leaving the
real war where we could make a
difference and said he's turning it over
to Assad the real war where we can make
a difference what real war Isis and
al-nusra trying to overthrow Assad who's
a secular leader for what why are they
doing that why why do we why are we
involved we're creating we're right now
assisting Saudi Arabia in creating a
genocide in Yemen but we're supposed to
quit but now we care about people in
Syria really Joe you knucklehead
Iran and Isis this is something that
Barack Obama wouldn't even do if
confronted with these set of facts Trump
has to take action in Syria everyone
nods sagely that ought to make you
nervous
Universal bipartisan agreement on
anything is usually the first sign that
something deeply unwise is about to
happen if only because there is nobody
left to ask
optical questions and we should be
skeptical of this starting with the
poison gas attack itself all the
geniuses tell us that Assad killed those
children but do they really know that of
course they don't really know that
they're making it up they have no real
idea what happened actually both sides
in the Syrian civil war possessed
chemical weapons how would it benefit
Assad using chlorine gas last weekend
well it wouldn't Assad's forces had been
winning the war in Syria the
administration just announced its plans
to pull American troops out of Syria
having vanquished Isis that's good news
for Assad and about the only thing he
could do to reverse it and to hurt
himself would be to use poison gas
against children well he did it anyway
they tell us he's that evil please keep
in mind this is the same story they told
us last April to remember that it was
almost exactly a year ago the new
administration announced it was no
longer seeking to depose Assad from
power regime change was no longer our
policy so the usual war course in
Washington started yelping went berserk
and days later Assad supposedly used
sarin gas against civilians in Syria
there was video we bombed a Syrian Air
Base in response to that at the time
this show asked would seem like the
obvious question are we really sure that
Assad did that
it seems weirdly time to encounter
productive to him shut up they explained
of course were sure what an unpatriotic
question but of course they were lying
two months ago the Secretary of Defense
admitted that actually we still have no
proof that Assad used sarin gas last
year the story it turns out was
propaganda was designed to manipulate
Americans just like so much of what they
say we've seen this movie before and we
know how it ends but just for the sake
of argument let's assume they're not
lying this time let's assume Assad did
just use chlorine gas so it it it
strains a reasonableness it's it it all
credulous Ness
it makes absolutely no sense completely
counterintuitive and it happened exactly
the same way twice
he's completely right Madison mitad in
February that there's absolutely no
evidence that Assad did a sarin gas
attack zero evidence that barely got
reported but we already did the bombing
and now here's all these on TV
the same who said we needed to
go into Iraq the first time the same
 I said we had to go in Iraq the
second time the same just said
we had to go into Libya the same
 who say we should stay in
Afghanistan and now the same
are saying we need to do this again Hank
and it's so easy to see through them
Tucker Carlson see cuz all you have to
do is read and remember this kids he's
perfectly capable of that by the way not
defending his moral character let's say
he did do it would that be worth
starting a new war over overthrowing
Assad's regime in Syria would result in
chaos many thousands would die in fact
let me just put it to you this way so we
want to start a war because he gassed 60
people that's how many people they say
were killed right yeah we got 40 we have
dozens we have 60 not 60 people killed
in this gas attack that's what they say
so let's take him at their word okay he
killed 60 people with a gas attack we
bomb hospitals all the time we're right
now helping Saudi Arabia committed
genocide in Yemen right now we killed
half a million Iraqis with our sanctions
in the 90s look how many we don't care
about killing people it's that what this
is about if we cared about killing
people we'd be trying to stop this
genocide in Yemen but we're not well I'd
also add if we were worried about
killing people we would provide health
care for our veterans right you might
likely see the genocide of one of the
last remaining Christian communities in
the Middle East and we ought to care
about that some of the dead of course
would be American servicemen a new war
would cost us tens of billions of
dollars maybe hundreds of billions
would it make America safer would it
make the region more stable let's see
how exactly did regime change work in
Iraq and Libya doesn't matter say our
moral leaders on CNN and everywhere else
atrocities like this cannot be tolerated
okay but let's be real we do tolerate
atrocities like this all the time for
example there's a devastating famine
killing children in Yemen
right now the Saudis are causing that
family does this guy sound like he's
just I'm are we doing the same news show
together are you kidding me I've been to
doing you look at our Syria look at that
and then look at he must have watched
our video and then he dropped this video
or it's just so goddamn obvious that
anybody who isn't trying to screw you
into a war can see the difference it's
obvious and Tucker Carlson for whatever
reason decides to tell the truth about
this right now which is fantastic that
he's doing it and it's fantastic he's
doing it on Fox that's fantastic that
he's doing it there that is under that's
much more helpful than me doing it here
I think and I didn't read anywhere that
he lost advertisements oh he didn't lose
every time
no okay should we drop tomahawks on
Riyadh in response not until it's on
YouTube apparently when you conduct
foreign policy by viral video pictures
are essential but in real life Syria is
a highly complicated place with Assad
gone who would run it exactly do we have
another strongman in place to install or
is it our hope that a stable democracy
will magically appear in the wake of
this protracted civil war and who
exactly are these moderate rebels you're
always hearing about the ones that we're
supporting with your tax dollars
well a lot of them turn out to be
Islamist crazies for example the city
with a chemical attack just occurred is
mostly controlled by the army of Islam
it's a radical group that is called for
establishing an Islamic state under
Sharia law in Syria that group's founder
called for exterminating all Shia
Muslims and Al whites from the country
but we're supposed to wage a new war on
this groups behalf why is that exactly
back in 2013 when the Syrian civil war
was still in its early days one onlooker
weighed in on Twitter here's part of
what he wrote quote we should stay the
hell out of Syria the rebels are just as
bad as the current regime what will we
get for our lives and billions of
dollars I wonder who that Twitterer was
I bet I know that Twitter was let's see
if you can guess row and
sweetie said this quote let the Arab
League take care of Syria why are these
rich Arab countries not paying us the
tremendous cost of such an attack and
yet another treaty said this what will
we get for bombing Syria besides more
debt and a possible long term conflict
of course you know who wrote that was
Donald Trump and he was right and that's
one of the reasons he got elected
president and now the same people who
brought you a dying American middle
class undefended American borders and
endless pointless wars in countries you
could not find out a map are telling the
president he's got to depose Assad for
reasons that are both unclear and
demonstrably dishonest and by the way it
may happen but before it does Congress
ought to consider a brand-new
constitutional amendment let's call it
the Lindsey Graham amendment and here's
what it would say Congress shall topple
no government until it finishes
rebuilding the last government it
toppled and furthermore talkshow general
shall be required to personally visit
the battlefield of every war they
advocate for end of amendment that would
have an immediate and positive effect
let's hope it passes that last part was
awesome dude this whole second look when
I saw this the fruit-ice sort of instill
I mean I've watched this video several
times now and every time especially when
he mentioned the bipartisan part I was I
was it blew my mind because one of the
things I say they say somebody you know
whenever I hear bipartisanship now I
think the Republicans have a really bad
idea and the Democrats are gonna help
them sell it that's what I hear when I
hear bipartisanship these days and he
said whenever you hear that be skeptical
right and I'm like this is Tucker Carl's
and you know who else said that George
Carlin yep
George Carlin says bipartisan means
there's an extra big screwing coming
your way yeah or something like that I'm
sure I'm sure
but I'm more used to agreeing with
George Carlin yeah that's pretty regular
for me Deborah Carlson not as much so
why so I don't even care why Tucker
feels free to tell the truth about this
because he's going against the president
because the president's vowing to bomb
he bombed last time and it was it was a
foot it was wrong and a guy global he
says honest
believe them so what about our last what
about the last time we unseated it's a
leader what happens well how did that go
and the generals would come on I would
say I would add a little bit to that not
only they have to go to the battlefield
the generals but but be they have to
divulge who they're being paid by
because they're all being paid by
defense contractors to advocate for war
just like they did all the time but they
don't tell you that they don't tell you
when they bring in general on the news
that he's being paid by a defense
contractor to advocate for more war
which is why the news sucks and which is
why we have a show look at Tucker
Carlson I bet you he got advertising on
that I did a segment almost verbatim
what he said very similar parallel to
exactly what he said
they demonetised our video YouTube can't
have that getting out but I'm sure it's
all but so the advertisers don't mind
they've advertised on Fox News they
don't have a problem with Tucker Carlson
doing this report YouTube and Google
does YouTube and Google does Wow
yeah Wow talk about talk about war
making strange bedfellows Tucker Carlson
all right and all right Wow if I just
heard that transcript being read by
somebody I'd be like oh I got to
subscribe to this person yeah that was
that well it's just amazing how he can't
you know he's but he's actually done
great work on Russia gate
Tucker Carlson he's done great work on
this BS Syrian war so that's how bad
everyone is being that uh it cuz it
falls on people like me and Tucker
Carlson to tell the truth about war when
it hinges on me and Tucker Carlson to
tell you the truth about war we're in
 trouble
we're gonna be in another where we're in
that war by the way already we're in
that war
we're in how many Wars right now seven
eight who knows really thought of our
secret we don't find out until we have
soldiers that could kill there then
we're like oh yeah we're in the giro did
we tell you
oh yeah we're back in Somalia I don't
know if I said anything
wow-wow-wow
and there's a lot of people who will
shame me for playing a Tucker Carlson
video there's a lot of morons
out there who have their head so far up
someone's neoliberal ass that they're
gonna actually castigate me for telling
the truth about war and I don't care who
else is against war I'm with those who
are against war Hillary Clinton gets to
be in bed with Henry Kissinger nobody
had a problem with Hillary Clinton
saying Henry Kissinger as her friend a
 war criminal nobody has a
problem with being friends with George
Bush a war criminal if I'm gonna lie
with someone like that it's gonna be
someone who's against war but will you
watch what's the comments watch the
morons
what's the idiots what's the people who
are a cancer on this country
these people who cheerlead the
establishment into war again Wow and you
wonder why we can't have nice things
it's because those kind of people are so
 stupid tucker carlson and me a
dumb jag off nightclub comedian can
easily debunk this easily and you're
telling me joe scarborough you're
telling me andrea mitchell doesn't know
better is she really that stupid is
Rachel Maddow really that dumb honestly
is Anderson Cooper really that dumb Wolf
Blitzer is is Anderson Cooper really
that dumb come on do you really they're
eight they've just watched us going to
how many illegal Wars we're still in
Afghanistan 18 years later 17
years I'm not a math surgeon going on 18
go down 18 yeah Jesus
Jesus Christ help us all so you're not
gonna get the truth like that you get it
on Fox News of all places on Tucker
Carlson show unbelievable
everybody says Shep Smith's the truth
teller over there I didn't see his video
maybe he did one I didn't see it have
you seen a Shep Smith video I've not
seen anything that's anti-war I haven't
seen it either
the only frickin guy in the whole news
is Tucker Carlson giving it right and
I'll also mention because on a previous
video you did say you were like a if
anyone knows anyone else that got it
right please send it to us we got over
literally I'm not embellishing a hundred
submissions of people saying Tucker
Carlson and sending us yes video and
then there are a few other like there
was a German Network oh that got it
right and a few other outliers but
mostly it was as far as American
corporate media goes everyone was like
Tucker Carlson Wow so we have to fight
back against the bastards and the way we
can do it on a micro-level right here is
you support the show by making sure
you're subscribed that doesn't cost you
anything just check make sure you're
subscribed and then ring that bell you
