happy buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with her miserable liberal
and romp Lacombe oh yeah all right so
this article appeared in Politico ex-spy
chief russia's election hacking was it
intelligence failure it's a catchy
headline but when you start so they did
an interview with this guy who well who
is this guy
Michael Burrell he's one of the career
types who's broken with decades of
practice to confront Trump a veteran of
nearly three decades inside the CIA
Morell rose from within the ranks to
become the agency's longtime Deputy
Director twice serving as its acting
leader before retiring during President
Obama's second term and then in the
summer of 2016 he broke with tradition
to endorse Hillary Clinton over Trump
and he has continued to sound the alarm
ever since
so that's who he is and so he goes on to
in the article he talks about how yeah
we took our eye off the ball over the
problems Russia and which is
just just flat-out white again I'm gonna
remind people Russia spent sixty five
billion dollars on their military a year
we're spending seven hundred okay and
we're lighting the world on fire with
bombs and am I wrong about that run you
read the article do you did you think
that that heat that's the carcase he was
making trying to ramp up a Cold War
again yeah well the case he was making
was he was just kind of saying oh we
took our eyes off this isn't this
because he sees all of these elements
differently than I think you or I see
them you know but like like the Facebook
thing for instance at one point in the
interview we talked about like oh I
totally overlooked that and you know to
me the idea of okay a bunch of random
Facebook ads were bought from a country
that has millions of people in it there
was no cohesive theme this is not even a
factor that's the way I see it but to
someone like that who is always thinking
in terms of defense and more war it's
like oh this is a cyber weapon that I
didn't see so it's kind of like getting
into that mindset so that was sort of
the gist of the interview so to me this
political article Barry
the lead mm-hmm the lead isn't that the
the 2016 think was a failure of
intelligence that's not the lead was
what he's getting about to say now
mm-hmm so here he is in conversation and
he says this Morel so let's talk about
what I think the possibilities are going
forward he means with the Russia Gate
investigation so , I would not be
surprised if Bob Muller concludes that
the Trump campaign did not violate the
law with regards to its interactions
with the Russians he would not be
surprised like if that happened he'll be
like yep makes sense I'm really open to
that possibility
why is he open to the possibility that
Trump didn't break the law and Muller
won't charge him why because as you know
this is morale talking the New York
Times The Washington Post and every
media outlet that is worth its salt has
reporters digging into this and they
haven't found anything well they think
they find something every week and then
they have to retract it and then they
have to they have to suspend the
reporters but but not CNN they're not
doing that neither as msnb they're not
they don't suspend those reporters you
can get stuff wrong it's no big deal
and I think that this is Morrell talking
and I think that had there been
something there
meaning had there been something to this
Trump colluding with the Russians over
this hacking if there had been something
there they would have found something
and I think Bob Muller would have found
it already and it would have leaked so
with this guy mr. three decades inside
the CIA deputy directors what he's
saying is if they had something we would
know about it
they have nothing and every reporter in
the world is working on this they found
nothing so I think they're not gonna
finally think because they ain't nothing
there's that's what he's saying
so he goes on
so I'm really open to the possibility
that there that there's no they're there
on a crime being committed by the
campaign and the Russians right that
there that interaction leading to
criminal charges the second point I'd
make is that I wouldn't be surprised if
there were single individuals who were
associated with the campaign who
violated the law with respect to their
interactions with the Russians on the
election Paul Manafort comes to mind I
think he has little to no integrity
there's no way to you spend that much
time with the old Ukrainian government
and not bump up against Russian
intelligence officers a lot as opposed
to the integrity of the entire Congress
and Senate really I wouldn't be
surprised if there were single
individuals who face criminal charges
with regard to their interactions with
the Russians and Paul Manafort it's a
possibility but that's different than a
conspiracy by the campaign right so this
is what we've said of course you if you
of course they're all corrupt and if you
put an investigator in there they're
gonna find crimes are they're gonna find
the crime that that was been screaming
at the top of the media's lungs since
the election he's saying no that's what
he's saying
he's saying if there was that crime we'd
already know about it it had already
leaked so he goes on the third thing I'd
say is every FBI investigation that I've
ever had visibility into or been
involved in the people who they're
looking at actually don't end up getting
charged with the crime they were being
investigated for they get charged with
something else right so that's why I
don't know if you know they got rid of
the independent prosecutor for a long
time after Bill Clinton by the way after
Bill Clinton got impeached they got rid
of that so there's no more of that
there's no investigations anymore well
now they now that there's Trump they
decided we're gonna get one they
invested know they got Bob Knoller and
he's gonna find a bunch of crimes
whoever you investigate in Washington
you're gonna find a bunch of crime
right so you don't think there was quid
pro quo with billions and millions of
dollars being dumped into the Clinton
Foundation from foreign governments okay
and that's something else in this case
could be the laundering of Russia
organized crime funds that's what we've
predicted and if that was done by the
Trump Organization if that was done
knowingly it's a criminal violation okay
so now we're talking about totally
different things now we're not talking
about anything that we've been talking
about for the last year so what we've
been talking about for the last year is
Trump colluded with the Russians in a
quid pro quo to hack the elections
illegally he legally conspired somehow
with the Russians he illegally conspired
with the Russians to hack into the DNC's
servers and John Podesta servers and
that through the election that's been
the charge so now he's saying totally
other things that's exactly right that's
exactly what we predicted and why did I
predict it not because I'm a fan of
Trump I'm Anna Pole I pose him hundred
percent but why we said this was because
the DNC is a lying cheating organization
who just lied to the entire country and
half there and cheated half their party
and they did it uh unbelievably
uniformly and when they accused the
Russians of hacking they never allowed
the FBI or the Department of Homeland
Security to investigate their servers
neither did John Podesta so that's it
game over if you are a victim of a crime
that you want to start World War three
over you call the cops and you have them
come investigate the crime scene they
didn't they call the cops and said don't
come that's what they did so that's how
you know we'll never know what really
happened and that's why now now turns
out everyone's coming around to
something we said a year ago dumb jag
off nightclub comedian
do you see how shootin your media is do
you see why we exist I know I'd rather
be out telling jokes do you realize how
bad your media is I mean unbelievably
bad unbelievably and it's because Bill
Clinton deregulated the
telecommunications industry and now
instead of having 50 media companies we
have six and it's real easy to get them
all on the same page with propaganda do
I well I want to say like the most
important thing like in in regards to
this interview is who the actual sources
let's take a second this is first of all
an intelligence professional with over
30 years of experience another thing to
point out because everyone likes to Oh
sounds like a trump apologist no this
guy has been a political his entire life
until recently when he came out in favor
of who Hillary Clinton he was that
opposed to Trump and why does the
intelligence community really on as a
whole opposed Trump well because he's
somebody that because he's such a
reactionary because he's such a loose
cannon because he's just such a just a
strange guy he's not a safe bet in
continuing the military industrialized
complex as usual as we've seen he said
first and hey we're gonna stay in there
because they have resources right you're
not supposed to say and that's say that
out loud
we're supposed to put a pretty face on
it like Bush the first did like Clinton
did like Obama did like Bush the second
did every president in my lifetime has
done what will Trump in that regards is
an outlier that's why the intelligence
community is opposed to him it's not cuz
they have some moral stance against them
they're probably indifferent but they
see him as this outlier so even this
person who's never been opposed to
anything politically in his life until
now because of that outlier description
I just mentioned even he's saying this
is all we had to look forward to in
regards to this and the media is still
talking about it non-stop it's unreal
yeah so that's quite a thing you just
said run so this guy who's breaking
thirty years of his tradition to come
out and be political and go against
Trump is now the guy saying hey look
I've been around long enough to know how
this is gonna turn up in this hilarious
and it's just crazy and it's not like we
it right all we have been doing is been
asking for evidence and saying you got
to stop this without evidence and at
some point it became clear there wasn't
gonna be any evidence which is why this
guy saying this now and they keep coming
up with fake evidence every week it's
new fake evidence
oh yeah it's it's a new gotcha headline
then you read between the lines you're
like seriously you've wasted my time
again I just want to add to the whole
idea when I see here it's noting that
laundering of Russian organized crime
funds okay gotcha and that they that's a
criminal violation okay I think we
already know that our country started an
illegal border war and I don't know me
went to prison not nobody but he
laundered some money we're supposed to
get him that's right I know I'm supposed
to be upset about him laundering money
in Russia all right when right now
people's lives have been destroyed by
this illegal war and this war machine
that our country continues to perpetuate
across it's awful it's it's good point
that's a great point guys are saying
it's not groundbreaking news to you that
oligarchs work together and do shady
stuff all the time cross countries you
mean how Hillary Clinton's campaign
managers foundation and Trump's campaign
manager we're both taking millions of
dollars from Russian backed governments
I mean how they're both doing that to
lobby against the United States
interests what's weird if I make a
speech in another nation I'm not
laundering money no so when Bill Clinton
goes to Russia and gets a half million
dollars put in his pocket they're not
laundering that they're just giving it
right to him from a Kremlin back bank
and they're doing that because they like
how he talks he has a hell of a closer
yes they're not trying to buy influence
they're not trying to get favors done at
all give you the dumps I definitely want
to see what a half a million dollar
speech looks like I me too I want to
read it so here there's more to this so
he's talking about and if this was done
by Trump organization and if it was done
knowingly it's a criminal violation
meaning the money laundering if it was
done unwittingly this is Morrell talking
because you didn't do the due diligence
that's required under US law for where
the
is coming from from overseas then it's a
civil penalty and the Trump Organization
gets fined what the politics of all that
is I have no idea that's the third thing
I'd say so he's got one more thing to
say so he's saying that even if you
catch a money-laundering you got to
prove his intent which they're not gonna
be able to forget they will not be able
to do that that's right lawyer to have
them off and they planned for this ahead
of time and that civil penalty is part
of the cost of doing business right
that's how oligarchs work the fourth
thing he says is the obstruction of
justice issue right because that's what
they're saying that they're gonna get
Trump on obstruction of justice he says
in my view when I read the statute boy
it looks you know it looks like you
could make a case now the hard part is
intent right you have to intend to
violate the statute
you have to intend to obstruct justice
that's the difficult piece to prove
there and they're not gonna be able to
prove that either because Trump's an
idiot and all they have to do is go this
guy look this guy doesn't know what he's
doing he didn't know that was
obstruction
he thought he was just he was just
making a bombastic statement on Twitter
he didn't know he was obstructing the
guy's a
and you guys spend you know a whole year
trying to convince us he's a
well he's gonna use that to his defense
in court so one more thing he says you
need so here's what he says you have to
prove intent he says you need something
on paper or you need somebody who heard
the president say something about what
he was trying to do here or you need him
to tell you that right meaning
obstruction of justice well he's not
going to do that and so while it looks
like it's all of us meaning it looks
like obstruction of justice about to all
of us that that's what he was trying to
do you've got to get to that intent part
and that's what's hard from a criminal
perspective so if you believe what he's
saying it's all over can we get on with
the business of opposing Trump's
policies can we get on with the business
of speaking about politics in
Nacional way unless do you think Rachel
Maddow is gonna do that and the fact
that Rachel Maddow
reputation won't be hurt by this because
cuz the whole goddamn mass media is
going along with it that she should be
humiliated and left out of the business
like Sean Hannity remember what they
wanted if the funds Sean Hannity this
year because he was talking about the
DNC murder that they didn't wanted to
talk about they want to defund him
because he was getting things wrong the
whole goddamn news network his client
and science deniers but all of a sudden
so uh but now Rachel meadow can be just
a maniac
for a year straight i we pointed it out
the intercept that's pointed it out lots
of people have pointed it out it's just
propaganda and so your road scholar from
MSNBC is a propagandist of the highest
order and she's paid handsomely to do it
thirty thousand dollars a workday and
that's why we have a show not because
I'm smarter than them but because we
have we not I haven't been paid off yet
so I can tell you the truth that's why
that's literally why there's no I hate
there's no big money die breathing down
my neck saying Jimmy you like that money
right you like your house right you want
your kids to go to college right you
want to be able to take that vacation
right well just be up just obfuscate
around net neutrality and the Russia
stuff right yeah so I don't have that
here which is why we we we're not doing
anything heroic well in a sense we are
because everybody's been smearing us
calling me calling us every name in the
book and and saying we're Putin puppets
and we're Trump apologists and well why
don't we just join the you know all that
stuff what all we're trying to do is is
tell you the truth and ask for evidence
and point out where your government is
lying to you and where your corporate
media is lying to you that's all we're
doing and we've been trashed for it
heavy called lots of names by people
close to us so
well anything else you guys want to add
to this cuz that's that's stunning
that's not some guy that's not a trump
voter right that's the former well you
know I want to try to end on something
positive especially for the holiday
season just keep in mind everybody don't
give up faith every time a neoliberal
says oh come on collusion huh a young
progressive gets their wings I believe
that not giving up so if you appreciate
this show please make sure you're
subscribed because YouTube is
unsubscribing people all the time
click subscriber then click the bell
you'll get a notice when we drop new
videos and if you can become a patreon
or a patron and support the show that
way we have lots of extra content or you
can buy a mug or a t-shirt or come to
our live show December 18th that's a
Monday in Hollywood thanks for your
support
[Music]
