welcome to part two of our interview
with Karla Ortiz Karla Ortiz is an
actress and film producer who spent a
great part of the last two years in
Syria firsthand in Aleppo and she's
going back and she's got a lot of great
stories to tell and she's got her own
video that she took inside the white
helmets headquarters and she's gonna
share it to us right now
here's Karla Ortiz and I want to show
you a video here here is you when you
went to Aleppo now tell people when you
went to Aleppo and what we're gonna see
um I was in Aleppo in several locations
including at the time of the Battle of
Aleppo in December 2016 it was my third
time but my first time on during the
actual conflict zones because I was
there before in the rebel-held area but
without a when there wasn't real the
actual a battle happening when I was in
December I testified the actual
liberation of Aleppo that we in the West
made such a scandal saying that Aleppo
was falling and Aleppo was burning and
that we had to respond and that Obama
had to bomb that Obama had to bomb a
leopard he had to take action I was
right there without Wi-Fi connection and
all this activists that said that they
were that they were on the on the east
side of Aleppo it is not true because
there was no internet and they were
saying that they were dying and they
were you know getting burned I saw the
actual corridors that the Syrian army
were forming with their bodies in order
for people in civilians to live I have
documented all these I've done some live
videos about it and as people were
leaving I was dumb enough at the time
with my innocence I wanted to interview
the famous white helmets the people that
were saving them
first of all in Aleppo nobody knew them
because they were saying like no who are
they we don't know who they are when I
start showing them pictures they'll say
oh they're terrorists they're Terry's -
they work with all newsroom they'll say
yes they are the civil defense but of
the armed groups and they said like
they're together they work together so
then it's when I met also other
journalists have been doing already
investigations about it
and I corroborated this information and
I was going oh my god why didn't I ask
more questions because I was okay I have
to do more information but I was asking
permission to go but Dubois battle was
ongoing and it was very it was not clear
yet of also you know different weapons I
found also places where be that being
liberated where I found also weapons
that as the United States provided the
groups like al-nusrah which is the
affiliate of al Qaeda in Syria not only
that but later when I went back two more
times in March and then I went back
again in June
in June of 2017 I asked specifically
co-op to work all this
neighborhood where is the main base of
the white helmets that is where they
film the short film the won the Oscars
in 2000 in 2016 which I could not
believe I was just on TV saying that is
not true and then you are seen all these
white helmets when they told me like
they did not exist so anyhow I went to
the headquarters and I mean you went to
the white helmet headquarters in Syria
this is in Aleppo in the suhoor
neighborhood in the white helmets
headquarter so let's show that hi
everybody I am Karl Ortiz I am here in
the city of Aleppo where in the
headquarters of the white helmets weekly
here the main logo of the white helmets
over here we see the teaching of how the
white helmets have to help and right
above now what was that the teaching of
how the white helmets have to kill it's
a help oh yeah basically they put
posters of you know this is how they
helped and this is how they recruit
people because you know they put it in
the neighborhoods if you want to help
and be in the Civil Defence you know if
you're in the Syrian army you get paid
$50 a month to fight terrorism and if
you are a regular citizen you get to to
do 16 to 18 hours of work and have two
different works and you make fifty
dollars if you work with the white
helmets or al-nusra you get $1,500 a
month
so for Syrians this is a lot so
lot of people go as volunteers and a lot
of people and I know this because people
are gonna ask me because I interview 9 8
or X white helmets in this trip I have
the interviews so I'm talking from what
they are saying and what it would be pay
a lot of them would basically volunteer
thinking they're gonna help people and
they would tell me I didn't know I had
to be an actor I didn't know like a lot
of things were setups
and then what we would ask questions we
would not get our payment so you have to
also understand that like with these
posters that they recruit people and
they show in this wall in the same old
there is the logo of Isis okay that's
very good let's watch some more you can
see Isis this is going down here see
this is going down stairs because
obviously this is a school it's a it's a
school I think it's a middle school that
was taken as a headquarters for a for
the white helmets so when you go
everything is a lot of places are
completely burned because it's like they
left and they burn everything so they
won't left any evidence but in this one
room there are there were two flags of
al-nusra so why if you are white helmet
that you'd denominator yourself as a
non-profit area or as volunteers that
you are neutral and you're unarmed all
the sudden why would you have a lousier
flags in downstairs where you are
operating ok very good point
and here's another plug and here we have
a jackets of the white helmets a lot of
the neighbors over here have said so
this is the white helmets headquarters
and there's L nutria al Qaeda flags
everywhere exactly I see Sal now I'm
going to us this because they put this
in my Twitter and they ask me the
question but wouldn't these be before ok
fine but if I am a firefighter ok if I
am volunteer for something and me being
Syrian big I've been in Syria for two
years and if I am Syrian and I've seen
what Isis and al Qaeda have done to my
people they raped my woman they kill my
children they kill and beheaded my
brothers would I'll be ok to keep a logo
of my volunteer place where I'm saving
people will I be ok looking at this log
at IHOP brought only blood and killing
and death to my country even worse in
this time I'll al-nusra was the most
powerful armed group in Syria especially
in Aleppo they controlled basically all
the other 47 armed groups so why would I
be okay having flags of them and why
would I burn this place that has all the
flags as well you know it just doesn't
make any sense this is no conspiracy
theory I was right there I saw in the
reason why I left also the flag and I
don't touch it is because you see that
the flag was right there before and
right here is exactly as I was walking
the neighborhood this is exactly what
the civilians were telling me they were
saying that yes they are that they are
the Syrian civil defense but of the
militants of armed groups on the white
helmet the white helmets do save people
ok they do save people but they save the
militants they would not treat regular
civilians they treat only the terrorist
groups the church the terrorist service
oh well news for al Qaeda Isis that's
what they're treating that to white
helmets are taken care of sac not the
citizen there's where our money's going
because our press
in our briefings in the press we have
said since the government of Obama and
also in Britain they have agreed and
they have a basically said admitted that
we have donated millions millions I
think up to now it's close to almost
like two hundred million dollars just to
the white helmets alone so our taxes are
being used for them to treat terrorists
Wow
okay so I'll show a little bit more than
that they were not taking care of
civilians but only militants that carry
weapons and fighters take your own
conclusions al Qaeda headquarters here
and just like not even two meters away
it is the white helmets headquarters so
you're saying that the white helmets
headquarters was just a few meters away
from Al Qaeda's headquarters yes so the
next door is school it's a school I
think that one was for already like high
school right um that was taken by
al-nusrah so this is the headquarters of
Al nusra so if I am a firefighter and
I'm a civil defense why would I be ok
and how can I communique with the
strongest and most evil force of
terrorism in Aleppo so it was right in
front it's only separated by that by a
wall one patio from the other patio this
is crazy when I was there I could not
believe my eyes
you know how is it that we fell for this
okay because it's you have a you you
have a very well controlled media that's
how we fall for it because we run in
dated with propaganda and no one's
telling the truth and the people who do
tell the truth they try to discredit
smear just like they're doing a Robert
Fisk now and they try to intimidate you
like they're trying to intimidate you
right so that's how people fall for it
let's watch a little more
Business School over here that it says
Isis Islamic state for Iraq wearisome
Palestine in Syria Jordan you see
everything is walking distance these are
their moderate rebels we in the West
have been sponsoring so we're our
marinara we're arming al-nusra right
because for a long time did you know
they rebranded themselves from al-qaeda
they call themselves al-nusra so they
were moderate at the beginning and we're
arming them and we're aiming them
because they were ok so we're selling
weapons to them and they were selling it
we're sending aid to the white helmets
and their one door to the next one and
we have no idea where our taxes are
going ok this is the entrance you see
that is the Red Crescent it's like the
Red Cross so this was the original Red
Crescent we're gonna do a little
briefing I show you the headquarters of
the white helmets I show you the
headquarters of al-nusra this is covered
here you can see here what it says
the most important part over here up so
you don't have to go like through the
end is that this building the Red
Crescent which is the equivalent to the
Red Cross in the Middle East because the
Crescent represents them Muslim there is
lesser Islam was protected by NATO by
the United Nations they are saying that
this is a place where it was a no you
know no-fly zone it was a demanded that
anything that will we will do against
this one building that is exactly in
front of the al-nusra headquarters
walking distance and you see flags of
al-nusra
as stickers that al-nusra used over
there I mean how is it that you be in
the United States and have an
intelligence that we have the
not know that the Red Crescent was taken
also and that al-azhar had access to
this place so how is it that the Red
Crescent and again I'm not saying that
the Red Crescent works with al-nusra or
with any terrorist group I'm saying that
these three buildings were taken and we
then we are saying that the one was
attacked Russia is bombing schools and
hospitals
who were in the schools who were in the
hospitals and this is the thing that
residents in Aleppo are saying they're
saying our children have been deprived
of school for four years because the
terrorists came they closed and shut
down all the schools our children cannot
go anymore to study and guess what
there's where the terrorists are besides
this there is the other the big I am a
headquarter in hospital of 16 buildings
it's in the center of Aleppo the 16
buildings is the largest hospital in all
of the Middle East I Hospital in the
whole Middle East this was a main battle
point for Isis and al-nusra because they
had fought to keep this it's in the
center of Aleppo that was the base of a
nusra there hospital
so and the people and also probably
going to upload this video in the next
couple days where actually this one guy
who was an excellent refiner tells me
that they used to put people on cages
civilians on cages and put them on the
roof of the hospital so that when syrian
the syrian army or russian planes would
cross by they would not bomb the place
and they would not kill the civilians so
we have seen videos of people being
carted around and back of trucks and
cages and that's what you're talking
about exactly because the terry's walk
with these civilians in cages if you're
a minority especially if you are a
christian or you are an Alawite why
because first of all these terrorists
are not even syrians and this is the
first misunderstanding
that most people do not know these
terrorists are mercenaries from all of
the voluntaries but syrians so the first
victim suffer here of terrorism are the
Syrians themselves correct so so now
you have some videos of when they were
opening human corridors yes so do you
want to talk about what we're gonna see
yeah sure
well um I was when I was in Aleppo
actually and you know because the media
I was in so many of the mainstream media
important interviews they asked me were
where my my proof that I was right there
during the liberation or their corridors
a lot of this footage is my own I was
right there and I said I'll show you the
humanitarian corridors and when I start
when the whole gooda problems are
happening I start getting calls again
from all mainstream media for me to talk
about and what I thought about Goethe
and I was saying I think ingot is
happening the same as in Aleppo I'm not
in Goethe but this is what happened in
Aleppo so this is what happened until
Aleppo they opened up human corridors so
human beings could leave without getting
killed here we go the minute Aryan
corridors were opened
civilians exiting through safe passages
we are going to double bedrooms because
it's a place where they are liberating
people and they're letting them pass in
rear of the east side of Aleppo to the
west side of a level this is good today
[Music]
we start the cages
this was good too before the war you
stop for a second
Jimmy how is it that we don't want that
for Syria I know I don't understand you
know like look at that so why do we want
to see Syrian rebels you know people
think that the people who lived in this
city decided to bomb themselves that's
what people in America think that they
were so upset at Assad they started
bombing everybody that's not what
happened what happened was the CIA went
and paid all these terrorists to try to
overthrow Assad and they started a war
the CIA did that and that's how this war
started it wasn't because it mi wrong
about that no absolutely and by the way
you know because everybody's been asking
me about you know Syrians and everything
that if if we would know that they look
like us if we would know that they're
white people will guess what Syrians are
actually very white you've seen the
child they are blond most of them and
that's what a lot of the neighboring
countries hate as well you've seen if
you're a minority which means that you
are an Alawite or you're a Christian you
get on the cage they put you if they put
your Christian children in a bag a trash
bag and they put do not touch Christian
here I've seen it with my eyes and we
are none of those people we are
sponsoring them and if a son would leave
also Syria I don't care about Assad
right but this is exactly what's
happening if he leaves we are going to
testify the biggest genocide of
Christians in the Middle East
yes people don't realize that was what
will happen so just like what would
happen in Libya now there's open slave
trading markets and there they they've
killed thousands and thousands of people
well let's watch a little more you watch
a little more
[Music]
before before so what happened to Aleppo
after its liberation give me one second
there after the Battle of Aleppo and
Aleppo is burning in Aleppo spalling
nobody has ever in the mainstream media
cover again what happened to Aleppo
afterwards so let me tell you what
happened in Aleppo close to 800 800,000
people return to a leper from all
neighboring countries and from inside of
Syria Christians were able to finally
put a Christmas tree after four years
and go to church and this is what
happened people were on the streets
raising the flag women taking their hips
off that were forced to be covered and
here are some of the footage
[Music]
[Applause]
how many 800,000 refugees have returned
to Aleppo yes
that's amazing and 75 schools were where
a built since December 2016
until in November 2017 I don't know
right now how much is it so I wonder if
we have opened like five in the United
States right and so what you're saying
is that this note is not being reported
in the United States now we talked all
about Aleppo until after it got
liberated and now nobody talks about we
talked about Aleppo as long as our proxy
terrorists we're occupying a level as
soon as they were defeated we were not
interested in knowing what is happening
in Aleppo okay let's watch a little boy
Aleppo was not falling was being
liberated
maybe Goethe is happening the same you
know I made this video like two weeks
before we saw the exact same corridors
in Goethe nobody reported these
corridors we even call a joke our our
government call the humanitarian
corridors that were proposed by Russia a
joke so let me explain so there were so
in order to get innocent people women
and children out of parts of Aleppo out
of parts of Syria to get them to safer
spaces that weren't in conflict that
they wouldn't be killed and you're
saying that the Western governments
mocked that idea of having corridors
where people could leave that's what you
say exactly exactly because what the
United Nations decided was a no-fly zone
and every single time that we were
asking every single time that the Syrian
government is winning a war or a battle
whether it's yours or whether it was in
Palmyra whether it was in the rheya
which whether he was in Homs our United
Nations have declared a no-fly zone so
they cannot win and be victorious on the
world now it's not a conspiracy theory
just follow the story of what happened
the moment that we impose of and you
know how the sub flat no-fly zone
happens by a video reported by the white
helmets of a gas attack a chemical
attack that has happened in the place
every single time that the Syrian army
is winning the war yeah but we don't
question ourselves these things right so
this is not about Assad this is about
the people so so that you kind of and
the people kind of understands and we
can put them in perspective with what
happened in Douma the government was not
interested on doing anything with duma
they were basically trying to liberate
the other side because you know I mean
