how everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show you know who this is we already
told you about her yesterday
that's Alyssa Lucas and she's candidate
for West Virginia House of Delegates
district seven but guess what she went
to her State Capitol - uh well she
traveled 100 miles from her home in
Cairo West Virginia to the state capitol
of Charleston on Friday to testify
against an oil and gas industry sponsor
bill that would allow companies to drill
on minority mineral owners land without
their consent and she thought it would
be good idea to shed some light on it to
let everybody know that the people who
are gonna be deciding this issue how
much money they actually took from the
company that they're supposed to be
regulating and here's here's how that
went
I also like to point out that the people
who are going to be speaking in favor of
this bill are all going to be paid by
the industry and people who are going to
be voting on this bill are also often
paid by the industry for example and I
have to keep it short simply because the
public only gets a minute 45 while
lobbyists can throw a gala at the
Marriott with whiskey and wine and talk
for hours to the delegates so to keep it
short on the Judiciary Committee
Charlotte Lane about ten thousand
dollars from gas and oil interest
including a EP Marathon first energy
Dominion eqt and I could go on next
let's talk about John shot from Mercer
first energy $2,000 Appalachian Power
$2,000 Steptoe and Johnson that's a gas
and oil law firm $2,000 console energy
1,000 a QT 1000 and I could go on now
let's talk about Jason Hershberger miss
Henkes we ask no personal comments be
made if you still comment is a personal
comment and I'm going to call you out of
order if you're talking about
individuals on the committee so if you
would just address the bill that's not
you know I asked you to please step down
took $3,500 about remove 40%
[Music]
so that's what happened and now that
video went viral and so what they were
trying to suppress and actually
backfired on them and guess who we have
with us today to come talk to us
it's Alyssa Lucas she's here that won't
young lady right there who just got
manhandled on her way out the door
trying to do a public service and expose
corruption inside of her state
government Alyssa can you hear me yes I
can hear you right well thank first of
all thanks for doing that I appreciate
you doing that and let me see let's see
if I can get your picture up there we go
and now tell me what was it to tell
people what the bill is about and why
you cared about it and why you drove a
hundred miles to go testify like that
well this bill is essentially a version
of a bill that the industry has been
trying to push through for five or six
years the public doesn't want it and yet
they could keep getting closer and
closer to getting it passed and so two
years ago it died in a tie and and last
year it did not get introduced because a
lot of cannabis activists sort of took
over the legislature and we got medical
cannabis passed last year but this year
they decided this was the year they're
really going to push it and what the
bill does is it allows a gas company to
force mineral owners to sign a lease
even if they don't want to or even if
it's a bad lease even if they might want
to sign a lease but they want to hold
out for a better price or they want to
hold out for better conditions get a
better royalty or a better down payment
they're not allowed to do that they're
locked into a bill that would force them
to give up their property rights to
corporation and so and so you were
trying to expose that the people who are
going to be deciding this by the way
this is unpopular with the people
correct people don't want this bill
people don't want this vote they've been
a poll but in in the poll they didn't
explain how the bill works but but the
people who actually know about mineral
rights actual mineral owners who live
out here in my district don't want it
the West Virginia mineral owners
coalition is against it
and as a matter of fact there was a
whole group this summer that got
together of surface owners and mineral
owners and different interests to try to
come up with bills that would help the
people who actually live out here in
rural West Virginia and when the
industry tried to push forced pooling
through some of those channels we all
said no way and so they stopped they
stopped talking to the people who who
objected to that and when it got
reported in the papers they kept saying
that you know everyone was on board with
this bill which was just a lie so what
is force pooling force pulling was an
earlier version of the bill it's such a
poisonous term that they are trying to
rebrand it now they've changed the size
of a pool from from multiple tracks to a
single track so this has to do with
mineral extractions and often times on a
board on a piece of property there'll be
several different mineral owners right
because it gets passed down from
generation to generation that's kind of
that's kind of the story so so if you
have say 25% ownership on a parcel on a
piece of land and 75% of the other
owners go along with saying selling
their mineral rights to this corporation
they now don't have to deal with you the
other 25% they can just roll you over
right and what that does to is it it
feels like it kills local jobs where gas
and oil men go and they try to negotiate
with landowners because they don't have
to negotiate with 25 percent of the
landowners now they can just force them
to sign it doesn't matter now and then
- it's just a you know it's and even
aside from that it's just stealing yeah
stealing stealing is wrong and so
they're legalizing stealing and it's
because you think that the the money
that they've taken in campaign donations
what I love that you see pointed out
that you know the public's only given a
minute 45 seconds yet lobbyists can can
buy them whiskey and champagne all night
for hours and talk to them for hours
right at their fundraisers and at their
all that so that's a Mantha Marriott is
what you said so that was really
interesting yeah I think people go ahead
there's a whiskey and wine fundraiser
that they had at the Marriott that week
but I mean it's bad in West Virginia for
example our crazy governor Jim Justice
now has a citizen volunteer who is a
essentially a lobbyist who works for eqt
corporation when pipeline companies and
so he's a volunteer he gets to come and
go as he pleases he's not subject to
ethics rules at lobbyist or subject to
he's a volunteer that's a volunteer he's
at the frontier and so no coincidentally
a lobbyist so that guy's name who
through Europe that's name is John
Schott is that who that was yes and so
all right now you're running for the
West Virginia House of Delegates that's
where you were speaking correct right so
are you running in it for any of their
jobs right there yeah as the last guy
who I called out Jason Harshberger
will be my opponent I'm running as a
Democrat he's running as a Republican
neither of us has a primary opponent
okay so now it seemed to me like they
why did they let you do that to us it
wasn't you got to his name is when they
shut you down
yeah I'm not sure I think he was just
trying to think of what he could call me
out of order for because I wasn't you
know I wasn't making any I wasn't making
any personal insults I was just reading
off you just really got pumping money
yeah that's just pup that's public
information that's not right right that
wasn't like some kind of slur you were
throwing up that's all documented we can
all find out how much they took you know
what I was surprised that it's just how
little money it took to bribe those guys
well this is this is the side job you
know the money they get comes from when
you work for Dominion maybe I don't know
maybe you get some months off to work in
a legislature I don't know maybe that's
how it works I have no idea okay you get
to move into lucrative lobbying
positions after you're done in the
legislature you get it's like the last
delegate we had here and he was pushing
for for schooling this is the delegate
we had before Jason Hershberger he was
pushing for for schooling coincidentally
got a great royalty fee over he got
something like 18% royalties and yet the
bill he was pushing would only provide
12% royalties forced on people oh isn't
that interesting it's crazy how that
works it's kind of yeah it's kind of
crazy so so what's the what does it look
good for you and your race house and how
does it look I mean you're a Democrat in
West Virginia how does that go
well this state was blue not too awful
long ago but that said my particular
district has always been pretty
Republican but that being said I think
property rights is an issue that appeals
to everyone and you know everyone I've
talked to is also wanting to get the
money out of politics so I just feel
like if we I mean this would improve
every party so instead of this constant
vicious division we could actually talk
about issues again I mean we're going to
disagree on methods where how we can
help people maybe but at least our
representatives would be trying to help
people they're not trying to do that
right
now they're trying to work for
themselves and figure out how they can
get more money and figure out how they
can get elected and I don't that's
that's not what I want my representative
to be distracted by I well I agree with
you so that's fantastic well it kind of
bought a really backfired on them
because I but people are bypassing that
video of you around how does that feel
it's a little surreal I'm it's I keep
thinking like it's going to be over soon
like people are going to get tired of it
but I keep I keep getting calls and
people are just very kind sending me
well wishes and I I apologize to people
who have have tweeted or messaged me or
emailed me I'm just I'm trying to find
help so that I can respond to everyone
so that's that's really my concern it's
it's it's it's encouraging to know how
much people care about this yeah it is I
mean well I think people are done with
having a bought government I think it's
there they they're stealing right out in
the open and just like what you just
showed and then when you want to talk
about it that's impolite we got to shut
you up and it's just nice to see that
again when you try to suppress the truth
it it backfires on them and it created
more attention to this issue than you
could have ever dreamed could be drawn
to this issue with you Jess if they
would have just let you speak it woulda
went away and nobody would have been the
wiser but did they they had to try to
shut you up and it's just such a sweet
irony and such a sweet victory isn't it
Alyssa yeah it's well I try not to I try
to keep focused on on the issue that
right no I want to change so I'm looking
forward to like trying to figure out how
to how to get this out there even more
so has this been picked up in the West
Virginia press at all yeah because that
has written about it and I got called
again by The Gazette today and I I don't
know you know where that's happened it
was on
at least one TV station our paper out
here is just weekly so I guess I'll find
out tomorrow if it made the paper and to
be honest you know it's it's possible
that a lot of the press here has tried
to contact me and and I've just not been
able to find it because I literally have
hundreds and hundreds of messages and
I'm doing my best to try to go through
them okay well do you so do you think
when when do they vote on this behind
the bill well this was in front of the
committee so it went through the Energy
Committee first and they passed it and I
testified in front of the Judiciary
Committee and directly after that
testimony period that public hearing
they passed it and interestingly they
the committee had substituted a version
that would have been better for mineral
owners and surface owners but when they
passed it they passed the original
version and when the Democrats because
luckily at least in the house the
Democrats were going to stand up for
property owners when the Democrats asked
well how did this happen it turns out
that those negotiations for a secret and
you know one wonders if they were with a
citizen volunteer so so after that it
goes to the Senate and if the Senate
passes that governor justice will sign
it so that was in front of a committee
that was the Judiciary Committee yeah
okay all right so that was just out of
committee hearing that's fantastic all
right so do well do you think it had it
this all this attention is having an
effect are they a little afraid that
they're being exposed or is it just
business as usual
I I don't know I think they're probably
more worried about the money than
anything like I don't think that they
feel at all obligated to voters I just I
think they're concerned about the money
yeah I don't even think like I don't
even think that that John shot has
thought gee maybe I shouldn't have done
that I think he's thinking you know how
can I disliked this issue yeah I'm sure
of it
I'm so okay well we'll check back in
with you what's your what's your feeling
on the bill you think it's going to pass
I hope not in the in the full house
there are Republican liberty caucus kind
of libertarian leaners that are opposed
and I don't know I don't know how many
there are and I hope that I hope that
they will that there are enough of them
who are going to stand up for their
constituents so that it doesn't pass I
mean that would be a beautiful ending I
mean the really tragic thing to me is
that they're spending all this time and
effort on this bill in order to take our
rights away and there are people in this
district who don't have clean running
water in their homes like this is what
they're spending time on and this is why
we have to get the money out the
industry wants this bill meanwhile there
are people who are boiling water on
their stove to try to shower in Wow
creating yes it is it's a people are
upset that's why I think people voted
for Bernie Sanders people are really
ready for a revolution people are ready
to take their government back you know
right now Joe Manchin he's your senator
correct
unfortunately so yeah now what's the
talk about with apology and Swearengen
now she's running against him I love
Paula Jean I love her to death I will
because the Republicans honestly they're
running just awful awful people don
blankenship is who is running and he's
the coal baron who killed 29 miners and
was thrown in prison so if if joe
Manchin when is the primary I'm gonna
have to swallow my bile and vote for him
but I will also say this you know who
has tweeted and done a live video and
talked about getting the money out of
politics and is only taking small
donations
that's apology and Swearengen you know
who is conspicuously silent why that
would be Joe Manchin yes of course
everybody knows that yeah he's one of
the you know it's just and it's not just
Joe Manchin it's it's it's pretty much
look at the people you had to go you
just talk to look at those people it's
it's it's the problem of our government
right it's why we live in an older
Garkinos II and we need people and when
you know we're good people like you
stand up they try to take your
microphone away or they cheat Bernie out
of a primary and what do we get left
with and whether corporate is war
mongers so i appreciate you standing up
and fighting back lissa and hopefully it
will do some good and good luck in your
campaign and if you ever want to talk to
us again let me know thanks so much it
was really a pleasure to talk to you
okay right back at you thanks again for
your work
you
