happy bunny walk Luigi beador show I'm
here with the miserable liberal and Ron
paconne hey everybody I'm miserable
howdy howdy
hey let's get to what's happening in
Spain so I'll give you a very brief
thumbnail the people in a part of Spain
want to secede from the nation from the
nation of Spain and so they held a
referendum you know Scotland kind of did
the same thing with the UK and so they
held a referendum to see right they
wanted to vote on it and the government
of Spain did not want that vote to
happen so this is what they did the
people who wanted to vote who showed up
to vote these people weren't protesting
these people weren't being violent they
didn't break a window they didn't yell
at anybody
they didn't march in the streets all
they did was show up to vote and this is
what the government of Spain thought was
appropriate response this is what I call
cops cops being cops see that cop jump
he gave a fly a flying kick now these
are just citizens these are as fellow
countrymen who are now sitting on steps
inside of a polling place and let's
let's see how cops handle it
cops gonna be cops bad what the hell you
see that guy just dinner and then they
start throwing people down the steps
women see they throw that woman down the
steps they're pulling people out by
their hair watch it it's throwing women
down these steps like crazy so even you
think they got why I thought I was
watching Occupy Wall Street turns out
the cops are the same everywhere you go
turns out cops are the same in Spain
cops are look they just hit that woman
in the back of the head now they're
gonna look at it look what they're doing
to women who all they did was vote by
the way they want to vote whites are
gonna pull that woman's hair see how
they're pulling her hair grabbing her
out of the room by her carry come on
pick a guy that's what car so budget if
those were Muslims
that's what how that's how we pretend
Muslims treat their women
that's how no that's how we treat our
women who wanted to vote that's how
that's the Western democracy right there
for you baby and that nice there's
there's more to this they keep doing it
they keep throwing people don't think
this throw them throwing women down the
steps cop get the
so these are their hair there's to serve
and protect no they're gonna brutalize
that's why they became cops again more
example of why people become cops do
cops do good things
yes do cops do lots of horrible things
and the wrong kind of people are
attracted to that job yes and it looks
like it is global cops are thugs and
they do exactly whatever the government
says doesn't matter if that governments
right wrong and different they're gonna
crack your head open and they don't and
that's that's all those are the kind of
people they hire okay that's this isn't
about that I mean it a little bit
because I wanted to show it wrong you
know it's not often that I'm gonna say
something like this but Spain really
should have called us here in the United
States we've come up with all kinds of
nonviolent ways to suppress people from
voting they could have had it on a
weekday
they literally send thugs out there with
sticks and and and bats and to beat the
crap out of people and that's exactly
what they're doing
because they wanted to vote step do you
think at all when their heads are
completely covered that that anonymity
also inspires them to be even more
brutal yes it does it certainly does
that they feel like they have anonymity
because they have helmets on and nobody
can tell who they are and that's exactly
what's happening yes but Jimmy I we've
we've had this conversation before how
oftentimes we see another cop
brutalizing another human right and then
the cops sit or stand and do nothing
right this guy just flew down the stairs
jumped on kicked somebody and he can't
stop himself and they're all going along
with it they keep doing it but I'm
talking I mean he looked like an excited
kid to jump in a rain puddle and right
like that's a person-to-person Joe what
are you doing a person who by the way it
all I didn't want to vote they didn't
wanted to vote there you know but a cop
will say someone wanting to vote is just
as big of a criminal or someone who just
robbed a store so any chance for me to
put my boot on someone's head I'm doing
it that's who cops are all right I don't
know how many videotapes you have to see
any times cops show up at a protest
that's when the violence happens okay
these people are peacefully sitting
there wanting to vote so what's
happening why is this happening so they
had a horrible this look exactly what
happened here they had the housing
bubble in Spain and it bursts and
everybody they had their uh fifty
percent unemployment for a teenager yeah
yeah pretty much if you're under 25 if
you're under 25 percent chance you don't
have a job yeah they had so they call it
they're calling it the Lost Decade from
2008 to now they're calling that a Lost
Decade in Spain because they they their
GDP fell and it has to just now recently
regained their GDP is now just recently
according to the Financial Times just
recently gotten back to the same level
that was right when the crash happened
yeah go ahead well I was just gonna say
like when Spain the Year Spain won the
World Cup a few years back my sister was
actually there and she was like she's
like I've never I can't imagine this
happening in the world she said she did
not see one person celebrating so they
didn't even care that's how
disenfranchised so they they implemented
austerity in Spain when the just like
they did everywhere which is the wrong
thing to do that great economist mark
Blythe who's have been on the show he's
been on a lot of other people's shows
now he's gotten very popular he's that
he wrote that book and told us all about
how austerity is the wrong thing to do
we all know it's the wrong thing to do
and they did it anyway in Spain so now
just so it took 10 years for them just
to get back to the level they were in
2007 so that's why they call it a Lost
Decade they didn't make any advances
they were just trying to get back to
where they were ok so they call it the
last Lost Decade the unemployment rate
may have fallen so now a lot of people
are trying to tout that it's a big it's
a big success in Spain so say it's a
their economy it's a success that's what
their that's what this government wants
you to believe but the unemployment rate
may have fallen sharply but at 18.6% it
remains far above pre-crisis levels and
almost double the eurozone average so
that's another reason so they're they're
not in good financial shape even know
what that no matter what they tell you
they have almost 19% unemployment and
they have that's double the average for
the eurozone so that's one reason this
is according to the Financial Times mr.
ultra is one of the many who burns the
creation of a new class of working poor
oh where have we heard that oh I don't
know maybe in the United States
we're 62% of all people the United
States couldn't afford $1,000 emergency
working poor inequality has increased
dramatically and public finances
continue to bear the scars of the crisis
Spanish government debt is a hundred
percent of GDP up from 40 percent before
the crisis so they're still in bad shape
so austerity didn't get them out of debt
crisis Chuck turns out austerity doesn't
get you out of the Lost Decade and debt
accumulated along the way will weigh
heavily on Valencia as well which is
another area which is also wanting to
secede right in part of code okay almost
a quarter of the government's annual
four billion dollar budget is used to
service the region's vast debt pile so
again these are bankers coming in
strangling your economy and saying give
it you give me my money that's what
this is give me my money yeah but our
economy's crashing if you give me my
money yeah but we're in and what god f
you give me my money we just had a her
to give me my money that's what the
banks are doing and they don't care it
that's what this is we are paying for a
lot of broken plates as Vincent solar
the regional budget Minister since 2015
calls for complete independence grew
steadily until July 2010 when the
Constitutional Court in Madrid overruled
part of the 2006 autonomy statute
stating that there is no legal basis for
recognizing Catalonia as a nation within
Spain so there you go so but there's a
lot we're gonna get to it I'll show you
more about the regional reasons why they
want to secede
so there you go the economic crisis in
Spain has only served to magnify calls
for Catalan independence as the wealthy
Barcelona region is seen as propping up
the poorer rest of Spain so they're the
economic engine of Spain and they know
they say give way more taxes to the
central government than they get back so
we're gonna talk about that's coming up
too Catalan is not a minority language
but rather a stateless one so they have
their own language so in that error area
they have their own parcel and they have
their own language
which is different and it was a
derivative of Latin and they say it has
just as much familiarity with Italian as
it does with Spanish right yeah they
have a history of you know wanting to
succeed yeah Greece path left to 17th
century and they say you know it's not
uncommon for a lot of people in that
region to not even identify as bad yeah
there's history here too yeah so we're
gonna get we'll get to that in a second
it's so their language its 9.5 million
people speak it and but they don't have
but they don't have their own state it's
a stateless tongue they say not
surprisingly Catalans feel that the 14th
most spoken language in the European
Union should have the support of its own
state so that's when you look at it like
that Catalonia suffers a tax deficit
this is what we're talking about where
they they get said morgue money to the
central government then they get back
the Spanish state of around 8% of its
GDP which in 2010 amounted to 16 a bit a
little billion that looks like of
Catalan taxes that were paid to Madrid
and not reinvest it in Catalonia so
there that's this what we've been saying
they're paying more money than they're
getting back okay
this makes Catalonia the most highly
taxed region in Europe did you know that
the most highly taxed region in Europe
and it's schools health services roads
and infrastructure are suffering in
comparison to supposedly poorer regions
in Spain so that's another thing so
they're taking money from that Catalonia
region and spending it in others parts
of Spain and they have better stuff than
they have in Catalonia we're gonna get
to exactly what that stuff is
furthermore many decisions taken by
central government have negative effects
on the local economy here are two
example here's two of those quick
examples
Barcelona's Airport despite being
spain's busiest airport some months of
the year still has no metro connection a
very poor train service and out-of-date
roads while madrid-barajas has trained
Metro new roads and there are plans for
a high-speed a ve connection so you see
why they would be they were like hey
we're we feel like a stepchild of the
country right
AEA the central Airport Authority also
prioritizes intercontinental flights to
Madrid meaning there are no direct
flights from many destinations to
Barcelona which has a detrimental effect
on multinational business in Catalonia
the port of Barcelona is one of the
busiest in Europe and is so profitable
it's it is so profitable it subsidizes
other Spanish ports that run at a loss
so this is the real engine of the
country here and they feel like they're
not being really given their due so the
port of Barcelona would be even more
successful if it had a freight railway
line that could take goods north into
Europe because ships from Asia that
currently dock in Rotterdam could access
the Mediterranean via the Suez Canal
both Catalonia and the European Union
have been lobbying for the so-called
Mediterranean corridor which would also
benefit Valencia Cartagena Malaga and
Algeria cos Alger Algeciras alright I
think I said it right but central
government has blocked it so the central
government is blocking something that
would be a boon to that area again why
are they blocking it because the
Mediterranean corner for years because
it doesn't pass through Madrid so you
see you see they're like hey let's just
have our own car we're sick of this
so according to let's go orders that is
something to washington post's so they
break it out a little bit more they go
why do Catalonians want independence
well so here's what we're talking about
the historical so now you get the
economics right so yeah you get the
economics of why those people want to
secede from Spain right because they're
their own they speak their own language
they got their own goddamn economy and
they're not getting taken care of by the
central government like they should be
okay so and they want it so they want to
secede they want to have a little
democracy let's have a little vote
why do Catalonians want to now here's
the historical part of it Washington
Post will give you so it's been the
fight for freedom has been a three
century project one that can be tracked
back to 1714 when philip v of spain
captured
Barcelona since then Catalonia
nationalists have consistently pursued
some degree of autonomy from Spain and
today Catalonia enjoys a broader degree
of financial control over its regional
finances than most other parts of Spain
but that isn't enough for many of its
residents as The Times article explains
many Catalans have grown to adulthood
believing they were simply not Spanish
that's what ron was talking about
earlier there's another issue -
Catalonia is the richest region in Spain
and the most highly industrialised -
that we've been talking about this it
houses many of Spain's metalworking food
processing pharmaceutical chemical
industries it also boasts a booming
tourism industry thanks to popular spots
like Barcelona the region makes up about
16% of spain's population and accounts
for 20% of spain's national economy so
it's really doing well it's a great
region Catalans often complain that they
contribute more in taxes and they get
back in 2014 can only paint about eleven
point eight billion more to Spain's tax
authorities than they got back but as
the BBC explains the complexity of
budget transfers makes it hard to judge
exactly how much yeah does I know
so how has Bain responded to this call
but we showed you the video at the top
yeah that's how they responded they sent
paid thugs also known as policemen by
the way there were some policemen local
policemen protecting their their polling
places the put yeah from the thugs that
were coming so yeah so the local so
those work don't by the way those are
cops sent in so those weren't a lot of
those weren't local cops those were cops
sent in and they were housing them on
cruise ships Wow yeah that's yes that's
really sick right yeah a little bit yeah
you have so you have an invading army in
your own country that's weird
yeah Spanish Prime Minister Mariano
Rajoy has condemned the vote as illegal
quote I say this both calmly and firmly
there will be no referendum
it won't happen he said so to me this is
people overreacting Spain's government's
overreacting this is also I think a lot
of the bankers overreacting
this is their there they're afraid of
people pulling out of the European Union
yeah I think that's got a lot to do with
this we'll see well Anderson is
definitely an internal thing that has
history yeah and it's kind of gone back
and forth like in 2006 Spain granted
Catalina nation status and taxation
power but then later in 2012 they were
like oh wait no they don't
constitutional so it's like give then
you take away then the Constitution does
permit this and then it doesn't so
there's there's a lot of history here
and why am i suspect of the Prime
Minister Mariano Rajoy saying I say this
both calmly Infirmary and you know he's
a part of the problem who probably told
everybody commanded people to go beat
the of course he did he's the head
of the country so it's just from the
Washington Post what do Catalans want
there there's no there's not a lot of
good polling if the surveys that do
exist suggests the region is divided one
of the most recent opinion polls from
July suggests that Catalans are about
evenly split on the question of
independence 41% of those surveyed said
they were in favor
49% said they were opposed I saw so now
you can't really go by the voting that
happened yesterday because a lot of
people were scared into not voting and a
lot of the voting polling places were
you know terrorized by the cops but so
this isn't I don't know how reliable the
number is but I heard 80% of the people
voted to the a to the Fed are the people
who showed up to vote voted to secede or
for independence mm-hmm so again so
that's what's that so there you go
that's what's happening that's why the
cops are breeding the crap out of
everyone and again if you knew if you
wanted to get more sympathy for the
people who want to independence that's
the way to do it go beat the crap out of
them on camera throw women downstairs
pull them by their hair be brutal in
every way possible show complete
disregard for your other human beings
because why because they're gonna pay
you $25 an hour to do it however they
get paid to do keep imagine that you're
getting what a cops get paid $30 $40 an
hour and what do they do they to go
brutalize some bears 40 bucks go beat
the out of people for an hour
think about that here's 40 bucks go beat
the out of people for an hour what
a normal person wouldn't take that job
okay so just keep that in your mind what
a kind of people take those jobs okay so
that's again we I get off babe track but
that's that that video is pretty
stunning disturbing put it that way
oh yeah so now we know what's happening
I don't know how it's gonna turn out I'm
all forum seceding how about for
independence well you know I think
should be when we're sitting here and
we're thinking about how disturbing that
video is it's because we know there's no
recourse no there's none that's power
just exerting its power and that's what
cops do again it doesn't matter what
where they are cops pretty much are the
same right and then thank God they don't
have guns right because if they have
guns they would have all been feared for
their life they don't just started
shooting people in America they just
start shooting you know sad feared for
my life yeah okay so I hope I broke it
down for you what's going on over there
people want their independence and they
want to do it in a democratic way and to
me that sounds like a good idea of
course Spain's not gonna let that happen
they're gonna crush it with force so I
don't hear anybody on the news yelling
