hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a very special guest it's
everybody's progressive champion its age
he was the mayor of Cleveland he's been
a member of Congress you ran for
president in 2004 2008 and now he's
running for governor of Ohio please
welcome the almighty Dennis Kucinich
hello mr. Kucinich thanks for being our
guests just a humble servant of the
people there's nothing almighty about me
[Laughter]
well listen we've noticed first of all
everybody who watches this show I'm sure
is aware of the good work that you've
done that in fact Washington Post just
did a story a week or two ago about how
the Democratic Party has finally caught
up to your positions
which is nice to see right so you're a
leader you're always out in front on the
issues and then the rest of the party
has to catch up to you and now they're
catching up to you so tell me tell
everybody why you're running for
governor well I'm running for governor
to be able to bring health care for all
to Ohio I'll soon be releasing details
of a Ohio care plan that would eliminate
premiums co-pays deductibles and bring
healthcare within a reach of every
Ohioan right now there are so many
families who are suffering from the very
high cost of health care and when
there's a major illness and a family the
white people out financially so we want
to take that burden away from people and
create a plan in Ohio where Ohio would
lead the way for the rest of the country
Wow
so that's what it must be because the
smears have already started on you and I
caught this last week at the Huffington
Post and I'm gonna put it up so
everybody could see I don't know if you
can see it but it was the Huffington
Post and the headline was the fall of
Kucinich new ties to butcher Bashar that
was made me laugh when I saw it not only
because I was recently a victim of a
smear by CNN for being anti-war but
everyone knows that of all the people in
politics you're probably the most
strident for peace and anti-war right so
that's why that's kind of funny
and you know glad me let me just tell
you something in the Democratic Party
there's a pro war faction they were for
going to war against Iraq even though
the facts indicated otherwise they were
for going to war against FL against
Libya they were for staying in
Afghanistan at war they were for sending
troops to Syria but America has over a
hundred bases in about 130 countries you
couldn't have that without the
complicity of both political parties and
so the Democrats who are the ones who
are attacking me on this are you know
they're they're bought off by by certain
interests that just want to keep war
going and that's too bad but you know
what it doesn't faze me I seen this kind
of stuff before and anytime you stand up
for peace no good deed goes unpunished
and so you have to be ready to take some
knocks but you know what what I found is
that war is not necessarily war is a
racket and we need to challenge the
thinking that takes us to war because
that's a thinking that can destroy our
country and I look at the world as an
undivided whole I see I see us as all
people as being interconnected and
interdependent and I think human unity
is the basic truth that we have of our
existence and so I act upon that I look
to talk to people to try to find ways of
reconciling differences to try to end
conflict instead of accelerating it and
so you know I've done that all over the
world and of course you know there
people don't like it we've know very
well that lesson we've learned that
lesson here that when you do stick your
neck out for peace you're gonna get a
big backlash and you're gonna get a lot
of smears and what we've also
experienced and it was revealed in the
2016 election is that once a corporate
Democrat or someone in the corporate
press wants to debate you they don't
debate progressives they first smear you
and then maybe they'll talk about your
ideas so that that's good again I
appreciate I appreciate your recognition
that because you know no one likes me
scared but I can assure you that none of
that has any impact in slowing down my
efforts to try to end conflict abroad or
to try to end the wars here at home
which are brought about by these assault
weapons which are so freely available in
our country five states have now banned
them I want know how to be the sixth and
there's button that I'm wearing to me
this is my RA rating it's an F rating
okay that's what I thought I said okay
yeah through 16 years in Congress I've
earned an F from the NRA I'm proud of
that and of course my principal opponent
in this race has an a from the NRA which
is a pretty fancy footwork for a
Democrat no kidding Cordray has a a
rating from the NRA well he's earned it
actually you know he led the effort and
knocking out Cleveland's of salt weapons
ban in 2010 I as Attorney General and
then he went to the US Supreme Court to
knock out the city of Chicago's got law
which affected every city every city in
the country and he's held rallies on the
Statehouse lawn with people are carrying
assault weapons and he's talked about
these weapons and Rommel in almost
religious terms as being a natural right
a god-given right part of the
anglo-american tradition I mean come on
you know if it's hard to take that
seriously except that he is being
supported by the Democratic
establishment in this state which don't
really don't care about the issues they
don't care about people he just care
about holding control so let me ask you
about that so you're running as a
Democrat Tim Canova recently realized
that that was a dead end for him in
Florida and he's running as an
independent because lots of Millennials
and progressives left the party because
the DNC cheated them out of Bernie
Sanders and it was manifest that's not
up for debate donna Brazile wrote a book
about it so why do you still think that
you're it's necessary for you to run
inside the Democratic Party when the
people inside the demmick
party are not only working against you
but working against their base which are
progressives that's true you're
absolutely right and the question you
ask the valley well I happen to think
that I can win this and I happen to
think in doing so I can transform the
Democratic Party and transform the
politics of the state of Ohio the
Democratic Party no longer you know the
party establishment doesn't represent
the people they decide with the
insurance companies on health care they
side with the gas and oil interests on
fracking they side with the NRA and
assault weapons they side with banks and
utilities and all those interests which
are adverse to the economic interests of
the people of Ohio so my election in a
Democratic primary would be the first
one of the first steps that's happened
nationally to push things in the other
direction and it's possible I mean last
fall it was taken showed that I'm in a
dead heat so I think it's you know we
really have a good chance to win Wow
well that's very encouraging that really
is very encouraging so I've been just a
you know very down on the Democratic
Party not progressives I'm for
progressives no matter where they are
even if they're Republican if you're a
progressive I'll be for you right now we
keep seeing Democrats joining the
Republicans to do horrible things like
they just gutted the dodd-frank which
was the regulations put in after the
economic crash that was brought on by
the deregulation from Bill Clinton so
how do we so you think that you being
winning this primary you think that
would send a shockwave through the
Democratic Party or do you think that
they would just double down on their
efforts to kind of discredit you well
let me just say that if people in Ohio
decide to choose me as the nominee that
will have a profound impact on the
political structure of the state with
respect to the Democratic Party at this
point the state Democratic Party
establishment is essentially a dead
brokerage they've assumed the control
and the brand of the day
credit of Democrats but they don't have
influence except you know the brand does
have some sway so you know I'm not I'm
not unaware of what it's like to have
whatever apparatus is out there the you
know focus on my campaign trying to
destroy it but I'm also confident that
in this election the people of Ohio may
very well you know will respond to our
message which is jobs rah health care
for all education for all clean air
clean water and get rid of assault
weapons and that's just for openers
now I'm gonna guess that most of those
positions that you advocated are popular
with the majority of Ohioans correct
I've been getting a pretty good response
you know it there's a misperception
about southern Ohio which says that well
these people that really love their guns
and and particularly assault weapons and
wherever I speak one of the state or the
other there seems to be a very strong
support for banning assault weapons and
that's a big deal and so the idea of the
stereotyping of certain regions in Ohio
is really false I again because I look
at the world as an integrated oh that's
how I view the state of Ohio and I see
the common concerns that people have you
know one of which certainly is is health
care for all there's a cost of health
care is going through the roof from the
insurance companies and famously make
money not providing health care by doing
everything they can to make insurance
not available in certain areas to nine
people reimbursement for emergency room
visits increasing premiums co-pays and
deductibles the system is broken and I
think that based on my experience in
drafting HR 676 in Congress the
universal single-payer not-for-profit
health care bill HR 676 I can bring that
same letter and spirit to Ohio and give
Ohioans a chat a Chancellor of real
health care now I tell the story on this
show about the Affordable Care Act that
Barack Obama passed there the Obamacare
when he
was when they were passing that you were
holding out for a public option I was
and they could have passed that public
option they said well we can't get it
past sixty votes but then they ended up
passing Obamacare on fifty votes so they
could have inserted the public option
into that bill Barack Obama chose not to
now can you tell us why you think that
happened and why did he come to your
district to campaign against you instead
of going to Ben Nelson State and
campaigning against him
well let me say that I had five meetings
with the President on the health care
bill three of them were in you know we
were attended by maybe two dozen members
of Congress and one of them there were
three members of Congress and another
one I was on the Air Force one with with
President Obama to discuss my position
which was to basically hold on for
public option in the discussion that I
had with and it was very clear to me
that he wouldn't be moved there was
nothing he would do to secure my vote by
extending on putting the public option
in the bill he just wouldn't do it so I
had to make a decision did I want to see
the entire bill go down when I had some
of my constituents who are concerned
about pre-existing conditions and bring
their their kids on or you know Laurie
you know was I going to be a purist and
just say it's not the way I want it and
so I'm going to just kill the bill
because I was really in a pivotal
position here I was the last person of a
75 member congressional group who said
that they would not vote for the bill
and listen at a public option so in the
end the president didn't want to didn't
want to do that and I had to make a
decision based on what I thought was
best for the country at that time
even though I'm for single-payer even
though I I didn't like the bill it
wasn't what I wanted and even though
didn't have a public option you know I
did it as a measure of
um responding to the constituents who
were asking me to vote for it but let me
tell you it still left the insurance
companies in charge health care and and
it was an intermediate step if we can
prove about this Jimmy if we prove that
we could do that kind of reform we could
take it that far
then we should be able to go the next
mile so a single-payer plan we showed
reform was possible and one of the
concerns I had is if is it my vote help
to send this down then we wouldn't be
able to show that any kind of reform is
possible so you know it's one of those
moments where you have to have you know
look the reality of things and say well
can I get her can I get what I want no
but in my constituents get some benefit
yes so I voted for the interests of my
constituents even though not exactly
what I wanted and so and what is your
feeling about why the Barack Obama
didn't why could you not move him why
was he against giving people something
he promised them that he would he
promised he wouldn't sign a bill without
a public option and then he could have
had easily gotten it and he did it so
that's my question
well the time that I spent with and you
know we talked about a lot of things the
health care was one it was at you know
the thing that was most significant on
the table but what I saw is that on this
particular issue
he just wasn't flexible at all he wasn't
in any mood to negotiate he basically
said this is the way I'm gonna do it and
I'm not gonna make any changes and and
as a matter of fact I mean that could
have jeopardized the whole bill and they
could have actually jeopardized his
presidency and you know that was a
concern I had as well so you know I okay
I I don't know I don't know why I mean I
don't know why but I have to tell you
that I I saw what I thought was a
certain amount of inflexibility that
could have endangered his whole health
care proposal please make sure you
subscribed it only takes a second make
sure you're subscribed and click that
bell so they give you a notice whenever
we drop a video and if you can become a
page when we give you hours of bonus
material every week our next live shows
June 30th in Portland Oregon and we do a
super
chat every Saturday that's our
livestream you can ask us questions that
we answer back that Saturdays at 2:00
p.m. Pacific
plus we run steam it we're steaming it
right now
[Music]
