hi everybody welcome to part three of
our interview with progressive champion
Tulsi Gabbard so again you're a veteran
and it's just amazing that your voice in
the culture right now isn't elevated
more than it is in fact it's denigrated
by corporate tools like a guy like
Howard Dean no Howard Dean again became
famous because he he went against the
corporate wing of the Democratic Party
and then he got his mind right because
they smeared and slandered him as a
maniac and so now he works for one of
the biggest lobbying firms in the world
and he has an office down there down the
hall from Newt Gingrich that's who he
that's so he's rubbing shoulders with
making money and that's why Howard Dean
a doctor is against single-payer because
he's corrupt
so speaking of and so that's why we have
these wars all right you know and if you
say anything about the wars you are in
trouble you'll get smeared by not only
by them I guess smeared by the media CNN
calls me yeah calls us names and smears
and you get same thing you get the same
thing so I just want to show you and
this all comes down to money in politics
now this is how it works Dianne
Feinstein takes money from health care
lobby reject single parents urine so
that's how it works and that's called
corruption that's called bribery that's
called not having integrity and you
decided to come and get out in front of
this and you tweeted out when I was
first elected to Congress I promised
that money wouldn't influence my
decisions I rejected money from Wall
Street Big Pharma and others Citizens
United worse than the crisis of dark
money influencing our country we need to
get corporate money and lobbyists out of
politics I've decided to stop accepting
PAC lobbyist money bottom line we can't
allow our future to be driven and shaped
by special interests now that's an
exciting position to take and it really
excites voters who it doesn't excite is
the neoliberal corporatists here's Neera
tanden
again a head of the Center for American
Progress said well I do think Assad
using chemical weapons to murder
children is worse than lobbyists so
maybe that difference me from you Tulsi
so again more smears from someone who's
like you know a very influential player
in the Democratic Party again coming at
a veteran and she's not a veteran she
never served she never served anybody
except money that's who took Nair
attendant serves his money you actually
served the nation and then she's got
zero integrity so she smears you because
you haven't
and that's all that's the only game they
have that's the only game she can play
because she can't come out and say
taking corporate money's good so she's
got to make it look like somehow you're
some murderers murderous person or some
kind of even though you're a veteran and
to me in there attendant should not be
allowed in polite society after doing
something like that but she will be
because our society is completely
corrupted with corporate money so talk
about that now inside the Democratic
Party the Democrats still take corporate
money you don't how long can you stay in
a party that doesn't work for the people
we're working to try to change it
working try to make those reforms within
the party there are I think something
like a hundred and twenty five
candidates running for Congress on the
Democratic ticket this year who have
refused to accept any corporate PAC
money at all I've talked with some of
the folks who know how those races are
going and they're expecting a large
number of those candidates to do very
well if not win and so they're proving
the point that that Washington hates to
talk about and that these lobbyists
don't believe which is that people can
actually get elected to Congress without
taking those corporate PAC checks from
those lobbyists and the power of the
people is stronger than the power that
this small group of people in Washington
think that they have and that's what's
exciting to me quite frankly and we've
seen some of these candidates already
win in some races and others are
competing in a lot of challenges across
the country so I've heard a lot of
people say this right there's a big
there's a justice Democrats there's our
revolution there's brand-new Congress
but still here we are sitting September
11th 2018
two years after Bernie's primary and
we've only primary dwunt or pert
Democrat one Joe Crowley one that's it
so I don't I my position is there isn't
a progressive wave that's gonna there's
might be a blue wave but it's not gonna
be a progressive wave and so we're stuck
we're left with the same leadership
we've always had and nothing's gonna do
you so what difference does it make if
the Democrats take over Congress what's
the real
great difference I think that's that's
the point here is it does create an
opportunity to be able to set a more
progressive agenda but the key question
is what does that even mean mm-hmm as we
have people as we mentioned who call
themselves progressive but who are some
of the first to advocate for more
interventionist Wars so we have to dig a
few layers deeper as people are running
for office say what do you actually
stand for what is your vision for this
country and that's the debate that we
will have to have in Congress should
Democrats win over the house or win more
seats in the Senate otherwise it will be
more of the same status quo where you'll
have lobbyists who have more of a seat
at the table writing policies that
affect health care and education and
Wall Street and everything else rather
than having a truly representative
government of By and For the People
well here I just want to show you this
so this again domain this is the
establishment this is what they do to
progressives they did that the
establishment did in Everett and in
Howard Dean they did it to you this is
what the establishment newspapers do to
Bernie Sanders and so Bernie Sanders
responds like you did they say let's
take back the Democratic Party and there
there's the headline Sanders backers
take over the California Democratic
Party I was part of that I got out of a
sickbed to go vote for my delegate and
we voted for progressives and we were
overwhelmed the Democratic Party in
California we had way more progressive
delegates Bernie delegates Bernie crack
delegates then corporate delegates and
then when we got to the state convention
we found out that that was rigged -
mm-hmm
the Democratic Party rigs a state
convention and what happened we ended up
getting a corporate lobbyist as the
chair they have super-delegates on the
state level
so weren't those created at the last
second those weren't even counted before
there was just I heard there was just a
whole new group of delegates that really
kind of came out of nowhere
yes dis Jeanette lots of shenanigans
yeah again right and so the corporatists
aren't letting go of the party they've
got control of both parties it would be
a lot harder for them to get control of
three but so that's why I always urge
people to start another party because
this reform is not happening inside the
Democratic Party and so someone like you
who has integrity someone like you
doesn't take corporate money yet you see
the DNC reverse their own rules to start
taking corporate money now they're
taking fossil fuel money again we're in
the middle of climate change that's
gonna wipe out this planet and within a
couple decades and the Democrats start
taking fossil fuel money so like to me
it's an emergency and to reform the
Democratic Party that's called
incrementalism we don't have time for
incremental ism Bernie Sanders started
every speech in 2016 by saying sounds
like you're ready for a revolution and
then he turns around and starts sheep
dogging people into the Democratic Party
which does stuff like this so when he
said are you ready for a revolution
doesn't sound that it was intellectually
honest it sounded like that was just a
line now to get a rise out of people at
a rally because now he's sheep dogging
people into a party that's cheating
progressives at every turn they're
cheating they just smeared and slimed
Cynthia Nixon we can go over and how
many times the person Jaffee who ran
against Pelosi they screwed him over
they're screwing people over in text
everywhere the party is not letting this
happen so why is it now you're a
Democrat I know you're gonna stay a
Democrat why because at this point in
time where I look at where I can make
the most impact that's where I'm gonna
direct my energy I think as you look at
this political revolution I think there
are a lot of ways to tackle that I think
that there at wit look it's never enough
it's never as far as fast as we want to
go
but I think if you look at the recent
vote that the DNC membership took to get
rid of super-delegates at least on the
first ballot that was some progress and
that was very hard-fought and that would
not have happened if a lot of folks had
not run for those local county and state
party positions after 2016 if they had
not run for and won those seats that
that would never have happened because
it was some of the strongest it was some
of the strongest most longtime
Washington Democrat operatives who were
fighting very very hard against that
change that was made but that change
happened and the vote was was very very
strong and so I think there there is
it's frustrating and so you you you
earlier let this year or maybe it was
last year you put out a video where you
were calling on the Democratic National
Committee to reform itself to reform
itself by getting rid of super-delegates
by allowing for open primaries so that
we stopped a lot of the shenanigans that
we saw in 2016 were people who turned
out in droves to vote were not allowed
to vote and to allow for same-day
registration for primaries and caucuses
because if people make the effort to
come out and vote I believe they should
be allowed to vote simple as that
so with the DNC reform it it it felt
like one step for step forward two steps
back because right before they did that
reform they decided to start taking
fossil fuel money that's a step back
they also gave the ability now there's a
new rule at the DNC that the Tom Perez
gets to decide whether you're a Democrat
and good enough standing whether you've
been sufficiently loyal to the party in
your words and writings that sounds like
crazy like Gestapo crazy stuff right
like I will decide if you are loyal to
the party
that's what they did and that's aimed
directly at progressives so that's
another step backwards and they got rid
of caucuses which are also favor
progressives that's another step
backwards but they took super-delegates
out of the first round meaning they're
gonna put Elizabeth Warren in the
election so we go to a second round so
we go to a second ballot
so Elizabeth Warren's gonna run against
Bernie they're gonna split the
progressive vote they go to a second
round the donor that that's when the
donors get to decide meaning the
super-delegates will do their bidding
and then
choose the corporatist so we're gonna
get Kamala Harris or Cory Booker or Joe
Biden or somebody like that and we're
gonna then we're gonna get another worse
Trump so let me just switch let me
actually just switch
do you see Trump as Trump is a problem
this is what we say here he's a problem
but he's a symptom of a larger problem
which is the destruction of democracy in
the United States that when both parties
turn their back on workers they're gonna
go to a right-wing demagogue do you see
it anything like that how do you see
Trump I would agree with that assessment
if we look at the lead-up to the 2016
elections and if we actually listen to
an examine why people chose to vote the
way that they did it points to much
bigger problems and a much bigger
[Music]
disaffection that voters that has been
building for quite some time that voters
have against the the establishment of
Washington the political establishment
of Washington that exists within both
parties and you know I think you saw a
lot of the excitement that come around
that that came around for Bernie Sanders
because of that as well because he was
this guy who you know he spoke out for
the principles he's been speaking about
for decades but he was a guy who came
from outside of that political
establishment so you look at the
Republican lineup from all of those
people who were running Trump was the
only guy who came at this from outside
that political establishment I think
it's it's really unfortunate for the
country and for the American people that
there has not been a true effort to
really to really listen to those who
voted the way that they did about why
they did that what what it what have
they what what has caused them to lose
confidence and make it so that they
believe that this system is not working
for them because it's not and then how
do we fix it yeah yeah it's not work so
you know a Trump has taken that like the
pain inflicted on people from the
economic meltdown and then the
government bailed out Wall Street and
not the people and so those people are
still hurting
then he takes that hurt and he redirects
it at the people who are also victims of
capitalism you know poor people
immigrants people like that so and the
Democrats you know they what I see
happening is is that the Democrats want
everyone to think I mean the Democratic
establishment want everyone to think
that Trump is the problem and as soon as
we get rid of Trump everything will be
okay
you know except the problem was when we
had red Barack Obama they lost the union
in Wisconsin they they had Occupy Wall
Street got their head tracked and from
coast to coast we bailed out the banks
we didn't bang out bailout the
homeowners he took the banks and made
them bigger he took two wars and made so
that so this idea that getting rid of
Trump is gonna make everything better
the problem was things are horrible
right now in America eighty percent of
all people who earn a paycheck live
paycheck to paycheck in the richest
country in the world and the Democratic
Party the establishment does not have a
counter-narrative to Trump in fact
they're going along they just
fast-tracked as judges they helped him
deregulate Wall Street again and they
just bloated his military budget they
don't have a counter-narrative they're
just pretending the problem is Trump so
what do we do now when we have neither
party providing us with a solution the
solution has to come from from the
people the people know that the parties
are not providing them with answers and
by getting more people actually engaged
within this process to be able to
support those who do present that
counter-narrative who are speaking the
truth who are honest about the current
situation and where we need to go is how
we're going to have to make change
because that that's where the power
truly lies if we choose we the people
choose to use it Washington is very
scared people get very scared when they
hear about how Bernie Sanders was able
to raise money from individuals all
across this country and turned his back
completely on those corporate PAC donors
they get very worried when you hear
about people like Beto Rourke in Texas
who is competing against Ted Cruz
raising money from those small dollar
individual donors because that threatens
the power base that exists within
Washington and so that's where we need I
think that's
we need to to focus on on reminding
people about the power that they have
and that we the people need to take back
our own country okay we should move on
to some of the legislation you're
introducing I'd like to talk about that
but one last question on this when
Bernie Sanders conceded in the primary
and endorsed Hillary Clinton she didn't
then reach out to progressives she did
the exact opposite she put a thumb in
the eye of the progressives and picked
someone to the right of her as vice
president Tim Kaine and then they went
on to lose to Donald Trump probably the
only two people in the whole wide world
who could lose to Donald Trump Hillary
Clinton and Tim Kaine Gallagher could
have beat Donald Trump but so my point
my point is that they don't they take
our vote for granted and they will
continue to take our vote for granted
until they are threatened and you cannot
threaten them from inside the goddamn
party if Bernie Sanders and you decided
to start a third party in 2016 after the
election it would be the most popular
party in the country right now and we
would be having a totally different
discussion and would be about how
progressive you guys are gonna be and
how progressive our government is going
to be and so and because what happened
in the last election is that they
sufficiently shamed people so that Jill
Stein and third parties they got like 1%
of the voter if that but if a third
party's polling at 10% which you and
Bernie would be immediately now they
can't turn their back on progressives
they know they won't win on a national
level unless they have a coalition
government and if you don't have a third
party we're never gonna have that I
promise this in my last question on that
but so there's no doubt the way to
influence politics is from a start a
third party with two of the most popular
people in the country being Bernie in
you yet Bernie who has advocated for a
third party his entire career I have
video after video that I played on this
show of him saying we have to have a
rainbow coalition and it has to happen
outside the Democratic Party until he
gets into a position where he can
actually manifest that he decides not to
and no one can figure out why he's doing
that so what do you say to that
my my theory that a few and Burney
started a third party that would
immediately transform politics in
America I don't know that that would
necessarily be true that it would have
that immediate transformative effect
that needs to happen there's no question
about that the question of exactly how
in the most effective and most efficient
way to get there I question the
certainty of that thanks for watching
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are you're probably not
it only takes a second to check and then
you have to ring that Bell so they send
you notification when we drop a new
video otherwise they won't tell you when
we drop new videos and if you like our
show please help support it become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we give a live
stream we do a live stream every
Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time when
you could ask us questions and we answer
them back thanks for your support
[Music]
