hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
i'm here with the visible liberal and
ron plaque own june 20th to 24th rods
touring the southeast where you going
yeah we're going to nashville huntsville
Asheville North Carolina Louisville
Kentucky in Atlanta Georgia romp lacont
calm for tickets that's June 20th
through 24th right yeah alright check it
out with Grandma wood hey we've been
talking a lot about Bernie Sanders
you know we had Nellie McKay on who was
fantastic as always it's anyway but she
we were talking about Bernie Sanders
foreign policy and how it could be
better he's the only one who talked
about Palestinians in the right way so
gave him props for that he did vote
against the sanctions so but a lot of
people have not been thrilled a lot of
progressives are the up and thrilled at
Bernie's foreign policy and I'm like hey
nobody's perfect right so well it's also
not like our foreign policy is all that
terrific anyways well that's the that's
like there's no improvement on either
side right when you say our what do you
mean the United States right so so
here's Bernie Sanders this was I think
from two days ago and Rand Paul is gonna
toss it over the Bernie he's hosting or
he's chairing this hearing and here's
Bernie's latest on foreign policy so if
you're a disc or dot disgruntled but if
you're a disappointed or unenthused
progressive who's not enthused about
Bernie's foreign policy I think he's got
something for you right here here we go
our panelists for without exception
they're very cogent testimony there's
come out as Kamala Harris right okay
here we go
article 1 section 8 of the Constitution
states very clearly and I quote Congress
shall have the power to declare war end
quote
founding fathers gave the power to
authorize military conflicts to Congress
for one very simple reason
Congress is the branch of the government
that is most accountable to the people
there is no question but that over the
years Congress has allowed its authority
over this very important issue of
war-making to ebb it is time for us to
reassert that authority and to start
asking some very tough questions about
the Wars and I use the word Wars w AR s
that we are currently in now some people
may think that this is an interesting
abstract discussion we have brilliant
constitutional scholars wonderful
intellectual debate but let me assure
every person here that the abdication of
Congress to its responsibilities over
war has had incredibly dire and horrific
consequences for the people of our
country and in fact the world so I want
to bring this down to earth and away
from an abstract
although enormous ly important
constitutional discussion oh I just want
to break in for a second and say that
it's the most popular senator in the
United States Congress just said that
are the wars were in have had
unbelievably dire consequent quent
consequences I can't say it but he said
it so I don't hear anybody else saying
that do you hear Chuck Schumer saying
that our wars have had dire consequences
no they they say everything's fine and
we need to beat Isis and here's 80
billion domore dollars for the defense
right pretty much so it's good a so
right there gold star off the bat I'm
gonna give you three examples in recent
American history where Congress did not
ask the right questions abdicated its
responsibility and the consequences were
enormous
very few Americans know that when we
deal with Iran very much in the news
right now how many people know that in
1953 the United States along with the
British overthrew the democratically
elected
a Mohammad Mossadegh reinstalling
authoritarian rule under the Shah in
1979 the Shah was overthrown in the
Iranian Revolution bringing to power and
extremist anti-american government now
I've been willing to bet everything that
I own that when you hear discussions on
CNN and MSNBC about Iran currently they
don't ever mention that they don't ever
mention how we got here
they act like history started five
minutes ago and he's have you ever heard
another senator even mentioned the fact
that it was us the United States and our
CIA who overthrew the democratically
elected government of Iran who wanted to
spread democracy about no the only guy I
remember I mean maybe other people have
said it I haven't heard it so here's
Bernie laying it down hey you know you
got a problem with Iran guess what
that's from us meddling that's from the
Congress abdicating its Khan its
constitutional responsibilities yeah the
only other place I've heard people say
stuff like that is in documentaries and
none of them are politicians that's for
damn sure
that's right here we go though to big
gold stars in 1953 the United States
government without congressional
approval thought that it could simply
remove the government of Iran in order
to protect wealthy oil interests and
what has been the consequences of that
over the years Congress abdicated its
responsibility and the second one more
relevant to my generation was the war in
Vietnam in 1964 now Iran took place on
the Eisenhower Republican in 1964 Lyndon
Johnson Democrat otherwise in my view a
very great president he's got to say
that otherwise great B's we're great it
was really great president except oh he
killed three million Indochina not I
guess we could blame some of that on
Kissinger and Nixon so maybe it's not
all him
but in this instance cited and attack on
a u.s. ship in the gulf of tonkin as a
pretext for escalating the US
intervention in Vietnam but we now know
from his own recordings that Johnson
himself doubted that story about that
attack Johnson's administration misled
both Congress and the American people
into a war
how about lied they they'll never say it
they'll never say he misled never say it
but look he's on it it resulted in the
loss of over 50,000 American soldiers
and over a million Vietnamese Congress
was lied to there was no serious debate
about American intervention in that war
third example more recently that we all
remember was Iraq today it is now
broadly acknowledged the Iraq war was a
foreign policy blunder of enormous
magnitude in this case the Bush
administration lied to the American
people claiming that Saddam Hussein had
weapons of mass destruction destruction
the result of that war the loss of
thousands of brave American soldiers the
displacement of millions of people in
the Middle East and bringing us to where
we are right now the blunder well I
called that one a lie though oh he said
the george w bush lie so there you go so
he took the gloves off a little there
mm-hmm so that's nice to see he's gay so
that's what people loved about Trump or
a lot of people loved about Trump was
that he told the truth about Iraq right
to jeb Bush's face in an in in a
Republican debate and Jimmy I am already
the least popular person in this room I
got a sugar-coated a little bit so look
so that's three gold stars right away
says they lied about the Iraq war says
the Gulf of Tonkin was a false flag or
hoax
either way and that we we
created the situation in Iran today by
overthrowing democratically elected
governments without the consent of our
people meeting Congress in other words
what we have seen is time and time again
disasters occur when administration's
Democrat and Republican mislead Congress
and the American people and when
Congress fails to do is constitutional
job in terms of asking the hard
questions of whether or not we should be
in a war and I think we need to ask that
very hard question today and here is the
point that I hope the American people
are asking themselves is the war on
terror a perpetual never-ending war
necessary to keep us safe I personally
believe that we have become far too
comfortable with the United States
engaging in military interventions all
over the world after 9/11 Congress
passed an authorization for the use of
military force quote against those
responsible for the recent attacks
launched against the United States end
quote
the following year Congress passed the
2002 AUMF against Iraq we have now been
in Afghanistan for 17 years we have been
in Iraq for 15 years we are occupying a
portion of Syria and this administration
has indicated that it may broaden that
mission even more we are waging a
secretive drone war in at least five
countries our forces right now as we
speak are supporting a saudi-led war in
Yemen which has killed thousands of
civilians and has created the worst unit
humanitarian crisis on the planet today
it's not Syria the Assad the butcher
isn't the worst of it no turns out what
we're doing is the worst humanitarian
crisis in the world today
committing siege
or fare in Yemen which is a war crime
and we're doing it with Saudi Arabia so
he's checking all the boxes tagging all
the bases he's got it clearly these
outdated and expansive AUMF s have been
used by three different administrations
so if you don't know what the AUMF is
that's the authorization for use of
military force
so that's Congress gave that to George
Bush after 9/11 to go kill our enemies
who did this stuff on 9/11 well they've
used that AUMF authorization for use of
military force to go after any tear
anybody they say as a terrorist so that
was supposed to be used for the
terrorists who attacked us on 9/11 we've
been using that to go into Somalia we've
been using that to go into Yemen Syria
Libya anything any Iraq anywhere we want
so that's what he's talking when he says
the AUMF he's talking about the
authorization Congress gave the
president to wage war against the people
who attacked us on 9/11 and he's
pointing out he's going about to point
out a lot some of these groups that were
using that authorization on to have a
war against weren't even invented until
after 9/11 so here he'll talk about it
public in a democrat as a blank check
for the president to wage war without
congressional consent or oversight
meanwhile we are currently quote-unquote
fighting terrorism in some 76 countries
with an estimated cost of five point six
trillion dollars and untold lives loss
since 2001 he said did he say 76
countries mm-hmm we're fighting
terrorism in 76 countries may be wetter
may be ring that in a little bit maybe
rain that into just maybe I don't know
seven countries 76 countries how could
we afford that no one said how can we
afford that no one ever asked ever
I think it is very clear in our
panelists I think made the point
extraordinarily well without exception
that the time is long overdue mr.
chairman for the United States car for
the United States Congress to respect
the Constitution of this country and to
stand up for that Constitution and to
demand that it is the Congress of the
United States not a president who
determines whether there are young men
and women are put in harm's way thank
you again mr. chairman what else does he
have to say let me ask you this question
and you may well have gone over it when
I wasn't in the room when we talked
about giving the president today
virtually a complete Authority if we
read in the paper the president decided
to bomb someplace tomorrow nobody would
blink an eye right that's what we were
seeing for decades you talk about the
presidential presidential impact of
allowing presidents to do this what does
that mean above and beyond was above and
beyond abrogating the Constitution of
the United States what does it mean to
our quality of life in this country Oh
before we get to that let me just stop
and say his foreign policy I think he's
doing what everybody would want every
progressive would want someone to do to
say hey all these wars are illegal and
they're and they have dire
consequences and we need to end them now
unless we're willing to authorize them
as a people which were not and he knows
we're not so I don't know if you
remember when Barack Obama wanted to go
bomb Syria the first time after the
first pretend gas attack or Barak Obama
said I'm going to ask the I'll ask the
people I'll ask Congress cuz he thought
he would get it they didn't give it to
him guess what we rendered a bombing
Syria anyway so that's what he's talking
about and so I think he just said we he
just laid it out we're committing the
greatest humanitarian disaster in the
world right now we're doing that with
Saudi Arabia and none of this has been
authorized and
so what I hear Bernie Sanders saying is
we need to end all this mm-hmm because
it's not authorized what what what and
what is my panel say you know we talked
about this before the last time war was
declared was World War two that was the
last time it was declared because the
Korean War was a policing action right
mm-hmm
the article says Korea Vietnam Persian
Gulf Afghanistan Iraq technically those
were not Wars they're not there are
extended military engagements ah and
then that's like when uh that's like
when Prince used to go do an extended
engagement right at the Staples Center
so we're doing an extended engagement
with our military it's the Marines tour
so yeah none of those rewards right and
then this article from time it's like I
think it's 2014 it goes on to say that
President Obama too has been selective
about the way he uses the word war in
the build-up to today's situation with
the Islamic state in Iraq and Syria
hey we war crimes with people for custom
folks folks that war crime you know what
that happened in the past didn't happen
in the future so it's okay anything Ron
doing I'm just saying that a lot of lot
of progressives have been down on
Bernie's foreign policy and I think this
is uh this is a good a good start well
Jimmy is there anybody is there any
politician saying we need peace
is there anybody except this no I think
maybe tulsi saying that I think Rand
Paul is saying that we need to I think
he's an agreement with Bernie as far as
Congress has authorized I don't know how
much of a peacenik he is but I think he
is a libertarian anti interventionist
well I think there's some people that
have spoken out against the AUMF solely
for the reason that Trump is president
yeah they haven't spoken out because hey
this is wrong and our economy of war
needs to end it's just because Oh
Trump's so bad we didn't have a problem
with it until now
so yeah I think Bernie is finally just
taking it a step further and using the
opportunity to say hey time to end this
endless war it's ridiculous and
public doesn't want it I mean is it
weird at all that that we have a lot of
homeless right now in the United States
more than I've ever seen driving in
California throughout California's and
when I talked to my friends how many of
your friends really know how many
countries that we're doing these
military engagements in I don't even
have time zero zero of my friends zero
even I would bet that even encyclopedic
knowledge Michael sure wouldn't know
that we're in 76 countries right now
fighting terrorism in 76 different
countries I didn't know that until I
heard Bernie say it
did you know it no I didn't know I
didn't know is that now so I don't think
anybody knows that I don't think anybody
well nobody knows how many military
bases we even have around the world
because a lot of them are secret
they say 800 some people say a thousand
so it's probably over a thousand
military bases we have in the world
military bases when was the last time
you saw mainstream media cover a peace
protest yeah I'm never it took him a
week to cover Occupy Wall Street it was
happening right outside their freaking
windows didn't cover it for a whole week
so I just wanna we'll send it there
Bernie that is gonna go on this is a
great topic about what is the effects at
home of giving the the president thieve
the blank check to kill and willy-nilly
overseas well how does that affect us
back home the answer to that just may
surprise you or will it that's another
video our next live Jimmy Dore show is
July 1st in Portland Oregon in July 15th
in Chicago Illinois we're doing a live
show July 15th in Chicago Illinois go to
a link right there for all the tickets
to all the live Jimmy door shows plus if
you can help become a Premium Member we
give you hours of bonus material every
week become a patron or a Premium Member
and if you're on Steam it we're steaming
it right now Plus every Saturday we do a
live super solid chat Saturday where
it's a live stream and you can ask us
questions and we'll
come back every Saturday 2:00 p.m.
Pacific time thanks for your support
[Music]
