hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have this very special guest in
studio with us she's the co-host and
producer of Jesse Ventura's world
according to Jesse who and I got to work
with her just last week I'm glad she's
here it's bejeezus Santos ladies and
gentlemen how are you I'm great thanks
so much for having me this is great
thanks for making the drive I appreciate
it that's very nice of you Los Angeles
traffic is very tough well let's get
right into it the Democrats are lost
they have no message still and the
message that the DNC and MSNBC is
putting out for them is all your
troubles and problems are caused by
Russia and it has nothing to do with the
corporatization of the Democratic Party
which turned its back on workers in 1992
so in fact here is Senator Chris Murphy
lamenting on MSNBC that the Democrats
keep talking about Russia and here's
what he had to say about it
no senator Harold Ford was talking a
little bit earlier about what Democrats
need to do to win elections in states
like Georgia and places across the south
and the Midwest it's kind of reflective
of the conversation we had after the
presidential election back in November
which is that the progressive wing of
the Democratic Party said we need to be
more progressive and we heard that last
night and again this morning from groups
like moveon.org the lesson was that John
Asaf was to moderate do you think
running for office right now in this
climate as a Democrat means you ought to
be more progressive or more moderate I
think what it means is the Democrats
have to be hyper focused on an economic
message that tells people that the
Republican Party is all about economic
growth for millionaires and billionaires
and the Democratic Party is about
economic growth for everybody and I
think Robert Costa is right the fact
that we have spent so much time talking
about Russia has you know has been a
distraction from what should be the
clear contrast between Democrats and the
Trump agenda which is on economics you
know when I've been back in Connecticut
I often get on a commuter bus and ride
it for just an hour to talk to folks you
know frankly don't normally call my
office or write my office and
to say they are never talking about
issues like Russia they are not talking
frankly about what's on cable news at
night they are talking about the same
things wages they're talking about
education they're talking about Public
Safety and so I think Democrats have to
be hyper focused on a economic contrast
and I think this hyper focused hyper
focus guess who is hyper focused here's
Bernie Sanders and Bernie Sanders is
he's proposing the sort of bold thinking
we need he proposes the idea give
everybody a job it's quite a crazy idea
one of the Democrats doing the Democrats
just sued Russia and Trump that's what
they decided to do instead of actually
offering something to people to vote for
them they decided to make a PR stunt and
sue Russia and the Trump campaign for
their 2016 meddling and so it led me to
say hey Tom Perez would love to have you
come on talk about your lawsuit against
the First Amendment it's a great idea to
get the youth not interested in any
Democrats ever again saw you with chat
with Chris Hayes played nice for his
geriatric audience and didn't lay a
glove on you which was true we already
covered that part and then I love this
is my favorite response they're gonna be
really sad when they sue the First
Amendment and people still don't like
Hillary Rodham Clinton so what do you
think about that the Democrats ignoring
even what their own members know to be
true that no one in their district is
talking about Russia Russia gate but
they're talking about things that
actually matter like jobs health care
college what do you think about that I
think it just shows that they're
definitely not going to win 2020 because
they clearly haven't learned anything
and it just shows that yeah they don't
have a message they don't know what
they're doing they they certainly don't
in fact here's their own Congress people
so this is Jackie Speier she's a
congresswoman from California she was on
with Wolf Blitzer he has a beard and
here's what here's what they said
congresswoman I want to begin with your
reaction to this lawsuit I've call this
a political stunt by the
the NC dozen the suit though lend
credence to president Trump's claim that
this Russia investigation is just sour
grapes from the Democratic Party I
actually think this lawsuit is
ill-conceived and I am not very
supportive of it so there well she's
right it's the dumbest thing in the
world so the question we're gonna ask
today which was asked in TruthDig which
is why is the DNC fighting WikiLeaks and
not Wall Street which is a great
question and let me just Norman Solomon
wrote this who's been on the show before
and he's a great media watchdog and I'll
just go through a little bit what he had
to say he says announced with the
flourish by the DNC chair Tom Perez the
civil lawsuit which reads like a
partisan polemic wrapped in legalisms
sues the Russian government the Trump
campaign and operatives as well as
WikiLeaks and its founding editor Julian
Assange it's hard to imagine that many
voters in swing districts who'll
determine whether the GOP runs the house
through the end of 2020 will be swayed
by the Russia related accusations
contained in the lawsuit people are far
more concerned about economic and
security for themselves or their
families underscores by such matters as
the skyrocketing costs of health care
and college education the DNC's lawsuit
amounts to doubling down on its fixation
of blaming Russia for the Democratic
Party's monumental 2016 loss at a time
when it's when it's essential to remedy
that failed approaches that were major
causes of fillery Clinton's defeat in
the first place instead of confronting
its fealty to Wall Street or overall
failure to side with working-class
voters against economic elites the
Democratic National Committee is ramping
up the party leadership's 18-month
fixation on Russia Russia Russia after a
humungous political investment in
depicting Vladimir Putin as a pivotal
Trump patron and a mortal threat to
American democracy strategist atop the
Democratic Party don't want to let up on
seeking a big return from that
investment protecting the investment
will continue to mean opposing the
threat of
they talked between the world's two
nuclear superpowers while giving the
party a political stake at war ting in
thwarting any warnings of the current
ominously frigid relations between
Moscow and Washington a loud and clear
message from the Democrats 2016 election
debacle is that hoping for working-class
votes while refusing to do battle
against corporate exploiters of the
working class is a political dead-end
the mainstream Democratic storyline of
victims without victimizers lacks both
plausibility and passion so
unfortunately this assessment in the
autopsy remains all too relevant it's an
autopsy on the Democratic Party and
here's the part that really sticks out
the idea that the Democrats can somehow
convince Wall Street to work on behalf
of Main Street through mild chiding
rather than acting as Main Street
champion against the wealthy no longer
resonates we live in a time of unrest
and unjustified cynicism towards those
in power Democrats will not win if they
continue to bring a wonk knife to a
populist gunfight
nor can democratic leaders and
operatives be seen as real allies of the
working class if they're afraid to
alienate big funders or to harm future
job or Consulting prospects so that's
why they are suing WikiLeaks Russia and
the Trump campaign instead of doing what
Bernie Sanders is doing which is
following a template that works which is
FDR's New Deal so what he's gonna do
Bernie Sanders is actually figure out
the problems people have and try to
offer solutions that's what politicians
are supposed to do and that's what he's
doing but once you're bought which is
what the Democratic Party has become
they're completely been captured by
corporate money you have to now think of
smoke and mirrors and window dressing to
get people to so now all we like gays
and we we're kind of for the environment
even though they're not and so all the
Sun and Russia is the cause of your
problems and that's why they're doing
that instead of what they're supposed to
I predict the results will be mixed at
best Vegeta what do you what do you make
of that article and what do you make of
what the DNC is doing right now
well the DNC is just showing the public
and their voters that this is what they
are invested in how many hours and how
much manpower and how many resources do
you think they're now dumping into this
anti-russia
effort anti WikiLeaks effort they should
be taking all of that time effort and
all of those resources and dumping it
back into programs and things that the
public can actually get behind rather
than wasting our time on this we are two
years away from the next election and
they have something else coming for them
if they really keep going down this path
of just focusing on one thing I've I've
heard no one who is in need of a job
I've heard no one who's in need of
health care I've heard no one who has a
kid in college I've heard none of those
people talk about the problems with
Russia I've heard them talk about the
problems with our bought government have
you heard anybody talk about anything
else besides the real problems they're
having as what Senator Chris Murphy said
no I haven't people are really
frustrated with the way things are going
right now that's why you have these
populist uprisings on the left and on
the right and it's not just the
Democrats that are paid off and bought
and sold it's also the Republicans they
just happen to be in power right now I
mean talk about ignoring you know what's
funny is that the Republicans in an
autopsy when they lost a Barack Obama
the second time right and so losing to a
black guy with a Muslim name two times
in a row really drove them crazy so they
decided to do a autopsy and the autopsy
revealed they should stop being as
racist as they were and a being and done
and tried to attract minorities and try
to become a bigger tent party and of
course they ignored it completely in
Trump went the other way and it worked
for them it worked for them because the
Democrats nominated the most hated least
popular candidate in the history of the
party in fact they had to completely rig
the primary so she could get the
nomination so that that's why Trump
one it wasn't because he was a brilliant
candidate it was because people are
hurting and the Democrats offered them
nothing so people wanted to smash the
establishment
we got Trump they still want to smash
the establishment and one of the
Democrats give us take give us a lawsuit
instead of a jobs program that is why do
you think the Democrats won't even try
to to propose a jobs program every night
lifetime they haven't had one I really
don't know why I think it just doesn't
benefit their funders and therefore that
might be the only reason why it's that's
it that I can't it's mind-boggling
we had Dennis Kucinich on the show the
other day and he's proposing a jobs
program for his state and he hasn't
figured out how many billions of dollars
it takes per job so I love I just want
to read what Katrina vanden Heuvel says
just because I like saying her name
Sanders is retrieving the best of our
country's radical ideas here embracing
FDR's economic Bill of Rights the sort
of bold thinking we need Sanders to
introduce plan to guarantee every
American a frickin job that's what
voters respond to you want to know how
do you get half the country that doesn't
vote you know the biggest voting bloc
right now in America is the half of the
country that doesn't vote why do you
think that is because when they came out
and voted for Democrats the Democrats
punched him right in the gut hey I'm
gonna vote for Clinton oh we're gonna
get rid gonna pass NAFTA cut the legs
out from underneath your Union take your
job and ship it to poor people in more
desperate situations then we're going to
regulate Wall Street which is gonna
crash the economy and kill your job and
in under ten years all while we're
exploding the prison population and
gutting welfare and demonizing black
people calling them super predators they
already voted for that bill clinton was
already president for eight years then
they voted for Barack Obama who made the
bank's bigger took us from two wars to
seven made the bush tax permanent
created
health care giveaway to the health
insurance pearl companies and Big Pharma
with no cost controls and opened up the
Artic to drilling twice
whenever shell asked so they know that
there's didn't matter who they voted for
which is why half the country stayed
home the Democrats weren't offering them
anything except Hillary Clinton
screaming at the top of her lungs that
Medicare for all will never come to pass
here's a guy offering everyone a job and
the Democrats have no idea what how to
respond to that ah well now let's sue
somebody and it's an obvious PR stunt
even to their own members even to their
own Congress people it's an obvious PR
stunt that they don't support what I
think is funny if you watch our other
video Chris Hayes interviewed Tom Perez
the head of the DNC Chris Hayes wouldn't
even ask him a question about the
lawsuit that's how bought Chris Hayes is
it was really funny to watch which is
another big problem right do you think
that the media like people call MSNBC
MSDN see which is kind of cute and what
have you and I used to like think that's
kind of funny and then Edie just came
out just last week and revealed that no
no they're literally telling their hosts
what to cover what not to cover not to
cover Bernie Sanders to cover Trump's
empty podium and to not talk about
progressive issues they're literally
doing that to him and people were afraid
of Sinclar media so I think the reason
why do you that my theory the why the
DNC is allowed to do this so blatantly
even when their own members think it's
stupid is because there isn't an
adversarial press against them you what
do you think absolutely they completely
control the press I mean you wake up in
the morning turn on Morning Joe and you
have the Obamas literal press secretary
there Josh Ernst to you now a
contributor then you also have former
CIA director John Brennan and then you
look at other companies like Netflix who
has now put on their board Susan Rice
who is the former national security
adviser to Obama why would she want to
work for Netflix well Netflix just one
to M or two
Oscar's in the past two years for their
documentaries one about the Russian
doping scandal called Icarus and another
one about the white helmets it is in the
national Security's interest to control
Netflix which is the new media right and
also to have people on MSNBC and all the
mainstream networks it's so obvious so
this is that COINTELPRO yep get
happening again this is the the church
committee hearings happening again from
the 70s when we all found out that the
CIA had infiltrated our newsrooms
oh are you kidding and that's what it
was a lot harder to do because there are
a lot more news media outlets now
there's only six and they don't have to
infiltrate anymore they are invited they
are given Guardian tracks this is a
prestigious job it's not like they have
to sneak in and you know pay someone off
to get these stories and they literally
just show up on the doorstep and say hey
I need a job I'm out of the White House
can I please be a commentator it's a
revolving door and what we're learning
about the white helmets is that they're
their funding is a suspect from Saudi
Arabia and the United States they're not
independent actors and in fact there's
been lots of evidence that showed that
they were working hand in hand with el
nusra al Qaeda and Isis in Syria that's
what the evidence I've seen and that's
from people who have actually been there
right and a view of our views are the
same thing I've heard the same thing
from people who have been there
unfortunately Syria is one place where
there's so much conflicting information
it's really hard to know what's going on
so yes defer to the people who have been
there
so there you go that's that's why the
Democrats don't have a plan for you
because they don't care about you the
Democrats care about their donors and
the donor class and that's why they're
doing a PR stunt like this instead of
actually proposing policies that would
help people and help their lives please
make sure you subscribed it only takes a
second make sure you're subscribed and
click that bell so they give you a
notice whenever we drop a video and if
you can become a page when we give you
hours of bonus material every week our
next live shows June 3rd
in Portland Oregon and we do a super
silent chat every Saturday that's our
live stream you can ask us questions
that we answer back that Saturday is at
2 p.m. Pacific plus we run steam it
we're steaming it right now
[Music]
