haven't been walking with Jimmy Dore
show up here with Rob lick Oh howdy
howdy Jimmy so while we're talking about
police police corruption is what this is
so we've had Michael wood on the show
with former Baltimore sergeant and he
really informed us a lot about policing
and we hadn't thought about it and like
for instance that the police tell you
how they're gonna police your city
instead of you telling the police how
they should police your city that makes
more sense right so and we've talked
about the system is corrupt that
policing in America they're already
killed 109 people in the United States
already this year cops already a hundred
and nine that's more than most countries
kill in a decade and we're only a month
in the really a month in we're a month
in so we have a problem in the United
States with our cops haven't seem to be
the guys with the ichiya stricker
fingers in the world instead of being
responsible when you see a cop show up I
get more nervous always because they got
guns and they're using them like crazy
and they're taught to fear for their
life in every situation apparently
apparently mm-hmm so what and hey even
the ones that aren't super trigger-happy
they can manage to kill people with
Tasers yeah remember remember that face
nice I remember that face yeah
Baltimore cops this is from Vice
Baltimore cops carried toy guns to plan
on people they shot and I'm just gonna
tell you what you're not gonna hear in
this report is most cops are good you're
not gonna hear that no because every
time they talk about something
unbelievably egregious like this you
have to obligatory say that it's not
true by the way that's not true most
cops are part of a corrupt system known
as American policing mm-hmm and you
either succumb to that screwed-up system
or you leave and if you try to turn in
your fellow cops look what happened to
Serpico and by the way I know that you
go Jimmy that was in the 70s
Serpico just wrote another article two
years ago in salon saying exacts it's
worse now
yeah and saying most cops are good is a
straw man and we've said this before on
the show but we're not gonna stop saying
it you know why because people still
throw that pointless sentiment out there
and until that stops happening we're
gonna have to keep reminding you know
what let the grown-ups talk
that's a dumb pointless straw man
because that's not we're talking about a
systemic issue the systemic issue where
people are trained to carry toy guns to
plant on people they shoot
that's a systemic problem there's a bit
of a systemic problem look at this so
this is from vice there's a trial going
on in Baltimore of some corrupt cops and
it got revealed in this trial that they
kept fake guns in their patrol cars to
plan on innocent people so in case they
shoot an unarmed suspect they know
they're gonna shoot people that that's
what goes in they know they're shooting
people and they also know they shoot
unarmed people they know that aren't you
supposed to wait till you see like I
when I grew up Branagh it was I was
always taught but cops are only allowed
to return fire that you can't shoot
first now they shoot first all the time
and now they shoot unarmed people they
shoot if you have a pen they shoot you
if they have a screwdriver they shoot
you if you look menacing they'll just
shoot you because they fear for their
life in every situation
cops fear for their life in every
situation and now what I was gonna say
now it's to the point where they have a
little preparation kit with you they
have a toy gun maybe some of them bring
a bottle of wine and take the case they
want to take the edge off after this
yeah unarmed person you know it's great
when they plant plant some coke on you
too yeah so there's this guide Maurice
Ward he's already pled guilty he's
testified that his partners were told to
carry BB guns so they can plant it on
innocent people they shot who were not
unarmed these are the cuff this sounds
like stuff that the so that's why I say
when I see it a gang member with a gun I
feel less afraid than a cop because when
you see a cop with a gun he's gonna use
it with impunity gang members still fear
prosecution cops do not this is amazing
they would carry fake guns to plan up
the cops
cops going out do some killing cops
going out to escalate violence cop going
out to bring some mayhem to your
community so because it Goods
counterintuitive you like well Jimmy why
would someone want to become a cop if
they were these kind of people what do
you kind of people do you think if I get
a call that there's a there's a there's
some violence happening somewhere
I tried the other way cops drive towards
it because they like it that's why
they're cops there's a different kind of
people want to become cops than you and
me so that's why you can't say all Jimmy
you can't say all black people are this
way are all white people why can't you
say all cops because they're not a race
and they're not born a cop when we
didn't grab them randomly out of society
this is a culture hope that people are
drawn to just like you can make
assertions about groups of people who
voluntarily join groups people who
voluntarily joined the police you can
make assumptions about them especially
if they stay with the police department
instead of leaving this is all this is
this isn't um speculation right this has
been Michael wood is going on he's
talked about this they've done these
studies we know this now
yeah and that's and that's an important
thing to point out though it's like well
do some people get involved for the
right reasons
yeah probably and then you know what
usually happens they get weeded out you
leave those people get weeded out or
they succumb to the culture mm-hmm and
the culture is this the culture is
turning the other way when a guy shoots
a cop shoots an unarmed guy 17 times
like that what happened hit Chicago how
many times I shoot that guy walking on
the street in not a threat to anybody
cop just unloads his gun into him and
happened to be on film so that cop got
caught there's more to this
the directive allegedly came from the
team sergeant so you know when you go
bro give me your commanding officer
to a cop they're gonna bring an even
bigger maniac this guy was telling
people this was TV the boss was telling
them to do this in this awesome it's
amazing you know what it sounds
it sounds like a really bad joke someone
would make in the office but no this was
actually an order like it sounds like
somebody that's really tone deaf would
be like oh and by the way don't forget
to carry a toy gun in case you shoot an
unarmed person and then hopefully
everyone else would be like wow that's
yeah that's not okay to say but no this
is a real order yes this is what goes on
in law enforcement this is real yeah I
look how they say in this article that
they say that though he didn't say
whether or not the tactic was ever used
they did catch a guy with a fake gun on
him when they arrested him so another
cop Marcus Taylor was swept up and this
swept up in the scandal and it's also
it's swept up at the scandal swept he
got swept up in it
he was carrying in a gun almost
identical to his police gun when he got
arrested he just got swept up in the
moment he's like it looks so real I
gotta keep this I gotta keep it swept up
so I could sweep it under someone's the
revelation is just one of many egregious
I would say egregious yeah egregious
abuses that have come out of the
sprawling trial that the son has called
Baltimore's biggest police corruption
scandal in February that's saying
something for Baltimore
yeah Baltimore's they've been through
some stuff Ulta more seems Baltimore
seems extra seems worse than most police
departments most police departments are
bad by the way is when it comes to
respecting rights and stuff like the Hat
they think for Christ's sake they have a
tank in Ferguson now in Ferguson
prosecutors say the squad which was
tasked with getting illegal guns off the
streets abuse its power by robbing
suspects and you think that's a that's a
bit of an abuse of power they robbed
they robbed people
and raided their homes without warrants
and then they don't like so the cops are
the criminals so I've said this before
the 1/2 turn of the screw most cops
criminal and they're and these guys are
don't have turn these guys are criminals
they're just flat
out criminals yeah that's a crime yeah
yeah now all those things are our crimes
and you know you say this to people and
white people grew up in cul-de-sacs you
can't say no because every interaction
you've ever had has been nice with cop I
grew up with cops like my whole
neighbourhoods full of cops in Chicago
all those all cops and firemen cops
firemen and criminals that's who lived
in our neighborhood my dad was a cop my
grandpa was a cop well his brother was a
cop Oh although some of my best friends
are cops and up to their weddings and
it's a culture okay and by the way the
people who become cops
the ones I they're the last people you
want to become cops I'm just telling you
they're all nice to me they know me I
wouldn't want to be pulled over by them
no way I wouldn't want to be pulled over
by him especially if I didn't have my
nice white skin on I'm just telling I
come on the the smartest guy that guy
with the highest they take the a a CT
test and in the Midwest not the SAT he
had the highest a CT test he became a
Chicago cop mm-hmm go to his Facebook
page nothing but racist stuff all over
and he's a captain he was a captain
that's cuz he's smart and now he's in
the FBI
he went he's so smart he got it what did
the FBI couldn't and you know he was a
guy was picked on so there's two big
types of people who become cops bullies
and people who were bullied mm-hmm
neither one you want to be cops neither
one of those guys you want to become and
that's what the police department's full
of people who were bullies or who are
who were bullied and not only going to
have that power so the people who are
the most sensitive to power well are
drawn to the policing that's who's drawn
to it just so you know and we should
keep a really short leash on them
especially because we give them guns and
they use them all the time
109 people in the United States already
killed this year were one month end of
the year that's amazing okay so I we
keep making the
you could do that I could do that one of
these I could do a story like this every
almost every day yeah pretty much of
corrupt police departments police
corrupt dude no matter what it is it's a
happens in New York they have the ticket
fixing thing and they have done their
art and it happened all the whole turns
out the whole precinct the cops were in
on it you know the whole thing that's
why I say half turn of the screw and now
I just we need to we need a a revolution
in policing in the United States it
ain't ever gonna happen it's never gonna
happen it's but like Michael wood said
yeah the problem is the police dictate
to the community how they're gonna
police you instead of the community
sitting down deciding how they want to
be police and then telling the cops like
what do you mean by that Jimmy like well
what do you want cops to do with curfew
violations do you want to arrest your
kids right away just arrest them or do
you want them to take them home if it's
for what what so then you get to make
those decisions
right go ahead yeah well I was gonna say
the one one thing that does make this a
lot different it is this really goes
into you know a lot of times people love
to say where there's cops shooting after
cops shooting after cops shooting after
cops shooting and no matter how many
happened people love to say oh well
that's just a rogue acting yeah well
here is a prime example that really this
is a systemic thing this wasn't a rogue
acting out they were being told to do
this they were taught to do this keep a
fake gun on you for when you shoot an
unarmed person can we say it's a
systemic problem now do you have enough
evidence that it's a systemic thing
apparently Ferguson uncovering the KKK
members were becoming cops and nobody
screened them and nobody found that out
that wasn't enough for you is this
enough to say yes it's a systemic
problem the hope the whole police
department in Ferguson was bad and their
criminal justice system was but was
baked on building poor people a lot of
money yeah that's what it wasn't you
give us money and we'll we're gonna lock
you up we're gonna arrest you we're
gonna harass you falsely accuse you
arrest you charge you a fine and when
you can't pay that fine we'll lock you
up until you pay the fine
it's debtors prison for poor people
that's what was happening in Ferguson so
again
super systemic is what's what's Ron is
saying and that's the whole thing like
cops think that they get to tell you how
you they're gonna police you no no we
get to tell you and right now we're in
an over militarized police force and it
started with the drug war in the 80s
everybody you lost all your rights it's
all a to do is say you're a drug dealer
so now they can confiscate your property
all your money after they can take
everything and you got to prove you're
innocent it's supposed to be the other
way around they have to prove your guilt
they don't that that's all out the
window all I have to do is say you're a
drug dealer and now even after 9/11
nothing to say you're terrorists you
even get a court you could abies corpus
to say you're a terrorist so it's gotten
worse we live in a surveillance state
with an over militarized police
department and no one has and Barack
Obama did nothing in eight years not a
goddamn thing he got a lawyer from Wall
Street to be as the his top cop is
Attorney General and they did nothing
they didn't prosecute Wall Street they
didn't reform the policing they did
nothing so and they didn't make it a
conversation by the way they just said
we have to have a beer remember that
they had a beer with that cop and and
the professor that he arrested in his
own house mm-hmm white cop arrests a
black professor in his own house for
trespassing or whatever and Barack Obama
says that was wrong then they had to
have a beer that's all we just have to
have a beer it's not a systemic problem
that we should maybe take a look at
Barack yeah it is but we didn't do it so
yeah by the way get in it'll happen to
you someday cops are starting to shoot
poor white people now instead of just
poor black people we covered that there
was in the Ohio there was a courthouse C
mural 16 year old kids cop literally
took his gun out shot him he's on armies
in the courtroom just shot him
point-blank but the course the cop said
the gun went off after the cop pulled
the trigger it went off yeah so I I'm
just bringing you the story and I wish
there was a Bob oh I could put at the
end of it except they get ready for more
of the stuff because it's going to keep
coming in our police is our police
departments are corrupted from
coast-to-coast and people even if you
get into policing with good intentions
they get kicked out of you quickly and
if they don't
kicked out of you you leave the police
department so that's what makes me
nervous when I see a cop cuz I know he's
part of the system thank God I'm white
that's what I say to myself but I've had
as I've still had cops as point guns at
me and there's nothing scarier than
having a cop pointing a gun at you in
this day and age because they shoot you
with impunity we just saw we just saw
them shoot a guy with a ar-15 he had his
hands like this and he was crying please
don't shoot me and they shot him anyway
and killed him and nothing happens that
cop so that's the world we live in so
now that gestapo comes into your
neighborhood shoots people and nothing
happens to them that's what it feels
like right oh yeah it feels like the
cops are the Gestapo and it turns out
they are please make sure you're
subscribed I know it sounds old already
but we everyday people saying we're not
subscribed please make sure you're
subscribed and click that bell so you
get a notification and we're gonna be in
San Diego February 24 if that's a
Saturday we'll see you in February 24th
in San Diego and March 25th in Austin
Texas thanks for your support
[Music]
