somebody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i'm here it's romp Lacombe howdy howdy
Jimmy so I wanted new revelations about
the Facebook and Cambridge analytics so
I'm gonna walk you through it now we
already covered this part on the show I
want to show it to you again this is
from Forbes magazine from November 2017
they already did a big article on
Cambridge analytic everybody knew what
Cambridge analytical was doing in fact
Cambridge analytic they brag about it
the company which entered the u.s.
political market in 2014 mining and
analyzing data to target voters says
it's expanding its work ok the company
blah blah the company gathers huge
amounts of data about people one example
in the Knicks game was what cereal you
eat ok so there we got that Nick said
the company ran over 4,000 campaigns for
Donald Trump that in total captured a
billion impressions or views he also
absolved himself a responsibility for
the results saying the data science
can't make a fake candidate electable
even though having in the right data and
the right technology behind the campaign
is critical now we already talked about
this
Cambridge analytic O's brought bragging
about helping Donald Trump sway voters
through social media here in the United
States and isn't that exactly what the
Twitter troll butts were - and so my
whole point was well this was known last
November how come no one ever said trees
in it's as a foreign people meddling how
come they never say they're meddling in
our elections how can that would have a
lot below so that that was my point on
that and it's because they're not
Russians
he I love the CEO of Cambridge analytic
has said the ID cuz it took them over a
year to set up all the algorithms
whatever the heck that all the stuff
they needed to do to get that to do this
took him over a year of working to do
this and millions of dollars but Knicks
did have the idea that Russia interfered
in any substantive way was not credible
that assessment so there you go the idea
that Russia hijacked this election is
frankly ludicrous the CEO of Cambridge
analytic has said that the Russians
could replicate that level of technology
and insight in just a matter of months
is just nonsense
now did he make this statement before or
after he saw Jesus are
wrestling satan ah so we showed you this
we showed you how Brian settlers steps
loose tell from the reliable sources he
came on and he just basically explained
what was going on but he didn't use any
of those words that I say that say
meddling in our election he didn't say
treason he didn't say collusion he
didn't say colluded they use any of
those words that weird it's cuz they're
British I guess so I'm not gonna show
that to you but here I'll show you one
more video this is from the
whistleblower so the guy the
whistleblower that the Guardian made a
video I will show it to you and this is
the debt this is the professor from
Cambridge who invented an application on
Facebook that could and by the so the
set up that Facebook had if you created
an application like a survey or even a
game like Farmville that was an
application for Facebook and if people
used it then because of the Facebook
rules the application maker could then
access all the data and information of
all your friends so this was a big they
call it harvesting of information so her
I'll play this video that the Guardian
put together even offering weight so
he's talking about the professor from
Cambridge what he offered us was way
cheaper way faster of quality and faster
and of equality that nothing matched
they had apps on Facebook that were
given special permission to harvest data
not from just the person who used the
app or joined the app but also it would
then go into their entire friend network
and pull up all of the friends data as
well things like status updates likes in
some cases private messages we would
only need to to you know touch a couple
hundred thousand people to expand into
their entire social network which would
then scale us to you
you know most of America and people have
no idea that the data was being taken in
this way so that's so there you go
that's a big deal and here's a little
bit more about how it worked right so
the Cambridge analytic uh took the
Facebook data and they had used it to
identify targeted voter groups and then
they desired targeted messaging to
influence their appeal what kinds of so
we Ike that's out this don't we get
that's called it it's called advertising
that's called okay I mean the problem
here is that they got your info and you
didn't know it and that's the big people
are actually more angry at Facebook
which they should be yeah they should be
angry at Facebook for allowing this to
happen that's the real to me that's the
real culprit here right absolutely
especially since like you know a lot of
people myself included when this first
slide like like hit like when people
were first starting to talk about it I
thought oh well I never got into any of
those goofy games or any of those goofy
matter if your friend exactly I was just
like so I'm okay and then I read on and
I was like ooh hoo hoo I know a lot of
my friends did and so they had access to
me too
yeah so here we go to Jane you would be
susceptible to and where you're going to
consume that and then how many times do
we need to touch you is that in order to
change how you how you think about
something you know it is a full-service
propaganda machine
[Music]
what does this say dr. Alexandra Kogut
maintains that everything he did was
legal and he had a close working
relationship with Facebook which had
granted him permission for his apps
which it sounds like as far as I can
tell is true right yeah as far as I can
tell it's true how else would you give
permission to do that how else would you
have would they hack Facebook
I don't think they hacked Facebook
mm-hmm no one's I haven't even heard
anyone say that so it seems more likely
that Facebook wanted them to have this
let's see and a statement a spokesman
for mr. ban had said who cares I don't
care about banning so let's move on so
this is the headline from that story the
Guardian the utterly horrifying esque X
Facebook's insider says covert data
harvesting was routine so that was that
guy that's the whistleblower and
hundreds of millions of Facebook users
are likely to have had their private
room so everybody right so everybody
there's only three how many millions of
hundreds of millions of Facebook users
are the United States anyway exploit a
safety blog okay sandy per oculist
that's that guy's name that
whistleblower the platform operations
manager on Facebook responsible for
policing data breaches he told the
Guardian that he warned senior
executives at Facebook that its lacks
approach to data protection Rick's
risked a major breach and they ignored
him so that's and then he left he quit
the company now he's at uber so now okay
so now you know that's the story so
that's the story so now you got that
story and now what's the other side of
the story so there are other side
stories how come they never say meddled
in the election you never know saying
they're still not saying that they still
won't say meddled in the election
colluded with a foreign national they
don't say that right
they don't say a foreign government or a
foreign company working in collusion
with the I saw Rachel Maddow do an hour
on this she connected Cambridge little
cut to Russia why aren't they saying
meddling why are they saying colluded
interesting rights because it makes me
think that the rest of the stuff they're
saying about Russia meddling collisions
so know that all this comes around of
course to Barack Obama
huh what so by the way whatever just
happened on Facebook it's got to be a
million times worse than what thirteen
Twitter trolls could could do could
accomplish right one would assume yeah
and what access to millions and billions
of people's information yeah versus a
rainbow Burnie mean yeah I'm gonna take
so I might be burying the lede here
because this is the exciting part of the
story because you know all the other
parts probably already here's the new
part that's actually an old part again
this was all information we do this
Cambridge analytic everybody knew this
stuff last November right this is so so
here is from Time magazine friended how
the Obama campaign connected with the
young voters social networks are
transforming the way campaigns are
conducted and when was this written
November 20th 2012 huh huh here we go
here we go for a campaign dependent on
big youth turn on this could have been a
crisis what they're talking about the
crisis was that a lot of them didn't
have telephones so how do there's a
crisis but the Obama team had a solution
in place a Facebook application that
will transform the way campaigns are
conducted in the future and boy did it
for supporters the app appeared to be
just another way to digitally connect to
the campaign but to the Windy City
number crunchers it was a game-changer I
think this will wind up being the most
groundbreaking piece of technology
developed for this campaign said Obama's
campaign digital director that's because
more than 1 million Obama backers who
signed up for the app gave the campaign
permission to look at their Facebook
friends lists in an instant the campaign
had a way to see the hidden young voters
uh-oh sounds like Barack Obama's
campaign pioneered this kind of thing
which by the way was totally legal this
is this is totally legal stuff that
they're doing totally and at Facebook
gave them the permission to do this
roughly 85% of those without a listed
phone number could be found in an
uploaded friendless so this is what this
was about they were trying to figure out
how do we find those voters who don't
have phones and there you go 85% of
those without a listed phone number
could be found in the uploaded friends
list what's more Facebook offered an
idea ideal way to reach them people
don't trust campaigns they don't even
trust media organizations who do they
trust they trust their friends so then
the campaign called this effort targeted
sharing the Obama campaign and in those
final weeks of the campaign the team
blitzed the supporters who had signed up
for the app with requests to share
specific online content with specific
friends simply by clicking a button
more than 600,000 supporters followed
through with more than 5 million
contacts asking their friends to
register a vote give money vote or look
at a video design to change their mind a
Geek Squad in Chicago created models
from vast data sets to find the best
approaches for each potential voter Wow
this is deep deep deep dive stuff mm-hmm
we are not just sending you a banner ad
explains Dan Wagner the Obama campaign's
29 year old head of analytics who helped
to oversee the project we are giving you
relevant information from your friends
so that's who invented this was the
Obama campaign invented how to do this
we create an application we then get
access to all their friend BAM we got
him so they were saying this is all
legal
Facebook said it was okay it was part of
the things it wasn't until they say
sometime in 2014 that Facebook decided
to stop giving applications all this
access but here's someone named Carol
Davidson she worked on the Obama data
team also she said Facebook was
surprised we were able to suck out the
whole social graph but they didn't stop
us once they realized that's what we
were doing they came to the office in
the days following election recruiting
and were very candid that they allowed
us to do things they wouldn't have
allowed some
else to do because they were on our side
sounds like they're colluding to
overthrow the government or something
what is that that's a private company
colluding and cheating to help a
presidential candidate that was their
gragert how come that that's not but
that's not that's ok so that's the Obama
administration getting special treatment
from Facebook now you see why Facebook
should maybe be a public utility now you
see like now you see why it's important
not to let a Silicon Valley narcissistic
megalomaniac billionaire who stolen
ideas from his friend to start Facebook
have him be the some purveyor of what
free speech should be so here's that
woman here is Carol Davidson she did a
TED talk about this so that's what this
is all crate this isn't a secret
everyone's acting like this is a secret
isn't that weird
oh yeah I mean even in a video before we
get to the video a Mark Zuckerberg is
explanation that he put out very low at
Mark Zuckerberg so he put out an
explanation and even in his by his own
admission in his own post that I'm
looking at right now in 2013 at
Cambridge University researcher and he's
saying that what the app could do and
they knew what the app could do they
said given the way our platform worked
at the time this meant Cogan was able to
access tens of millions of their friends
data it's acknowledging that we knew
this could access your friends data so
in 2013 they they totally knew what was
up they knew everything in 2014 he's
saying oh we wanted to prevent something
like this from happening in the future
so wait in a year all the sudden you
wanted to prevent something you were
just totally cool with in 2013 like oh
we wanted to prevent in 20 in 2014 to
prevent abusive apps we announced that
we were changing the entire platform so
you knew what this was gonna do in 2013
and then in 2014 all of a sudden you
were like oh wait we don't want this
this is what we wanted like that doesn't
add up
at all because this was this isn't
somebody that doesn't know much about
technology and was born yesterday this
is a Silicon Valley right in there
that's right
that's a good point that's a great
actually so here is let's listen to
Carol chose he's not taking
responsibility which is what narcissist
is megalomaniacs do they never take
responsibility they never sincerely
apologize it's always someone else's
fault and that's what Mark Zuckerberg is
and this is revealing him for who he is
yeah I mean this whole statement and you
know obviously we're not gonna read the
whole thing but he basically just passes
the buck Blaine right Cambridge and
doesn't actually apologize which a lot
of the articles are pointed out like you
couldn't even just say hey sorry
and here he is and five days for him to
come up with this mm-hmm so here is
Carol Davidson remember this about Mark
Zuckerberg
he's not acting this way because he's in
this circumstance circumstances don't
create the man they reveal him so here
is Carol Davidson and she's going to
talk about exactly what she did on the
Obama administration on campaign the
fact that you and I are friends right I
see someone on the street and I meet
them and I can be like oh my friend Kate
yeah we're great friends right I
apparently own that information because
Kate wasn't there and I told someone
that that was true right so Facebook
2012 election had the ability for people
to opt in the Obama campaign like rocked
this right we got people to opt in and
the privacy policies of that time on
Facebook were that if they opted in they
could tell us who all their friends were
okay so they told us who all their
friends were she's telling you how it
works there it is she's tell she's
showing you how it is Derrida that's
what everyone's so this isn't new
everyone she talked about this in a TED
talk everyone knew the thing that could
do this why is everyone acting like this
is new this is very much how local
campaigns work right people sit in a
room it's a really small thing all of
their biggest supporters turn around the
table and they like circle the names of
the people that they know that they're
gonna outreach to and I figure out how
to fill in the gaps of the people that
they don't know the Obama campaign just
did this on a digital digital level or
much larger larger level but we were
actually able to ingest the entire so
network social network of the US that's
on Facebook which is the entire social
network of the u.s. that is on Facebook
that's everybody in the United States
that's on Facebook they got him most
people where this gets complicated is
that freaks Facebook out right so they
shut off the future well the Republicans
never built an app to do that so the
data is out there you can't take it back
right so the Democrats have this
information so when they look at a voter
file and someone comes to them they can
immediately be like oh here are all the
other people that they know and here are
people that they can help us persuade
because they're really good friends with
this person the Republicans do not have
that information and will not get that
information right know I'm a Democrat so
you know maybe I could argue that's a
great thing but really it's not in the
overall process right really it's not in
the overall process and the overall
process it's not good when a huge
behemoth like Facebook is playing
favorites in presidential elections with
data which is and doing it doing it
clandestinely right so it's not like
their Facebook is Fox News and there's
you know who they are
Facebook is pretending they're not doing
anything so there it is Barack Obama so
whatever this is Barack Obama mastered
it his campaign mastered this then
according to her Facebook took that
ability away to use applications to
access Pete friends information but
according to Cambridge analytical and
that Kogan that professor from Cambridge
he said though that they would let us do
it so maybe it'll take a court case to
get these straight answer out of this
I'm guessing Facebook my guess is that
Facebook let them do it because they're
money-grubbing
oligarchs you know I this is a random
side note here but I feel like this is
just interesting based on what she was
just saying remember that video from
that that technology summit that we
played where Hillary Clinton says into a
microphone that she inherited nothing
yet
ah I got nothing except for all this
data no one else had no one else had yes
I do remember that that is amazing so I
wanted to do an update on this and again
what those what the Russian Twitter
trolls were doing was they were using
information and ideas to influence his
people's votes
that's called campaigning and by the way
they were doing in a but they weren't
really trying to do that they were just
trying to build up social media
followers so they could spam them that's
that's what I think the Twitter trolls
were doing that's what Julian Assange
thinks they were doing and if you
believe Robert Mueller Robert Mueller is
a proven liar who lied our country into
a war that's who Robert Mueller is lied
