have everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
show we're gonna see you July 15th in
Chicago and July 1st in Portland Oregon
and then of course you liked what he
said in the back here we have a special
guest on our Burbank show which is
delight 27th but guess what I'm here
with the miserable liberal high
miserable a miserable and Rob
black-owned is here hi Ron hey Jimmy
now Ron paconne is also doing a tour
with his buddy grab Mel with the
political vigilante and you're going
where you going where we're hitting the
road June 20th through 24th we're gonna
be in the southeast we're going to
Nashville Huntsville Asheville North
Carolina Louisville Kentucky in Atlanta
Georgia tickets a trompe l'oeil cone
calm all right so I promised you I would
talk to you about what happened in Oslo
Norway so we got invited quasi through
the Young Turks although the Young Turks
did not finance our trip or anything but
they had a relationship with the Freedom
Forum the Oslo Freedom Forum and it's
run by the human rights foundation and
how do you get a name like the human
rights foundation you just make it up
and then you say that's what we are and
then people go well the human rights
foundation like I could call it this the
Jimmy Dore show human rights foundation
and people would have to refer to it as
the Jimmy Dore show Human Rights bond
because I just made it up which is
exactly what they did with the human
rights foundation and the Oslo Freedom
Forum so we got invited to the Oslo
Freedom Forum and what they have is they
have all these people who are fighting
against dictators and stuff and like we
interviewed one guy who was a protester
in Tiananmen Square back in 1989 and he
had a tank roll over his legs we
interviewed him so those kind of people
like really courageous people but then I
found out but then and I was excited to
go and I couldn't wait to go to the
forum and all this stuff and then they
have an opening press conference and
it's hosted by Thor Halvorssen his real
name was Thor Halvorssen Mendoza but he
wants everyone to think he's Norwegian I
think or something and he looks at and
he turns out what these guys do him and
Gary Kasparov is there there
really not human rights fighters they're
really pushing regime change in
countries that the military-industrial
complex wants regime change in right and
so that he was him and his father of
Thor Halvorssen here I'll show you let's
show a little bit of it so we're here at
the opening ceremony for the Freedom
Forum we're waiting for the panel and
Thor Halvorssen not the CIA guy Thor
Halvorssen but his son
so this Thor Halvorssen he's the
director of the Freedom Forum and he's
the Thor Halvorssen Mendoza and he comes
from Venezuela and his father was in the
right-wing government there twice and
they're against leftists tight turns out
right so they hated Chavez and tried to
overthrow him and that's what this is
all about so this is all about
presenting people in the under the guise
of fighting for human rights but it's
really about regime neocon agendas and
regime change in the military-industrial
complex and this is Gary Kasparov the
chess guy what the he knows about
anything besides chess is beyond me
turns out not much turns out not much
and what they really don't know how to
do is to cover up their agenda because
all I did was ask a question and all
 broke loose
so we'll wipe so this is Thor Halvorssen
so that's who that is and he went to
school here in the United States and he
actually started like a right-wing
newspaper at his college and he was very
and all the things anti-gay and stuff
like that and I've since done reading
and there's there's some people have
already sniffed him out max Blumenthal
as sniffed him out I think a guy named
ken Silverstein has also sniffed him out
a Norwegian journalist to sniff these
guys out and I took me about two seconds
to sniff these guys out once I got there
I was excited to go to the thing I was
looking forward to it I didn't know I
was gonna not be on board with them but
here so here says the sentence I'm going
to Oslo to hang out with Thor how is
that not exciting
already I know right and his dad's name
was Thor - Thor Thor and here we go is
the director of the free
Foreman he'll be speaking and giving
everybody an introduction this should be
good no I had no idea I had no idea what
was gonna happen I had been tipped off
that that this guy Thor Halvorssen was I
he had kind of a shady past nobody he
didn't but nobody said they goes yeah
it's kind of kind of not sure where they
get their funding from and he's kind of
he's got a shady past his dad was
working the Venezuelan government and
had something to do with the CIA this is
what I was told and I was like oh this
this is gonna be fun
right it'd be interesting to meet a
character not this kind of character I
thought and that's again garry kasparov
next to him the chess player which what
that has to do so anyway here we go so
right before me they turn they open it
so they introduce all the dissidents
like there's a dissident I wasn't she
from China North Korea so she's from
North Korea and they have all I don't
know what this guy's from I think he's
got something to do with Saudi Arabia
right that guy so they had all these
different people from different
countries that have dictators and then
they open it up to questions and the
woman right before me asked a question
about China and here it is the event
this year ie this year is to rise
because we all need to get involved in
the struggle for human rights we are
here for you
that is the message that we have for
activists for advocates of democracy for
technologists were interested in making
a difference for philanthropists who
want to make investments that they can
leverage that can have an extraordinary
return on investment and that
of course is human freedom and I think
my colleagues into open into question
human freedom that in the return on
investment is human freedom along with
regime change and military industrial
complex profits and probably extracting
the neural resources and giving it to a
Western corporation from that indigenous
country probably I'll probably stuff
like that too I mean just going by
history freedom can be interpreted in
many many ways and and that that that
that word has been used and applied many
many different ways that's right so here
we go so now he opens it up to this
woman and she actually says this is not
a question so when they list they they
did he went through this thing he listed
all these dictators and it was weird
that they left off some and she says
this about please include Zhi Shan Bing
here we go you can be assured that China
is a subject that we will not shy away
absolutely you can be assured madam
that we will be addressing China so I
was like oh okay
they of course madam we're gonna address
China I'm like okay so I'm gonna bring
up the United States and I thought that
they would also be on board with yeah of
course the United States supports 73
percent of the world's dictators they
have been killing millions of people in
the Middle East for a couple decades now
they've lit it on fire look what they
did to Libya look what they're doing in
Syria look what they did to Iraq they're
still in Afghanistan going on two
decades of occupation I mean those are
human rights violations plus they have a
torture facility in Cuba plus sweet I
had a torture report the head of so here
we go
I thought they would be on board here it
goes my question hi I'm Jimmy Dore you
know when you speak at the free world do
you include the United States in the
free world because they have 5% of the
world's population they imprisoned 25%
of the world's incarcerated Barack Obama
after he got his Peace Prize went on to
drop more bombs than George Bush a
hundred thousand and right now they just
installed at the head of their
Intelligence Agency a certified torturer
in the world and the people in the
United States live in their surveillance
state and the police shoot minorities on
the street with impunity never one being
convicted so when you say the free roof
so when you say the free world I was
wondering are you and clearly so he's
stopping me he's shown him I don't know
you can't tell but he's going we got it
we got it right that's what he's saying
right are know so at this point even
though you can't hear it over our
microphone he's stopping me he's trying
to cut me off we got it we got it here's
what he's saying the United States and
that absolutely
yes there is an unmistakable difference
between three countries democracies and
voluntary countries the world is split
essentially in three so his answer to my
question of do you include the United
States and the free world when you say
that he says undeniably yes and then he
starts to explain that the world is to
split into three parts oh here we go
so I don't know how you could say the
country which is the world's biggest
penal colony is in the free world you
know like without any criticism here we
go
you have fully fledged dictatorships
like China competitive authoritarian
states that have occasional elections
that are neither free nor fair and then
you have fully fledged democracies now
we at the Freedom Forum and the
foundation generally focus and the human
rights foundation in general so those
are just two names that this guy himself
made up the human rights foundation and
the Freedom Forum just made it up those
are two organizations he heads both him
okay there you go tension on
authoritarian countries why do we do
this
because if you are in a country that is
not authoritative you can have a
foundation you can have a policy you can
have a newspaper you can have a
political party you can do protests down
the street about what's wrong in your
country and if your country puts you in
for that protest if your country puts
you in prison because you are a
journalist and you're saying something
that the powers that be don't work then
in that case absolutely that country is
no longer a democracy so let's use his
own definition so he's saying they're
not gonna focus on the United States or
the UK or Israel or anybody else doing
horrible human rights abuses because
we're not in a dictatorship and you can
go protest and you can have journalism
that's what he's saying but if your
government puts protesters in prison and
if they imprison journalists then
they're no longer a democracy that's his
definition of what a democracy is well I
Got News for you we did protest against
the banks running our economy and
kicking people out of their houses and
running a ruining our culture in May
police takedown occupy la campaña rest
300 of them there you go there's
peaceful protesters trying to protest
against the Oleg arcs and the state came
in hammered them but did they do it in a
peaceful way the state or did they oh no
they brutally Prust police brutally
crackdown cracked the heads of peaceful
protesters brutally women pregnant women
old ladies doesn't matter veterans they
did it to veterans brutalized veterans
and to the point where in in LA they had
to pay out almost three million dollars
to the people they brutalized none of
those cops got fired none of those cops
went to jail none of those none of it
came out of their pensions came out of
our taxpayer money so that oligarchs
tell the guys in government go send your
goons to crack the heads of these
peaceful protesters who are protesting
oligarchy they do it they do it
illegally unconstitutionally they get
fine who pays to find the people they're
beating up our taxes fund that it's
quite a scam so so by his own definition
that we're not a democracy because
peaceful protesters when we finally did
rise up and this is this is just one
example I could show you standing Iraq
all right show you Ferguson I can show
you many many others I'm just for the
sake of time I'm just gonna show them
that he's 100
wrong that in the United States if you
do Gries up in protest and your protest
has a chance of making a difference they
will crack your head brutalize you and
throw you in prison which is exactly
what happened this is from freedom of
the press foundation Obama used the sp9
act to put in a record number of
reporter sources in jail and Trump could
be even worse that's from the freedom of
the press foundation so he put a use the
Espionage Act at record amount of times
to suppress the FIR of free press and
journalism so that's no longer a
democracy right well CNN's Jake this is
from politifact it says Obama has used
the Espionage Act more than all previous
administrations the Obama administration
has used the espen Act to go after
whistleblowers who leaked to journalists
more than all previous administrations
combined I don't know if you see what
PolitiFact rated that it's true and I
blew it up a little bit bigger just so
you can see 100% true even an
establishment rag like PolitiFact will
tell you the truth about that for some
reason so what about that what about
people who actually expose war crimes
inside of the United States government
this democracy well if we imprison them
according to thorns were no longer a
democracy well there you go there and
now here you go this he exposed she
exposed war crimes that the United
States was routinely committing involved
in illegal Wars doing war crimes and
many other crimes and he was then
imprisoned she was that in prison for
that and was tortured that's according
to the UN chief tortured chief rules you
and tortured chief rules that Bradley
Manning's treatment was cruel and
inhuman is what that says so according
to Thor were no longer his own
definition we're no longer democracy
that's kind of surprising that he would
make that big of a gaffe when he's
running a grift
like he's running right you think he
would have a it's he had his talking
points now but he's screwed up
how about another how about whistle
about another whistleblowers who told us
about that we were being
unconstitutionally spied on in a massive
way and corporations were helping what
did we do to him there it is
Washington Post democracy dies in
darkness The Washington Post
you know pardon for Edward Snowden
little bit democracy dies a darkness The
Washington Post view no pardon for
Edward Snowden what did he do he
revealed crimes inside the United States
government that's what he did uh also he
says that he's not gonna focus on the
United States cuz it's a democracy even
though under his own definition it's not
so those are just just a handful of
examples I consider all day and do this
just like Ron pointed out dapple also so
even by their own definition the United
States is not a democracy it's an Oleg
Archy so 100% wrong
so that's him gas lighting people that's
the head of the human rights foundation
gas lighting people throw Alveston
gas lighting you into thinking that the
reason they don't focus on the United
States is because we're a great
democracy already and you and if you
don't like something you can protest and
they don't block you up like what
country does that guy live in right what
clench what country are you talking
about that's not what happens in the
United States
they uh they hire Blackwater and
psyops guys to go infiltrate you like
they did add Apple and then and then
they'll blow your arm off with the
grenades go ahead well here's my big
question that I would love to ask this
guy that I'm sure you've been wondering
since you got back if the whole premise
I mean I thought the whole premise of
this thing was to talk about injustice
is going on everywhere in the world so
if he wanted to have this idea that wall
in the United States everything is
hunky-dory why did he invite you I mean
didn't he want I mean didn't you want
people to talk about what was going on
in their country well it's in fact that
is correct that is exactly what they
wanted according to their own charter
they say we bring together dissidents
journalists to talk about human rights
violations in their own country
except my country I'm not allowed to
talk about in my country people had
tweeted that at Thor after that press
conference and I wish I would have had
that that's a great point that I forgot
that their own in their own literature
they say that's what this freedom forum
is about
that journalists activists human rights
work are coming together and we provide
a platform to them to question their own
governments and their protect but you
can't I can't
it gets worse by the way so that's
nothing so it keeps going on here we go
you must be very busy with the United
States meeting all the human rights
violations that the United States is
committing internally and externally to
which he actually says by its own
definition it's not even a democracy and
he's talking about how vibrant it is we
just we just had an election where they
they cheated Bernie Sanders because he
threatened the oligarchy so they just
cheated him blatantly the biggest
election fraud in the history of our
country happened in the 2016 primary
that happened and it was revealed and
the establishment ignored it and then we
went on to have an election where three
million more people expressed their
desire to have one person be President
the guy with less votes three million
less became president you tell me that's
a vibrant democracy according to Thor
because you could wear hats because you
can wear hats
hey thirty million people still have
health care in the richest country in
the world and sixty-four percent of the
country can't afford a thousand-dollar
mergency half of all workers are make
thirty thousand dollars but they can
wear hats but look I look I can I can I
can put on a pancake hat look I have a
fedora look I could wear my baseball cap
backwards freedom I can wear my football
hat where I can go to the game where the
team can't protester they see me that's
right where the team is made to
participate in patriotism at the point
of being threatened
with their jobs so here we go protests
protests against the president a country
where we turn the television on so this
is him whitewashing the United States so
he just launches into this whitewash
this unbelievable whitewash of the
United States and their human rights
violations this is kind of mind-blowing
and a human rights can whatever
freak forum people sometimes ask me
people say oh you must be very busy with
the United States to which I say
actually this is a wonderful opportunity
to discuss how vibrant that democracy is
a country where group of women can wear
hats with a certain kind and have
protest after protest against the
president a country where we turn the
television on any channel you go to on
any weeknight it's typically a comedian
