how everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show I'm here with Ron play Conan steps
and Marano hi Steph
hi Jimmy alright so here we go Colin
Kapernick is now the the Nike
spokesmodel
I guess so he's gonna be the face and it
says believe in something even if it
means sacrificing everything now Colin
Kaepernick decided to you know make a
statement about police brutality by not
by kneeling during the national anthem
and a lot of people have a hard time
with it because everyone knows that
because they say it's disrespecting the
military and it disrespects the national
anthem and it disrespects the flag you
know with a flag and you know the flag
which is a symbol of freedom and liberty
and soldiers and everyone knows when
soldiers go over to fight in other
countries they're fighting for our right
to fall in line and shut our mouths I
mean wait a minute isn't that what
they're fighting for they're fighting
for us to shut up right mm-hmm
when when they go Steph when they go
over for well when a green beret goes
over there and they fight or a Navy SEAL
they're fighting for us to shut up and
fall in line right and not they're
specially for our right to vote for the
lesser of two evils that's right they're
fighting for that right and so that I
mean it's just it doesn't take much to
make a joke out of the people who are
upset with Colin Kaepernick doing it's
like that's the coolest thing in the
world that a guy who's a millionaire
celebrity sports person would give a
crap about people he doesn't even
personally know people who are targeted
by police brutality so that's pretty
cool and what is he sacrificing well he
sacrificed his career Theo he's not
being hired so now he has to sue the NFL
so he sacrificed the coolest thing in
the world a career in the NFL in his
prime that's what he's sacrificing and
just to remind everybody that he decided
he wanted to do something that was also
respectful so here feel this is what
where does that come from so why is he
kneeling people so I just want to break
it down he's kneeling because he got
together with
this guy who's a Greek green beret this
guy's named Nate Boyer and he told Colin
Kaepernick that kneeling would be a
respectful way to protest police
brutality he said it would be a
respectful way that's a green beret so
he was originally sitting for the
national anthem then he hooks up with
this guy who's a green beret Nate born a
boy or says a more respectful would be
kneeling so he's doing that on the
advice and counsel of a green beret and
again this is the United States and we
have police brutality we have an over
militarized out of control shoot first
ask questions later their Safety's more
important than your safety policing
culture in America and so Nate boy is
down with it he's a green beret and
let's remember where this all started
why did why does how did this even
become a controversy I mean who cuz I
remember when I grew up watching the NFL
they'd have the national anthem and then
the players would come out on the field
they weren't even out on the field but
that all changed in 2009 did you know
that this is a recent phenomenon so
we're in these endless wars and the Iraq
war everyone know was a lie and people
are dying for it and the guys who lied
us into it don't go to jail so people
aren't signing up for the military
there's only the most desperate people
now people who can't get a job and
people who can't afford college hey we
have an economy that makes good jobs
rare and college unbelievably expensive
ooh that's so there's gonna be a lot of
people falling into the so so so the
military decided to attract people to
sign up for their military remember we
don't have a draft because if we have it
if we had a draft these words would be
over tomorrow but since we don't have a
draft these Wars can go on and forever
which is what they are going on for but
they still having a hard time getting
people to sign up because it's such a
 sandwich of a job so they started
out doing this having the players come
out and that so the NFL is pay is
getting paid by the military
to promote signing up for military
service that's why when you go to a
football game it's more like a war rally
you get why is the military at the
football why the F is the military at a
goddamn football game
it's a goddamn football game it has
nothing to do with the military it has
nothing to do with our invading other
countries and occupying them and as the
football has nothing to do with that
nothing the reason why they're there is
to get young kids to sign up to go kill
other people because grown-up people
don't want to do it that's why that's
that's what this whole by the way did
here it is so let's remember NFL's
tangled ties with national anthem don't
run deep
the league's players began sharing the
field with the star-spangled banner only
since 2009 during a United States
military advertising campaign so the
military was given millions of dollars
to the NFL as an advertising campaign
they're advertising for people to come
join and be killers and get killed
that's what they're advertising and the
NFL said give us your money what else
you want no could you have the players
come out during the national anthem
that'll help get oh sure because I
didn't so this is all propaganda this is
this isn't really patriotism this is the
NFL taking money to run propaganda and
when Colin Kaepernick actually makes a
stand and does something real which
isn't propaganda he gets outed for it
he gets blackballed so I think it's
great that Colin Kaepernick is the face
of Nike now I have a lot of problems
with Nike but that's my that's my
problems with global capitalism global
capitalism involves taking good jobs in
the United States turning them into
crappy jobs meaning you take away the
Union you take away the good pay you
take away the benefits and then you ship
them to a poor people in a more
desperate situation in another country
that's global capitalism so that's what
Nike does so have a lot of problems with
that but this is good what they're doing
let me throw it over to my panel Steph
would
you think it's good uh you know Jimmy I
was just sitting here and I was thinking
about you know the NFL is getting paid
like you mentioned they were started
they started to get paid in 2009 to have
these players out there so what kind of
government do you what kind of
government what's it called when a
government is Robert propagandizing its
own people yes but then also vilifying
you if you're not in lockdown you're
pedestrian
run I see both sides of it wait a minute
your weight of an action waiter what's
my original question your original
question is it a good thing that Kong
Kaepernick's doing this oh that he's
dealing no no that he's working with
Nike oh okay oh I see what you're saying
I see both sides of that because let's
let's bring it back to do you think it's
oh so do you think it's so you think
it's a bad idea that he's the
spokesperson say I think it's a bad idea
I'm a little torn like I see the
perspective of it is Nike they are super
despicable not that they're the only
company doing despicable things
especially since we've had Jim keyd on
this show right he really lays it out
and if anyone's seen those videos
they're tough to watch it's tough to
listen to him talk about the stuff Nike
right so I do see that perspective the
other side of it though first of all
this is a big fu to the NFL and in a
really funny way and also he's taken
their money to hopefully do something
very positive with it so so he donates
but people don't realize even though
he's been blackballed he's still donated
over a million dollars during his time
that he's blackballed to needy people
yeah he made that commitment well then
after he was released from the NFL he
still fulfilled that commitment which is
outstanding yeah so I really think um
you know I was just thinking about how
you're like I you know I don't know how
I feel about certain things you know
about Nike right
but it's like how do you feel about when
you fill up your tank from BP how do you
feel about when you go to Starbucks
because they have prison mates secrets
or use an iPhone right I mean so
capitalism has exploited every employee
it seems right so like
doing this is pretty spectacular because
he is he has been completely shut out
from his career so here's the three so
here's the so here's what I think about
this so the first thing is that I was
problem like so Nike made a political a
make an economic calculation that they
would make more money doing this than
not they're not really making a stand
they're actually figured out that they
would make more money because I remember
Michael Jordan uses say they asked him
why is any way in on politics and he
would say hey Republicans buy Nikes too
that's what Michael Jordan used to say
so I think I want that my first reaction
was Oh Nike made a calculation that this
is gonna make them more money because if
this was gonna actually cost them money
there's no way Nike would do this right
so they've made a calculation that this
would cost that money which made this
seem less special to me
but then JQ germane a point to me and he
said yeah but you know what this means
this means that we win this means that
once capitalism once the money like the
reason why gay rights happened so
quickly was because the money was behind
that and that issue right so corporate
America was behind it because they had a
lot of valuable gay employees and they
wanted to they wanted to keep them and
help them happy and healthy and all that
stuff so and so Jay googors making the
point that now that Nikes behind it that
means that corporations are against
racism they're against police brutality
and that's what this means and so in a
sense this means that we've won that you
know there's way more people who are
gonna respond positively to to this
there's way more people that are gonna
respond positively to this than
negatively and Jake was making the case
that eighty percent of the youth is
progressive which I don't know about
those numbers I am NOT saying the wrong
I'm not saying the right I don't know
but um I mean I certainly don't know how
you track that right now right so he
said so his his thing is that no this is
a good sign because it means that it's
now economically feasible it's it's
better economically to not be racist
it's economically better to stand up
against police brutality and it's
economically better to stand up against
the NFL
so Nike you know they're bigger than the
NFL and so they're gonna who do you
thinks gonna win the NFL or Nike I think
Nike is gonna win what do you think do
you think like he's gonna win this so do
you think the NFL's gonna win no
absolutely and and the other fun part
too is that Nike really likes to be or
not the NFL really likes to kind of be
besties with Nike that's why this is a
particular you know fu to the NFL which
is really cool right but I feel a little
better if it was adidas instead yeah but
it wouldn't be as effective right he's
bigger right right well I mean it's
adidas any better of a corporation isn't
everybody except for New Balance I
thinks New Balance still make some of
those shoes in the United States but
let's get into some of the dumb
reactions so here's someone named Brit
Mick Henry do you know who this is I do
not either do I but she's got a blue
check and she tweeted out Colin
Kaepernick's made a guaranteed 39
million in the NFL now he's pocketing
more money in a Nike ad because he knelt
on a football field
that's sacrificing everything district
know what he sacrificed was his career
this wasn't a guarantee that he was
gonna get this he sacrificed his career
that's that's our that's everything his
whole livelihood that's what they mean
he doesn't have a contract in the NFL so
you're pretty so that's what we're
talking about and I appreciate you
pretending not to know what he's Accra
Feist it doesn't look shitty on you at
all that's a disrespectful to our
military members who disrespectful to
our military members who've truly
sacrificed everything again by the way
the national anthem and the flag isn't
just for people in the military it's for
me it's just as much a symbol for me as
it is for a military member and like Bob
Costas said why don't we only ever at
sporting events why don't we only ever
give tribute to military people there's
lots of people who contribute to our
society there's social workers there's
teachers there's firemen why don't we
ever represent why don't we ever give a
tribute to these people why are we
tending the only way you concern
well because the military-industrial
complex is paying advert for you to
think that that's why because it's
propaganda because they have to keep the
war going that's why people think that
that's why people equate the military
with the flag and the national anthem
and no one else with it
we're all equally a part of the United
States are all citizens so she says it's
disrespectful to our military members
well here's a general here's General
Wesley Clark and he says I don't see
kneeling as disrespect for our armed
forces or veterans it's a statement
about the discrimination prejudices and
injustice justice is that still age
American Society Nike and Kaepernick are
on the right side of history
hashtag taken knee so there's a general
so here's an here's a here's one of the
blondest people in America and here's a
general she's saying it's disrespectful
the general says it isn't I'm gonna have
to defer to her Jimmy I'm so I again I
don't understand so what you're upset
about Colin Kaepernick because he's
bringing attention to racism racist
policing in America so this is use
people who just like it touches their
lizard brain and it excites their racism
like they have a little you know in them
and then it just dismissed brings it out
why would you be upset at this this is a
disrespectful to the military there's a
general tell we all know it this is just
like a weird this is if you're upset at
Colin Kaepernick it's like this weird
kind of racism that you might not even
know that's what it is why are you upset
it's not disrespectful to the military
you know it's disrespectful to the
military turning a football game into a
war rally having to pay the NFL to do
propaganda on people who want to watch a
sporting event they're doing to recruit
17 16 17 and 18 year old boys to go
fight in illegal stupid Wars and get
killed and kill poor people than them
that's what that's what's disrespectful
to the military they're not about it's
again it's not a Department of Defense
it's a department of offense
we've been invading countries all over
the goddamn world when was the last time
we heard feinted 911 couple of guys with
box cutters flute guy Jackson Plains
with what after that before that I don't
know 1812 well I think it's important to
reiterate the 2009 thing as well because
you know a lot of people like to throw
that argument that I feel is a straw man
argument out there where it's like well
they can be told that they can't kneel
and they can be fun because technically
their employees freedom of speech
doesn't apply here and I'm like well
were they consulted when they were made
marketing rights for the military I
don't think so
hey by the way if they make you if they
play the national anthem at your work
and they make you stand and salute you
don't have to they don't have to that if
they play the national anthem at your
work and they make you stand in salute
you don't have to do that that's not
patriotism that's fascism that's what
they do in North Korea Jimmy I want to
add to what I think is actually
disrespecting our military is seeing
them become homeless you know let's talk
about a real issue that you should be up
in arms about is the amount of people
that have worked in our military who
have provided these services to defend
our country in these crazy Wars and when
they come back there's no safety net for
them there's no mental health services
for them there's no services for their
family there's no securing a home for
these people there's no securing
educational access for these people and
that's what really disrespect of our
military is about and also responding to
the blunt one of the blondest people in
America is Bernice King and what did she
say she said she said Brit Brit you know
Brit is the polanyi's person right here
she's the one who's pretending that he
didn't sacrifice anything and she's
pretending that it's disrespectful to
the military no matter how many military
people tell her it's not so Bernice King
said Colin is not protesting the anthem
because she had a tweet by the way she
deleted it this Brit the blonde Brit and
the tweet said it was disrespectful to
the national anthem will Collins she
says Colin is not protesting the anthem
but racism which continues to plague our
nation and world
my father was devoted to eradicating
racism and expressed concern about white
moderates who are more devoted to order
than to justice here I invite you to
study Martin Luther King at the King
Center I like that white moderates more
devoted to order than to justice and
that's what this is and here's some more
here's some more dumb takes on this then
standing and is a sign of honor and
respect those in a courtroom stand when
the judge or the jury enters or exits
the courtroom guests stand when the
bride walks down the aisle you stand
when you recite the pledge of allegiance
and you stand during the national anthem
that's somebody named dummy and then she
said so what you're saying is kneeling
to pray is disrespectful to God here's
my favorite here's the here's the people
burning their Nike shoes by the way I
heard I haven't seen her actual news
report but someone tweeted out that a
bunch of people are up at the emergency
rooms because they're burning their Nike
clothes without taking them off first I
don't know if that's true but here we go
these people are not geniuses here we go
I'm enjoy hell I might buy go buy some
adidas hmm you know how many other
sneakers are to buy to choose from the
air to go ahead you're gonna go ahead
and say hey buy our shoes we stand with
people who kneel for the national anthem
well sorry Nike Ivan there you go there
you go he's done he's burning his Nikes
so someone else said this is what this
is what you do when you can't find a
cross to burn
I liked his monologue there it was like
he either wasn't prepared or is the
slowest reader ever I'm not gonna stand
with people that are like hey you're
gonna yeah and for some reason his audio
got cut off at the end there's a little
bit more than I don't know what happened
but yeah it was funny he's big his big
pause it's like you're saying hey my my
so this is my favorite thing by the way
now about this so get this Nathan
Peterman this is the Buffalo Bills they
