so this I told you I got it a
subscription to The Wall Street Journal
right so I had to to get to read this
one article and then I started so I know
I'm in so now I start moseying around
The Wall Street Journal and they've got
you can't believe the they talk
about over there this is matter-of-fact
like did you know that the United States
has pressured all the European Union
countries that are in NATO to spend more
on their military did you know that no
yeah and they made them sign agreements
to spend more money on their
military and they have of their GDP
after like double their the amount of
them on their military that they're
spending out for per GDP pool here's a
story despite us push most NATO allies
fail to fulfill military spending goals
they have spending goals like hey what
do we need let's do that no they just
arbitrarily set a spending you better
start spending more in the military and
why do they have that because we make
fact your weapons that's why
even as European military outlays rise
the majority of allies won't meet the 2
percent of GDP benchmark officials say
because that's what we want them to
start spending 2 percent of their GDP
net amazing yeah that's a weird
benchmark to have fewer than half of
NATO's 29 members have made plans to
reach the Alliance's military spending
target according to Allied officials so
there's 29 nations in NATO and only half
of them around 14 or 15 have made plans
to reach the Alliance's military
spending why would that just sunk again
this is what they should be talking
about this is what people on leftie news
show should be screaming about our ramp
up of the military and that we should
ramp it down but they're not doing that
they're shaming Trump for not being more
muscular with Russia and Syria
they're attacking Trump from the right
on that which shows their own demise if
you're on the left and you do that
that's your lizard brain being excited
by Trump and turns you into an actual
right winger and you're unaware of it
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization
is expected to announce Tuesday that
European military
bending continues to rise but the
overall increase there is no war
happening right now well is there a war
going on of the Europeans need to get
what the
we're supposed to beat there's no colder
supposed to be no cold war we're
supposed to be having this peace time
and we're supposed to have a peace
dividend and now still NATO wants
everyone to spend more money on the
military the whole world's at
NATO except for Russia just a rainy day
fund right yes come on
US defense secretary Jim mattis will
address NATO defense ministers on
Wednesday in Brussels and is expected to
acknowledge the progress and increasing
spending but say more as expected oh
we've got we've made some progress on
military spending you should be doing
the opposite right now there's brexit
happening Greece is happening half the
country in the United States is
poor in poverty or low income we should
be spending that money on people and
here we are bragging and about the
positive that we're spending more on
military the exact opposite of what the
world needs now awesome and now you
wonder by what I say this is what they
talk about The Wall Street Journal no
but there's no critical sentence in
there about any of this that's what I
mean how they talk about stuff like I
don't give a at the urging of Trump
administration last spring NATO demanded
Allies submit spending plans by the end
of 2017 outlining how each country
planned to reach the 2% spending target
by 2024 so when Trump told you if you're
a trump voter and I know a lot of Trump
voters watch this show if you're a Trump
voter and you voted for him because he
said he was an anti interventionist and
he wanted to pull back well now you're
now you know how I felt when I voted for
Barack Obama and he said he wanted to
break up the banks and the wars I
thought a chump now you get to feel like
a chump for voting for Trump because
he's doing the exact opposite he's doing
the beating bidding of the
military-industrial complex doesn't give
a about you he doesn't give a
about your and II intervention he
doesn't give a about that a spend
money on a bomb it takes an away from
somebody here at home does it care so
now you're a chump if you voted for
trumpet here's one of the reasons many
reasons the tax bill would be another
there's another reason right there he's
pressuring Europe and other NATO
countries to ramp up military spending
you gotta be kidding as we ramp
it up here at home as we were it would
be one thing if he was doing that
because we're not gonna spend more money
on the know we're spending
unbelievable amounts more a NATO meeting
in May at a NATO meeting in May
President Donald Trump excoriated allies
for failing to spend enough on defense
did you know this since then he has said
money is pouring in and taken credit for
a spending turnaround so now everybody's
this is a good news that we're all
spending more money on bombs tanks and
missiles there's no way we have money
for college there were money that we
have no money for single-payer people
are hurting all over copy capitalism is
failing worldwide and they're bragging
about their bragging that we're spending
more money on bombs cops are killing
citizens at 1/8 okay in 2014 a no allies
agreed that all would move towards
spending two percent of gross domestic
deepy on defense over the ensuing decade
that gross US officials in
Washington have treated the two percent
as a hard commitment working some
diplomats at the alliance's Brussels
headquarters who insist the precise
pledge was only to make a good-faith
effort to increase spending NATO
officials said more allies are boosting
their equipment purchases so this is
like that letter that the d-triple-c
sent to the Democratic Congressional
Campaign people who are running as a
Democrat and further Congress in the
primary remember they sent Michael Tracy
revealed they sent a letter out to
everybody telling them that they had to
spend 75% of their revenue on all
tradition on TV ads and radio ads a
newspaper and then they gave him a list
of consultants that they had to go
through to buy that
stuff and it was all the people so
that's what this is so that's us saying
you better buy some more bombs
and that we're making is that what
this is is that what the sounds like
yeah you guys mmhmm yeah it's almost
like just a financial hostile situation
similar you have to spend your money
here similar you have to spend this on
military and I can't my brain around why
the United States is able to influence
all these countries so much as we're
blowing up the Middle East and that what
I can't understand is why is why you
won't see Rachel Maddow due to ten
nights on this or you won't see any
other lefty internet news show do
 five shows on this or you won't
see Chris hey screaming about this that
that's a hey what the is going on
no no they're all part of it they're all
part of it ally diplomats said under the
new plants 23 of the twenty-nine allies
will spend 20% or more of their defense
budget on military equipment not
spending it on health care for the
soldiers or pay for the soldiers or
retirement benefit for the soldiers or
food for the soldiers or health care for
the soldiers what they want them to make
sure they're gonna spend it on his
 equipment cuz that's a that
those those are the people who give us
the campaign donations and give us the
lobbying job they want us to buy
equipment and in the meantime there is a
humanitarian disaster in Yemen yeah of
course
we're doing siege warfare diplomat which
is a war crime diplomats from member
countries said according to preliminary
estimates NATO spending this year could
show the largest increase since the Cold
War this is considered success in the
Wall Street Journal and by our country
the diplomats said non US allies have
increased spending to about two hundred
and ninety nine billion last year up
forty six billion from the 2014 outlays
let me just tell you thirty billion
dollars would end world hunger am i
right just have thirty but isn't that
what we came up with the number they're
now spending an extra forty six billion
since 2014 we could have ended World
Hunger instead of doing what they're
doing twenty
million dollars would end homelessness
in the United States we're broke we
don't have any money
that's what that's what they'll tell you
how you gonna pay for free college how
you gonna pay for health care how you
gonna pay to end home are you just gonna
give how can they pay for universal
basic what be talking about
we gotta tax grad students we can't have
public broadcast and we gotta yeah it's
unreal European military spending is
dwarfed by US spending under the budget
agreement signed Friday the Pentagon's
budget will rise to seven hundred and
sixteen billion dollars next year
un-fuckin'-believable
allies are did you see that all the
other NATO countries only spend 300
billion US allies have increased
spending to about 300 billion last year
no non USA I'll say okay i reaiiy
misread that the diplomats said non-us
allies have been greased spending to
about 300 billion last year up 46
billion from their 2014 outlays okay so
i were corrected that european military
spending is dwarfed okay we just did
this allies are also placing the
laggards laggers meaning countries that
aren't spending enough on defense good
for those laggards that's what I say
like so I'm gonna guess maybe
Switzerland is one of those allies are
also placing the laggards in different
categories some countries such as Spain
and Portugal aren't set to reach the 2%
spending goal but have laid out plans
for substantial increases in spending
and and announced the intention to
acquire capabilities desired by NATO can
you believe this isn't this
disgusting
yeah we're not spending enough on bombs
yes but we promise we're going to what
the in the middle of economic
downturns in Spain and like that
we're not gonna spend it to help people
we're gonna spend it up bombs I promise
we're gonna have a bake sale we're gonna
have some fundraisers we're gonna make
this happen we're gonna get that bomb
money going
the Spanish plan to boost defense
spending by 80% or about 22 billion
moving from 0.9 percent to 1.6 percent
of GDP over the next seven years what is
right now
right that you needed 80% bump not that
 they're gonna they're gonna
increase their defense spending by 80%
that's at our behest by the way we're
making them do that this is not what
lefty news shows are talking about
Laurens right now lefty news shows are
telling you why it's a good deal that
the Democrats are over daca
Laurence Mortimer the spokesman for the
Belgian defence minister ministry said
it plans to increase spending from 9% of
GDP today to 1.3 percent by 2030
including new fighter jets Oh is that
fantastic
Belgium's gonna get new fighter jets
it's a political decision what is spent
on defense she said we had an agreement
on 1.3 percent if mattis tells us we
have to do more it will have to be a
political discussion if we are going to
do more and how okay so there you go
we're ramping up so what what Eisenhower
said he wasn't bullshitting
beware the undue influence of the
militant so this you see we're not going
on in humanitarian hey you better start
spending more money on education for
people or spending more money through
trained workers or spend more money on
your infrastructure or spend more money
on know what are some environmental
standards you have to spend so much
money on solar or wind no we're forcing
people to spend this money on palms so
there's no nobody cares about rebuilding
our infrastructure no and no one's
talking about you go to NBC you go to
CNN you go to MSNBC you go to lefty news
sites on the internet and they're
talking all about Trump it's good
somebody worked for him was a wife
beater and they're talking about Russia
ah so shame on you and now you wonder
why we got Trump you are you
proud of yourselves you have a
completely uninformed electorate people
have no idea why we're in Europe why
we're in Syria why we're in
Libya why were 17 years in Afghanistan
and people think were there to help
people that's a failure of our news
media you've completely failed that's
why we have a show and that's why
they're throttling our shows because
we're gonna tell you the truth
the shed we're not going to read a
critically print it and then attack
Trump from the right you know it would
be kind of funny if through all you
doing this they cancel your wall street
journal subscription we see some of your
videos most of our rehabs think this
shit's good and yeah we don't we don't
like what you're doing if you think that
news media coverage of trumps Russia
corruption is legitimate it's not it's
regular corruption like everybody else
and as Dylan Ratigan tells us so again
while the FBI director example gives
those with a partisan view against
Donald Trump and it's easy to be against
Donald Trump the obvious fuel that
suggests that he's a criminal who's a
terrible guy blah blah blah under
investigation probably true but if you
believe that then you probably also need
to consider that Hillary Clinton was
taking money through her foundation to
do weapons deals overseas while
personally enriching herself and that
Barack Obama is paid off by the private
health insurance companies in the banks
to make sure that we don't actually have
proper health care or a functioning
financial system it's hard to believe
one and not accept the other two so I
play that to show you that all this
attention being spent on Trump's
scandals is just that it's just
time being spent and it's they're all
corrupt and now we need to get back to
focusing on the military-industrial
complex and trying to rein that
in we if we cut the military-industrial
complex just by what they're adding we
could give everyone free college just by
what they're adding we get everyone free
college and wipe out student debt in ten
years we could do that just by what
they're adding to the military budget
right now but they're not going to tell
you that they're gonna talk about
Trump's computer got pinged and
 mother then
it's nothing to do with anything
because you're lizard brain got
pinged by Trump being president you know
Jimmy as a high chair when I was when I
was in the classroom and we would have
kids on campus who participate in ROTC
and they would be in uniform coming to
class and I am so glad I am not in the
classroom this year with all of this war
with all of this I I
you know I would meet with these kids
and they go yeah you know what I'm gonna
go ahead and join the military as soon
as I'm out of high school and I just I'm
saying how would you why why are you
joining the military
why why why is anybody joining the
military it's awful it's awful
well why because they have no take care
of our trim they don't take care of when
they come home yeah go ahead anyway so
the reason why I play this is to show
you that it's all a big charade what the
news is doing to you right now it's a
big charade and if people who are doing
it with good intent and the left
reporting Russia gate they're
mistaken and stop listening to them
they're poisoning your brain and
this is the truth right here what Dylan
Ratigan is telling you is the goddamn
truth and everybody pretending like
Trump is corrupt in a special way is
full of as they give him more
military they give him more
millet that's the real scandal
here the scandal is we just spent 140
billion extra dollars on the military
that's the scandal
you
