how everybody walked with a jimmy dore
show I'm here with Rob flick own a Jimmy
and there's a teacher strikes happening
all over the place so we showed you what
was happening and took Kentucky we
covered that right Leslie and West
Virginia had a successful teacher strike
and Michael Moore by the way got almost
a blip of coverage Michael Moore talked
about that and Bernie Sanders had his
income inequality Town Hall him Michael
Moore brings up the success of the West
Virginia teacher strike down 75 percent
women in this Union and they rose up and
I didn't see hardly anything in the
corporate media about this on any of the
networks even some of the networks that
we watch you know Russia turn the
channel what why it's like they're
talking about Rachel Maddow setlist
that's her show list right there Russia
Russia Russia stormy Daniels am I wrong
hmm yeah for for today and next week so
isn't it awesome that Michael Moore will
go on here and call out Rachel Maddow
and Chris Hayes but he won't go on
Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes and say
that when he's on Rachel Maddow and
Chris Hayes I would be nice I like
Michael Moore you know um I think he
does great work I think he knows what's
right and he often expresses it I will
be nice to see him really stand up
against neoliberalism and stop coddling
people at MSNBC The Washington Post the
New York Times and really call them out
because that's what has to happen we
have to have a real revolution Michael
because playing mr. nice guy I'm still
fun with the Democrats which is what he
does doesn't work look where we are
do you see how bad the country is you
see what's happening to Flint do you see
half the country's poor and so it's not
working this idea to be the good soldier
for the Democrats is not working so it'd
be nice if he went out and said stuff
but he has but cuz he's great Michael
boards great and he's effective
communicator and he has the right ideas
and I just want him to have to share
those right ideas
in the right places so here we go you
know whoever else all the shiny keys to
distract us that's what goes on in the
media all the other things that we they
talk about and we should be seeing this
this we should see we should know about
the West Virginia teacher strike in the
victory what did the inspiration that
would be around the country if they if
you saw people in West Virginia do this
they haven't had a strike like this in
forever and it's they don't show this
Bernie because what would happen if they
did what would happen in its own hole
conservative
read State Teachers stood up and fought
back and won well what would happen is
you'd see more of this Oklahoma teachers
women are now the ones on the front
lines in the war against neoliberalism
and there they are that you'd see a lot
more of this so here's a news report at
about that what's happening with the
teachers in Oklahoma Oklahoma today
teachers normally at the head of the
class are walking out of it from West
Virginia to Arizona to Kentucky
thousands of educators have protested
low pay and inadequate school funding
you live month-to-month for that pay
check
amber Spradlin teaches sixth-grade
English in a suburb of Oklahoma City
she's been a teacher for 13 years and
makes about $34,000 which I don't know
if he noticed what she's doing she's
taping together books that are so old
they're falling apart books their
science books too that's yeah that's not
even when she teaches that's art that's
art that this is neoliberalism it's a
small race every year which is about an
additional hundred dollars so wait you
get an extra $100 a year yes that's your
race
that's our race and that nice in that
great here's one more news report about
it making their voices heard hundreds of
teachers crammed inside the Oklahoma
State
for a second day here for our kids
they're there for the kids you're like
wait a minute though first of all those
teachers they're money-grubbers am i
right they just want more money
ah no what they're literally striking
for is that yes they want they need us
to be brought up to it a standard of
living themselves but they're striking
for funding for the classroom for books
for chairs for desks for supplies for
heat in the building and they're
striking so that other people who are
supports that work in the cafeterias
janitor stuff they also get a living
wage that's what this is all about it's
not just for the teachers they are now
striking because they're defunding
education Oklahoma's at a four-day
school week because they don't have any
money in the richest country in the
world for school walking off their jobs
to press lawmakers for more money the
governor signed off on laws granting
educators 15 to 18 percent higher
salaries but for some who haven't seen a
pay raise in ten years they say that's
not good enough
Oklahoma's three largest school
districts remain closed Tuesday to honor
the out husband and wife teachers Jay
and Andrea Thomas say they work side
jobs so this is a good report in a sense
because it's gonna highlight something
that no one else is highlighting right
now this is the AP highlighting teachers
who have to work second and third jobs
just to pay their bills but he missed
the whole big part about what they're
really striking for they offered him a
50% raise a teacher said that wasn't
enough no they said that wasn't enough
because it doesn't fund the actual
school buildings the school supplies and
their support staff and they meant they
left that out so I'll put it in okay
here we go sometimes at the end of the
month we're like oh gosh we have nothing
and you know it's a it's a way to
provide for a family Jay doing whatever
he can for extra cash my sign says I
have to leave early so I can sell my
plasma you
got to have that extra funding he's not
kidding
I probably shouldn't turn here because
Tulsa teacher Charla Clark does food
delivery to shore up her finances now
I'm trying to finish kinda get my
mortgage paid for this month teacher
Jennifer Roop it's two extra side jobs
the first cleaning her own school after
it's awesome right
Wow and no one in that state gives a
 about the education quality of
their I don't get they all get to vote
everyone there gets to vote but again
maybe we have this in clear media there
may be because of the Telecommunications
Act nobody gets up so they're all told
that these teachers are money-grubbers
well every day I vacuum as part of extra
pay the second in retail I wasn't able
to go to the Capitol because I have to
work three total jobs to pay the bills
the governor has responded saying the
state's budget is tight and other
programs need money too but Oklahoma
Democrats counter that there are bills
pending in the Statehouse that could
generate an additional 100 million
dollars a year in school funding the
state's largest teachers union has not
said when the demonstrations will end
John Mona Singh make why is that
something the teacher has three jobs now
the problem is a lot of people in
America think that's fantastic who would
that beat the people who lead our
country here's George Bush being
confronted with that same situation
situation here you want to replay this
because it's too low right in that you
don't have to work it's too low in the
room in that you don't have to worry
that's good because I work three jobs
and I feel like in that you don't have
to worry that's good because I work
three jobs and I feel like I contribute
you works three jobs three jobs yes
uniquely American in it I mean that is
fantastic that your
doing that fantastic it's fantastic
that's how we feel about that's how we
feel in America that's fantastic
you have to work three jobs just to keep
a roof over your head in that fantastic
that you're doing that uniquely American
uniquely what you can pull off when you
demonize the idea of a minimum wage
uniquely American uniquely yeah you know
when you should not working people
here's a picture of the books that they
have in an Oklahoma class look at the
books like they're not embarrass people
weren't embarrassed about this Oklahoma
Legislature depicted tear parents in
Oklahoma are nubs of embarrassed about
this we're spending 80 billion dollars a
year extra on bombs that was sherrod
Jane Scarberry a ninth grade teacher at
Oklahoma's hevener High School shared
this photo of English textbooks at her
school there's the English textbooks
that's what they look like here's
another one that's one of the reasons
it's not over yet meaning the Oklahoma
strike this is a textbook from my
daughter's class it's a history book and
the current president in it is George W
Bush we can do better Oklahoma that's
that's that's the book you hand your kid
in the United States of America like
what well what kind of third-world
country are we in do they maybe we
should get lawrence o'donnell to do a
thing about getting books for kids in
america cuz he doesn't forget desks for
kids in africa we need books for kids in
america class turn to page 200 excuse me
teacher I don't have page 200 because my
spine collapsed on this book years ago
it fell out at some point so the
governor of Oklahoma says this governor
mary Fallon signed a measure giving
teachers a $6,100 pay raise and then
compared their demand for more education
funding to quote a teenage kid that
wants a better car
teachers want more she told CBS news on
Tuesday referring to teachers rallying
for higher teacher and support staff
raises as well as increased funding for
education so this isn't just about
teacher pay but it's like but it's like
kind of having a teenage kid that wants
a better car and if that woman is able
to get reelected it shows you how broken
our political system is I don't know I
see some merits to her analogy though I
mean I remember when I was a kid and I
was in school we always were talking
about which one of us Scott to borrow
the nicest history book from our parents
ha ha ha
and then the big thing was what a
history book are you gonna take to your
prom yeah it's a big thing we had super
big so here's a little bit more
background that you don't know about how
horrible Oklahoma is Oklahoma's teachers
are rebelling against a decade of tax
cuts that triggered deep cuts in
education spending forcing about 20% of
public schools to switch to a four-day
week schedule and pushing average
teacher salaries to the rank of 49th in
the country teachers haven't gotten a
raise in Oklahoma in ten years the
education funding crisis in Oklahoma is
so severe that the state is struggling
to find and keep qualified teachers in
fact about a quarter of Oklahoma City's
teachers leave every year and the state
had to issue a record number of
emergency teaching certificates 1917 for
the current school year a growing number
of students in Oklahoma don't have
properly certified teachers Wow this is
neoliberalism this is tax cuts create
jobs tax cuts creating a booming economy
tax cuts are gonna help you that's what
this is nearly 200 of the state's 550
school districts remain closed according
to a tally on the Oklahoma teacher
walkout Facebook group an estimated
30,000 teachers and educators had
gathered at the Capitol on Monday joined
by hundreds of state employees
Homa is still dealing with a budget
crisis after lawmakers last business
taxes and top income tax rates year
after year that's supposed to make your
economy boom it's supposed to fix all
the problems tax cuts give people more
money in their pocket and they spun
around went into effect in 2009 a tax
cut round went into effect in 2009 then
taxes were lowered further in 2012 and
again in 2014 the tax cuts were supposed
to lead to an economic boom but instead
they triggered a massive budget gap of
about 1.5 billion each year so if you're
one of the people who watch this show
who thinks tax cuts equal jobs this is
another piece of the evidence that
disputes that so if you think that and
you're an actually open-minded thinking
person you're supposed to change your
mind when the evidence changes the
evidence has changed tax cuts don't
create if if tax cuts created better
economies and we would be living in the
most booming but we're not but by the
way Wall Street's booming but not for
the people okay teachers are demanding
that state legislators come up with 3.3
billion dollars over the next three
years for school funding benefits and
pay raises for all public employees
Monday lawmakers didn't give an inch and
that made the teachers even angrier so
that's when they showed up and they
occupied the complete Statehouse in
Oklahoma and the state legislators
instead of trying to pass a bill to help
them sent sent all their legislative
aides home for safety because the
teachers were there you know how violent
teachers are the group asked for a ten
thousand dollar average pay raise for
teachers over three years six thousand
in the first year and then two thousand
for each of the following two years in
2016 a six thousand dollar average raise
would have been enough to push Oklahoma
from 49 to 28th and teacher pay but they
didn't get it okay that did happen
there's still 49th Oklahoma teachers are
also asking for a seven thousand dollar
raise for school supports
so it's not just them raises for all
state employees and 200 million dollars
in school funding a 5% cost-of-living
pension adjustment for retired teachers
and more funding for their health care
plans so the teachers you know the ones
who make everything possible in our
society they train the workers they
train the people getting them ready to
go be workers the ones who are important
we're not taking care of them and
they're like hey you have to start
paying us like we actually matter you
have to get us out of poverty I
shouldn't have to sell my plasma when
I'm conforming a really important job
but they would tell you a really
important job is a Wall Street guy
that's really important the teachers
demands add up to three point that money
Oklahoma doesn't have on hand the state
would needs to raise taxes many
politicians in Oklahoma City resisted
giving in to the teachers list of
demands but felt the pressure to do
something in recent weeks lawmakers have
proposed a handful of bills one win
average teacher pay about 5,000 but it
didn't include more funding for schools
or anything else that bill passed but
not the bill to raise cigarette and oil
taxes to pay for it the latest bill
which the governor signed into law last
week is the most generous yet but the
447 million it would bring is still far
too little teachers have rejected that
proposal - on Tuesday teachers seem
determined to stay out of class as long
as it takes to get lawmakers to take
action but doing so will be harder for
some teachers than others while dozens
of school districts including Oklahoma
City schools have shut down indefinitely
in support of the strike others have not
teachers who work at schools that remain
open are using sick days or personal
days to participate in the walkout and
others are paying substitute teachers
from their own pockets wow that's the
United States richest country in the
world richest country in the world and
I'm glad we have a teacher here on panel
to talk about it oh no she's busy okay
I'm sure Stefon want to talk about this
but she's busy okay so there you go
that's the story
again our teachers again this is the you
want a pony oh you want you actually
want to have books you guys want it
that's that sounds like Hillary Clinton
the governor of Oklahoma
you guys want a new car that's her
saying oh you want a pony yeah and the
teachers you know that they were willing
to meet them for the most part on the
salary but they weren't able to meet
them on the other stuff the classrooms
and and the other workers and so forth
and just like teenagers I mean you know
how teenagers are teenagers are like I
don't want a car unless everyone in the
neighborhood gets a car two teenagers
are right teenagers kkona their parents
hey it's not fair that other kids don't
have what I have that you know how to
you know teach Zach you know kids do
that all the time I take my keys I'm not
driving this thing all right so as
Michael Moore said I'm sure MSNBC's all
over the story in the right way I bet I
bet they are and you know what I say I
say thank god they're not because then
we get to have a show but I'd rather be
telling jokes I'd rather be touring and
doing comedy now we do theaters but we
still do clubs sometimes we do flappers
I'd still rather be touring doing comedy
and talking about this face to face with
people because that's what's really fun
I mean this is fun to kind of but it's
not really fun it doesn't even compare
in fact so yeah so I would it would be I
would like to see Rachel battle chris
hayes and lawrence o'donnell cover this
correctly i would like to see that make
this the top story every day because
this is what would change America not
Russia
Russia didn't do that Russia didn't
defund the schools in Oklahoma Russia
didn't make teachers have to papal
getting sell their plasma Russia didn't
make him go to a four-day Work school
week you know who did that the calls
coming from inside the house we're doing
that to ourselves and people who want
you to think about Russia like they're a
problem in your life are
propagandists and you should stop
listening to them June 30th is our next
show live show it's gonna be in Portland
Oregon there's a link for tickets under
there if you can help support the show
by
coming up H when we give you hours of
bonus material every week and please
make sure you make sure you're
subscribed it only takes a second you
probably think you're subscribed you're
probably not and then click that bell so
they send you a notice when we drop a
video they won't send you a notice
unless you click that bell plus we're on
steam it whatever that is we're steaming
it right now
[Music]
