the whole culture is hair on fire
screaming about Russia Russia Russia
Russia no as I've told people Russia
didn't make fifty percent of the country
poor low-income Russia didn't make 63
percent of the country unable to afford
a thousand dollar emergency Russia
didn't make us have unaffordable college
and people buried under mountains of
debt Russia didn't make the banks kick
5.1 million people out of their houses
Russia didn't put us into eight wars
with seven hundred billion dollars a
year going to our war machine at the
same time we can't get clean water in
Flint Russia didn't poison our water in
Flint Russia has it didn't frack our
country we've done all this stuff to
ourself okay Russia didn't stop us from
Barack Obama from implementing a public
option when he could have let the snap
of a finger you know who did that his
donors Russia didn't stop us from having
a public option Barack Obama did we do
the worst stuff to ourselves and so this
that's why everybody running around
screaming about Russia at the at the vet
the best is a distraction at at its
worst it's it's come wrecking us and
giving us ready for four more years to
trump and right-wing governments and the
Democrats keep going along with the
goddamn Republicans by the way so we're
gonna will drop a video we talked about
it at the live show the Democrats just
went along with the 708 billion dollar
military budget just like that one
morning the Trump asked for Democrats go
right along with it
they run along with the Bank
deregulation they're gonna vote for the
supreme court pics and all they're
talking about is Russia Russia Russia
Russia he's a Russian I mean you saw
Rachel Maddow you've seen her show
you've seen that everything you've seen
journalists refer to sitting senators as
traitors because they have a different
view of Russia gate people have lost
their minds over this pretending that
Russia had anything to do in their own
indictments Rosenstein will say and
Muller will say this has nothing on the
election
and guess what
Gallup just did a poll and you want to
know all this non-stop Russia baiting
has done you know what it's done to the
American people well it turns out less
than one percent believe Russia is a
problem all that red-baiting
all that Russia Russia Russia non-stop
hours and hours and hours of Russia
Russia Russia and Rachel Maddow and on
every show uh we'll remember the last
time we looked at that Harvard study
that said it was at six percent so that
means like all the repetition has I mean
it was dismal enough at six percent I
mean it was it was ridiculous beyond
comprehension then now it's just beyond
a parody of itself I can't even put it
into words it is and people on the Left
red-baiting other people for being
skeptical of this it's that it's brought
out the worst in people just like
Hillary Clinton and the course course is
a manufacturer this is manufactured by
the Clinton campaign and if you if you
don't think the Clinton campaign has an
influence with their media you need to
read WikiLeaks and then listen to Ed
Schultz his last interview he did where
he told you that they told you what they
can report and what they can one of the
things they weren't allowed to report on
at MSNBC was Bernie Sanders campaign and
one of the things they were supposed to
report on what was Donald Trump's
campaign they were told to cover Donald
Trump they were told to not cover Bernie
Sanders and that was because the
according to Ed Schultz that the Clinton
campaign and the head of NBC News were
joined at the hip and if you read
WikiLeaks that was their whole plan
elevate Donald Trump and a cat and of
course those people at MSNBC then wag
their finger at Susan Sarandon and
anybody in Jill Stein and anybody else
with no money and no power except
themselves you know when you point the
finger of three pointing back at you
takes absolutely no guts and courage to
do what people like Rachel Maddow and
Chris Hayes do on a nightly basis what
they're doing is going along with the
corporate State for money and influence
and popularity
what you're supposed to do is what Ed
Schultz done did he stood up to that
what Phil Donahue did he stood up to
that what Ashleigh Banfield did you
stand up to that stuff that's what
you're supposed to do and they're not
and right now they're pushing a Red
Scare which I know they know to be
 they're not they're not that
dumb Ron do you think that Rachel Maddow
actually believes what she says when she
pushes that stuff no I don't I don't
think you don't think that Rachel Maddow
doesn't understand what net neutrality
is yeah I don't believe any of that
stuff I think they are they are
willingly just going along with this I
think she likes her number one spot and
I think she's also smart enough to know
that getting that number one spot means
you're catnip for whatever's in the
White House opposing whatever's in the
White House so Sean Hannity was number
one when Obama was in the White House
she's number one now the Trump's in the
White House she saw an opportunity she
went for it but you know what I see this
number like 1% of people even care about
Russia mm-hmm and those people are all
in the 1% by the way right that's also
right I just want to add to the whole
thing of you know what I'm most
concerned of that we're in endless wars
yes does that come up in these polls
that's what endless wars so here's
something that the intercept put
together and here's the question no it's
the new president gonna take those
troops out in Russia Russian Russia
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia of
whether or not Russia had help whether
they had Confederates inside the Trump
campaign when they launched this attack
but every day every day I leave my show
and I think I'm gonna be talking about
something else but every day over the
course of the news cycle a new piece of
it falls in place we're about to find
out if the new president of our country
is going to do what Russia wants if the
presidency is effectively a Russian op
right if the American presidency right
now is the product of collusion between
the Russian intelligence services
American campaign I mean that is so
profoundly big this is not part of
American politics this is not you know
partisan warfare between Republicans and
Democrats this is international warfare
against our country so do you know now
why those people who watch your show
sound like such maniacs mm-hmm now you
know and but do you also know that that
do you also know that less than 1% your
own her own goddamn audience mm-hmm
that means that even they're not
thinking that it's a big problem
and again two years into this
investigation bill Binney told us it
will never be proven because he did the
analysis of the data and there it
couldn't have been to hack it had to be
a leak bill Binney who was the top code
breaker and the smartest guy to ever
work at the NSA everyone there Revere's
him and and he's a whistleblower and he
started VIPs veteran intelligence
professionals for sanity which debunked
the weapons of mass destruction WMDs lie
in real time and they're doing it again
in real time except no one's talking
about them people like me have up have
bill Binney on our show Rachel Maddow
doesn't have them on Chris Hayes doesn't
have him on nobody at CNN as I'm on
Washington Post won't interview him only
they'll only do it to try to discredit
him because the government says so they
tried to frame bill Binney and put him
in jail except he outsmarted the FBI so
that's how smart he is so and here we
are so that that and here's the poll you
want to see some more from the poll less
than 1% of Americans consider the
situation with Russia a top problem for
the United States according to a Gallup
poll now you cannot believe polls so
they could be off but I don't think
they're off 1% so let's say that you
think they're off let's say it's off by
I don't know 50% that would mean it's 2%
or a hundred percent I'm not good with
numbers you know what I'm saying let's
say that's double
number two percent let's quadruple that
go to four four percent if you quit
let's say they're off by quadruple let's
say they're off by ten times and it's
just ten percent still an infinitesimal
small percentage of Americans more more
Americans believe in UFOs gonna come
take us to another planet and you know
what I wish they did in this in
particular I wish I did that Harvard
thing that we covered I think was about
a year ago at this point but that said
the six percent they also did another
subsequent thing where they measured how
much the corporate media talked about it
on average and Russia was at like 74
something like that I wish that would be
in here because I've been feeling that
number is higher than 75 right now I bet
take a guess
I bet and none of those people in the
establishment media or in the
independent media who have been pushing
this are embarrassed in fact i kyle
kolinsky told me he saw a show that
pushes russia gate actually used this
poll to validate their russia gate
really i don't know how you do that i
haven't seen the video he told me 1%
care so more people need to know about
it we haven't talked about it enough
so here the number of americans who
consider russia to be the biggest
problem facing has not surpassed one
percent in any of the past seven months
is that unbelievable kind of a little
bit just because of how heavily it's
amplified mind-blowing this poll while
major news outlets have relentlessly
pushed the Russian interference
narrative for nearly two years Americans
remain overwhelmingly more concerned
about domestic issues with concerns
about immigration and the government
topping the list of the biggest problems
stories surrounding the allegation that
Trump campaign associates colluded with
Russia have saturated media coverage
since the president was elected to date
no evidence or indictment sustaining
that allegation that surfaced if you
need any more evidence that what MSNBC
is doing is not news and what CNN is
doing is not news and is in fact just PR
agencies I mean what more do you need
what war 20%
viewers care about what you're basing
your entire programming around 1% the
lack of proof and the negligible concern
from Americans on the Russia issue may
be contributing to President Donald
Trump's resilience in presidential
approval polls so just like we said this
is the wrong way to defeat Trump calling
him names
having rallies at our pointless wearing
vagina hats and and pushing Russia and
saying he's a Manchurian Candidate and a
traitor and he's in collusion with
that's a way to lose the election that's
the way to keep losing to trump we've
said this in real time and here they are
doing it again and here's the proof
Donald Trump well there's his approval
rating in 2018 Trump's approval rating
had tracked closely to that of President
Barack Obama during his first term
according to Rasmussen Reports the
pollster that was most accurate and
predicting the outcome of the 2016
presidential election the survey
conducted last week as Trump concluded
an international trip by meeting with
Russian President Vladimir Putin in
Helsinki showed those controversies
haven't yet harmed Trump's overall
popularity but so first of all the
front-- thing about that Helsinki
meeting was because he just said that he
didn't buy the American intelligence
agencies assessment of Russia hacking
and he didn't believe them and I was
like oh he's a traitor cuz he doesn't
believe our intelligence could be our
intelligence community is not the face
of the United States the president is
that's how aft up this whole thing is
really the intelligence community so and
by the way and all that crazy hysteria
that they created over that it hasn't
it's helped Trump I told you guys the
45% who approved of his job performance
compared with 52% who disapproved
represented a slight uptick since June
[Music]
that brings Trump's popularity more in
line with those of his oval office
predecessors after he recorded his
or clothes for a new president in 2017
one major asset by 50% to 34% voters
approve of Trump's handling of the
strong economy and why because the
Democrats have absolutely no counter
program to Trump none we do story after
story of how the Democrats are going
along with Trump how they went along
with Trump to deregulate Wall Street how
they go along with Trump's war budget
even giving it more than he asked for
this is against what what the Democratic
voters wants going along with Trump they
offered to build the wall forum for F
sake there they're going along with him
and confirming his two Supreme Court
justices Chuck Schumer is not gonna whip
the vote on that again this is it's it's
more of having it should be more
apparent than ever while we have Trump
the Democratic Party is collapsing they
can't beat Trump talk about an
existencial II I mean what does that
tell you about a party that you're
losing to trump I don't I don't even
know what to say so there it is no one
gives a crap about Russia gate and no
one and Trump's approval ratings
stronger than ever
way to go Democrats have no but have not
nothing that we'll have to offer people
see how that works keep going keep
pushing Russia
keep pushing a better deal not a new
deal not every college single-payer
medicare-for-all and the wart note not
just a better deal slightly better we
think we don't even know what's in it
yet it might be well my favorite
whenever like like whenever on Twitter
like I'll bring up how you know the
Democrats are just Russia Russia Russia
and stuff people are like well the
they're not doing anything about any of
the other stuff because they're not in
power they're not like so they just I'm
like okay so they just can't do anything
when they can't come up with alternative
policies when that then just why are we
paying them why are they employed right
now they should just stay home by that
logic what they should just not be there
and Jen right so why did I even show it
why do they have a job then
so if you know so if you don't have
control the Senate the why even show up
yeah yeah you don't have a majority in
either house the white wire even why
we've been voting for you right yeah
yeah I guess they should just sit out
until the next election I mean by that
logic well yeah
which they are doing but they are doing
in their own way yeah we talked about
this all all the time it's by design
that they're not doing anything for us
it's all by design you think Nancy
Pelosi gets to have this position all
these years because they like what she
stands for or that she delivers all the
money into the DNC so it's like who's
representing us
[Music]
