hi everybody walk with Jimmy Dorsey oh
I'm here with the miserable liberal and
hilarious comedian Dave Raddatz
hey Dave hello Jimmy hi Jimmy hi
everybody so I I can't believe this is
still happening it's actually rampant
wrapping up ramping wrapping ramping up
what I mean is the people who are
pretending that everything was
hunky-dory and then we got Trump okay
okay for instance our hairs of the
Economist America waves goodbye to
values and hello to thugs dictators and
strongmen Americans foreign policy :
embraced thugs dictators and strongmen
past presidents believe the American
power should be used as a force for good
in the world not Donald Trump has there
a war has there what ha ha ha it has
there been a strong-arm dictator we
haven't backed the United States we suck
we supported the South Africans
apartheid state for F sake we overthrew
the democratically elected government in
Iran and him and we installed the Shah
an unbelievably repressive dictator we
did that we're in bed with Saudi Arabia
the most repressive theocracy in the
world we're doing that what the eff
we're Bobby we bobbed over a thousand
civilians in March alone of this year
are you kidding me
we're bobbing the out of the world
were in bed with every strong armed
dictator we can find what are you
talking about now we're gonna go with
thugs what did you know that the Clinton
fountain didn't gave 20% of our uranium
production to the Russians the thug
government and Bill Clinton pocketed 500
grand personally and the Clinton
Foundation got a one hundred and forty
five million dollars doing their deal
with Russia I put that but that doesn't
count as stuck dealing I guess he wasn't
a thug then Putin right he just became a
thug recently is that what hap
and you know how George W Bush was such
a friend other nations
I remembered like watching them like do
we have any kind of foreign policy with
anybody in the world that doesn't mean
that we're gonna go and invade you if
you don't do things our way do you
remember how many people hated Bush when
he was in office and how they never had
any kind of regular meeting with anybody
except Tony Blair and seem like only
Tony Blair was the only person in the
world leader that was gonna talk to him
this is so symbolic just of kind of the
the Trump change in other words like you
know Trump isn't smooth and Trump Trump
has you know dinner with Duarte right
you know he'll have dinner with the
strongroom where Obama might say
something you know oh that's not good
and they do not have dinner with him
that's the only difference he still
didn't do anything to get him out of
power didn't do anything to change any
Brock Obama we are the thugs where are
you kidding me Oh Jerome Bob's 90% of
the people kill the Joe Bob's are
civilians we're doing that we invited
Iraq we set the Middle East on fire we
did the same thing in Libya turned it
into a a failed state a haven for
terrorists now they're doing slave
trading it's happening in Libya they had
genocides of black people in Libya
because of what we did now look what
happened in Syria we did all that and
Syria we ran out of bombs in the Middle
East we're still have a torture facility
in Cuba we're still doing it into black
ops sites all around the world we're
still in Afghanistan 17 16 years later
we're the biggest thug the goddamn hey
if you want to end terrorism as Chomsky
says stop participating in it we're the
world's biggest terrorists that that's
there's no doubt about that
al Qaeda has couldn't hold a candle to
our kill rate in Iraq alone so this is
just again this is why we got trump this
is the horrible media look how horrible
they are that's why I have a show this
is the car I mean and people it's just
so funny when people take swipes at us
this YouTube show for not being good
enough journalists or for making a
mistake which we didn't but this is a
little this is this is just what they do
it there was someone who accused me
there so the whole media
right now is pushing a conspiracy theory
of the Russian narrative which the
russians hacked in they somehow had to
collude with donald trump to do it they
had to do all this other stuff that that
is a conspiracy theory with no evidence
there's no evidence because if they had
the evidence they would have shown it
there's no evidence to that conspiracy
theory someone literally said i was a
conspiracy theorist or smearing me on
the internet
he said jimmy's a conspiracy theorist if
someone said what's your proof and they
go he doesn't believe russia hacked our
election that's the opposite of a
conspiracy theorist i don't believe in a
conspiracy theory of russia hacking the
election because that's what it is right
now there is no proof so this is why we
got trump all right because our hope you
remember i love this
past presidents believe the american
power should be used as a force for good
remember how nixon and kissinger brought
that force for good and their illegal
cambodian bombing campaign remember how
they killed three million southeast
asians
remember that how that what a good based
up by the way on a false flag the Tawfik
 gulf of tonkin incident then it was
a false flag so we could go into vietnam
they don't believe it's a force for good
that's how they justify doing it but
what they what they have wrong is the
definition of good Reed Reed General
Smedley Butler swore is a racket every
time he went out as a Marine to fight
for the United States he was there at
the behest of an American corporation to
steal the natural resources from
indigenous people and give it to
American corporation that's what we do
we're the terrorists
so where are the thugs we're the
strongmen and if there's another one out
there in the world we can't wait to team
up with them what the kind of
 is this so when when Obama was
using drones to kill people those drones
were pretty much just hello bombs yes
those were friendly hello bombs the
whole idea that we're waving goodbye to
our values oh my god I mean how many
crimes against humanity have we
committed since this century began I
mean how many countries do we need to
invade and how many news anchors like
Brian Williams has to cream in his pants
over the BU
and magnificence of bombs yeah I mean
the Republican candidates all campaigned
on blowing up the terrace blowing up
their family literally deal as long as
were there steal the oil you know what I
mean why mug somebody if you're not
gonna take their wall and it sends just
an exercise in futility yep
the economists of all people I mean you
know what does this have to do with
economic report encountered anything but
of an exaggeration don't you think first
comment and then here's this guy Mike
Javed I guess he's a musician who's got
a big mouth now he discovered a politics
when Trump got elected he has no idea
what he's talking about ever and he's a
disingenuous debater by the way I found
that out on Twitter he goes one great
thing about Obama was that he wasn't
corrupt how dumb are you
he's right now on a corruption tour
coming back to giving speeches to equity
firms and banks at half a billion
dollars a pop they're doing that because
they just want to help them cuz they
really like Obama cuz it's not a payoff
what the is wrong with people
go ahead no you can tell he wasn't
corrupt by the fact that he you know he
prosecuted all those bankers rescue one
piggy two wars the seven you know you
can tell he's not corrupt because of all
the there's no corruption to be seen
that there's no corruption no he cuz and
the people he hired weren't corrupt
either and they didn't always succeed
but they tried to make the world safer
and more just for the people they'd
never even met they set the
mideast on fire brock obama did libya
Barack Obama did Syria what are you
talking about
are you sure this is not satire that
this person is right II it's awful if
the people he hired weren't corrupt whoa
did you know that Jim Messina was one of
his top advisors in the Obama White
House you know his job was to make sure
there wasn't a public option in the
health care bill and you know what
Messina did after the White House he
just went to work against Jeremy Corbyn
in England to wreck a make Theresa Mayes
campaign that's what the Barack Obama
White House these people who just want
to make the world better are doing
through over there working for
conservatives that are screwing over
people
so his Secretary of State
Clinton she's not corrupt she's wasn't
corrupt I guess okay she wasn't corrupt
that secretary state wasn't corrupt that
hundred and forty by the way there was
no stories we're gonna do another video
on it I just wanted to give you a heads
up those stories that you see Shep Smith
or joy and read oh this uranium one has
been debunked it has not been debunked
the Kremlin Bank gave a half a million
dollars to Bill Clinton why you tell me
why that happened that's how you do
bumpkin they also got a hundred and
forty five million dollars into the
Clinton Foundation from a bunch of
people were being investigated for
corruption law money laundering and
kickbacks around plutonium they gave him
one hundred and forty five million
dollars because they want to help people
this has not been debunked so we're
doing a whole another video on that but
I just want to get that out then here's
this guy Mike Gillette goes it's
striking how quickly we've changed since
Obama we're exactly the same this very
basic equation of competence plus good
intentions for others is absent in the
trip what what kind of fair fairy land
Eve does this guy what a dude hey Mike
did you know gullible isn't in the
dictionary but that's that's what you're
fighting you know what I mean that's
what you're fighting in American culture
is that that you know I'm fifty right
and and I'm of that age where I grew up
watching the movies and America is good
and despite the fact that I'm from a
progressive family I get it that it's
all I still harbor these
internal feelings of American we're good
we're good
you know we're not and and and
I'm aware that I have to fight that
stereotype and that cultural pressure
you know do you know what that is just
like it's it's oh no we are because we
want to be good right cuz I'm a good
person you're a good person I want our
country to be good and doing good things
but I'm aware that we're not we
have a thousand military installations
around the world that's so we can do
good things like Russia that mean
nothing at the same time we're funneling
our money our tax dollars into you know
into into oppressing Yemen
yes we're bombing Yemen the poorest and
Barack Obama started that by the way
that didn't start under Trump that
started under Barack Obama and here so
just as this is this is how uncorrupt
Barack Obama was hey with the second
term assured Obama's aides I jobs as
lobbyists on K Street fantastic David
Sirota was the one who caught this by
the
and here's another Barack Obama here's
why Obama is approving Arctic drilling
again why do you think he did that cuz
he thought it was a really good idea or
is because he's completely corrupted by
cash from the oil and fossil fuel
industries why do you think he's doing
that because he thought it was a good
idea really for a leader who has met the
sub-headline is for a leader who's made
climate change a priority President
Barack Obama's decision to approve royal
dutch/shell return to oil and gas
exploration off Alaska was seen by many
environmentalists as a contradiction I
think oh wait and what's he been doing
after he left office this is from
Bloomberg Obama goes from White House to
Wall Street in less than one year it's
not corrupt right Mike Jillette you
 child what a child what a child
like understanding of politics this guy
has and he's got like a million Twitter
followers or something what a child Mike
gel that is what a silly little child we
used to you know the United States
remember Vietnam Cambodia it was all for
we want to help people unbelievable
Obama is coming to Wall Street less than
a year after leaving the White House
following a path that's well trodden
late and well paid while he can't run
for president he continues to be an
influential voice in the party torn
between celebrating and vilify and
corporate power is the Democratic Party
torn it is torn right now there's the
there's the actual Democrats who want to
get corporate money out of the party and
then there's the corporate Democrats who
control the party like Tom Perez near at
and and debbie Wasserman Schultz and the
Hillary Clinton wing but they're on
their way out it looks like his new work
with banks meaning Barack Obama's new
work but banks might suggest which side
of the debate he'll be on and disappoint
anyone expecting him to avoid a trap
that snared Clinton or as some of his
executive friends see it he's just a
private citizen giving a Feud paid
speeches to oh he sister regular he's
not it's just he was the President of
the United States he's not just some
sort of citizen and pay off oh brother
this is
pay off what he's going right now this
is dead so he did their bidding now the
bribe just like um I can't blanking on
his name the guy who was the from Tom
Daschle when he was the leader of the
Democrats in the Senate he lost his seat
and right before the Democrats were
trying to pass the Obamacare he came
back into town to lobby against the
public option and what how did he do it
he had a two million dollar check
stuffed in his pocket and just walked
around this is what you get if you
 play ball you get two million
dollar check this that's all you had to
do yell just walk around in Congress you
see what I got I'm the former leader
look what I got you play ball you'll get
one of these and now Barack Obama's
getting his he's going around doing
speeches at a half-million dollars a
clip so Mike Gillette and The Economist
writer what was that guy's name who
wrote that and for the oh it doesn't say
the author's name just please okay it's
just so it's just it's just disgusting
already all right it's disgusting and
it's counterproductive by the way that's
counterproductive
it doesn't hurt Trump when you say
like that who do you think you're just
because you're only appealing to people
who are just as uninformed as you are
please make sure you subscribe to our
channel because if you're a subscriber
already they might have unsubscribed you
that's been happening and if you like to
support the show become a patreon we
give over an hour to hours this week
three hours of premium video content
from our live shows and our live streams
and what-have-you so thanks for being a
supporter in our next live show is
December 4th in Burbank California
linked for tickets right down there
you
