progressives have found a graveyard
inside the Democratic Party for their
movements since 1992 since Bill Clinton
took the Democrats and turn them into
Republicans getting in bed with military
industrial complex Wall Street Big
Pharma and Silicon Valley and the
insurance companies the Democrats have
given workers no place to go so guess
what the workers have finally finally
had enough afl-cio calls for a break
with lesser of two evils politics it's
pretty encouraging Ron yes yes isn't
that isn't that encouraging the time has
passed when we can passively settle for
the lesser of two evils Reid's the main
political resolution passed Tuesday by
the afl-cio convention delegates so then
it convention that a lot of other union
leaders there to Lee Saunders chair of
the afl-cio is political committee and
president of AFSCME and Randi Weingarten
president of the American Federation of
Teachers introduced the legislation now
if you remember why that's it that makes
my eyebrows raised like this because or
like this because Randi Weingarten
endorsed Hillary Clinton in the last
election without asking her members I
don't know oh you weren't with me when
we were going out to the Bernie Sanders
rallies we would meet teachers for
Sanders and we would ask them what do
they think about their union endorsing
Hillary I go they never asked us that's
what the teachers told us the teachers
host I never asked us and they just went
ahead and endorsed Hillary Clinton and
Randi Weingarten is as one of those
people who's got she represents workers
but when she's anyway let's not get into
it they lead the labor Federation's
Randi Weingarten they lead the labor
Federation's two largest unions
convention managers yoke the resolution
to another measure it also approved
discussing a labor party
so they're talking about developing
another party isn't that awesome I think
it is I think that's fantastic for
decades the political system has failed
working people Randi Weingarten said
acting on behalf of corporations and the
rich and powerful the political system
has been taking away one after another
the pillars that support working
people's right to good jobs and secure
benefits to measures adopted on October
24th follow late Monday evening meeting
of supporters of reviving the Labour
Party idea it attracted about 50
delegates to an upstairs meeting room at
the conventions lead Hotel their
contention both the Democrats and
Republicans are under corporate
domination domination not influence
domination the prime mover of the labor
party motion at the convention postal
workers President mark domen Steen I
hope I'm pronouncing that correctly he
has been calling for such a new
formation since the passage of NAFTA in
nineteen freaking 93 which he said
showed both Democrats and Republicans
were in the pockets of the corporate
class yes it did that guy is having the
biggest I told you so moment moment of
his life yeah that guy probably he
probably just wakes up in the morning
and be like hey by the way and yeah we
know you told me so we no gloat mark
you've earned it gloat meeting
participants differed over whether the
nascent party should first build an
organization and concentrate on issues
or get into political races running the
risk of becoming spoilers in the current
political system rigged in favor of the
two existing parties how could you be a
spoiler I get their worry how could you
be a spoiler inside of our system that's
rigged do you know what's the spoiler
the system the system is rigged that
spoils the election that's why we have
Trump because we have a rigged
Democratic primary and we have an
electoral college which is another way
to rig this
system Velazquez's content in pro-labor
party members should participate in
electoral politics but start at the
local and state levels white why can't
you do it all what why can't with this
whole idea again of you can't run
somebody at a national ticket until you
first have a dog catcher
you got to have the groundskeeper you
got to have the Park Department first
then you get a City Councilman then
maybe a mayor then a state senator why
can't you do all at once why do we have
to limit ourselves that is the dumbest
argument I'd understood yes you should
start at a local level go ahead right
but you also need to collect all the
Happy Meal toys but yeah then you can't
yeah
but all agreed as he put it the
Democrats are not doing us any favors
never have and never will so I could
that's good that's good start at the
local and state levels that's great
that's great also you can go on the
national level at the same time offer
people offer people an alternative so
he's saying that it seems to me he's
saying that cuz he's afraid of being
called Ralph Nader that's what that is
right mm-hmm so but all agreed as he put
it Democrats are not doing us any favors
never have never will so why do you care
if you spoil it what I don't know if
that why you care anyway
the labor leaders who introduced the
independent politics resolution Saunders
and Weingarten are both members of the
Democratic National Committee Wow and
they and I know what rent
Randy supported Clinton which is why
she's probably still on the Democratic
National Committee the main resolution
declared that for the 2018 election
labor would define quote a pro worker
agenda to hold as a joint standard for
all officials regardless of party so
this is exactly the idea that we'd been
talking about when we were up in Canada
a with some progressives up there when
we went up for the Peter Allard in fact
he had a great idea that is a very
similar to this that all the
progressives would get together and
Hevel and have our litmus test of her
this is what you need this these are the
issues you need to support and will
support you so this sounds very much the
same way it's like I we're done
affiliating ourselves with a party we're
gonna affiliate ourselves with a pro
worker agenda and either you're for it
or you're not and we're gonna endorse
the person who's for it whether it be in
the green party whether it being in our
own party whether it be anywhere we're
gonna vote endorse the person who
endorses us no more the lesser of two
evils that's what they're saying now
that they're finally saying what I was
saying for what we were saying at this
show for over a year the lesser of two
evils is what got you this that kind of
working voting strategy got you this
we can't take half a loaf a quarter of a
loaf and eighth of a loaf or even crumbs
you're not even given being given crumbs
anymore he he received applause when he
pointed out on the convention floor that
even when the Democrats gained total
control of the presidency and Congress
in the 2008 election they not only
didn't follow through on labor law
reform and other top progressive and
worker priorities but instead produced
the trans-pacific partnership free trade
pact and similar measures so the
unions put their way behind Barack Obama
and Barack Obama stuck it to him put a
knife in their back didn't do a goddamn
thing for him why do you keep supporting
them it took ten more years for us two
or nine more years for us to get to this
point we're like okay I guess I guess
the Democrats this isn't working
Wow really so Barack Obama turns his
back on workers and then we get Trump
and you wonder how that I bet it was
Susan Sarandon right I bet it was Susan
Sarandon and nightclub comedians and
fracking activists I bet they're the
ones right there they're really to blame
what was all those Russians hanging out
and Apple - all right it was better than
Russians told Barack Obama not to help
out unions remember when the Russians
made Barack Obama not pass card check
remember that remember one
the Russians made Barack Obama passed
the TPP or try to push the TPP you
remember that I don't this is what
glossed your election not
Russians
you goddamn lemmings anybody who pushes
that is such a gullible son-of-a-bitch
I can't believe it anybody who's pushing
Russia brush it through our election
goddammit you know through our election
brock obama you know through our
election goldman sachs you know through
our election Pfizer Halliburton Exxon
Koch brothers that's who through our
election how about the people in New
York who threw 200,000 progressives off
the voting rolls that didn't throw our
election that's what throws our how
about the electoral college through our
election this is what throws the
election the Democratic Party was not
delivering anything he said even when it
had control of the White House the
Congress and the Senate and that's what
we've been saying here since this
goddamn show started and everybody told
us we're crazy everybody told us we're
petulant children and now the head of
all the labor unions are agreeing with
this show isn't that awesome and the
people who said we were petulant
children are morons the people
who said that about us have no political
sense whatsoever
those people are losers those
are the people who gave you Hillary
Clinton the people who said we were
petulant children for not propping up a
corporatist war monger our intern the
people who gave you Trump the people who
don't know their from a hole in
the ground when it comes to politics
they're what's broken inside the
Democratic Party and guess who's finally
waking up the unions the unions the
Republicans entrenched union-busting
Democratic presidential Bill Clinton the
Republicans entrenched union-busting
Democratic presidential Bill Clinton
deregulated Wall Street and Democratic
President Jimmy Carter deregulated
trucking
I'm old enough to remember when that
happened Jimmy Carter deregulated
trucking so now you got truckers driving
eighteen hours and oh yeah taking all
kinds of methamphetamine so they can get
to there mm-hmm
construction constructing a labor party
diamond since admitted will be a
long-range project and needs both
community and labor support what would
be wrong would be to confine this
movement for a labor party to the
institution of the two-party system good
for you yeah good for you again remember
what we said at this show if everyone
who agreed with a green new deal last
election would have voted for a green
new deal we wouldn't still be having
this fight because the Democrats would
have been wiped out the Green Party
would be the new party they would have
all the energy they would have their
federal funding and we would still have
trump but we would have a radically
different progressive movement right now
we're still half everybody half the
progressives are still trying to reform
the Democratic Party if not 80% of them
which is up which is a fool's errand I
think and that's what this guy says he
knows better what would be wrong would
be to confine this movement for a Labor
Party to the institution of the
two-party system oh I love it continuing
to follow the same model expecting a
different result is not a solution it is
insanity
it is insanity it's not a solution a
delegate from Vermont said in the
meeting so I would like to gloat again a
lot of gloating happening recent days
here at the Jimmy Dore show what do you
think Ron dee said I think by the way I
can't believe what little press
attention this has gotten well yeah and
it should get a lot more press attention
because the biggest thing that 2016
really showed was that Democrats have
completely lost their
footing with the working class or
distortedly so workers voted for Trump
workers voted for Trump they bought a
snake-oil so yeah I think that that
Labour because it's really easy when a
certain candidate gets an endorsement
from extra why oh well they have the
endorsement from this so no oh yeah I
know the Tim Kaine is pro-life but he
has the endorsement from narrow yes he
well you know what like in it's time for
these organizations to stop giving those
endorsements again just because it's the
quote-unquote lesser than too evil cuz
why does that doesn't work because the
more evil gets progressively shittier
and sometimes that more evil wins and
then the less evil gets shittier as well
that's why we can't do that anymore and
I think we've reached our crisis point
I'm pretty sure this is the tipping
point and if it isn't whatever wake-up
call we need it's gonna be too little
too late well I think when the polar ice
caps melt
that'll be baby Barack Obama will come
back into public life to open the Arctic
to drilling one more time
Barack Obama opened the arteries of
drilling twice just so you know that's
your environmentalist I'm gonna let it
play out gonna let it play out see how
this global warming works
see if cities are underwater well we'll
see a place out oh you know I have a
safe house and I have a safe room in my
house and I have 65 million dollars
there's a coastline in Minnesota now
we'll see how it plays out look at all
the great economic development we have
new coastlines
all right good for you unions third
party that's what we got to do we got to
do a third party and there's lots of
more people not just the unions are
looking into coalescing a third party
but the progressives from all different
wings Greens D si si are Rev they're all
looking to come together to form a third
party I think it's gonna happen please
make sure you subscribe to our show and
you have to click that little bell next
to it that gives you an alert when you
subscribe because otherwise YouTube's
making it hard for people to see our
content and I don't want to go into it
but please make sure you subscribe and
click that little bell next to it that
says give me an alert and thanks for
supporting the show through patreon or
premium or buying some of our stuff
they're really making it hard to be an
independent news producer but we're
doing our best thanks
the next live jimmy dore show is
November 6th in Burbank California and
November 12th and Portland Oregon link
for tickets right there
