hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show you know we've talked about this
Hillary Clinton people are starting to
finally open their eyes about Hillary
Clinton journalists and the New York
Times because she failed to shield women
from sexual harasser inside her own
campaign that was kind of the straw I
think that broke the camel's back for
people but you know what's kind of crazy
is that Bill Clinton is now being even
people like Chris Hayes is tweeting out
it's time Bill Clinton be held
responsible or accountable for the stuff
that he did which people always talk
about Monica Lewinsky or Jennifer
flowers but they never talked about
Juanita Broderick right and she accused
Bill Clinton of raping her and she's
been totally ignored but now with the
the hashtag me too and Chris Hayes
making a tweet about it it's gotten
interest about her she actually made
this tweet where she said I was 35 years
old when Bill Clinton Arkansas Attorney
General raped me and Hillary tried to
silence me I am now 73 it never goes
away and that led then this article in
New York Magazine by Katie helper she
sat down with Juanita Broderick to get
her story and how she feels about
everything happening right now so let me
welcome Katie helper Katie help her from
the Katie helper show you've seen her on
this show before and she's her writing
has appeared in salon Vice the nation
Rolling Stone and now she's here to tell
us about this piece and her interview
with Juanita Broderick hi Katie thanks
for being here thanks for having me
so Katie tell me what how did you first
become aware of the Juanita Broderick
story so I for years had heard that
there was someone who had said she was
raped by Bill Clinton the name was a
little bit familiar to me but it wasn't
a story I knew in great detail and I
didn't know who what she looked like I
didn't know who
was the reason that I heard about her or
actually paid attention to her because I
really dismissed it I thought like you
know there's so many right-wing nuts out
there and there's so many right-wing
conspiracy theories out there and this
probably is just one another one of them
right but but I barely even paid
attention to it I just it wasn't it
wasn't even that much under my radar but
what happened was Katie Baker was a
journalist at BuzzFeed did a really good
nuanced fair kind of investigative
reporting piece on Juanita project and
it was in August 2016 called Juanita
Broderick wants to be believed but I
didn't hear about that until I heard
about a Wang ket piece which was saying
and respond that woman Rebecca show
quote show cup show Corp you got this
she's a woman who called um just on the
c-word oh I've never yet heard about
that she's a huge Hillary Clinton fan in
fact when she was reading what happened
the book which as you as you I think it
was you Jimmy Wright who said you like a
book that answers its own question on
the front cover correct happen Hillary
Clinton um she was reading that and she
lied tweeted and she said that my eyes
are tired my eyes are sore from laughing
from learning and crying but and
learning and crying were spelled with an
N apostrophe D at the end which makes it
that much worse anyway
she wrote this piece she's a big Clinton
defender and she wrote this piece saying
that Bill Clinton may have raped Juanita
project but that doesn't mean he's not a
good feminist now that Habad was yeah it
was a bittersweet because on the one
hand I was confident impressed she was
the only person who was actually saying
you know it's probably likely that Bill
Clinton grape on in a project but then
she totally whitewashed it wasn't that
she denied that she just whitewashed the
significance of that and she said you
know I believe in forgiveness I'm
Catholic which I I believe forgiveness
too but again this is a woman who calls
Jill Stein to see what hurts so I don't
think she's quite the like the Jesuit
liberation theologian said she claims to
be right
so that made me look into the story and
I looked into it and I went and I repaid
read Katie baker's piece on it and one
need a project like she never changed
her story once she came out in 1999 and
the story I'll get to the story in a
second but the only criticism that
people have of her are ones that they
would make that they would consider to
be rape victim blaming in other words
when when liberals and feminists
criticized moneena project they use
arguments that if anyone used against a
rape victim who wasn't claiming they had
been raped by a Bill Clinton these women
liberals and feminists would call
gaslighting rape blame victim rape
victim blaming asking for the perfect
rape victim and they'd be right you know
like they're just violating their own
principles when it comes to wanita
project and so I reached out to her on
Twitter and she will back right away and
we we spoke and I interviewed her and I
actually didn't release the interview
because I didn't want people to dismiss
because I by then and had a real
reputation for being a Hillary critic I
didn't want people to dismiss her story
as as an attempt by me to like ruin
things for Hillary Clinton so I my plan
is to release it when Hillary Clinton
was elected which you may have noticed
didn't happen um that's not that's not
her fault baby that's not her it's the
fault of the state of Wisconsin voting
to not let her into the state um but
that that referendum they made um and so
I said so I spoke to her again though
because I wanted to update our interview
and it's really weird because Juanita
Broderick is she supported Trump we'll
talk about that in a second but she and
I have a lot of political differences
right she'll tweet things that I think
are very right-wing but I get where
she's coming from and and we actually
had like a great weekend like to talk
about things that we both think are
ridiculous and problematic in a way that
you wouldn't necessarily expect from a
woman from Arkansas who is a trump
supporter and like a socialist secular
Jew Bernie bro okay so you are so let's
so let's get to the the interview the
meat of it I
I just grabbed a cool so people always
ask her she says I became a trump
supporter late in the campaign and when
people ask why do you support a man such
as Trump I say quote Donald Trump gave
Bill Clinton's victims a voice that we
had been denied for two decades so I
think that's pretty compelling right I
mean right isn't that what do you do you
take that as a as an efficient answer to
that question yeah I mean basically she
had a choice between someone who had
been accused of rape by some people and
someone whose husband had raped her like
she knew for certain that Bill Clinton
was a rapist because she was raped by
him so look in a perfect world what I
thought about this sometimes I've been
like what if that had happened to me and
I think well what I like to think I
would have done would be that you know
if Trump invited me to speak at the
second debate I would have said yes I
would have said that Bill Clinton raped
me and Hillary tried to silence me and I
would have said also Donald Trump is a
misogynist and has been accused of rape
he doesn't care about rape victims he's
just using me but that's a big that's a
big-ass great and I have a very
political person I was raised very
political and politicized so I need a
project wasn't she actually voted for
JFK she voted for Bush she voted for
Obama and she volunteered for Clinton
she met him because she was volunteering
for his gubernatorial campaign so and I
just think that's a lot to ask honestly
and money to project is not an activist
or organizer or public intellectual or
politician she's not saying she has the
perfect response to this she's a private
individual citizen and she is the right
to talk about the fact that she was
raped by Bill Clinton and you know what
this is the big takeaway I think if
liberals and feminists don't want
someone like want you to project to go
to Trump then they needed to reach out
to her and embrace her and they didn't
you know they shunned her they they
Patricia Ireland from now actually did
we did say something at one point
because it was just too much to be
silent about it she said something like
make basically she says I'm implying
let's not smear Lani to Broderick
because while most people just
ignored running a project unlike Paula
Jones and I'm like Monica Lewinski and
unlike Kathleen Willey although she was
kind of ignore - but Jennifer Flores
Monica Lewinsky and Paula Jones Apollo
John's successfully sued Bill Clinton
for sexual harassment but when Dena
project her story barely was barely got
any attention but just to give you a
sense of how vicious a lot of alleged
progressives and feminists are our
friends of feminists are you know Jim
James Carville said about Paula Jones
you never know what you can but you'll
never know what you'll get when you drag
$100 bills or trailer park oh yeah yeah
oh and a woman and aid for Hillary for
Bill Clinton said you know refer to
bimbo gay since I'm a bimbo gay time and
Gloria Steinem referring to Paula Jones
and Monica Lewinsky and Kathleen Willey
who accused Bill Clinton of groping her
she said stuff she basically like like
victim blamed and age what she was she
was like this woman is old enough to be
his mother about I think one of them
Kathleen Willey I think like all these
and Betty Ford and said something really
terrible about Monica Lewinsky and like
one thing that we have to be sure about
is it's not like I'm naive or you're
naive and we think that when a
Republican goes after Bill Clinton for
Monica Lewinsky it's it because they're
doing it for the right reasons like Newt
Gingrich we all know is having an affair
right at this time right heat he's full
of it these people are not feminists
they're not allies but we can chew gum
and walk at the same time so we can say
Republicans are hypocrites which
everyone knows like whether you're a
Hillary person or Bernie person we all
agree on that that's really obvious we
can say that we can say Trump is
horrible women and we can say at the
same time and Bill Clinton raped a woman
yes well let me just get you a little
bit more when people the questions
people have for her because that is
fascinating I did go back and look at
that and it was amazing how ubiquitous
it was how the women's movement the
people who were the leaders of it
totally whitewash what Bill Clinton did
and made excuses for it like even if he
did do this it's okay cuz look all the
good stuff he's done for women that
what they were saying that right I'm not
making that up correct yeah yeah well
and in fact why neither Broderick
herself says I mean I think it was
awkward most like Gloria Steinem did say
that she was like look he's way better
on women's issues and then but she also
was not acknowledging Juanita Broderick
I think that if it had been raped she
would have not been able to say that so
she either didn't know about it or
research pretending not to know about it
because I think people will say stuff
about sexual harassment and about
grouping and that they wouldn't say
about physical force violence rape I
mean a lot of people also you know
there's this something problematic
because libsyn feminists and I am a
feminist I'm a leftist olive but there's
something problematic about what Clinton
did with one with Monica Lewinsky also
right the most powerful man in the world
having sexual relations with a an intern
but yeah it's not what he did with monk
with wanting a project which was raping
her in a hotel room and like biting her
lip and pushing down on her shoulder and
ripping her pantyhose and you know
coming up that he had a whole elaborate
thing and and and she was really it's
really a tragic story it was in the 70s
she was the head of an operator of a
nursing home he she was volunteering for
him she's really excited she says how
and people should really listen to the
interview I'm not saying that's a to my
own horn but it's just a really it's
really cool to hear her story like her
voice telling and I was just reading it
but she was really excited because she
was volunteering for Bill Clinton and
she thought it was really charismatic
he's gonna do great things for the state
of Arkansas they met at her nursing home
at an event and he said if you're ever
in Little Rock
tell me because she started telling him
about reimbursements and how they
weren't sufficient and how it was really
hard to provide sufficient care for her
for her clients and he said to me for
not in Little Rock he went to a nursing
home conference in Little Rock and she
called him up he said where are you
gonna be she sessions at this hotel for
a conference they were gonna meet in the
lobby and then the last minute he said
there are a lot of people here including
reporters coming meet in your hotel room
and at this point he was the Attorney
General so she didn't see though you
know the last person you think is going
to break the law to rape you is probably
the Attorney General right so she
ordered coffee and was really excited
she had all her Pete this is what like
it's like extra whole thing is
heartbreaking obviously but she had like
all these papers and things ready to
show him about her plans and ideas for
how to do stuff differently with with
arkansan nursing homes she has it all
out and then he started pointing to the
the view from the window and about these
buildings that and he had plans for
which we can do with them as governor
and then he started kissing her and she
said no she wasn't interested and then
he just wouldn't stop and he pinned her
to the bed and raped her and her
colleague who was there with her for the
conference found her and also testified
the sheet of like a bloody lip um Wow
yeah yeah so this gets totally swept
under the carpet yeah and then she
doesn't say anything until 19 she comes
she is very reluctant to come forward
which is understandable right she
thought no one would believe her this is
like a lot of women rape survivors have
a lot of shame and guilt right this was
in the 70s in Arkansas so you might
imagine her memory and there was very
powerfully of her it was a powerful man
so is there probably will she probably
went well in there and they and so
there's a history of them well we just
talked about it of them smearing the
bills accusers right so there is a
history of that she didn't right so at
this point in this late seventies she's
afraid she's embarrassed well of course
why did I invite a man to my room we
understand why she did it she did it
because he was the Attorney General and
she didn't think it was a threat they
had been talking about politics rom she
thought no one was gonna believe her he
was the Attorney General I was running
for governor and she didn't want to have
then and reporters would every now and
then they were kind of rumblings that
she said it's about the story and they
would reach out to her and there's
actually a recording that there's a
transcript is available of it
these investigators for Polly Jones came
showed up at her house in Arkansas on
her front porch and tried to get her to
say what happened and she didn't know
she's being recorded and she refuses to
talk to them she's like I don't want to
talk about any of that it was a long
time ago
I'm not going to talk about it I don't
want my life to be torn apart the way
it's happened to Jennifer flowers and
then because she really didn't want to
expose herself she don't want to expose
her son to this she had raised his son
she signed an affidavit saying that she
had not been raped by Bill Clinton but
what happens is because she doesn't want
to testify in Paula Jones case right
then what happens is like four years
later during the impeachment trials
Kenneth Starr hears about this and the
FBI starts asking her questions and at
this point she realizes that she can't
lie to the FBI because that's a much
more serious crime so she and her son at
this point is a lawyer and heats if she
asks him he tells her that she can't do
that so they asked for immunity from
heaven from Kenneth Starr Kenneth Starr
who was a special prosecutor looking
into Bill Clinton and Kenneth Starr
interview sure but he decides not to use
her and so lots of defenders of the
Clintons and wanita project cynics are
deniers or rape rape apologists use that
as proof that she's lying because what
kind of star and he hated the Clinton
more than anyone else and he didn't even
use her testimony but the reason he
didn't use that and this actually speaks
to why she is so damn reliable is
because he was looking for obstruction
of justice and he asked Juanita
Broderick he said Bill Clinton ever tell
you not to come forward did Bill Clinton
ever pay you off to keep you quiet she
said no that didn't happen he raped me
he called me up a couple times and he
came and found me and apologized right
before he started running for president
but if she had wanted to get something
out of it if she had ulterior motives if
she was lying she would have said oh
they want an obstruction of justice case
so let me let me lie and say that Bill
Clinton told me to shut up then it would
have been relevant to the case but
because she's honest she said no that
never happened so wow that's quite a
story so then she comes out in 1999 does
a the interview on Dateline on Dateline
Hey delay and delay and they don't play
until after the impeachment trials and
they play it opposite the Grammys
Wednesday night on a Wednesday night and
she's like devastated because she felt
like he'd opened her heart and soul and
said these things that are really
embarrassing and she says she couldn't
watch it
at the time and then she was kind of
like you know a private citizen and
people would would I guess reach out to
her but what brought her out what made
her actually tweet that thing and I had
this in my intro but it didn't make the
cut so I'm gonna probably I'm gonna do
another piece about this I think but
what made her tweet about that famous
tweet that you read at the beginning of
the show but she did in January 2016
where she said I was 35 when Bill
Clinton raped me and Hillary Clinton
threatened me trying to silence me it
never goes away he did that because in
November of 2015 she saw an ad where
Hillary says I have something to say to
survivors of sexual assault no you
deserve to be heard and listened to and
we're with you and you have the right to
be believed and that from Juanita
Project was unbelievable and such
hypocrisy and she tried this is actually
really interesting I opened my interview
with the anecdote about if she's trying
to tweet she's trying for a month right
she doesn't know why it won't send she
calls her grandson he was 13 she can't
tell him he doesn't know so she's not
like I'm trying to tweet about the fact
that Bill Clinton raped me so she just
has to be like ah why isn't this suite
working luckily he's smart enough to
know like are their numbers showing up
in red she's like yeah so she explains
to her she stares out this tweet for
like half an hour and then hit Send and
