hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
i have special guest with us Matt Orfila
is with us not matt is an extraordinary
talented editor and let me say hello hi
Matt how are you hey Jamie
he's also over there with the miserable
liberal and low brownie hi Jimmy so um
now Matt the way I got I was on the
internet one day and I ran into this
video that was edited that was put
together by someone it was about Bernie
Sanders and it was a fantastic it was
moving right so and then I was like hey
maybe I should get a video to open my
live shows that has kind of pumps people
up like that and I'm like I'll just get
that guy to do it so I contacted it's
Matt Orfila so if you've been to a live
show and you've seen that awesome video
that opens our show he put it together
and he just put another one together for
us so yeah he does a great work come see
the live show you'll see his work there
right that's right yeah you have a
youtube channel what do ya look calm
slash Orff oh oh RF it's pretty simple
yet so youtube.com slash or if and that
you go there he's got a lot of great
videos up you do a lot of your own
reporting citizen journalism I do a bit
of that yeah a lot of mashup videos a
lot of videos with message China yes
right like that like that Bernie video
yes yeah and here's another video he
made me aware of which was Julian
Assange was at a TED talk and now Julian
Assange is a real deal he does well
first of all he he starts off he's being
interviewed at a TED talk and his TED
Talks in Oxford England yes and the
interviewer asks or asked him a pretty
interesting question like let's start
with that welcome it's been reported
that WikiLeaks your baby has in the last
few years has released more classified
documents than the rest of the world's
media combined can that possibly be true
yeah can it possibly be true it's a
worry isn't it that the rest of the
world's media is doing such a bad job
that a little group of activists is able
to release more of that type of
information than the rest of the world
press combined
yeah that's kind of remarkable and by
the way just a little stage management
for you there maybe don't take off your
jacket while you're answering the
question maybe you take it off while
that guy's talking when the cameras on
him or what have you
I know you're not a professional you're
a professional uh whistle blower so I
get it that's where I come in I can help
you with that
so but they didn't they cheer right
after he said that yes yeah good thing
you cut that part out we're gonna get to
that more audible yeah and there's many
cheers so let's listen to that again
because that's pretty remarkable I think
I wouldn't welcome it's been reported
that WikiLeaks your baby has in the last
few years has released more classified
documents than the rest of the world's
media combined can that possibly be true
yeah can it possibly be true it's a
worry isn't it that the rest of the
world's media is doing such a bad job
that a little group of activists is able
to release more of that type of
information than the rest of the world
press combined yeah that's exactly what
I feel like I've been saying the only
you know it's come to a point where
people say well Jimmy you know you have
a big voice I'm like what that you know
why because no one else will say
anything truthful about war that's why
it comes down to a jagoff comedian in
his garage and so what so you saw that
right and that was Matt when you saw
that what did that make you think well
it made me feel kind of upset that well
one that that was true 10 years ago and
that it's becoming more and more bad
worse today so the interesting thing
that people indica this is from 2010 yes
so 2010 people I think still liked
Julian Assange in general because he was
outing war criminals inside the Bush
administration as far as it people in
America were concerned that's was what
he was doing with now he started to move
on to exposing you know Barack Obama's
Wars and people didn't start to like him
so much and it was after
was the Trump Clinton campaign that
people were convinced that he's working
for Russia because you know he was
saying people are like why does it you
release any bad stuff about Trump you
need to release bad stuff about
everything's already public what the
 worst could you release about
Trump that isn't already public it's
gonna embarrass him
yeah the really interesting thing to me
what makes going back and revisiting
this talk so interesting is that he's
doing the same thing he never started
doing anything else he's always just
been leaking making public in private
information that should be public yes in
the public interest that's it he's just
exposing corruption that's all he's been
doing the whole time but you know we've
kind of noticed if you watch the TV news
every so often he's not so popular
anymore right right it's been that
popular with journalists isn't that
funny
because he's been out doing that
this is totally mainstream TED Talks you
can't get more mainstream than that
right and they're loving them yeah and
Matt you're totally right about you know
when you're watching this with hindsight
it is even more disturbing because we
see how I you know like he's supposed to
be doing this there's supposed to be
somebody out there who's doing the
checks and balances because otherwise
we're not getting that and that he he
saw that there was a need because
there's so much corruption yes rampant
in the world and there was no mechanism
in place that's really exposing these
criminalities that are happening you
know ubiquitously yes it's seemingly
ubiquitously anyway yeah yeah well as
soon as he start again it's just we
talked about it earlier and we'll talk
about it again but he's just a brilliant
PR job that the Democrats and the
Hillary Clinton and the establishment
did that nobody did an autopsy on the
Democratic Party after it lost a trump
nobody the Republicans at least did an
autopsy the Democrats never did that the
fact they never even put anybody in
trouble for rigging the primary and at
Donna Brazile revealed was completely
100% corrupted and ran rigged and then
all that money that people were donating
and they thought
that that money to the DNC was going to
down ticket races turns out Donna
Brazile also revealed no that was all
going to the Clinton Brooklyn office so
all that money people thought they were
giving to the Democratic Party there
really was being funneled to her I still
don't understand how that's not pig
process I guess I do understand so that
was a brilliant campaign they did to get
everybody thinking about Russia huh and
and Bernie bros and every man people who
didn't vote voted shaming the whole
thing instead of being upset that you
don't have a candidate that it inspires
more people to vote for them nobody had
to a finger wag over Barack Obama so now
we're gonna get to another part of this
Julian Assange reveals like this is back
in 2010 so here he's gonna reveal out
right on this TED talk he actually makes
some news but he's also gonna reveal
some the impact real journalism has on
on governments politics and eventually
people's actual lives here watch this
this is something you leaked a few years
ago if we can have this document up so
this was a story in Kenya a few years
ago can tell us what what you leaked and
what happened so this is the crawl
report this was a Secret Intelligence
report commissioned by the Kenyan
government after its election in 2004
prior to 2004 Kenya was ruled by Daniel
Arif my for about 18 years he was soft
dictator of Kenya and when Kibaki got
into power through a coalition of forces
who were trying to clean up corruption
in Kenya they commissioned this report
spent about two million pounds on this
an Associated report and then the
government sat on it and used it for
political leverage over Moy who was the
richest man still is the richest man in
Kenya it's the holy grail of Kenyan
journalism so I went there in 2007 and
we managed to get hold of this just
prior to the election the national
election December 28th what so correct
me if I'm wrong what he's saying here is
in Kenya they
these reformers issued a report or they
funded a report cost 2 million pounds to
kind of do a survey of the government
and see who what was corrupted what was
and who was corrupted who wasn't that
kind of a thing so it's like this big
overview and then instead of publishing
it they used it to hold to blackmail
people exactly that's what they say
right ok we released that report we did
so three days after the new President
Kibaki had decided to pal up with the
man that he was going to clean out
Daniel Eric Moya so what he just said
there was the guy who got elected as a
reformer decided to instead of reforming
he decided to buddy up with the guy he
was supposed to be kicking out and
replacing and that's when Julian Assange
so three days later after his son saw
these likewell effort I they said they
were gonna both sit on the report
because they had now buddied up and he
was like wait a minute there's
corruption in that government I have the
report I'll release it so that's what
happened right yes has anyone noticing a
you know a little similarity here well
listen um so this report then became a
dead albatross around president Quebec
his neck and and I mean to cut a long
story short word of the report leaked
into Kenya not from the official media
but indirectly and and and in your
opinion actually shifted the election
yeah
sorry this became front page of The
Guardian and was then printed in all the
surrounding countries of Kenya in
Tanzania and South African press and so
it came in from the outside and that
after a couple of days maybe Kenyan
Press feel safe to talk about it and it
ran for 20 nights straight on Kenyan TV
shifted the vote by 10 percent according
to a Kenyan intelligence report which
changed the result of the election Wow
so your leak really substantially
changed the law yeah
oh there's a roomful of liberals
applauding the leak of classified
information actually changing the
outcome of an election and they used to
be all for it isn't that something this
well because it was another country yeah
oh yeah it's another country
I guess Julian Assange is an African spy
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah that's right exactly he's working
for the Kenyans I always knew it it was
either Russia or the Kenyans and we're
reminded that of course there's only one
bad guy in the world and it's Putin
again not Saudi Arabia okay or anybody
in Kenya that's how you can tell the
phone enos of the corporate news in
America you know they have their
Washington DC party every year the
Correspondents Dinner and they all get
there and back slap each other and tell
buddy give each other hand jobs about
what good reporters they are right
except nobody talks about Julian Assange
the guy who actually breaks more stories
releases more classified information
then all them put together has more of a
positive effect of the world they don't
even mention his name be mentioned that
he's being persecuted for doing exactly
what they're supposed to be doing but
they're not doing it why because they're
part of that class it's a class issue
so once the newspaper people got in the
Klan that upper 10% they're not supposed
to be from there they're supposed to be
from where I'm from there's supposed to
be blue collar people who don't have a
big interest in budding up with the
elite because they would stick out like
a sore thumb with thumb
well now that's all over now that news
people want to be the elite they want to
be the celebrities and that's why they
suck am I wrong no well you know you
never see Brian Williams leaning in and
speaking out at one of the Julian
Assange vigils do you never you don't
see any one of those mainstream media
talking heads on that Vicki Anderson
Cooper in his tight tee saying hey we
have to release Julian Assange you do
not see that stuff go ahead there's so
many funny things about this and that
like what this is taking place in the
country where they're applauding joining
Assange right in this video ten years
later
they they're his well he said mother
sooner much sooner
yes actually eight year he's essentially
held captive in that country in that
code Orion embassy right so just a few
years after they're applauding him
releasing classified information that
changes an election they were also
slotting their government for
imprisoning him basically yeah I believe
it was pretty soon after this actually
yeah okay so the lid fast forward we get
Gina Haspel who loves torturing people
and she's the head of a CIA what could
go wrong what could go wrong well it
already went wrong Barack Obama was
supposed to prosecute those people who
were carrying out war crimes and he
didn't he said cuz uh you know we're
we're looking forward we're not looking
back you know that so now we have a hask
we have Kavanaugh in the Supreme Court
which is a direct result of him not
prosecuting those people and we also
have Gina has fell as the head of the
CAA what's another direct result so
that's the result of not prosecuting war
crimes those people stick get
rehabilitated and then become the head
of our spy agency's intelligence
agencies and they said in our Supreme
Court way to go yeah that is ironic that
here we hear he is sitting in that same
country being applauded and just a
little while after that he got in prison
and they applauded that too just goes to
show you how easily pill the people's
minds are made of mush and how they
propaganda works that's why they do it
because it works and can I just say you
I recommend the whole video to everyone
where you can actually see the full hear
the full audience's applause throughout
the whole thing yes I apologize yes I'm
the great editor who up that edit
haha so now it gets better watch this
question because this is the question
that people like to throw at him all the
time what would you say to for example
the you know the parent of someone whose
son is is out serving the US military
and he says you know what you you've put
up something that someone had an
incentive to put out it shows a US
soldier laughing at people dying you
know that gives the impression has given
the impression to millions of people
around the world that US soldiers are
inhuman people actually they're not my
son is and how dare you what would you
say to that I know I was like why I
wonder what he's going to say to that
too
and because that's the thing people
always like to all you're giving away
this your compliment you're risking
people's death no one can ever tie a
depth of what he's exposing people who
are killing people illegally and so
that's the irony there but what I think
his answer is was surprising to me watch
now we do get a lot of that but remember
the people in Baghdad the people in Iraq
the people in Afghanistan but they don't
need to see the videos they see it every
day so it's not going to change their
opinion it's not going to change their
perception that's what they see every
day people change the perception and
opinion of the people who are paying for
it all and that's how what so that's I
didn't see that answer coming so the
quest to recap the question was again
hey what about people who have a soldier
fighting in this war and you've released
a video that show them killing someone
and laughing about it and now everyone
thinks all the American soldiers are
animals like that and my son's a tricks
more because of it and bla bla and he
says that that's not news to the people
in Iraq or Afghanistan or Libya hers
that's not news to them that Americans
are killing people indiscriminately it's
only news to us and he's saying that's
who he's hoping to affect by releasing
that he's not trying to affect the
people in those countries where we're
killing people they already know like
that was such a devastating answer to me
and now I'm glad I saw that because now
I'll have that in my back pocket forever
to defend whistleblowers because yeah
you forget about that the people in the
Middle East know the game that the
United States have been playing since
the invention of since the end of World
War two and the invention of the CIA
would they know we overthrew Mosaddegh
in Iran and start in fours at 54 53 53
they know that they know we've been
doing that and we've been spreading
Wahhabi ism at the behest of Saudi
Arabia because of the petrol dollar they
know that they know we went into Iraq
they know we went into Kuwait Libya
swore in Syria we ain't leavin
Afghanistan or seventeen years they know
that this isn't news to them it's only
news to the people back here and he's
that so he's hoping to affect that's
kind of I was kind of amazing
now here's
and it hears me I just make one comment
yeah I think I mean another thing was
great about the answer is he made clear
he's not he's not trying to villainize
American soldiers his intention his hope
is to reach the people who are funding
the Wars right and change their minds
change their hearts right because right
now we're bombarded with images a lot of
times that have nothing to do with the
wars that are happening in the world
nothing they're not covering any of the
wars they're not covering any of the
consequences of war and here is Julian
Assange and WikiLeaks revealing the
ugliness of what's really happening yes
well here's an here's another guy this
is a great question so now remember this
is 2010 in England and he's gonna pull
the audience about and watch this poll
well this is amazing from our
perspective to see the result of this
rather unscientific poll that he does
right there in front of us there we go
I'd actually be interested just based on
what we've we've had so far just to get
a I'm curious as to the opinion in the
Ted audience and you know there might be
a couple of views of WikiLeaks and of
Julian you know hero people's hero
bringing this important light dangerous
troublemaker who's for that who's got
the hero view who's got the dangerous
troublemaker view well come on I'd
actually be kind of amazing they all
thought he was a hero
everybody ubiquitous and a freaking TED
talk that's pretty mainstream liberal
down the middle
fastball stuff right TED talk everybody
thinks is here nobody thought he was a
dangerous Manas and he's like oh come on
somebody's gonna think gotta give me
some street cred yeah I would I would
I'd want someone to think I'm a
dangerous movement too right that's nice
some people actually do think that about
so that is nice that's good now here's
the as this is the end of the TED talk
it was only like 20-some minutes that I
saw right it's just 20 minutes yeah so
it's not that long so here's the end of
