everybody welcome to the third part of
our interview with Glenn Greenwald
that's Glenn with two N's
I wanted to ask you just you know
doesn't this this whole thing when I
when I wake up in the morning for a
while there I was depressed and it was
real
and it was about this Russia gate and
how all these people who I respects are
going down this hole and I mean how do
you deal with it right cuz like you're
an outlier that everybody else is going
the other way with this Russia gate
religion does it affect you emotionally
that way do you have to have a special
way to think through it because I did it
goes back to what you were saying
earlier right which is that you know no
matter what it is that you do you either
have a core integrity you don't and you
know even as you were saying like even
as a comedian let alone like somebody
who's influencing the political
perceptions of millions of people by
going on at a cable news show every
night you would feel just like you
couldn't stand yourself being in your
own skin if you didn't say what it is
that you actually thought regardless of
how people reacted so for me you know I
do feel that that's just how I'm
constituted and I'm just I'm going to
say how I see things regardless of what
the benefits are from refraining from
doing so or the punishments or cost
might be from doing so think it's a
personality type I also think that you
know the way that I've been able to
build my career in journalism has always
been kind of this detached outsider I've
never been dependent upon the approval
of the New York Washington immediately
in fact I started my whole career
throwing rocks at every single one of
them and they pretty much never stopped
so I've been able to kind of just create
a niche for myself like a platform up
for myself where I'm just given leeway
for whatever reason to say things that
generally people aren't supposed to say
that alienating effect and upset that it
has been difficult just because you know
it reminds me I wasn't a journalist in
2002 and 2003 so I wasn't participating
in political debates I was a lawyer back
then I was just reading the paper a
little bit it wasn't
a much what aglow attention so I didn't
live through as a participant what it
was like during the Iraq war debate but
I've certainly spent a lot of time going
back and looking at that debate to see
what went wrong and why things were so
insane that was the period when I first
started reading blogs in search of some
like you know just some alternative
views that were that I felt like were
being suppressed and it feels to me a
lot like the Iraq war where there's this
overwhelming bipartisan orthodoxy in the
media class at least which is that Trump
is a puppet of cute Trump is a puppet of
Putin that he colluded with the KGB then
if the Russians are this grave
existential threat anyone who deviates
from it is subjected to the most insane
smears despite the fact that all you're
doing is demanding evidence which is
what happened to the dissenters in the
Iraq war and that there's this kind of
ethos that is rear isn't which is that
our intelligence agencies our military
or government people short memories are
so short that they speak the truth and
that their pronouncements are things
that we put our faith in and rely on
because they're noble Patriots and it
just feels very much like that climate
and you know it is frustrating sometimes
because I think it's very dangerous I
think it's extremely dangerous this
whole resistance ethos the the
principles on which it's based the
people that they're venerating all of
this is going to endure way beyond once
Donald Trump's god there's a whole
generation of people who are identify as
liberals being inculcated with jingoism
and militarism and these like very
warped notions of nuber nationalism and
patriotism that I think are just gonna
do damage for a long time to come but at
the end of the day you know you have to
be able to look yourself in the mirror
at night and ask yourself whether or not
you're comfortable with them proud of
the causes to what you devoted yourself
and the integrity that you tried to
preserve for yourself and the work that
you've done and I feel very good about
it I actually am optimistic about the
ability of reason the capability of
rationality and reason to persuade
people to think differently it can be a
long hot slog it can be really difficult
and frustrating
but actually believe that things like
this ultimately work so I don't know
maybe that's a little naive but I think
that kind of hope is in everybody by
definition who wakes up in the morning
and do what you do instead of the
zillion of other things you could be
doing well I always I remember that
quote I don't know who said it it's hard
to reason someone out of something that
they weren't reasoned into right and so
that's how I feel about the Trump
Russian thing they're not it wasn't they
didn't look at the evidence and facts
and then come to a conclusion they went
with their emotions and so it's it's
just it's just a sad thing so well this
in Clinton it's been great having you on
I'm out of questions there's anything
that you wanted to talk about you oh hey
bye I had one more question
besides secular talk what's your
favorite YouTube in a new show that's
what I thought that's what I thought I
thought I said besides Kyle's show I
said be Saturday because show out there
now do you think that people who are
participate in democracy outside the
Democrat and Republican Party are they
should should they be called spoilers
they should be called whatever party
affiliation they have I mean I think
this idea that you have an obligation to
work within the two parties is one of
the most bizarre orthodoxies that we
have in the US I mean I'm currently
sitting in a country where there are I
think 19 parties and new ones pop up
every day and old ones disappear but the
entire range of views is represented by
various parties and it's so much
healthier and so much more vibrant and
so much more representative to have it
that way I mean it is so interesting out
many tactics Republicans and Democrats
share in common and D legitimizing and
despising and like demonizing third
parties is one of the tactics they both
embrace with equal vigor for obvious
reasons yes what people I would I say is
that you're you're not there's no those
people aren't spoilers that's what the
oligarchs say
because they're spoiling their oligarchy
right and they're exposing the
corruption inside those two parties and
they're inspiring people to vote for
people who actually represent them and
that's very dangerous to the two-party
establishment yeah people who stay in
promoting I think one of the best
articles that I read about the 2016
election happened almost by accident and
I encourage everybody to go read it's
really easy to find online it was in the
New York Times and they went to
Milwaukee where Clinton lost Wisconsin
in large part because Milwaukee which
has a very large black population that
turned out very heavily for Obama didn't
bother to show up to the polls and vote
for Hillary Clinton and they went into
like barber shops and restaurants and
basically interviewed african-american
working-class people who didn't vote for
Clinton but who had voted for Obama
about why they didn't bother go to the
polls and their answers were incredibly
thoughtful informative substantive and
cogent and that's the thing the truth
that is most suppressed which is that
the people who decide not to vote or who
vote for third parties they're not
drilling idiots they're not like lazy
they're not misinformed they're actually
in a lot of cases far more informed than
the people who send online all day
blindly drooling with their tongues out
clapping for whatever leaders of the
party to which they belong there are
much more critical thinkers and just go
read the New York Times article just
Google you know non-voters Milwaukee New
York Times I think it was December 20
2016 or genuine seven it's a fantastic
article and gives the lie to how people
like that are thought about and so you
would agree would you agree that because
people attack our show all the time
saying that we're responsible for Trump
and I wish I had that kind of power and
if I did don't you think those people
would be nicer to me like that's where
it doesn't make sense if you really need
my vote and you think I'm powerful
enough to swing an election wouldn't you
try to coddle me and try to get me into
your group but they don't do that do it
so what do you think about that that's
just
so much the Republicans sit around
thinking all the time about okay that's
right this is one of the reasons people
a Democrat so much but this is a big one
the Republicans sit around all the time
thinking about how can we manipulate or
induce or persuade or bribe or bully
people into voting for us like they
constantly think about how to win
elections Democrats think we are so
inherently and self-evidently superior
but we don't even have to it's not our
burden to get other people to vote for
us we have a natural entitlement to it
and so if people don't vote for us the
fault is not ours
or our party's leaders they didn't fail
in any way the burden of winning
elections for Democrats is not under the
Democratic Party or Democratic Party
leaders it's on all those people too on
their own recognize our inherent
superiority and that's why they are so
repulsive because who finds in any way
that characteristic appealing to go
around thinking that your superiority is
so self-evident that you don't even have
to and shouldn't have to lift a finger
to convince other people of it should
just emanate from your being and go
directly into other people's brains and
if it doesn't it's because they're
defective that really is how Democrats
think and that's why they're largely
just fives all right hey can you tell
people I first of I agree with you 100%
you know that I I I told people don't
vote for corporates it's war monger and
vote your conscience in fact people
forget Hillary Clinton also said that
people should vote their conscience that
was a direct tweet which I showed a
people and people just disregard it it's
just amazing but be of course being the
duplicitous person that she is Hillary
Clinton didn't actually mean it when she
said that when she said vote your
conscious she meant Republicans vote
your conscience not a Democrats she of
course not if it means don't vote for me
so again she was lying Bernie Sanders
just smeared Barack Obama did you see
that that's what they're saying when
they say so he was giving us he was down
in Mississippi
being he was asked about the Democratic
Party and how do you reform the
Democratic Party and he said we have to
first admit that the last 15 years the
Democratics business model is bankrupt
and it doesn't work and they were like
oh how could you dismiss Barack Obama
like that even though he didn't so what
he was actually saying I did see that
was which is obviously and totally true
is that basically the Democrats the the
fundamental failures of the Democratic
Party have been obscured by virtue of
this kind of freak lock that they just
so happened to find this extraordinarily
talented politician who won two
elections because of his extraordinary
political talents and that made it seem
like the Democratic Party wasn't as sick
as it really was but you know it's just
kind of like the luck of Obama made it
seem like Democrats are better because
they won two presidential elections in a
row but underneath Obama the Democratic
Party completely collapsed into what no
less of a partisan oil less than Mack
iglesias inbox called a pile of rubble
he said the Democratic Party has turned
into a pile of rubble under Obama
meaning they've lost everything else and
that's all Sanders was saying and it's
blatantly true
I think 2018 might be a good year for
the Democrats because midterm elections
often are bad years for the party to
power for the reasons we were saying the
oppositional energy is much greater they
have there are a lot of people are
afraid of Trump I think Democrats are
motivated that to my might end up
concealing the fundamental problems of
the Democratic Party if they do okay in
the midterm elections are gonna tell
themselves see we're kind of on the
right track let's stay with all of our
like corporate bought neoliberal
militaristic war mongers because we seem
to be doing okay with them but
eventually they're gonna get exposed for
what they are and it's exactly what
Bernie Sanders so there could I agree
can you tell people about the animal
shelter you just started didn't you
start an animal shelter yeah yeah so you
know my my husband and I have rescued
hundreds of dogs we work with dogs all
the time and then a few years ago we got
really interested in the
between homeless people who live on the
street with their pets because the more
we started getting involved with them
the more we realized the bond that gets
formed is uniquely loving and mutual and
just powerful and there's actually
social science research on this there's
a woman theater school running we wrote
a book on that called my dog always eats
first about how homeless people venerate
their animals and animals venerates are
homeless owners so much more powerfully
than just the average suburban home
where people have dogs so we decided we
wanted to tap into this energy so we
created a homeless shelter the purpose
of which is to be run by homeless people
who have demonstrated an affinity for
animals by living on the street with
them so we're not only saving abandoned
animals and placing them in homes but
we're employing homeless people and then
using social workers and city agencies
to open bank accounts for them to
stabilize them to teach them how to
handle income to rent an apartment and
then finally find permanent employment
so they can exit the street so it's a
shelter that's being run by almost
people and saving dogs cats and other
injured animals
we're up and running now we have I think
110 animals now we employ six homeless
people but we really want to grow
because we think this model can really
spread around the world so if you're
interested the link is in my Twitter bio
to a page that describes it all and how
you can help support it okay we'll put a
link underneath this video for for that
too that's fantastic you know I don't
understand well I do understand because
homeless people don't have political
clout in the United States so that's why
that problem goes on addressed and I
don't know when the last time you're in
the United States Glen but there isn't a
bridge in Los Angeles you can drive
under without people a tent city being
underneath it it's amazing amazingly
horrible what's been going on and you
know I read it I read a few articles
that mention that it would cost twenty
billion dollars to end homelessness in
the United States and it would cost
thirty billion dollars to end world
hunger now Jeff Bezos could could fix
that like that and still have about
fifty to sixty seventy billion dollars
left over
and then they don't do that so what do
you think that says about our culture
and yet we still venerate people like
Jeff Bezos I mean people just can't say
enough nice things about him and and
what a brilliant CEO he is even when
they're criticizing him they talk about
what a great CEO he is and how he's the
opposition to Trump and everything so
what do you what do you think about that
I bought people like that who have all
this wealth this income disparity the
greatest since the medieval times and
one guy could wipe out all those almost
all the suffering of homeless people and
world hunger and yet they don't do it
kind of like bellwether for what the
average American things obviously no one
person can be the bellwether but he's
just saying very average and always like
he's middle-class he has a wife and two
kids they live in the suburbs he works
in his accountant he's not like really
liberal are really conservative like
he's just always in the middle so I love
to ask him about politics just to kind
of like get a sense for what he's
thinking and he hated Bernie hey you
know and I would try and understand why
he would always say this idea of giving
away things for free it's totally
unrealistic who's gonna pay for
everybody's free college like he's not
delicious about it and amazingly my
brother has two kids who are about to be
college age and he can't afford to pay
for their college because he's not rich
and he makes just a very middle-class
income that's enough to pay their
mortgage and whatever else they need so
he's like the perfect person who should
be jumping up and down at the idea of
recoge because his kids college choices
are severely limited
they're gymnasts they're gonna get full
scholarships so where they can go is
really limited the alternative is to go
to a college that's better and come out
with hundreds of thousands of dollars in
debt so he's Bernie's talking exactly to
people like this but the idea is it's
just not possible and you see I say well
there's tons of other countries that do
it in Western Europe and all these other
places around the world that are
thriving why can they do it and then I
remember when the Congress just last
year and a very bipartisan basis voted
to increase military spending by eight
hundred billion dollars and I think
estimates for how much free college
Bernie's free college plan would cause I
don't remember exactly was like 50
million took a small fraction of that
700 or 800 million dollars that be
military was raised by nah that's not
the budget that's what it was raining my
above Biba Rd NASA budget I sent him the
link and I said how the do you did
you get convinced that we can't pay for
free college when we just increased
while our already bulging bigger than
everybody else's by far military by 10
times that ml and he thought about it he
was like doubting for the first time his
sense that maybe it was impossible when
I realized that was there have been 40
and 50 60 and 80 years of propaganda in
the United States by the people who own
the media outlets which are the rich
people telling as many people as they
can to believe that it's unrealistic and
even immoral and evil to distribute
things more equitably to distribute them
more evenly so that people just believe
that it's impossible to solve the
homeless problem or there's problems
with children I think it's something
like 13 percent of the households in the
United States the richest country in the
history of the world are food insecure
according to the Department of
Agriculture so if the idea is just that
it's not a problem that's fixable
because there's too much money that
would be required even though as you say
people like Bill Gates or Jeff Bezos
have enough money to fix it
single-handedly let alone the US
government so you need to go actually
