everybody walk with a jimmy dore show up
here at the miserable liberal and ron
flick own hello hello so we've been
talking about the molar indictments of
the 13 russian trolls and there's lots
of things you need to remember first of
all even a place like vox which is
pretty mainstream Democrat talking point
Vox right I like to say box they Vox
harder than anybody I don't know why I
say that but that's what I say and so
they that even even Vox saw that this
molar indictment which we've already
covered it so go if you want to go see
us break it down we got another video we
just broke that down but what it comes
to out too is that there was really
nothing there again remember what this
is about Russia somehow meddled in our
election and that's why we have Trump we
have Trump because the Democrats
nominated the most repulsive nominee in
the history of the party she lost to
another she lost to another repulsive
guy and then they blamed another country
that's what this is because they don't
want anybody to look at the system that
gave us Trump and Hillary Clinton they
want us to do keeps crusher Russia
Russia so they can keep doing the same
stuff over and over so even box got it
right box says in a sense these charges
are plucking the low-hanging fruit of
Russian interference while the social
media posts maybe objectable may have
involved violations of federal laws it's
highly unlikely that they actually
affected the outcome of the election
even molars indictment says that they're
not making any allegation even right
they're saying there's no allegation
that it affected the election not just
that but that any Americans are involved
already because there's no contrite when
put in context with the overall amount
of media Americans were exposed to about
the 2016 campaign from a plethora of
sources the Russia efforts were likely a
drop in a far larger bucket furthermore
the other allegations of Russian
interference involving the hacks and
leaks of leading Democrats emails and
hacking into election related computer
systems in many states play no role in
these charges this is totally nothing
and importantly this indictment does not
allege that any America
or anyone in the Trump campaign was
aware or involved in this Russian effort
what were they doing they were making
beams that's what the Russian trolls are
doing they're making memes like this
that's bird nests on a gay website
that's trying to get LGBT people that
was like a gay Facebook ad tip of meme
they put up and do you feel differently
about any policies than he did before no
are you so Julian Assange so um what I
said before in our other video as I go
this is probably some Russian oligarch
billionaire and he's got a couple extra
million dollars and he has a troll farm
that works for him well max Blumenthal
actually knows who that guy is and why
he started his troll farm it was exactly
that it was to help create a positive
business environment for him that that
sort of so why he was doing this stuff
Julian Assange has an idea why he was
doing this stuff you ready buried in the
Mueller astroturfing indictment is
something that we have long suspected
the Internet's research agencies troll
farm is geared to develop audience in
socially active communities eg through
aligned memes just like we showed you
right so a maybe they go get to a gay
web site they post that other gay people
would retweet so that's how they get
with the memes through a line memes
that's what I think he means by that mmm
in order to spam them on behalf of
anyone willing to pay so what he's
saying is that they're just trying to
drum up followers and social media so
they can then monetize them so then they
can them spam them on behalf of anyone
willing to pay so they can then send
advertisements to the people who follow
them on Twitter or Facebook or Instagram
or wherever at the behest of someone
paying for advertising that's all that
is so and it would make sense to target
them from a market standpoint ie you
feel strongly about one candidate or
another or another that's right
so in here's from the heat Julian link
to that to the indictment he says
defendants and their co-conspirators
also use the
counts to receive money from real u.s.
persons in exchange for posting
promotions and advertisements on the
organization controlled social media
pages defendants and their
co-conspirators typically charged
certain US merchants and US social media
sites between 25 and 50 US dollars per
posts for promotional content on their
popular false us persona accounts
including being patriotic defending the
Second Amendment and black and black to
fists so their that so what Julian
Assange is saying is that they're just
trying to set up a network where they
can then monetize it into people looking
to influence so they could sell it for
spam he goes on he says before
advertising networks can advertise they
must build an audience how much of
Internet research and that's the Russian
troll farm how much of IRAs activities
the Russian troll farms activities were
simply trying to build audience by
gaining followers using tweets and memes
likely to be shared in those communities
so that's what I just so it's almost
like they just saw America as another
market yeah it just goes into the whole
oligarchs have no country which I swear
I've heard on a show I've heard I've
heard it somewhere remember wherever the
and then he says that Russian troll farm
IRA allegedly also ran kitten
appreciation groups which they did so
they were a group for kitten
appreciation they start a facebook
facebook group kitten appreciated people
all by God why so you could then spam
them are we also to believe that these
kittens were also a plot to divide
America to not distinguish between
audience building and customer
advertising payload is sketchy
the US has 320 million people with a
trillion dollar media and cultural
sector that employs over a million
people I do not assess that it is
possible whatsoever to divide America by
trying to heighten the differences with
a hundred trolls what Julian does not
know Americans did not know they like
cats till we
[Laughter]
reinforcing audience bias is exactly
what Facebook and Google have been doing
at a vast scale by algorithmically
preying on people's existing biases to
increase engagement in a more
traditional manner a Fox MSNBC CNN New
York Times wopo exact etc are doing the
same thing so what he's saying is that
they're just reinforcing the there of
going to a gay audience fine and
reinforcing okay here's our gay Bernie
we're gonna go to a kitten audience
here's our kittens we're good we're just
trying to reinforce and that's what
Facebook does and Google and that's what
pretty much what Fox and MSNBC does your
uncle - MSNBC - get it opinio don't like
you go there for your confirmation bias
you watch you know watch Rachel Matt
it'll give you the truth about Russia
you you go to Rachel Maddow cuz she's
gonna give you catnip about Russia
regardless of whether the Russian troll
farms activities were audience building
through pandering to communities or
whether a harebrained Russian government
plan to heighten the differences existed
its activities are clearly strategically
insignificant compared to the other
forces at play
meaning the five billion dollars in free
media that was given the Trump the call
the Koch brother money that cut that
Goldman Sachs money the
military-industrial complex money the
two hundred thousand people being kicked
illegally off the voting rolls and - -
in New York that we know about all the
cross-check violations that we know
about all the voter suppression or the
voter ID law all that all the popularity
contests the DNC was winning ha ha just
thrilling everybody that again and so if
you're amplifying
Moeller's indictment or you're saying
that there's some kind of Russians
conspiracy that the country really needs
to pay attention to you're nuts
and again Trump excites your lizard
brain and your critical thinking skills
go out the window and if you're on the
left and you're doing it you're just
you're even dumber than the right
because what do they use red scares for
to silence the left you dummies
so they're coming for you next if you
are on the left and you're pushing
Russia gate they're gonna come for you
next they're already coming for Bernie
they're already coming for Jill Stein
you don't think they're coming for you
you're repeating Democratic talking
points if you're if you're pushing
molars indictment has anything and
significant except a revelation
of what they don't have you're pushing
DNC talking points you're not doing news
you're not a critical thinker on this
subject this guy here adrian chen he
actually covered this Russian troll farm
three effing years ago he did an expose
on them for where the New York Times so
this isn't new that the FBI didn't
uncover these this guy did
this is something to distract you from
Moeller not being able to find dick in
his investigation he just indicted
somebody that the New York Times did an
expose on three years ago and you want
to hear what that guy adrian chen said
about this Russian troll farm that
everybody's pears on fire about
everybody themselves over today
have you seen that the news have you
seen people Chuck Todd one Stan wants to
know if he says if you're in the bitten
Ben news or politics and you're not
screaming about this you should question
your citizenship if you're not screaming
about what kind of punishment we could
give to Russia
that's what Chuck Todd said we told
Chuck Todd I wonder how W I wonder how
RAC happened Ron
I wonder how RAC happened go ahead Ron
I'm sorry Emily we told Chuck Todd that
climate change wasn't real he believed
that's what he doesn't know so here is
that guy so here's that guy who broke
the story about them in the New York
Times three years ago here's what he had
to say about it it's my personal belief
it isn't all of that effective you know
it's essentially a social media
marketing campaign with 90 people a
couple million dollars few million
dollars
run by people who have you know bare
grasp of the English language and not a
full understanding of who they're
targeting what they're targeting I think
if you think about that in terms of just
a normal marketing campaign that's not
gonna be a very good bang for your buck
I think that the paranoid aspect right
the idea that there is this all-powerful
or you know immense propaganda machine
that's going on and that anybody who's
tweeting something that you don't like
or is you know kind of causing trouble
on the Internet can be Russia that is a
very powerful thing that's going on and
it's really increasing now I think in
the wake of these indictments in in kind
of a warm way there's not a lot of
people saying well let's let's hold back
you know maybe it's not all of that big
of a deal
agent Shannon the look on Chris Hayes's
face like as he was talking was like
it's as if Adrienne just told him he had
an affair with his wife he looks so it's
well what what what and what I like is
how when this guy blows the lid off this
how chris hayes follows up you want to
hear how chris hayes bones yes here's
how he follows up there's not a lot
people saying well let's let's hold back
you know maybe it's not all that big of
a deal
Adrienne and Rosalyn German thanks for
making the time tonight guys awesome
Chris okay at least he had him on yeah
well for them for the last time yeah
about that that's the last time that
guys on but at least he had him on so
that guy that guy he's his tweet says
tried to tamp down the troll farm panic
on Chris Hayes show last night it's 90
people with a shaky grasp of English and
a rudimentary understanding of US
politics posting on Facebook but we
held rainbows and u-turn on lefty news
shows and they're calling it Pearl
Harbor did you see that where they
called it Pearl Harbor yeah
they compared it to Pearl Harbor and
9/11 I didn't you didn't do that but by
the way let me just show you this this
guy Chris stork says many reporters have
told me in private they find this moment
and it's shrill hysteria both asinine
and concerning but the job market is so
tenuous an anti-russian Trump ideology
so ingrained and profitable that they
fear pointing out the obvious dangerous
trend for media mm and there's some
people saying that if you questioned the
Russian narrative like this guy this New
York Times reporter just did he just
threw water on it because he actually
investigated it if they're gonna that
they'll tell you now that you're a Putin
apologist
that somehow you like Putin that's what
they so that's what they've always done
they they have to make a caricature out
of you to argue with you because there's
no one who's pro-putin that I know of I
don't know anybody who's pro-putin I
don't know anybody in in on the right on
the left in the middle I don't know
anybody who's pro-putin I met the girl
from Riot she certainly wasn't
pro-putin nope I don't know anybody
who's pro-putin so if somebody starts to
make an argument that if you question
this narrative and to tell the
truth about it that you're somehow
pro-putin turn that show off cuz
that's that's a guy gas
lighting you that's the mainstream media
if there's a lefty show telling you that
when you tell the truth about this
Russian 13 bot thing and the you tell
the whole truth about everything about
Russia gate and yours you're you you're
not gonna prop up the FBI and the CIA
cuz you're on the left and you
understand what that means so when you
when someone tells you that if you're
not willing to go along with that then
somehow you're a Pro Putin that
guy's gaslighting you and they're full
of
that guy's gaslighting you on purpose so
there you go this is the world we live
in and here's something else to watch
for this was from something called the
IPA institute for public accuracy and a
guy named Peter Van Buren
who's a former State Department foreign
service officer who spent time in Iraq
and he writes he wrote a book called we
meant well how I helped lose the battle
for the hearts and minds of the Iraqi
people so that's a book he wrote he used
to work in the State Department officer
who spent time in Iraq from the State
Department and he says going forward
with the 13 russian story keep your eye
out for how quickly the mainstream media
morphs 13 people who were russian
citizens did this into the russians did
this yeah
also people look out for any information
that suggests their efforts had any
impact on outcome or were just more spam
any information there's gonna be no
information he said keep your eye out
for any information that suggests their
efforts had because there isn't gonna be
any information he also says two years
ago the New York Times in a feature
story on the same Internet research
agency which we just showed you that we
showed you the the the the New York
Times reporter I'm Chris Hayes that's
the guy he's referring to two years ago
the New York Times did a feature story
on the same Internet research agency
Mueller indicted today The Times
described the group as web trolls for
hire unspecified in the indictment is
who hired them the critical question of
this is the matter he also said this
missing in the indictment he said this
missing in the indictment are a any
connections between the 13 trolls and
the Russian government and the Trump
campaign that's not in the indictment be
any discussion of the impact if any of
their social media efforts had it
describes them buying Facebook ads but
nothing about how it affected votes
because it didn't see no
connection shown between any of this and
DNC WikiLeaks
hacking of emails and D no discussion
about motives why did these distro farm
do this what were they doing who are
they and II assumption that anything
anti Clinton was de facto Pro Bernie and
pro Trump uh-huh
so that's Peter Van Buren so yes oh by
the way it's already morphed into 13
Russian trolls to the Russians did this
there are that's that's how it's just
being reported mmm that's how Chuck Todd
reported it the Russians did this that's
how they're reporting it so when this
guy says this social media marketing
campaign with 90 people a couple million
dollars a few million dollars behind it
the English language and not a full
understanding of who they're targeting
what they're targeting I think if you
think about that in terms of just a
normal marketing campaign that's not
gonna be a very good bang for your buck
I think that the paranoia aspect right
the idea that there is this all-powerful
or you know immense propaganda machine
that's going on and that anybody who's
tweeting something that you don't like
or is you know kind of causing trouble
on the Internet can be Russia that is a
very powerful thing that's going on and
its really increasing now I think in the
wake of these indictments in kind of a
worrying way there's not a lot of people
saying well let's let's hold back you
know not so when that guy says this
isn't that big of a deal and there's no
one pushing back on it here's chris
hayes show the night before and or maybe
that's hearing my reaction to the news
is that this is absolute proof of what
we knew all along and what the president
has denied me that we were attacked this
was a very serious attack against the
United States by hostile foreign power
an attack against our election process
our entire governing process that we
know that the attack is continuing and
that our intelligence agencies tell us
that it's going to certainly continue
through the next election and the
president and they're already getting
regular excuses ready for when they
don't they don't have a blue wave in the
midterms they're already ready now
they're gonna medal it's the Russians
public is in the house for that matter
refused
fuse to do anything about protecting us
for an attack imagine if FDR had denied
that the Japanese attacked us at Pearl
Harbor and didn't react that's the
equivalent well it's a bit of a
different thing no it's not it didn't
kill anyone
they didn't kill anyone but they're
destroying our demmick
minor detail
Wow so Chris Hayes pushes back a little
bit a little bitty there so not in the
amount of violence but I think on the in
the seriousness it is very much on par
we this country exists to have a
democratic system with a small D that's
what the country is all about and this
is an attempt to destroy that and the
president's core the presidential oath
is to preserve protect and defend the
Constitution this president is refusing
