hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guests with this
the host of the robust opposition she's
a great activist progressive organizer
it's lauren steiner hi Lauren how are
you hi Jimmy
so nice to have you on the show I'm so
happy to be on your show so we have a
lot to talk about but the first thing
we're gonna talk about is the Poor
People's Campaign because Lauren is
active in that and hears from their
website the Poor People's Campaign and
they say the Poor People's Campaign a
national call for moral revival is
uniting tens of thousands of people
across the country to challenge the
evils of systemic racism poverty the war
economy ecological devastation and the
nation's distorted morality so that's
being led by that guy Reverend barber
who did the moral Mondays we had Nick
Branagh on and he spoke about he's
working with the Poor People's Campaign
and I just want to go very briefly if
you go to their website a moral agenda
based on fundamental right this is what
they're all this is what they're about
they say did you know that there are 140
million people who are poor or low
income in the United States today that's
half so I that's what I've been saying
is one of my mantras is that you know
what do you call a system that takes the
richest country in the world and renders
half of its population poor or
low-income you call that a failed system
okay that's what I'm saying according to
the OPM in 2016
twelve point seven percent of the US
population or forty point six million
people were poor and nearly thirty
percent or ninety five million people
were low-income which is defined as
living at less than twice the poverty
line an alternative measure developed in
2009 the Supplemental poverty measure or
the SPM takes into account income as
well as costs of food clothing housing
and utilities and government programs
that have assisted low-income families
and individuals who are not otherwise
designated as poor so there there's a
more expansive inclusive definition of
what it means to be poor
although income and that's what this
Supplemental poverty measure is about
using the more thorough Supplemental
poverty
measure 43.5 percent of the US
population or a hundred and forty
million people were poor or low-income
in 2016 our government does not provide
information under the SPM on poverty low
income status for all races genders
identities or say so this is what
they're talking about half the country
now is poorer low income so they're
reviving Martin Luther King's Poor
People's Campaign which is what he was
working on in the last days of his life
and so now they're doing this 40 days of
action and so they're trying to raise
consciousness and awareness about the
poverty and what's happening in America
and they've been protesting here in
California at the State Capitol so this
was from May 22nd 18 protesters arrested
at the Capitol sit-in now Lauren you
were up in Sacramento just this one day
you went to do another action right to
raise awareness about the Poor People's
Campaign you went to Sacramento so tell
me what happened well I went to
livestream it I knew that there was
going to be an arrest able action I knew
that if I wanted to be arrested I would
need to be there at 9:00 in the morning
for the training I made a decision with
the friends that I was driving up with
that we did not want to be arrested and
I was gonna livestream it
I was live-streaming it with Jovan
Quebec goes from the Richmond
Progressive Alliance who came over from
Richmond because she's a supporter of
their of the campaign and I was covering
the speeches and then I was going to go
in and cover one of the disruptions and
then when you say you're covering the
speeches speeches outside yes they had a
press conference and they had some very
moving speeches about all the different
issues okay yeah and then you went
inside the Capitol to cover their
disruption and they were planning on
getting arrested those people disruption
but you weren't planning on being
arrested you were just planning on
covering it as an independent journalist
exactly and so I want to show some of
that right now so here you are
so you're inside
[Music]
so what's going on there Lauren so
what's going on here is after a few
minutes of they were honoring some LGBT
lgt LGBTQ heroes on the floor and after
a few minutes of that they started
chanting and singing and they dropped
the banner and almost immediately you
can see the sergeant-at-arms came over
told them to pick up the banner takes
the banner rolls it up removes it from
them they continue to sing and then at a
certain point they stopped singing and
they started reading off their demands
okay and they started also this yes so
I'm just kind of showing you that's them
taking the banner away yes no sooner did
they drop it that and they had told us
that we couldn't have they had told us
on the line that we couldn't have signs
so then I started covering the police
and at 4:00 oh yeah four minutes into
this video you see one of the officers
point over to me to the private dick as
my friend who pointed this out to me she
said notice for four minutes and 12
seconds in the private dick you know is
you're pointed out to the private dick
and then he comes over to me well
actually he tells the woman to tell me
that I have to leave because the chamber
is closed so you'll hear that in in the
video so here we go that's what
[Music]
I have a first amendment like to be here
I'm the media I'm documented so now who
came over you said you have to leave
this was the woman the one who stood
outside and said welcome to the Senate
we have a few rules I have videotaped
her saying you are allowed to photograph
they just said no flash cameras in fact
I was interviewing people in there a guy
came up to me he said you're not allowed
to interview I said I'm just talking to
this person in a normal tone of voice as
if we were sitting together and having a
conversation why can't I you know you're
not allowed to do interviews that's all
they do they're just very authoritarian
they just repeat the policy to you and
I'm like fine I'll just you know while
we were waiting for the Senate to get
going I'll just find people go outside
and interview them that's what I did
then I came back and this is the woman
who was basically telling me that's what
these guys do for a living their whole
life is they have to put on a gun and go
mess with women who are protesting in
behalf of pork beef Virgie yeah I'm
doing good you're a tool these guys are
just a tool of oligarchs and you're not
tough and you don't have courage and you
certainly don't have an idea of what's
actually happening in your country
because if you had a broader ox
perspective on what was happening you'd
be joining these people but you don't
that's why they chose you to do this job
because they're not big thinkers that's
who these kind of guys are and then the
state gives them a gun anyway that's
what it is just so everybody knows
that's who these guys are okay I know
when I was talking to one of them he was
a nice guy the one who was processing me
at the CHP headquarters I tried to
explain it to him and I'm like well what
do you think about this and he says I
can't talk about this on the job I don't
have an opinion huh I'm just a tool yeah
that's that's what he's saying you know
my dad was a cop and he would say the
same thing to me and I'm like dad you
smoke cigarettes and you drink how could
you arrest people for doing drugs he
goes oh it's not up to me to decide it's
for the judge so that's their whole
thing they don't ever have to take
personal responsibility and I'm like so
you would have arrested Rosa Parks on
us you would have arrested her for
writing on the front of the bus you and
he goes no and I go so sometimes you
think for yourself sometimes not all the
time you don't allow yourself to think
for yourself that's a luxury so that's
what that's exactly the question so what
did the guy say when he said he doesn't
allow himself to have an opinion he's
not allowed to talk about it I you know
I don't have an opinion while I'm
working so in other words if I saw him
afterwards if I met him at a bar he
would have a conversation but on the job
he's not allowed to talk about it that
is so you don't have you you're not
allowed to have an opinion about the
horrible stuff you're doing or or
whatever your it is you're doing right
that's just crazy so here it is here we
go fine
arrest a journalist you arrest a
journalist that's gonna look really bad
you have your credentials Jojo I have my
card right here the second I'm an
independent journalist I'm not met as
well I understand
why don't you arrest them first to an
arrest me because I'm showing this the
whole world is watching so you're asking
why don't they arrest the protesters
yeah just a journalist why are you
arresting the journalist first yeah
because they don't want you to cover how
they arrest them that's why yeah and
that's why I said the whole world is
watching folks share this video I want
you to watch they're going to arrest me
for videos for live-streaming and share
this video tell me what I'm being
arrested for unlawful assembly leave
right now
why am i right now let me tell you all
right so fine arrest me I'm videotaping
I'm videotaping this arrest
you can't do he's like a 12 year old
that's like the emotional response of
its well yes I can yes I can that's but
that's most cops that's why they're
hired if they were deep thinkers or if
they had opinions about things like we
do they wouldn't be cops they wouldn't
do this stuff and let me tell you
something I know from Occupy cuz I was
part of the Occupy Los Angeles movement
they did not give the dispersal order so
first they told me you have to leave
because the chamber is closed remember
that's what the woman said and then I
said why are you arresting me and he
said a lawful assembly I have another
person's livestream from after I was
taken away and you can see that they
first gave the order he said this is the
first time there's going to be another
time and then you're going to be
arrested if you look at that person's
angle it shows where I was sitting and
there's no people there so by the time
when they arrested me they had not even
given that order yet okay so you get
arrested and now here's a little bit
more of you this guy so this guy really
seems to be so now this is their
chanting and this is where's this in the
rotunda words yeah this is right outside
the Senate chamber okay so there's no
chance and now you're gonna come through
her in a second and we're gonna see that
cop he's pretty manhandling you
he was manhandling me in fact in the
room he had those cuffs so tight I said
I can't my circulation is being cut off
he says too bad next time don't get
arrested so that was the only time I
panicked because I really started to
feel the blood like the blood wasn't
getting through to my fingers and I
thought about Eric garner and I said
this is like Eric garner remember when
he said I can't breathe and then I
started shouting out to my senator who I
thought was still down there Van Alen
it's Lawrence Steiner they were
arresting me for live-streaming and he
says um he says you're embarrassing
yourself and I'm like I don't care how I
sound and then later as we're walking
along you'll see that I say to him if
you play the clip that long I say to him
what's embarrassing is 58,000 people in
Los Angeles sleeping on the streets or
45,000 people a year who die from lack
of health insurance that's embarrassing
I agree with you yeah so here so here
you are here he is manhandling you
give me the knife elbow
[Applause]
now what's funny here is these cops have
no idea what they're doing they don't
know where they're taking her they don't
even know where to go why do I cut the
sound off of this I start talking to
anybody who is live-streaming he would
yank me away to prevent me from
testifying basically it's a that's kind
of a so he's just walking around so this
cop is just walking you around and he
doesn't even know where he's taking you
that's no idea what he's doing he
doesn't know where he's going
so he's get this guy's name he's not
actually taking you anywhere he's just
walking her back and forth any time she
starts to talk to a camera and he's
walking back no idea what he's doing he
doesn't know where he's going watch this
this is hilarious so he just keeps
walking her back and forth walking her
through very aggressively by the way
he's got his shades up on his shoulder
that's a cool look I bet the ladies like
it
where you going so he doesn't know where
he's going
he just keeps walking you very
aggressively by the way man hands so now
he's at an elevator with Poe I guess
we'll go to an elevator we'll just stand
here but watch watch what happens so
they're standing there and now you're
talking to another cop
they have no idea what they're doing
that's a good look with the sunglasses
on your shoulder that's a badass look
ladies must love it
ladies bustle publicans so now she
starts to talk to a camera and watch it
happen were you taking her he has
happened he has no idea where they're
going
he's just aggressively walking a woman
who's can cuffed through crowds of
people does it has no idea where he's
going what he's doing now they've
decided they're gonna take where I say
this is now he finally figures out oh I
guess we'll take people downstairs my
bag was in my hand weighing my hands
down you're outside elevator ok so
that's pretty much yeah that's pretty
much it
so that's pretty much it so so then they
took us to the CHP now here's what
happened in previous weeks they took
people into the basement Capitol Police
not CHP Capitol police cited and
released so this time they decided to up
the antics they were the ante they were
really gonna teach us a lesson and they
took us over to CHP at which point they
could have also cited a process test
cited us and released us but no they
process processed us and then they took
us to county jail and they said I said
how long are we gonna be there and he
says oh could be all night there's so
many of you you we have to process and
they were taken there damn sweet time
doing the processing meanwhile I figured
out a way to get a hold of my phone ok
so then so but so what did they finally
let you out well a little bit for
midnight that night so we had handcuffs
on they handcuffed me at about quarter
of three in the afternoon they didn't
take the handcuffs off till about 8:00
p.m. when we got into the holding cell
at the jail really yeah and a lot of
people were complaining that the cuffs
were too tight there were a lot of
elderly women who were had shoulder
problems and to their credit they did
cut the cuffs and they did them again
looser some women they allowed the
to have the hands in front of them but I
said you know why can't everybody have
the hands of its policy and it's like
Jimmy whenever somebody says it's policy
I see red because it's like if you can
tell me the reason for the policy and it
makes sense to me I'll follow it but
just to say it's your policy that is
like that's scary
yeah people that sight that are the
people that are susceptible to fascism
right all right well that's the Poor
People's Campaign Laurin up there in
Sacramento getting it done is there
anything else on the agenda for the Poor
People's Campaign that you know of yeah
on Saturday there's gonna be the big
gathering march on the National Mall I'm
gonna be there Saturday yeah so that's
the judge what's the date on that the
23rd and it's the start of a multi-year
process I mean this was just the start
this forty days was just the start
so this Saturday June 23rd big action on
the Mall of America in DC yes from 10:00
to 2:00 Eastern Time I will be
live-streaming okay all right Lawrence
Steiner thank you for joining us you're
welcome
the next live Jimmy Dore show is July
1st in Portland Oregon July 15th in
Chicago in July 27th in Burbank
California go to jimmy dore comedy calm
for a link for all those tickets as
those Joe's Plus don't forget become a
patron help support independent media we
give you hours about bonus content every
week Plus every Saturday at 2:00 p.m.
we do our solid chat Saturday it's our
live stream on Saturdays 2:00 p.m.
Pacific Time stick around for that and
please make sure you're subscribed even
though you think you are subscribed to
this channel there unsubscribing people
every day just check click subscribe and
then click the bell to make sure they
send you a notification when we're
dropping videos otherwise they won't
tell you thanks for your support
you
