I'm really walking with a jimmy dore
show up here with the political
vigilante grab Melwood and rob
black-owned hello hello hello grab your
apps do you have that live show coming
up yeah I'm going to Seattle
August 9th to do political vigilante
live and I'm doing stand-up comedy
August 11th in Seattle August 9th and
11th go to Graham Elwood dot-com for
tickets all right that sounds like fun
we have to go to Seattle soon oh it's
great city so it is you know of
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes and Bernie
Sanders are scaring the hell out of
everybody because they're promising the
radical idea to bring stuff to America
that every other Western democracy has
had for you for decades and it's really
freaking out the the plutocrats and
their minions and they're trying
everything they can do to discredit
Ocasio Cortese and Bernie Sanders is a
version of socialism
first of all days they say oh well it's
gonna be like Venezuela well that that's
not the version they're talking about in
fact they're not even really talking
about socialism what they're talking
about is Scandinavian style democratic
socialism which is a lot different than
Venezuelan socialism they're not talking
about the workers owning the means of
production they're talking about having
a welfare state that is there to help
distribute the income and to provide a
cushion for the brutalities of a
capitalistic market Graham you want to
say something yeah part of the other
thing too about the Venezuelan style of
socialism is it includes America coming
in and messing with it and that's
screwing it up that's what we've done in
Central and South America for the better
part of five decades developing
under-resourced country yes and you're
comparing that to the richest country in
the history of mankind yeah that's
exactly and we pretty sure we have
sanctions on Venezuela when the most
powerful richest nation in the world put
sanctions on you I think it's gonna hurt
your economy it might you know when you
won't the ball with your your oil that
America the acetone which is exactly
what it's like that's exactly what's
happening and I wouldn't anyway so I
don't want to go but anyway that so when
people say Oh
socialism hasn't worked anywhere we're
not talking about that type of socialism
we're talking about the kind that's
practiced in Iceland the kind of passes
in Denmark Sweden Norway I was just
didn't Norway everyone is happy here in
Norway I just have news for you
people are just happier they're less
they're less stressed or more relaxed
and they're nicer you know why cat first
of all there aren't tent cities in
Norway guess what they don't have and
cities you know what else they don't
have people to go bankrupt because they
get sick that's right you know what else
they have everybody gets four to six
weeks vacation paid every year everybody
gets it they just did a study that the
American worker has less vacation time
than medieval serfs ha ha ha and you
wonder it's like gee why are they so
happy Norway yeah because they don't
have three jobs and no money in the bank
I don't have to worry about getting sick
everybody I know worries about an
illness in their family that that's
gonna bankrupt them even if you haven't
sureties and if you have insurance I got
sick I had insurance cost us wiped us
out
because the insurance just doesn't pay
out of hand in fact that's the whole
point of insurance is to not pay right
that's how they make money they don't
pay okay all right so the idea of
Medicare for all is that everybody's out
in the insane insurance program so you
don't pay into you just pay into one big
one because that's how insurance works
however they always go oh you oh you
want someone else to pay for your
medical bills that's how insurance works
yeah if you have insurance you pay
someone a little money and then they pay
you a lot of money with other people's
money when you get sick that's how
insurance works other people's money pay
for your bills when you get sick that's
why it's called insurance and not a
savings account and you know the chances
of you getting sick at some point one
hundred percent we all die that's right
and but it'll probably happened when you
have Medicare for all so they decided
they decided to do the Koch brothers
funded a study to try to discredit
Medicare for all and well here it is
it's by Charles black house at the
Mercatus working it's called the
Mercatus working paper and that well the
title is the cost of national
single-payer health care system and well
turns out it was one of those things be
careful what you wish for if they did a
study and it showed that would actually
save money here they're not affiliated
with the cokes anymore and there ya see
all studies in the Mercatus working
paper series have followed a rigorous
process of academic evaluation including
at least one double blind peer review
working papers present an author's
provisional findings which upon further
consideration and revision are likely to
be republished in an academic journal so
there you go so this is all academic tup
the cost and it turns out they're gonna
save money in fact what it says is the
US could ensure 30 million more
Americans and virtually eliminate
out-of-pocket health care expenses while
saving 300 billion dollars in the
process according to a new report about
Medicare for all released by the
libertarian Mercado Center in the report
Charles blouse attempts to roughly
that's a tough name to grow up with blah
blah who's Charles Charles blah who's
almost it was almost Bronson he was
almost cool
Nosa blah who sits blah house charlie
what's your mom wearing today I bet it's
a black house poor guy what did you go
do one of your surveys blah house in the
report Charles Laos attempts to roughly
score Bernie Sanders most recent
Medicare for all bill and reaches the
somewhat surprising conclusion that if
the Bern acted the new costs it creates
would more than be offset by the new
savings it generates through
administrative efficiencies and
reductions in unit prices why
wait a minute so when people like Megan
McCain so when people like Megan McCain
and John Stossel say things like oh how
you gonna pay for that or when willie
Geist says how you gonna pay for
Medicare fraud seems like a gift under
the tree you go how am I gonna pay for
something that's cheaper yeah well we'll
just use the money we're using now but
less of it does that work that that's
not that works so but here's what I love
the real game here
former Coty's that's the libertarian
organization that did the study but the
real game here for mercado's is to bury
the money saving finding in the reports
tables while headlining the
incomprehensible large thirty-two point
six trillion dollar number in order cuz
that's how much it would cost right
thirty-two point six trillion dollar and
they want to highlight that number in
order to trick dim-witted reporters into
splashing that number everywhere and
freaking out so that's yeah that's how
much health care is gonna cost which is
actually less that we would pay if we
didn't do single-payer medicare-for-all
that's actually less than what we would
be paying oh by the way we cover 300 the
30 million people not covered and nobody
has a copay nobody has to worry about
any get in the bill it's oh so you mean
the reporters left out the actual number
we're paying now against the new number
from the report let's let's let's let's
look at the headline here's from the AP
study Medicare for all projected to call
thirty two point six trillion that Jim
would it report Jim look at that owes to
the front oh look at that old socialist
down there I want to spend all of your
money two trillion
I saw a pony I swear so there's a little
more to this so that's exactly what just
happened with the AP they they the AP
took the bait dim-witted reporters and
they just ran with that number that's
scary instead of the headline being the
headline should be medicare for all
saves hundreds of billions of dollars a
year that should be the headline but
guess what even in this study the guy
lowball
the savings right so he assumes
administrative costs will only drop from
13% which is what health insurance
administrative costs are now to 6% for
those currently privately insured why
would he pick 6% I even know this that
Medicare's overhead is 2% so why
wouldn't I overhead beat why would it be
sick why would it be triple what it is
right now so this guy's saying even with
him inflating that number and saying
that the medical overhead would be 6%
instead of the 2% which it is now for
Medicare even then we still save
hundreds of billions of dollars so even
then with him inflating that number
tripling it through by 300% more than it
actually is
we still save money he also assumes
utilization of health services will
increase by 11% but aggregate health
service utilization is ultimately
dependent on the capacity to provide
services meaning utilization could hit a
hard limit below the level he projects I
don't know what any of that means you do
with that meat so it sounds like he
assumes utilization of health and so
that what you what that means is that
more people will now start using the
healthcare system who previously weren't
because they weren't insured and have
any money so now we're gonna have an
uptick of 11% more usage utilization of
health care now that we have Medicare
for all but he says that could hit a
hard limit below this level so that's
not even for sure so of course he's
giving you the highest number possible
just like he gave you the highest number
possible for overhead which it won't be
6% he'll probably be closer to 2% this
is the main like scare tactics character
scare tactic - when they say cuz they're
like then everyone's just gonna like
anytime I got a little coffin my throat
they're gonna go to the doctor just
buying coffee medicine and the thing
they never figure into it is right now
one of the big drains on our medical
expenses are people only going to er's
yeah or free clinics right when
something gets so so severe when
actually this kind of thing has a lot of
preventive medicine
that and again in the long run saves
money yeah because you're not you're not
you're beat they're giving you there's
people under Obamacare which is not
great but I use it and it has saved me
money there's people that went wow I
went to the first doctor for the first
time in 10-15 years and I got all this
information and and preventive care so
now actually I'm healthier and in the
long run you will spend less money yes
it you it's actually cost less money
preventive care saves money for instance
let's say someone has an infected tooth
so they don't have insurance on Dallin
so so they don't go to get it taken care
of until because this is a actual story
that I read about until it became an
blood infection in their blood and now
they go to the emergency room and now
they need to get him hospitalized and
instead of just having the tooth taken
care of when they were supposed to now
they have to be hospitalized yeah this
is a grand yeah versus the $50,000 of
being hospitalized yes correct so um so
that would be an instance where it saves
money to insure everybody because we
could take care of this person's tooth
problem for $1,000 instead of fifty
thousand dollars down the road there's
certain countries where like gym
memberships yoga all this kind of stuff
are discounted through your insurance
because they know that if you do that
you're less of a drain all right on the
public health right this about care
because you're you're taking care of
yourself so eat but even if we do take
the this study this libertarian study
this guy blaah houses numbers even if we
take bla houses numbers at face value it
gets blow us I think it is global even
if we take blow us as numbers we get to
ensure every single person in the
country virtually eliminate cost sharing
and save everyone from the hell of
constantly changing health insurance all
the while saving money you would have to
be a fool to pass that offer up or a
capitalist capitalists don't like
Medicare fraud which drives me nuts
because it actually would help most
businesses and most corporations if we
had Medicare for all mm-hmm
take out the hippie moral reasons for a
second we should help our fellow man
take just money just take those offers
it just the dollars and cents we can
keep cat as a capitalist your employees
will be better
they'll be healthier they'll be more
productive they'll they won't be
spending all their money on surgeries
and right maybe they'll be spending it
on your products like just just from a
greedy capitalist point of view this is
better but I don't understand that
because it's in the capitalists like for
instance the car the auto industry right
so now they have to compete against
places are countries like Germany in
Canada that have health care built into
their tax base so it doesn't so their
auto industry doesn't have to pay that
so they what I'm saying is it's cheaper
to produce a car other places because in
America we have to up their company
dollars have to pay for the car they
also have to pay for the health
insurance of the people making the car
which that that's not in other countries
so I don't understand why it's taking so
long because it would help the
capitalists like you what I mean like I
think you can it's just looking at it
from like a Productivity standpoint like
an evil capitalist productivity thing
okay you have employee why doesn't go to
the doctor maybe has a little heart
thing and it doesn't get corrected until
it becomes catastrophic then they're out
for weeks and weeks at a time meanwhile
if they had a good plan and had
preventive care they went and got
checked up once a year got caught before
it turned into anything big and it was a
procedure that they missed a day of work
for so they're you evil capitalists
you're losing production from this work
hard I think my answer to your question
Jimmy is I think that we forget that the
corporate mind structure the capitalist
structure is not long-term they're not
sitting there going 20 years from now
they're literally the next quarter so we
get a justice the shareholders literally
we just need a profit in the next
quarter so the shareholders are happy
that's that's their whole thinking is
just this short-term get the numbers up
it is so they're not thinking any
long-term anything so there you go it's
a great study all your
reporters are gonna report it that way
but it actually the headline should be
better care for all projected to save
hundreds of billions every year thanks
for watching please
make sure you're subscribed even if you
think you are you're probably not it
only takes a second to check and then
you have to ring that Bell so they send
you a notification when we drop a new
video otherwise they won't tell you when
we drop new videos and if you like our
show please help support it become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we give a live
stream we do a live stream every
Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time when
you could ask us questions and we answer
them back thanks for your support
[Music]
