hi everybody welcome to part two of our
interview with pulitzer prize-winning
journalist Christopher hedges and his
new book America the farewell tour so
let's just talk about the book a little
bit more about what you know you you
travel around the country which I did
too for you know 20 years as a stand-up
comedian and I was in all those towns
that you write about so I was in Terre
Haute Andersonville
you know I was in Flint you know I've
been although I've been to worse places
you know and it was and I played in
comedy clubs that were in malls that
were dying I saw all that stuff you
described and people desperate and so
basically what you do is in America the
farewell tour you kind of show you go
around to these different communities
and you show the effect of US organizing
our society around the altar of free
markets yeah and so the effect of that
it's just it's just over and over every
story you tell in the book which is just
heart-wrenching stories heart-wrenching
stories that you tell that you know
we've all seen these people and the
lives they live and how hard they work
and these so you did these people are
that they've their lives have been
hollowed out and why do we organize our
society around a free market so you know
when we had dr. wolf on our show and he
talked about the craziness of look one
person decides if you get to have an
economy and it's out or not if they have
the big company and so why wouldn't the
town get together and decide why should
we move our company to another place to
make more money let's just keep it good
so I guess the point is what I'm trying
to say badly I guess is that so you
visited these places uh you know the the
hole or even like Rockford Illinois so
the whole town just gets depressed
because the the the business leaps or
goes to Monterrey Mexico or because of
NAFTA right right and so they're left
with nothing and we treat these things
as if their individual problem right
instead of societal product it's worse
we treat it as if it's the
individuals responsibly yes so across
the cultural spectrum you've got you
know from every angle if you haven't
become Bill Gates or something although
I wouldn't recommend being Bill Gates
you are a failure that and you and you
know Tony Robbins is telling you
exceptional or Oprah's telling you how
to find your inner core and strength and
be who you can be and the positive
psychologists are telling you to think
positively and Hollywood is ramming this
kind of you know American myth of a
meritocracy down your throat along with
it so and television is just bombarding
you with this stuff so I mean I look at
television in poorer households and poor
communities as a form of violence
because it is constantly showing you
images of an unattainable lifestyle and
blaming you for not achieving that
lifestyle and that that creates deep
despair a loss of self-worth loss of
self confidence and it had been very
effective at it and so you're right we
never asked the structural questions or
people who do ask about how the society
is structured you know the fact that
there are no jobs in marginal
communities unless you go into the
illegal economy and that feeds the
system of mass incarceration which is a
primary form of social control in poor
communities that's why we have 2.3
million prisoners 25% of the world's
prison population so as the credibility
of neoliberalism has declined you've
seen a harsher attack against the
critics of imperialism and capitalism
both through the kind of new form of
red-baiting for Russia you know that you
know and so you know you've used this
they use this shadowy anonymous group
called proper not yes right we still
don't know who they are right and the
New York The Washington Post runs a
front-page story on it
and names all these left-wing sites I
mean it's total and then Google
Facebook Twitter they all impose
algorithms so that they they're called
impressions so if you type in
imperialism you know or if you typed it
in a year and a half ago and I had
written an article imperialist maybe one
of the Articles that would come up now
you'll direct it to a mainstream site so
referrals by impressions have gone in a
precipitous decline black agenda report
world socialist website counterpunch
AlterNet down by 63% TruthDig where I
write a column every Monday and you
couple that with the abolition of net
neutrality and it's it's it's a way of
taking critics will already have been
significantly marginalized and pushing
them even further out to of the outer
edges of of the digital universe and
that's of course why they go after RT
where I have a show not because it's
Russian propaganda and the Director of
National Intelligence report which
clapper put out in January or a year and
a half ago or so poison hmm 17 mm-hmm it
was quite clear I mean they attacked RT
for giving voice to anti-fracking
activists to people who attack the
security and surveillance state to black
lives matter is that that's that's part
of the whole picture that that is as the
situation deteriorates and as the ruling
elites become more beleaguered then they
become harsher in terms of their forms
of the control of information so people
don't seem to understand this what's
happening based so people will say
things people in news will say well the
Google is a private company and they're
allowed to do that and you know because
the fuff because the law hasn't caught
up to where we are technologically
doesn't mean it's right you know it used
to be the law that Rosa Parks had to sit
them back of the bus that didn't make it
right that meant that the law didn't
care hadn't caught up yet to civilized
society
and so right now the law hasn't caught
up yet when people are getting you know
I saw Matt Taibbi quoted if statistic it
was 70% of people get their news from
Facebook or Google and by that you mean
when you want to find out about
something let's say I want to find out
about imperialism I type it in Google
decides what articles come up and that
and those algorithms are done in secret
in the dark knowing that which should
already be a scandal well and there's I
think 10,000 people at Google I can't
remember it's either Google or Facebook
Facebook and they're all hired from
they're all like ex-military X security
and then that fusion between Silicon
Valley and the security and surveillance
state it's it should be so what do you
say to the people on the Left who or who
are like for instance you know like Alex
Jones so I say if he's horrible and we
have to get rid of them there should be
a transparent process with an impartial
judge that we can all rely on you can't
just willy-nilly don't what do you think
about something like that
yeah I mean the other problem is that
and then you have and this comes out of
the kind of far left ante foe or your
deep platforming people and your this is
really dangerous because this opens the
door for state censorship and the people
we know from history who always suffer
is the left the critics of the system so
power not the right not the proto
fascists who the neo-nazis who in many
ways the state's state relies on
unofficially in times of turmoil to help
maintain control and systems of
oppression against people who defy the
structures of power so yeah I you know I
find Alex Jones repugnant of course on
the other hand you're right if we allow
these institutions to begin to decide
who has a voice and who doesn't then
we're not gonna have a voice yeah I
can't I just can't believe that that
people don't get that that there needs
to be a transparent process
and again of course they're gonna
they're gonna use what will go ahead a
public release people I mean it's like
Steve Jobs who was truly an evil human
being and I was in Sioux kadhi park when
he died and several many and I love
these kids in Zuccotti they wanted to
have a memorial for Steve and I'm going
no no no well you need to understand
there are 700,000 sweatshop workers in
China some of them were jumping off of
roofs you know to commit suicide but
there's there's the public relations
industry is so adept at manufacturing
these personalities and getting us to
build this false emotional relationship
you know they're out there slag sucker
Zuckerberg out there with his t-shirt I
mean they're very good at it yes and the
system the media platforms disseminated
and it's it's it's we have created such
sophisticated forms of propaganda and
people confuse how they are made to feel
with knowledge and that's why we're in
partly we're in such trouble because
these corporate media platforms and I
include MSNBC and PBS and which is a
wholly owned subsidiary the Koch
brothers they are dependent on these
personalities and the corporations that
they run and they serve as their you
know their public relations platforms so
you you talk about and we're here with
Chris Hedges the author of America the
farewell tour is we're talking about
right now and you know there was a lot
of ironies in what's happening right now
with the left and the right so I'm just
gonna read from your book says the
radical left and the radical right each
made up of people who have been cast
aside by the cruelty of corporate
capitalism have embraced holy war
they're marginalized lives battered by
economic misery have been
with meaning have been filled with
meaning now that they're activists right
so we're touches on the healed writing
this talking about the heels of
Charlotte's bill right and they hold
themselves up as the vanguard of the
oppressed both the left and the right t5
and the brown boys they hope that they
hold themselves up as the vanguard of
the oppressed they claim the use they
they claim the right to use force to
silence those defined as the enemy they
sanctify anger they are consumed by the
adrenaline driven for confrontation
these groups are separated as Sigmund
Freud wrote of those who engage in frat
aside by the narcissism of minor
differences so you're saying well out
some others finished it says it was
inevitable that we would reach this
point where we're unable to to address
the rudimentary us where the were unable
to address the rudimentary needs of its
citizens as I saw in the former
Yugoslavia and was true in the Weimar
Republic and John Russell so what's
happening is that is the state is uh no
longer able to meet the rudimentary
needs of our citizens and so people on
the right to you go into detail in the
book where you talk about the economic
term you know situation of the people
who are in Charlottesville and holding
the torches and those and the people on
the Left they share similar economic
deprivation and I love that that that
term about they they're the narcissism
of minor differences so can you talk
about that and how and and and I think
that the ruling elite are afraid of the
left and the right realizing that they
have common interests is that they
assassinated Fred Hampton hmm because
Fred was gone the great Black Panther
right in the sixties mmm-hmm was uniting
I mean he was addressing white Aryans in
Chicago who were applauding him no
kidding of you know that oh yeah I never
met building a poor people's coalition
as long as he remained a black panther
they could deal with them that's why the
FBI drugged him burst in there and
assassinated oh really
yes twenty four years old so you talk
about in the book that what people like
Fred wanted to do in the 60s you think
is a Scalia possible now because
economics have gotten so bad we've
hollowed out you know there's there's a
million statistics that can give people
examples how bad it is one of them that
I like to use is that eighty percent of
all workers are paycheck to paycheck
sixty-three percent of Americans can't
afford a thousand dollar emergency and
half of all wage earners are in less
than $30,000 and there was I was just
took a couple notes on this the other
day in the New York Times I had a couple
good articles on the plight of the
working class and the plight of the
middle class and these are just the
statistics these are just two or three
days ago
a decade later the typical middle-class
families net worth is still more than
forty thousand dollars below where it
was in 2007 black net worth is down 40%
Hispanic forty six percent since
nineteen seventy three American
productivity has increased by 77 percent
hourly pay has grown by twelve percent
if the federal minimum wage was tracked
to productivity it would be more than
twenty dollars an hour not seven twenty
five this is New York Times this isn't
some Trotskyite publication forty one
point seven million workers earn that
which is a third of the workforce earn
less than $12 an hour and almost none
have employer health insurance so what
we've seen since the financial meltdown
of 2008 is this disastrous policy of
printing money creating money out of
electronic ether an estimated twenty six
trillion dollars and where did it go
well it didn't go to rebuild our
infrastructure it didn't go to invest in
our public schools it didn't provide
universal health care for all Americans
it didn't forgive student debt it didn't
bail out the eight hundred people thrown
out of their homes because they were
cheated on their subprime mortgages it
went into the hands of the very people
who committed
massive global financial fraud please
make sure you're subscribed even if you
think you are subscribed there's a good
chance you're not so please check it
only takes a second and then click that
bell and that's how you know you'll get
a notice every time we drop a video they
still won't notify you every time we
drop a video but that's the best we can
do plus if you like the show you want to
support it please become a patron we
give you hours of bonus material every
week and come see a live show go to
jimmy dore comedy comm for our live
schedule
[Music]
