everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i'm here at the miserable liberal erotic
own not miserable
hello i just wanted to mention we're
talking about north korea and there's
there's been a solution to the north
korean problem and dorm chomps is gonna
tell us what it is real question is is
there waivers of dealing with the
problem there are a lot of proposals
sanctions big a new missile defense
system which is a major threat to china
will increase tensions there military
threats of various kinds sending an
aircraft carrier the vinson to north
korea except by accident has happened to
be going in the opposite direction but
will forget that but these are those are
the proposals that kind of proposals is
how to solve it actually there's one
proposal that's ignored i mean you see a
mention of it now and then it's pretty
simple proposal remember the goal is to
get North Korea to freeze its weapons
systems weapons and missile systems so
one proposal is to accept their offer to
do that sounds simple they've made a
proposal China and North Korea proposed
to freeze the North Korean missile and
nuclear weapons systems and the us
instantly rejected it and you can't
blame that on Trump Obama did the same
thing a couple of years ago same offer
was presented I think was 2015 the Obama
administration instantly rejected it and
the reason is that it calls for a quid
pro quo it says in return the United
States should put an end to threatening
military maneuvers on North Korea's
borders which happened to include under
Trump sending of nuclear capable b-52s
flying right near the border
maybe Americans don't remember very well
so the North Koreans had offered before
yeah hey if you stopped doing war games
on our border and flying nuclear-capable
planes on our border we'll cool it with
our nuclear program deal we've said no
to that
so we and Chomsky's assist at that
that's crazy
can't just blame Trump Obama said no to
it too
well guess what happened they got
together so here is here's Trump and
first of all just look how long they
stare at each other
1,000 2,000 3,000 4,000 5,000 6,000
7,000 8,000 9,000 10,000 11,000 what
they just stared at each other they
don't speak each Trump does not speak
North Korean or is it just Korean but
it's just Korean I was dumbstruck they
never ended the handshake either man it
wasn't just I contact the whole time
they were still going so it seemed it
seemed like Trump had memorized
something some kind of greeting in
Korean and he was saying it and he just
kept looking at him like you're not
saying it right I'm not gonna let go
first
don't let go if you like you let it go
we're squeezing that okay right would do
it seems he's okay so what somebody said
hey hey look the last two kids getting
picked for dodgeball so we said that on
Twitter so anyway you see this to
Chomsky talked about it it seems like it
looks like they're gonna trump's gonna
accept the offer and he's he's offered
to stop flying doing war games on their
on their border with nuclear capable
b-52s
that's what that's what it looks like a
lot of people like here's one newspaper
independent says they say it's a good
thing they go if the US and North Korea
can why not Indian Pakistan could the
Trump Kim summit inspire a wave of
unlikely peace talks you know when when
our Nobel Peace Prize winning president
took us from two wars to seven did Libya
ran out of bombs in Syria I didn't think
that the next president who was a was
everyone said it's a man man madman even
though they gave him a two eighty
billion dollars more a year for madman
bombs and spying powers and spying and
they expanded his spying powers he's
such a maniac let's help him spy more on
his enemies so I did not expect this I
did not expect Trump to be the guy to
create peace anywhere but here it is
seems like he's doing what Chomsky said
we should be doing which is accepting
this offer Jimmy can I tell you
something else that I don't think you're
gonna expect what that two norwegian
businessmen or lawmakers have already
nominated president Trump for a Nobel
Peace Prize Oh Mike come on no I'm
serious
it this is from TruthDig to Norwegian
lawmakers have nominated President Trump
for the Nobel Prize after the Singapore
summit with North Korea leader Kim
jong-un that and that is the sound of
Rob riders head exploded Rob Reiner Andy
Richter Rachel Maddow they're all the
same as far as their viewpoint they've
like what Ron paconne says I hate Trump
as much as anybody I'm not gonna let him
steal my critical thinking skills those
people have have they don't care they've
allowed Trump to steal they're critical
they now sound like the people screaming
Benghazi no matter what it is it's well
first of all here's what independence
says they say could this be a template
and they go on to say if historic
enemies like the u.s. and North Korea
can come together to for
a fresh start after months of escalating
threats what is there to stop any other
bickering countries in the world from
burying their own differences that's the
message from a senior politician in
Pakistan who suggested the summit
between Donald Trump and Kim jong-un in
a Singapore in Singapore could be a
model for new talks with India
what who would have expected this
that somehow trumps all his crazy
bellicose crap with the rocket little
rocket man as he called him somehow that
all led to this and now Pakistan and
India are talking to come on as opposed
to the Nobel Peace Prize winner who took
us from two wars to seven Oh
what does USA Today say USA Today says
Trump absolutely deserves credit on
Korean peace talks Australian Prime
Minister says the Australian Prime
Minister Malcolm Turnbull said president
Trump absolutely deserved credit for the
peace talks and historic meeting between
the leaders of North and South Korea
Turnbull told reporters in Sydney on
Saturday that Trump's hardline approach
on the Korean Peninsula helped lead the
North Korean leader Kim jong-un open up
to speech talks and the meeting this
week between Kim and South Korean
president moon jae-in in a demilitarized
zone separating the two nations Wow
so there's the there's some news people
and India in the England in the UK and
some lawmakers in Pakistan lotting this
saying this is a great idea now we got
the Prime Minister of Australia saying
the same thing let's go back to the
United States let's see what here's
Rachel Maddow she's the number one cable
news show host in the country Trump just
did peace so
he's agreed to what Chomsky said does a
tentative agreement visit this nut
that's as far as we can tell nothing is
been finalized
this is just a preliminary agreement
nothing's been finalized but here's what
Rachel Maddow has to say but which a lot
of people say this is a great idea this
is great that this is this unbelievable
this is happening nobody expected Trump
to do something good like this and here
it is it's happening and now it looks
like it might be a man inspiring
Pakistan in India so here we go here's
Rachel Maddow eleven mile-long border
with North Korea with what crossing on a
train and they've got a troubled and
varied history over the decades with
that country but Russia is also
increasingly straining at its borders
right now and shoving back US and
Western influence especially US and
Western military presence anywhere near
what it considers to be its own
geopolitical interests and one of the
things that they have started to loudly
insist on is that the u.s. dropped those
joint military exercises with South
Korea hey you it you know the one that
Noam Chomsky just suggested that we do
the one that's been lauded by Pakistan
and now the Prime Minister of Australia
the independent in the UK here we go as
kept those going as a pillar of US
national security strategy for seventy
years now we've kept that going as a
pillar we've kept our wargames off the
coast of North Korea that is a pillar of
national security that's you know when
you say a pillar of US national security
that's code for we're keeping military
there that's all that means
a pillar you know we have over a
thousand military bases around the
country those are also our pillars a
pillar did you know this was a pillar of
our Fortner of national security a
pillar that we antagonize North Korea
doing war games off
coast here we go until last night when
Trump casually announced that that's
over now he's doing away with those
blindsided everybody involved
so Rachel Maddow is upset that we're
ratcheting down our military tensions
with a nuclear power that's what that is
that's called attacking Trump from the
right he's not being bellicose enough
with our military enemies
why is he why is he offering to stop
doing war games
well because Chomsky just told you why
cuz that's a reasonable demand stop
flying nuclear capable airplanes off our
coast because we remember you decimated
our country not too long ago stop doing
that
Rachel Maddow says that's a bad thing
and who and why is Trump doing this you
ready here we go
and gave North Korea something they
desperately want and would do almost
anything for except he gave it to him
for free how come for free he gave it to
him for free no they did they said they
were gonna denuclearize that's the
tentative agreement so Rachel I like how
you get look they're helped us to have
this border crossing with Russia
so she's implying that Trump did this
cuz Putin told her don't told him to do
you want to watch that again I'll watch
it without stopping Russia it's just
this tiny little border 11 mile-long
border
why would you why would you mention that
would you ever even think Russia has
this tiny little border she literally is
tying Trump's deal with kim jeong-hoon
to to russia she did you know that in
Rachel Maddow could connect Kevin Bacon
to Russia in just two degrees she's had
a year-and-a-half of practice
all right I said I wouldn't stop and I
won't this done 11 mile-long border with
North Korea with more crossing on a
train and they've got a troubled and
varied history over the decades with
that country but Russia is also
increasingly straining at its borders
right now and shoving back US and
Western influence especially US and
Western military presence anywhere near
what it considers to be its own
geopolitical interests and one of the
things that they have started to loudly
insist on is that the u.s. dropped those
joint military exercises with South
Korea they've just started to do this
now that's been their position forever
this is a progressive news show
completely out of its mind twisting
facts to fit some crazy Russian
narrative and that somehow peace talks
are a bad thing because Trump is doing
it do you realize how crazy this is
the US has kept those going as a pillar
of US national security strategy for all
70 years now until last night when Trump
casually announced that that's over now
he's doing away with those blindsided
everybody involved and gave North Korea
something they desperately want and
would do almost anything for except he
gave it to him for free what what is
this she sounds like Sean Hannity
talking about Obama uh yeah right cuz
she wants to keep that number1 spot
which on him if he had when Obama was
president so this is exactly what's
happening and people repeat well here's
what Aaron Aaron Mattei said he's been a
friend to show me some real news he says
he's talking about this video clip I
just showed you he says this from Rachel
Maddow is a perfect window into the
prevailing mind cent mindset of elite
liberal pundit Rhee these days coming at
Trump from the right to lament his call
to pause US war games in Korea
and need I say it inferring that this
horrible development must be the fault
of Putin oh my god oh my god
here's what Adam Johnson says from fair
he's also a friend of the show MSNBC
again attacking Trump from the right
complete categorical erasure of South
Koreans and South Korea left the easiest
cheapest national security flattering
banality totally partisan myopia this
isn't Rachel Maddow beating war drums
this is her being the opposite of a
progressive why cuz Trump cuz she's got
to keep her number one rating spot as
the number one news person and all the
cable just like Sean Hannity talked to
Benghazi and this this dist isn't
something fun for us to make fun of this
has real consequences that what Rachel
Maddow does stuff like that here's
here's Andy Richter who I think's a fine
comedian love Randy Rick Richter the
work he does did good actor good
comedian good person I'm sure he's a
good person I have that feeling I can
tell but here is a guy parroting when
Rachel Maddow she's saying glad to hear
Maddow talking about cancellation of the
Korean Peninsula military exercises that
Trump promised for nothing in return
have long been a goal of Russia this has
long been a goal of Russia can we all
talk a lot more about how often Trump
seems to represent wrist over hours what
is wrong with what happens for a regular
normal person like Andy Richter what
happens what happened ah dude do you
know how many awkward inner
conversations I've had with people who I
agree with 99% of the time but then when
Trump comes up they start frothing at
the mouth and it's just you know I mean
it's one of those things like yeah I
don't like Trump either but I
want to see him startling cause of world
war nor do I think that fries for fries
isn't a good thing it is a good thing it
doesn't matter that I don't like the
players involved I this is lunacy I
don't know Jimmy can't we all talk a
little more about how Trump seems to
represent Russia's interest over what
are you talking about Harry says kind of
makes you wonder what Putin is telling
Trump and there supposedly frequent
phone conversation this is like this is
just unhinged crazy he decides to have a
piece of talk with a nuclear power and
you guys on him for it what Chomsky
just said we should be doing you know I
personally want to go through Andy's
rope tears tweets and go did it does he
also call out for the imprisonment of
war criminals so here's here here here
are these people from the hashtag
resistance Rachel Maddow a fine
gentleman Andy Richter who I'm sure they
also said Trump is a madman and he's
good can I have his finger on the
nuclear button and he's crazy and that
shouldn't happen and then they go hey
maybe we should keep wrapping up but
tensions with the nuclear power though
why doesn't he want to keep ratcheting
up tensions with the nuclear power so do
you see how that's contradictory how
that doesn't make any sense
how what Ron says has happened to these
people that you've let Trump steal your
critical thinking skills
you're literally contradicting yourself
he's a madman who shouldn't be allowed
the nuclear button he's gonna ratchet
down to hey what's the matter why is he
ratcheting down this crazy guy doesn't
want to do nuclear war with a nuclear
people give him more money for water
more money for war get Wu the crazy guy
and then expanded surveillance state
powers too what's going on with this
crazy guy why does why it is that he
wanted to do war wait a minute I'm
afraid he might do war which is it which
is it it's whatever it is today that
they Benghazi Benghazi Benghazi this is
your Benghazi
do you remember this is good the crate
this is my my mind is blown because I
because what cuz Carl Reiner I love Rob
Reiner hello Brock writer I think it's a
great great actor great director great
everything I love Andy Richter I
used to love Rachel Maddow and what is
and what has what you have said Ron has
happened they've allowed Trump to steal
their critical thinking skills it's
amazing
you're cheering on war you're cheering
on a guy who used to call a crazy man
you're cheering him on to ratchet up
tensions with another nuclear power and
somehow conspiracy theorist Rachel
Maddow who is a conspiracy theorist like
a maniac somehow brought in Russia to
this lick with a straight face like the
onion has already done stories like this
about her and here she it's like you I
don't even know if this is the onion or
not anymore Ron what did you want to say
well I was just gonna say remember back
in like 2008-2009 inch before Obama
disappointed everybody where there was
that group of people that no matter what
Obama did if Obama said the sky was blue
they would be like no it's not piers and
then I remember there was like a fun
thing on Twitter that a vegetable
thanks Obama or they would just thank
him for like random stuff like oh
there's gonna be college playoffs thanks
Obama just to like mess with that group
well now you have it just the other way
around and you know where no matter what
and all it is it's just partisan hackery
I hate Trump and Russia's so much I'd
rather have a world war than peace with
North Korea now let me tell you how a
Russian me manipulated you if Obama did
this you'd be celebrating it Trump did
it so it must be Putin must be Putin
this is it's amazing me it's almost like
MSNBC is in the business of promoting
war or something that is strange except
that's what they've always done since
the day they were in
ended the pro-war ah I thought a nuclear
holocaust was a bad thing then I found
out Putin also isn't a fan so it must be
good that's this is Russia's new this is
it Russia's interest that's what this is
Ron this is Russia's interest you know
only Russia cares about not having
nuclear war they came up with that
before we were like God might be okay
you know even though this isn't a bad
thing I'm gonna be full I'm gonna be
against it because you know I'm a
centrist hey and North Korea's in
cahoots with Russia in five four three
two one that's coming next that's
covered so and again I don't mean to
pick on Andy Richter there's he speaks
for I would say almost the entire
Democratic Party besides the progressive
Bernie wing and even a lot of those
people are like hey come on you have to
get come on I like Bernie but still
Russia a lot of people do that birdie
says that right Bernie Bernie
pushes the Russia thing doesn't he well
I mean he doesn't knock it down no he
doesn't know and yeah I mean there was
some of those tweets out there know you
started so like a politician yeah yeah
well that wasn't his actual account it
was the account that he had to give away
yeah his staff tweets that yeah yeah oh
he so yeah it's like I wouldn't it's
definitely an out I wouldn't let the
Jimmy Dore show tweet Pro
Russia's gate Oh little do you know
like I don't I don't I don't even know
how to get into that account it's not my
account the Jimmy Dore show don't you
