how would he welcome to the jimmy dore
show I'm here with Rob buco and his new
haircut thanks for noticing Jimmy
fantastic the shorter you cut it the
more it looks like you have I know that
trick so I wanted to work you have an
interview coming up with Aaron mattei
from the real news and I wanted to talk
to him about this interview that he did
with a guy named Luke Harding there's
Luke Harding
that's his name and this is the book he
wrote called collusion now you know
we've been making the case that the why
we oppose Trump on most everything he's
doing and think that he is a blotch on
everything he was the logical conclusion
to both political parties turning their
back on the working people and the
middle class and the poor and everybody
except the upper couple percent so and
we've been debunking this whole Russia
thing which is we've said is the
Democratic Party's I did so don't look
at what we did we ran a neoliberal
neoliberal so this is neoliberalism and
they don't want to say that's the
problem so they say Russia so you know
what we've been saying and there has
never been any proof none we probably
we've had William Binney on and let's
say whistleblower to show you there's no
proof and that there's and when they say
collusion and hacking what do they ever
mean you ask people what does that mean
when you go how did what's the crime
because you have to start at a crime
right Ron you have to start at a crime
of okay well Trump colluded with Russia
start at the crime what was the crime
what was the crime Trump Trump hacked
the DNC server know the Russians hacked
it even though William Binney said it
that didn't happen and nobody all that
stuff so you know I don't want to go
through the whole thing again you're not
a patriot what watch our interview with
William Binney watch that and then to
show you how much there's nothing there
Aaron Mattei did this interview with
Luke Harding who wrote a whole book on
this called collusion wrote a whole book
on it he's a journalist from The
Guardian and watch he asked some I'm
just gonna show you the first three
minutes they talked for almost a half an
hour I we're just gonna show you the
first three minutes it's comical its
comical here we go
I'm Jana by the books author Luke
Harding a veteran journalist for The
Guardian and the papers former Moscow
correspondent Luke welcome let's
start with the book's title do you think
there actually was collusion I think
we're already across the line intensive
collusion I think actually you have to
go back a long way to see when it began
to dog how its first trip to Soviet
Moscow in 1987 do you think there was
collusion Oh way beyond we're gonna go
back to 1987 so the Russians knew he was
gonna be president in 1987 oh my god he
it's talked about who was president of
Russia then Kreskin now a lot of people
know that Kreskin sounds like Kremlin
Kreskin he could see the future so okay
so that's that's his first question
that's the first question about
collusion was there really collusion and
ego oh hell yeah you got to go back
painful by the Soviet Union where he was
discussing hotel deals and I think we
can say and I'm sure this is something
that the robert miller is looking at
that there's a kind of long term
relationship that doesn't mean that all
Trump is is an agent or a KGB colonel
mainly that there's been a kind of
transactional deal going back a very
long Randy that because that's also an
assertion of the infamous steel dossier
that there is a transactional
relationship between Trump and the
Kremlin and that Putin has been
cultivating Trump for several years now
but explain why you think that is and
what why you think there's evidence of a
transactional relationship well I think
you just have to kind of look at look at
what's happened we had Donald Trump's
trip back in the kind of late Cold War
period and I talked to a whole number of
sources of this book some in Moscow
summit London some in Washington some
defectors I met with chrissteele the
author of the dossier is where he met
with chrissteele the author of the
dossier which sounds impressive until
you realized chrissteele didn't
me with anybody who he talked to to
write the dossier and he paid people to
tell him stories and that's all that the
CIA was that's literally what it was a
guy Chris he had money throw around he
called people he knew 15 years earlier
in Russia he doesn't even speak
question he calls them since I got some
money if you have some stories on Trump
like oh we got stories you got money
we got stories he's so he says I've
talked to Chris Neil who did it meet
with anybody all right here we go
did you want to think no no and I think
what you have to understand is is is the
fact that the sort of Soviet state and
it's Russian successor is breaking on
kind of cultivating people particularly
Americans and bringing Trump over for
this kind of trip was was pretty unusual
it was it was what's known in the
intelligence traders kind of classic
cultivation operation and we know from
leaked KGB memos the kind of person they
were looking for were doing this period
was first of all how could it be unusual
that they brought him over if it's a
classic operation so that's a
contradiction right am I out of my mind
he goes so it was unusual they brought
him over to do this thing that's classic
what they do what he just did that right
okay all right someone who was vain
narcissistic interested in money
perhaps unfaithful in their marriage
basically Donald Trump kind of takes
every single box and when I was
researching this I tracked down the
daughters of the Syrian ambassador at
the time who went up to trumped flatted
Trump and said you've built the most
wonderful building in America and so it
goes on and I think it's gone through
phases what what what's going on what
the was that there was some girls
who went to Trump Tower to tell him he
builds a great building and so collusion
what yes and then there was that guy
that he talked to that didn't actually
talk to anybody that actually - there's
that guys it's fun three phases Moscow
has been interested in Trump no
interested in him and again most
recently according to the steel dossier
became more interested in him but from
about 2012 2013 onwards at a time where
Donald Trump was the sort of foremost
exponent of birtherism Obama was in
office and of course we have the famous
trip by Trump to Moscow in 2013 for the
Miss Universe beauty pageant
okay but
where then is the proof of a
transactional relationship well that
there are secret meetings as the book
says that we now know about some of
which we have discovered about in the
last few we have Donald Trump jr.
meeting with a Russian lawyer now famous
Natalia Miss Nude Scott having that the
first thing he goes to that's totally
been debunked there's nothing that woman
tried to get a meeting with him cuz she
wanted to talk about the beguine ski act
and what as soon as he figured I got
nothing that's all nothing that's all
nothing
it's like he's a crime novelist that
wants to pitch his book it not but not
be any spoilers
well did the murder take place well this
happens yeah it goes back to 1987 so
it's a page-turner
so it's hilarious he this keeps
happening through the rest of the
interview this keeps happening they keep
he keeps asking him for a proof of
transactional collusion anything
transactional relationship and he just
comes going well just saw this thing you
know there was a meeting and things and
they flew him over for a trip you know
which is very unusual which is classic
though what they do you know stuff like
that so here's how the interview ends
with again the journalists asking the
guy who wrote the book called collusion
for evidence of collusion and well it
doesn't end up well that P yes he does
not like Hillary Clinton he loathes the
US for many reasons including the
expansion of NATO and but I think we're
conflating that with evidence and and in
the conclusion that that meant that he
cultivated Trump and intervened in the
election I think those two things are
different that's your view and I would
it would be great if you could go to
Moscow go to Kiev go to post-soviet
world talk to people from the rational
position talk to human rights activists
talk to journalists sue colleagues have
been murdered and perhaps understand a
little bit better the kind of stage this
Putin's Russia is I think that has
nothing to do with the topic he's free
he's that's called a straw man he's like
well you're trying to tell me that
Russia is a good place and that Donna
and the Putin is a good person well
you're wrong cuz I that's not what what
they're even talking about remote
li and he keeps this the whole interview
was that the whole interview was him
saying what a bad guy Putin was of him
saying that doesn't mean that is
therefore evidence of collusion and he
just kept doing this here has how it
ends
do you see I don't think I've countered
anything you said about the state of
Latimer Putin's Russia the issue under
discussion today has been whether there
was collusion the topic of your book
yeah I never you okay me a connect
Legion rejectionist I'm not kind of sure
what evidence
Joseph Trump and Putin in the sauna
together would convince you clearly
nothing with domestic well how about
evidence of a crime to start with what
you've never said even what the crime
was
that would be it we have to have an
evidence of a crime first what was the
crime you won't say and then I don't
know actually after that evidence
linking Trump to it that would be it no
but again well look if this gets back to
the issue the question is whether there
is it there is any evidence so far and I
don't see it and it looks like luke has
logged off is that true well we've lost
Luke Hardy so that was it Luke just went
bloop he was like I've done I don't know
what sort of evidence is gonna take how
about evidence any kind sort of or not
any kind of evidence real evidence sort
of evidence evidence anything except
just a made-up story that you had so now
we're gonna go to the interview we're
gonna talk with Aaron about that
interview and Russia Gate enjoy can I
just say one oh wait go up sorry I was
just gonna say if I was Aaron I would
have sent a and afterwards thank you
email and ended with a smiley face
smiley face emoticon which means you're
a Putin puppy
enjoy enjoy our talk with Aaron hi
everybody welcome to the Jimmy door so
we have a special guest here he is host
and producer for the real news which I'm
a big fan of and he's contributed to the
nation which everybody likes and he has
previously reported and produced for
Democracy Now vice al Jazeera as well as
written for the Toronto Star the
intercept and watch this the LeMond
diplomatique I said it it's French he's
here it's Aaron matei I did it I got it
right choose French things in one
introduction and I got a word hi Aaron
thanks for being our guest hi Jimmy
thanks for having me you know I read I
love the real news and I always watch it
a lot
the stuff and you're a great interviewer
and you recently did an interview that
blew my mind and it was with that Luke
Harding and he wrote a book about Russia
gates and you started you asked him you
know for facts and what have you that he
would base his book on and he didn't
have any and we'll just tell me how he
just tell everybody how that interview
went and how it made you feel made me
laugh it made me laugh - I mean it's
funny so cool so Luke Harding is a
former Moscow correspondent for The
Guardian he's written several books
including about Edward Snowden and
Julian Assange and he was criticized for
that because he never actually spoke to
either Julian Assange
or Edward Snowden and it's that I think
same ethos that he brought to his latest
book which is called collusion
and it's all about it's all basically
alleging that Russia helped Donald Trump
win the u.s. election and it's a
number-one US bestseller number one on
the near times paperback best selling
list fawning interviews on MSNBC and NPR
and it was everywhere and I heard some
interviews and I was just amazed that
nobody was at was asking him and any
challenging questions and then you know
I was hearing questions like are you
afraid for your life for speaking and
you know out against Putin and stuff and
so anyway I you know but you know we do
book interviews all the time and so I
just we reached out and we arranged an
interview and we did this would turn out
to be a 30 minute or 29 minute interview
and you know I started off by asking him
so you know let's start with the title
of your book do you actually think there
was collusion and it proceeded from
there where you know he doesn't have any
evidence of collusion doesn't have any
even have any evidence of of this claim
that Russia hacked mm ik r attic party
emails and you know in my view of it his
argument boiled down to the fact that
Putin is not a very good
he's a bad leader yes but you know I
don't know enough about Russia to really
argue with I mean I do think that some
of the portrayal of Putin is overblown
he's demonized but certainly he does
some not nice things he's got some
authoritarian tendencies sure I mean no
argument there but the topic is I kept
trying to impart to him what was
collusion and it's on that front that he
just couldn't you didn't in my view
offer any evidence at all yes it was
well if this goes back to and the reason
I bring that up is because I wish I
could make the whole country sit down
and watch that interview and it's like
you said about 29 minutes long and it
just exposes that is someone who's being
heralded in the establishment and the
mainstream press as has written a book
about collusion actually there is no
there there there was nothing there and
when you pushed him on it he would use a
lot of mealy-mouthed words like sort of
and like this and you've got to
understand and stuff like that but there
was never any facts or proof then which
is the problem and you know it's all
about well you have to understand that
these guys are bad guys and you have to
trust the CIA and it just doesn't make
any sense
can you how is it that you're not bought
your net you didn't buy into the Russia
gate stuff how come yet you see through
it like we do here at the Jimmy Dore
show as just a amazing prop this is how
propaganda works right this is how it
works you get the establishment in bed
with the media and if by it gets clicks
it gets ratings it sells papers and so
that's how it keeps going everybody gets
rewarded financially for doing it right
exactly I mean that's what it is i mean
you know i read Chomsky growing up you
know i like glenn greenwald you know i
like your show but it doesn't take a
special power and you don't have to like
glenn greenwald or the jimmy dore show
to be skeptical of government claims i
mean especially if you're journalists
that's just what you're supposed to do
is be skeptical of what some officials
tell you is true so so can i just just
let me interrupt you for one second is
that i was on a news show recently
they asked you know well how do you
approach this meaning the Russia gate
thing and I said well I just approach it
that the government is lying and then we
go from there and they all laughed at me
I'm like I thought that's what
journalists are supposed to do no yeah
but even then I mean even if you
actually you know believe your
government or or have the tendency to
believe your government at least you
want to see some evidence you know and
that's the point here it's like there
literally is nothing I mean a year ago
we had this intelligence report from a
hand-picked analysts from three agencies
handpicked by James clapper James
clapper who has said publicly that he
thinks Russians are genetically
predisposed to mislead people
and this report claimed that there was a
Russian operation to influence the
election through email hacks and through
social media and through its outlets RT
and Sputnik which nobody except for a
very small number of people you know
watch or listen to and so they say that
but they didn't present any evidence I
mean was just obvious and most of that
report or a lot of it was about like
this weird sort of half-baked media
criticism of Arty's coverage from like
seven years ago you know they were they
were talking about how they covered
Occupy Wall Street so I mean the report
was a joke but to answer your question
how people taking it seriously I think I
I see Russia gate as a privileged
reinforcement racket to - seriously
reckon with Donald Trump's victory would
mean for privileged people to you know
look at the economic system that they
benefit from and that a lot of people
who voted for Trump don't or feel that
they don't at least but there's just a
refusal to do that and so in order to
sustain your privilege you have to find
an outside culprit and what perfect what
more perfect culprit then Vladimir Putin
who for years has been demonized and
targeted by the US and of course before
Putin many other Russian governments so
it sort of converges with a very
established bipartisan Washington
orthodoxy to blame Russia for everything
so um well then Wow first of all very
that's very insightful
I guess I had kind of stumbled over a
bit of that same thing in a sense where
I was like well this is the Democratic
Party not wanting to admit its own
failings but it's even bigger than that
it's right because it says as you say
it's the it's the ruling class that
doesn't want to admit how this happened
it's a growth industry for too many
people in too powerful positions so yes
the Democratic Party it starts with them
we know from the book shattered the
inside account of the Clinton campaign
that within 24 hours of Hillary Clinton
losing her team meant and they decided
to blame Russia and blame Comey and they
got to work they got to work to spin
this story to the media we know that for
people in the media it's there's been
the stream of leaks from partisan
Democrats mostly who've been collecting
evidence over the past year so based on
you know as part of their investigations
and also from people inside the FBI and
CIA who obviously don't like Trump and
have been feeding selectively
information to fuel this Russia gate
story so if you're a journalist you get
leaks and you get by lines you get
cliques and stories you get appearances
on on cable news to talk about this
stuff for cable news outlets like MSNBC
it means ratings like they've rode this
wave to the top of the ratings it's been
great and it has like the cachet of like
a real-life spy thriller so it's kind of
exciting for some people I guess yes and
then as I said you have this established
bipartisan cold war establishment in
Washington that you know feeds off
