hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
I'm here with Nick Branagh the founder
of a People's Party movement for a
People's Party and Rob Lacombe hello hey
Nick
Hey so this it's not stopping it's not
stopping
this is from August 24th 9:41 a.m. by
Jacqueline Howard over at CNN did you
know that one of the ends in CN n stands
for news the other one is not why
Russian trolls stoked us vaccine debates
now this is this is fantastic so what I
think what this headline would be better
if they took out the why and then just
put a question mark here Russian trolls
dog you as vaccine to debates question
mark that's hot that's that's the
headline right oh yeah yeah uh you know
and by the way when I see it when I see
a tweet about public health that has a
goofy cartoon me my really pay attention
I mean I pay double attention if it's in
broken English that's right that's Holly
okay so let's get into the article
Russian meddling online went beyond the
2016 US presidential election and into
public health amplifying online debates
about vaccines according to a new study
the recent research project was adapted
to study how social media and survey
data can be used either to better
understand people's decision-making
processes around vaccines it ended up
unmasking some unexpected key players in
the vaccination debate Russian trolls
the study published in the American
Journal of Public Health on Thursday
suggest that what appeared to be Twitter
counts run by automated BOTS and Russian
trolls masqueraded as legitimate users
engaging in online vaccine debates the
bots and trolls disseminated both Pro
and anti vaccine messages between 2014
and 2017 hmm today we're going to be
talking about vaccines
you take one straw you get big
you are pro you'll be a small one you
are anti and that is our job today
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
that's a real article this is a real
article the researchers started
examining rush control accounts as part
of their study after NBC News published
its database of more than two hundred
thousand tweets tied to Russian linked
accounts this year they noticed vaccine
related tweets among the Russian troll
accounts and some tweets even use the
hashtag hashtag vaccinate us they even
use how dare they armed with a hashtag
the humanity some had up to 300
followers how many used memes though oh
right there's the big question that's
when you're taking down campaigns these
these known Russian troll accounts were
tied to the Internet research agency a
company backed by the Russian government
that specializes in online influencer
operation what does that mean backed by
the Russian government I mean isn't
Google backed by the United States
government they're backed what does that
mean back they don't say funded didn't
say funded they said backed that's
that's a deliberate choice right they
said back that funded I have a feeling
that one of the editors meddled and
influenced that choice to say that yes
this gets better for the study the
research collected and analyzed nearly
1.8 million tweets from July 24th what
they analyzed 1.8 million tweets between
July 2014 at September 2017 while
examining those vaccine related tweets
the research has discovered many BOTS
accounts including content polluters
which are accounts that disseminate
malware are unsolicited commercial cont
amines spammers freaking spam people are
spamming people are on social media
spamming you trying to build up an
audience so they can then advertise to
you that's what all that's all Twitter
and Facebook is about that's all
Facebook is trying to build up people
that we can spam with advertising so
internet research company they
spam people they're on both sides of
every issue they know how to get it
people excited and then people stop
following them and then they spam them
with advertising
well Jimmy how did you figure all of
this out you must have done a three-year
study yourself the researchers also
uncovered a wide range of hidden online
agendas this is all of the reporting on
Russia gate is like this it's so
meaningless you're not up you're not
upset that they discovered since agendas
hey you're not mad yet well some of the
agendas were hidden yeah hey is that an
agenda in your pocket are you just happy
to see me okay there's more get this
there's my favorite part this is my this
is my second favorite part I lied this
is my second favorite part my favorite
part I'm saving when it came to the
Russian troll accounts the researchers
found 253 tweets containing the hashtag
vaccinate you it out of 1.7 million
tweets they found two hundred and fifty
three tweets with the hashtag vaccinate
us this guy says there are 200 billion
tweets on Twitter per year this study
identified 253 tweets over a three-year
period which it can't confirm our
Russian linked sounds like a Russia gate
scoop to me by posting a variety of anti
Pro and neutral tweets and directly
confronting vaccine skeptics trolls and
BOTS legitimize the vaccine debate the
researchers wrote the study what the fun
who are these researchers and when are
they returning their degrees no kidding
what the hell see by being on both sides
of the debate they legitimize it a bit
with 253 tweets over a three-year period
out of so there's 200 billion tweets a
year that's 600 billion tweets and
you've identified 250
and they're influencing America we found
no seam but that was their plan no this
wasn't a waste of time no it wasn't
there was no theme they were on every
side of the issue at sometimes neutral
that's part of their plan so to discord
that's why the number of people who
consider it a top issue is within the
margin of error who consider Russia as a
bear it's one one percent less right
less than one percent and it's declined
as they talk more about it you know I
find that actually astonishing that is
an astonishing failure of the media to
set the agenda in the United States that
they could invest so much time and
energy talk about it stop pushing Russia
and it you you can't even you can only
get 1% of people it actually declines as
you talk about it more right it's a law
of diminishing returns I guess right so
here is uh well there's more this is
good this is ready this is consistent
with a strategy of promoting discord
what does that mean across a range of
controversial topics a known tactic
employed by Russian troll accounts such
strategies may undermine the public
health normalizing these debates may
leave the public to question
long-standing scientific what is the
 point of this this is this
diabolical plan to start with 253 tweets
over a three-year period to get people
sowing discord around vaccines this is
really a Kremlin plot 253 tweets over
three on three years yes this is their
big plot if this wasn't at CNN for real
I would think this was at the onion uh
probably reprinted there yet has
probably it probably is reprinted from
the onion the study remains lit here's
now here's my favorite part so this was
literally paragraph eight
in this story paragraph 18 when they
finally admitted the study remains
limited and it's difficult to determine
with the hundred percent accuracy who
was behind the Twitter ik although they
oh they were for sure if you saw the
head like we got them we did it we got
it we know who it it oh by the way we
don't really know this is called fake
news and distally it's even more
difficult to determine it accounts true
intent what they so you don't know what
the intent of the account was or who
owns the account but let's write a
Russia story anyway I think that the
actual study was a study within a study
yeah I think the real study is let's
give some mediocre researcher shrooms
every day for three years and see what
they think they've uncovered then they
came back and they're like we looked at
1.8 million tweets and Russia and
they're like wow alright the ironic
thing is Ron is that when CNN posts an
article like this they're actually
sowing discord and Distan formation in
the United States that's the irony
they're the one actually pushing
propaganda in a political way to deceive
people and influence people in a
dishonest way this is disinformation
more people saw that article than saw
those tweets that's right ah so consider
this is Marta more of the article so
considering that the agency has engaged
in hot-button debates online before to
promote discord what the the new study
suggests that the intent could be the
same when it comes to fueling vaccine
debates it could be we don't know
because we don't even know what their
intent is or who they really are
we don't even up but so all this stuff
could this is like a Rachel Maddow
but in print this is like a Rachel
Maddow episode in print I'm guessing
they're wearing tinfoil hats while they
were writing this so that the Russians
didn't know brain waves
yeah I don't know if it would seem
strange once you understand their goal
this is from the study I don't know if
it would seem strange so once you
understand the goal which is basically
to divide both sides against the middle
they're going to grab onto all of those
social issues you know what there are
253 tweets over three years they're
going to grab out to all those
socialists is so far example black lives
matter all lives matter
immigrants are destroying America
immigrants are great for America Warren
said it's basically the hot-button
political issues of the day they're
happy to grab on to whatever is salient
he said I think that they want us
focused on our own problems so we don't
focus on them I get this is just making
 up I think what they're doing is
they want us that what you mean the
troll farm that's trying to spam people
with advertising which is on every side
of every debate if most of our energies
are focused internally with divisions
inside of the United States or divisions
between the United States and say Europe
that leaves a window open for Russia to
expect its fair when does CNN's Facebook
page get taken down when does that
happen
when does Jake Tapper's page get taken
down from lying repeatedly about
Medicare for all which he lied about at
the top of his lungs and he did
it twice he doubled down when he got
caught double down on the lie and now
you know why people don't trust the
media and now you know why trust in
media is at an all-time low because
we're tweeting a lot beneath all of this
beneath all of this is the fact that
there is a political party that rigged
the twenty-sixth election a rigged in
America action in the u.s. it's true you
know they were cut there was
documentation there were emails released
there was there were co-conspirators
that confessed to the crime and guess
what it was the Democratic Party the
Democratic Party that rigged an American
election
and they've spent the last two years in
this incredible circus blaming the
Republicans for doing precisely what it
is that they did yeah well they're
blaming the Russians right when you say
you're blaming the Republicans they're
really blaming when Trump blaming the
Russians exactly yeah for meddling for
unfairly again again they'll never tell
you what they did that oh they meddled
in the election you mean they told
everybody you guys cheated in the
primary yeah that kind of meddling
that's how they meddled no one's ever
accused the Russians of actually hacking
into machines and switching votes that's
not the accusation the accusation is
they meddled in the election by memes on
Facebook some tweets and that they
revealed the emails of John Podesta and
the DNC which revealed that they were
cheating that's how they meddled in the
election they revealed that the
Democrats were cheaters that's the
meddling and allegedly that's all that
that's the allegation right you know
because Julian Assange has said that it
was not the Russians you know and it was
not the Russian she gave him that
information right oh you passed the
information so allegedly it was the
Russians who got that information right
we and by the way Julian Assange says it
wasn't the Russians and building yeah
and Bill Binney you know it talks about
how it's impossible for it to of Bill
Binney we just had him on this show he
is the guy who define founded VIPs
veterans intelligence professionals for
sanity who debunked WMDs in real time
and they are debunking this in real time
to accept the establishments trying to
throw him in jail for telling the truth
that there's no way it could have been a
hack because of the download speeds and
he's and by the way if it was the NSA
would have it because then I say if you
don't know is spying on every email they
have they have the data on every email
every phone call every text they haven't
so if that was really a hack they could
show it to you but they've never shown
it to us because there isn't any
evidence of it and by the way you know
when they said that 17 agencies all
agree and member then it came down to
three agencies and then it turned out it
was just a couple of guys that he didn't
see there were hand-picked well the NSA
in that report gave moderate confidence
that it was the Russia hacking they
didn't even say hi confidence they said
at the NSA which would be the agency
that would know about it
they said we have moderate confidence
which means that they don't have
evidence why wouldn't they have the
evidence if they've because they're the
NSA they would have it and you know if
you have the evidence gee it would have
been a really good idea to release that
during the election good enough like
because that would have guaranteed that
you would have won reelection so if you
had the evidence you know so yeah I mean
it's all a dog and pony show I know then
then of course there's the fact that it
the United States does things regularly
you know like regime change you know
manipulating election I mean the u.s.
does this as a matter of policy well
just to be devil's advocate here are we
sure that they don't have the evidence
because they weren't just too worried
about vaccines you know the Russian
trolls are trying to keep us divided
unlike the corporate media which keeps
trying to unite us thanks for watching
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are you're probably not
it only takes a second to check and then
you have to ring that Bell so they send
you a notification when we drop a new
video otherwise they won't tell you when
we drop new videos and if you like our
show please help support it become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we give a live
stream we do a live stream every
Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time when
you could ask us questions and we answer
them back thanks for your support
[Music]
