let me just break it down so the new
Nia's memo is what the GOP was
threatening to release which was
supposed to show all this malfeasance
happening inside this investigation and
showing people to be using well what the
direct accusation was correct me if I'm
wrong on this Rhonda to correct
accusation was that they had these FISA
warrants which means they can spy on the
Trump administration and the accusation
was they used the steal dossier to get
these these the warrants the Bison court
to sign off on these eavesdropping mmm
the fact that there's a FISA Court which
meets in secret is anyway right
away like that nobody just that that's
what people's hair should be having fire
about right away there's a secret court
that's not a court then by the way
that's that which is why the FISA Court
signs off they say almost on everything
so so that aside this specific case they
said they used the steel dossier to
present to the judge and they didn't
tell the judge a lot of mitigating
identified they didn't say well this was
actually opposition research it was put
together by a guy who's sworn to make
sure Donald Trump doesn't become
president which is hate for it was paid
for by opposition resource
risa all that stuff and by the way that
that dossier is mostly that's
been discredited and the parts that
haven't been discredited that are in
there were already printed in newspapers
before so it was just a hack job the
dossier and they use that to get the
FISA warrant and that's what they're
saying and there's lots more to it which
also there's more to it cuz it's there's
a lot of them a lot of ins a lot of outs
as the as the dude would say there's
lots of things a lot--lot of things
connected a lot of ins a lot of outs and
so we and I mean the Royal we here we go
let's say here's what the Washington
Examiner put together that the House
Intelligence Committee
they released the the memo detailing
alleged abuse oh hang on by the FBI yeah
let me do this let me start it again
looking at the wrong thing so that's
that that's that's the Nunez guy there
you go
so this and it says the steel dossier
formed an essential part of all FISA
applications against Trump campaign
advisor Carter page right so they were
using this guy to get the FISA warrant
and they're saying that the state was
just what we told you the steel dossier
was compromised that also said in this
new Nia's memo the new Nia's memo says
that this guy FBI director Andrew McCabe
confirmed that they wouldn't have been
able to get that FISA warrant without
that that dossier stuff and theirs and
so the Republicans noonas are saying
well that that dossier is completely
compromised and they didn't end the way
they got it and stuff they held back
information from the FISA judge so
that's the accusation and so either way
there's a couple of things that are
really bad the FBI what and that the
intelligence community some which people
referred to as the deep state was it
actively working against Trump is that
that's not is that up for debate I mean
that guy Morrell what we know I don't
think you've talked about this for a
long time now and I not only have we
said like yes they're against Trump and
then the other thing that that's just
were thrown in there they're against
Trump for all the wrong reasons right
it's not as a policy the revenues it's
because they think in the mindset of the
war economy they think a mindset of
defense and they're worried that Trump
because he says a knee-jerk reaction in
Campu he's gonna say something that they
don't want the public hearing oh well
that all I they don't like him they also
didn't like that he wasn't a cold war
guy hmm that's another big thing he's
not even it can't be controlled said it
know that he was gonna yes and that he
was gonna dead due date on Twitter uh
she and Putin and right now they're like
whoa whoa whoa people are getting sick
and tired of the war on terror they
which I love that the war on terror is
all about they have nine
Oh Micah they might cut your head off
with a knife oh wow
with 1/3 drones wait till they get guns
anyway so back to this so I think that
had something to do with the two that
he's that Trump did not want to escalate
in Syria and around the Russian border
all that stuff I think that had a lot to
do with it which is why they're painting
him as a Putin puppet but here we go so
then back to the Washington Examiners so
that he says what I just told you that
there wouldn't have been able to get
this warrant without that dossier and so
then the whole thing about new needs is
that dossier is BS okay but okay so
let's keep going but now today they're
saying he didn't testify to that now the
Democrats are have their own memo this
is true now the Democrats have the
remember and they're saying that he
didn't say this well why doesn't
everybody just release everything and
then we can make it but so now they're
not so they're going back and forth on
this and why do the Democrats even fight
this anyway anyway here we go so let's
keep going let's see what it says bang
Getty bang the political origins of the
steel dossier were known to the senior
Department of Justice and FBI officials
but they so that's what we said they
didn't tell the FISA judge the
connection the connections about where
first came my position research and so
this guy
Department of Justice official Bruce or
met with Christopher Steele the guy who
put together two dossier in the summer
of 2016 and he relayed to the Department
of Justice information about so this guy
or according to told the Department of
Justice hey this guy Steele who put
together this dossier is super duper
biased against Trump becoming president
and that was the impetus for a lot of
this stuff and that's and he supposedly
told the Department of Justice that's
what they're saying
um
come on and steal told or that he was
desperate that Trump not get elected and
was passionate about him not become so
that's what we're saying so that's why
they're saying how could you use that a
it was a originally opposition research
and it came from an opposition research
company meaning fusion G and so and so
then President Trump released it he did
he released a memo I don't think is
there any more to this video from the
examiner let me see Trump officially
Declassified the memo completely
unredacted okay well Jimmy I think now
might be a good time to point out to the
the other kind of the other effect here
by them omitting that information of who
this was from and the motivation of the
person it was from is that at some point
in this they also just double dipped on
evidence by using an article from Yahoo
I'll read this directly from the
document so this is another let me just
before you do this is also a very key
point and I forgot to mention this is
thank God you remember to bring this up
this is a very key point go ahead run
all right so the Carter page FISA this
is from the document itself the Cardiff
a page FISA application also cited
extensively a September 25th 2036 me
2016 Yahoo News article by Michael I
skin huh which focuses a cuff is it off
excuse me which focuses on pages July
2016 trip to Moscow this article does
not corroborate the steal dossier
because they were saying well this
corroborates the dossier
well here's the thing who provided the
information for this yeah because it is
derived from information leaked by steel
himself to Yahoo News so let me just
tell you what happened
so what Ron just read to you is exactly
what Dick Cheney did with Judith Miller
and the New York Times with the
illuminant tubes right so if you don't
know that story I'll tell you very
briefly
Dick Cheney would tell Judith Miller who
worked for the New York Times that all
this insight into highly classified
information about Saddam Hussein having
these aluminum tubes that could produce
weapons of mass destruction it was all
 but that Judith Miller would
print it on the front page of the New
York Times and then Dick Cheney would go
on Meet the Press and say
even the New York Times confirms this so
now they did the same thing here
steel puts together this dossier then
leaks it to Michael X is a cough he
printed in Yahoo News the FBI then uses
the Yahoo News report report as
corroborating evidence for the dossier
which is that's you can't so that's
another that's like thank God she was
American wait that's not how that works
so that's the same that Dick
Cheney did with the New York Times and
Judith Miller to get us into a war and
now the FBI is doing the same thing to
try to get a FISA warrant on Trump so
and and think about that they've had
this warrant for a long time and nothing
yet so let's I could people keep saying
wait for the investor I were waiting are
we our prediction was always that Trump
is a corrupt oligarch just like
everybody just like everybody so that's
not what Ben remember that's not the
original charge the original charge was
a mentoring candidate not that he's
corrupt in business so that's the thing
that they've been pushing forever which
people just take as fact now by the way
that he's a Putin puppet
that's the original charge so when
people are gonna start moving the
goalposts and saying see he's corrupted
business but that's not everyone always
admitted that that everyone always
agreed that that was probably the case
probably so we never that's not what
this is about and don't let people do
that but that's a key part that the FBI
they were doing exactly what the Dick
Cheney did to get us into the Iraq war
they used the source of Christopher
steel who said he will do anything to
make sure Trump doesn't become president
he writes the dossier he leaks it to the
Yahoo News the FBI takes the Yahoo News
article as corroborating evidence to the
FISA Court doesn't tell the FISA Court
were they Kasich off and the Yahoo News
got that information do you follow I
hope so
so that's super which I don't I
to me that's a bit to me that's a big
 deal a lot of people are saying
that's not I don't I could be wrong
about this but in my opinion that's a
big deal is that a big deal to you I
don't get that big deal I mean the one
thing
that I've responded to like over the
past day or so is the kind of partisan
theater that's been going on around this
you have the establishment democratic
side that is making this out like a
total nothing burger well no it's not a
nothing burger but then you have lately
like the far right over on Fox News
that's making out like well this is
everything and this is oh now everything
is and it's really it's just two sides
of the money party just doing bickering
right of us the illusion yes meanwhile
neoliberalism destroys the world right
so is the end game ultimately that we go
and I destroy Russia that's I don't know
what their end game is but it certainly
is a buildup of the military-industrial
complex what can i I want to add a small
side note to when you mentioned the the
moving of the goalposts have you guys
noticed in the corporate media a lot of
the headlines don't use the collusion
word no not at its interference yes I
hear that's still worth pointing out so
now you know it has shifted to Trump
interfering with an investigation that
now it's the total different charge
totally unknown so let's watch there's
any so now Mark Warner topped Senate
Democrat he says that the memo is
reckless and demonstrates an astonishing
disregard for the truth
unlike the Red Scare that's being pushed
right now by everywhere
that's not reckless and it shows an
unbelievable disregard for facts and
evidence again this is from the
Washington Examiner so that's that so
guess what so this guy Lee Zeldin he's a
representative Lee Zeldin he's an
official US congressman of New York's
1st congressional district he tweeted
this out mccabe did in fact testify
under oath that there would not have
been a FISA warrant if not for the
dossier it was recorded that's a that's
a big ballsy statement if it if the if
that's not true that that oh that that
should come back to eff this guy if
that's not true so I don't think he
would say that he might but according to
this congressman he's publicly asserting
that this is true and that that was
recorded he's not saying he's not using
melee mouth words here
so this is a big bold statement not like
well there's evidence of or those it
looks like or you don't I mean yeah this
is flat-out he said that so and you know
what I don't know a ton about this guy's
politics but if you have a name that
looks so close like Led Zeppelin you
gotta be bold not make any statements so
here's this is from the Washington
Examiner it says the premise of the new
Nia's memo is that the FBI in the
Department of Justice corruptly sought a
FISA warrant on a former Trump campaign
foreign policy advisor Carter page and
deliberately misled the court as part of
a systemic abuse of the FISA process
Schiff said as the minority memo makes
clear none of this is true if I again
Ron I guess I'm missing something
because it seems to me that is true that
when the FBI presented to the FISA Court
Judge the corroborating evidence to back
up the dossier which was a yahoo news
article which came from the fricking guy
who wrote the dossier and they don't
tell the guy that is exactly what that
is mm-hmm so this is the demo and that's
and that's a big deal now lots of other
people say that's not a big deal like
going well here's what Glenn Greene I'm
sorry you did I caught you on what I was
just gonna say this is a prime example
of what we were just mentioning about
you know the Democratic establishment
side trying to write this off as a
nothing burger on two sides of the
partisan hackery
yeah so why would they object to this so
much hmm with the members of the dead so
here
so the key lesson from this is what
Glenn Greenwald says and he's a smarty
pants guy and he's right just about most
of the time ever have have yet to see
when he wasn't the key lesson from the
new niaz memo is one that should be
applied in all cases it was supposedly
the lesson of Vietnam and Iraq
assertions from self-interested
government officials unaccompanied by
corroborating evidence should not be
assumed to be true well that's certainly
I don't know if that's the key lesson
well that's the well I mean that's the
old that's the meta lesson
definitely that's definitely the meta
lesson and that is by the way that is
something we are never going that is a
lesson we are never gonna learn
apparently mmm I mean Iraq just the Iraq
war just happened and now in fact the
Democrats are cheering on the frickin
CIA and the FBI and NSA are you on no
they're not other minds they're just
propagated they just they're just
pushing propaganda well and I'll be
honest - Jimmy going going back to the
the thing we just covered whenever I see
atom shifts name I have a hard time not
just shutting down yeah me I mean that
guy has gotten so deep into all this to
the point and you know he's he's local
here in the lobby I know him I bet him I
feel like calling that office every day
and be like you know you owe the the
people in your community a little more
diversity in the type of stuff you're
working on this is all your doing
Russia gate Russia gate Russia gave
Russia gave its what purpose how does it
make my life better in California just
for him to be pursuing this it doesn't
stuff it so did you see how many
homeless people we have in the state of
California right unbelievable so the
Democrats kept saying that that you
shouldn't release this memo because it's
gonna hurt security which is the same
thing they said about Chelsea Manning
the end and Edwards known it turns out
it didn't so that I'm always suspect
whenever someone has that charge of this
is gonna hurt security this information
you really turns out nothing in there
hurt security nothing right so the
Democrats were booked so again do you
understand how it hurt we this is why
you oppose Trump on policy because this
justice accredits everybody and people
that's why half the country doesn't
 boat do you get this is why half
the country doesn't vote you you get
this right now what so the whole idea to
me is I'm just sitting here I'm going
okay wait a minute there everybody's so
worried about Donald Trump and you've
said this again and again and again but
they all voted except five Democrats to
increase the military budget yes and
they gave him unlit and they increased
his unlimited spying power so he can now
spy on his enemies if he's really a
Putin puppet why would you let Trump be
able to spy on his enemies and say
anyway so let's go one more
he Glenn Greenwald and
as this the FBI and many Democrats
insisted vehemently that the release of
the new Nia's memo would endanger
national security now that we've all
read it is there anyone who believes
that this argument was even remotely
true or honest yeah there are some
people still saying that yeah there's
lots in fact lots but not anybody I
guess you know like Ron said III deposed
Trump as much as anyone but I'm not
gonna let him steal my critical thinking
skills and so a lot of people are doing
that a lot of people for whatever reason
and people I respect the idea of Trump
excites their lizard brain and they just
have a reaction right now that is
literally outside of Romans I met a lot
so the idea of Trump excites their
lizard brain the the the fear side and
that and you don't think correctly and
then you just do confirmation bias and
you grab evidence that yes he's the
worst yes this is the problem he's the
problem he's the problem he's the
problem and there's lots of people like
David corn and Michael Isikoff and
Rachel Maddow who know better in Chris
Hayes who know better than that yet they
still do this because it's profitable
because they're they're hacks you know
David corn was one of my heroes men when
he he was exposing the Bush
administration and oh it was fantastic
and now he's shown that he's got you
know he's just like Sean Hannity he's
coming out with a book now you can't
believe it's unbelievable wait wait you
see the book him and it's a call for
coming out with it's just crazy Red
Scare craziness well that's why somebody
asked me they were like well why don't
you think like MSNBC and CNN don't they
have don't they have don't they have an
incentive to kind of highlight this memo
just for clickbait sake and just for
ratings sake and actually no they don't
and the reason they don't is because
they're really milking the Russia yeah
and this diminishes that yeah that's why
that's why so somebody's Stephanie
Chateau Wanda thank you for breaking it
down right now the memo I'm doing as
best I can so this it and you know what
it's confusing to me so it's got to be
