everybody walked with a jimmy dore show
im here with rambla cohen and the
miserable liberal I'm miserable low so I
want to show you real quick that that we
talked about the FBI indictments they
invited and indicted Twitter BOTS really
that's what they indicted that they were
they were influencing the election by
posting stuff on Twitter and Facebook
literally I think like two ads on
Facebook and in favor of Jill Stein well
here's how vibe so box so most of the
media is had their hairs on fire over
this pretending it's a big deal here a
box
Andrew Pro kept and he wrote this and so
he's a little more he's a little more
level-headed about this just so it's he
said the new charges don't add much to
what was already publicly known about
exactly how Russia tried Russians try to
interfere in the campaign and they don't
contain any new allegations about anyone
in Trump's orbit
Mueller's indictment of 13 Russian
people and three Russian companies
accuses them of conspiring interfere in
the US political electoral process
including the presidential election in
2016 the indictments main emphasis
however is on the propaganda efforts of
one Russian group in particular the
internet research agency the in a sense
these charges are plucking the
low-hanging fruit of the Russian
interference while the social media
posts may be objectionable and may have
involved violations of federal laws it's
highly unlikely that they actually
affected an outcome of the election
which in fact the FBI admits they didn't
have an effect on the election when put
in context with the overall amount of
media Americans were exposed to in the
2016 campaign from a plethora of sources
the Russian efforts were likely a drop
in the far larger bucket so Fox has it
right this time so a good job it's again
nothing that's not billions of dollars
are being spent on the 2016 election
frite six billion dollars in free
advertising to Donna Donna Donna hands
and they're literally going after 12
Twitter trolls
this is unbelievable furthermore of the
over other allegations of Russian
interference involving the hacks and
leaks and leading Democrats of D of
leading Democrats emails and hacking
into election related computer systems
in many states play no role in any of
these charges so
is all again we've said this was a
nothing burger and this is important
this indictment does not allege that any
Americans or anyone in the Trump
campaign was aware of were involved in
in this Russian effort however it does
allege that some of the Russian
defendants posed as US persons and
communicated with unwitting individuals
associated with so there you go so now
here is Jill Stein because there they're
coming after Jill Stein
now with this I told you how this is
being used against the left so they're
gonna use Oh looked well we got to
protect everybody Bernie Sanders by the
way is in bed with the Russians they did
that I showed you I remember did that
here's our email ver the here it is are
happening at MSNBC right there at the
top of their lungs dark saying Bernie's
in bed with the Russians Bernie Sanders
response to Mueller's indictment does
not address that this Russian operation
tried to help his campaign / indictment
just as I reported Ari Trump that is a
remarkable image so there again their
death that that's how they do it
that's a smear campaign that's called
McCarthyism are remembers the one doing
it today he just happens to be the one
today Rachel Maddow will also do it
today I'm sure Chris Hayes will also do
it today well Jimmy I think we do have
to point out some of the biases here I
mean in Andrews article he clearly had
the bias of somebody who actually read
the indictment before writing back and
Ari has the bias of somebody who might
go to the Verret website seriously ah so
so they're coming after Jill Stein in
this and here she was on MSNBC and so
literally she's being she's being
charged with being a a in bed with the
Russians they're smearing her that way
and watch this host on MSNBC this is
mind-blowing special counselor Muller's
indictment which says that Russians used
social media to boost your campaign as
well as senator Sanders campaign in an
effort to damage Hillary Clinton and
then help Donald Trump so your reaction
to senator Sanders there look he's
saying that his campaign hadn't at least
an idea there was some level of
interference were you ever alerted to
any of these efforts by Russia to boost
your campaign so let me check were you
ever aware of these efforts by Russia to
boost your campaign you mean twelve
Twitter BOTS you mean
$50,000 in facebook ads do you mean that
uh okay so here she's got a great answer
back up for a minute to point out that
what was cited in the Muller indictment
was one Facebook posting okay one
Facebook posting and that's it that is
being claimed as evidence of our
campaign benefiting from a boost from
Russia one foot so again what this
reporter is doing is is she is reporting
facts without any context so she doesn't
go well they claim they boosted your
campaign but of course it was only one
Facebook ad and that's ridiculous
like that would be the way you would
report that honestly what she's doing is
pushing a narrative that Russia helped
Jill Stein and that's why Hillary
Clinton not president that's a dishonest
way to report that that's why you can't
trust the media that's why people come
to YouTube and get their news
from jaggoff nightclub comedians cuz I'm
not bought yeah how scary is it that we
live in a world where on occasion a
politician granted it's always going to
be a politician with no power but
nonetheless a politician has to
fact-check
the report yes and not the other way
around how beyond scariest oh my god
right that's such a good point
so Jill Stein literally has to
fact-check the reporter and the reporter
ignores it and talks over here let's
watch remember one Facebook post and in
other evidence cited outside of Mulder's
indictment
we were we were found to have received
one or possibly two facebook ads posted
by the so called internet research
agency so remember here on Facebook
there are a prop there are trillions
pieces of information posted so this
doesn't pass the laugh test actually
were you aware though of these were you
aware of literally two Facebook posts
that someone you don't know made that's
what their that's what she's asking her
were you literally aware of do you see
what's going on this is called
propaganda
this is called sensationalism this is
called misreporting the news
this is MSNBC were you aware of like two
random social media posts is not like
you weren't busy running for president
or anything Wow
but I'm sure there's a I'm sure there's
lefty shows who won't criticize this you
know you know there are through our
lefty shows who are gonna actually go
along with this and it gets better and
it gets better
watch this since you're talking about in
the Facebook post and of the agencies
advertisement had you been aware of
those it's pretty hard to pick up one ad
or one Facebook post among trillions
don't understand it I'm so so you
weren't you were not no you know we were
not aware but let me say we were aware
of other kinds of interference for
example we know that six billion dollars
in free airtime was given to Donald
Trump by the big networks six billion
dollars this was twice as much as
Hillary Clinton about four times as much
as Bernie Sanders way more than both the
independent candidates that you know is
that not enormous so first of all she
won't let her finish her point cuz she's
making one that undermines MSNBC's
 and she said you want to know
who influenced the election you guys you
gave six billion dollars in free media
to Trump you don't think that influence
that's not meddling in the election
let's watch this this is now this is
called corporate capture this is how a
reporter decides to then defend the
corporation this is called corporate
capture I'm sure she's gonna defend the
integrity of the network say they're
doing the utmost journalism and that
that's not true right
we'll see what well let's see what is
your rebuttal I mean she certainly isn't
going to admit to this charge is she so
that's not corporate captures I'm gonna
come and have my own phrase called
cognitive corporate capture the Triple C
Triple C will the Triple C here we go
here's what says what she says and it's
not Russian interference and I will say
I'm proud to say we actually had you on
our broad so she says well that's not
Russian interference did you see what
she said
I'll back it up and play it for you one
more time but it's not Russian
interference and I will say I'm promised
she conceded she just conceded what keys
and look at your sides face she's like
what you're conceding she's conceding
she goes it's not Russian interference
so it's okay if it's American ola dark
interference because that's what that is
here's a laundry list of how your
network is failing miserably at your
obligation to inform the American
populace well yeah I get all that but
we're not in Russia oh point to you what
yeah I give that we gave six billion
dollars to help Trump but you had a
Facebook and
this is lit this is literally that
happened that literally happened okay so
now there's some headlines this is
that's just Rob black owned tweeted this
house this is a very strong tweet dr.
Jill Stein's interview MSNBC admits they
failed miserably with their election
coverage giving excessive amounts of
time to Trump for the sake of ratings
but that's that it's okay for them
because they're not Russian that will
not be a headline anywhere tomorrow
morning that should be our headline for
this video mm-hmm and miss and NBC
admits meddling in election but it's
okay they're not Russian yes that's it
here's rot what raw story watch Jill
Stein comes unglued when asked about her
visit to Russia and bonkers MSNBC what
the so I guess maybe it gets a
little bonkers I don't know we're gonna
find out let's see how it goes
yeah let's see how it gets bunkered oh
but it certainly seems likely that it
had some impact so while we may never
know precisely whether these efforts
played a role in the outcome of the
election when we look at three of the
states that Russia targeted Michigan
Wisconsin Pennsylvania being among those
that they targeted Pennsylvania as well
if I didn't say that is it plausible
that these Russian actors created enough
influence that changed a few thousand
votes here and there and ultimately that
could have altered the election so let
me say the assumption here is that the
votes belong to Hillary
and that that my votes were stolen from
someone else and I think that's an
insult to American voters who really
deserve to choose who made it perfectly
clear that they did not like in fact
these were the most distrusted and
disliked candidates in recorded history
so to try to excuse my votes as being
stolen from Hillary is outrageous but
beyond that we have data we actually
have scientific data on how people voted
and what we know is that the people who
voted for me in vast majority over 60%
would not have voted if I wasn't there
and of the remainder who would vote many
of them would have gone to Donald Trump
so just asserting that those votes
belong to Hillary is just another sign
of the arrogance of the of the
Democratic establishment which is really
working overtime here to silence its
opposition and if you look at the smear
campaign that's actually been conducted
against me about being a Russian tool
when did that get started remember my
trip based on foreign policy on a piece
offensive on addressing nuclear weapons
and and that you were speaking against
the war yep while you were there
absolutely and trying to promote nuclear
disarmament and really substantive
climate emergency action talking not
only to Russian media and official on
that same trip I spoke to the deputy
lead negotiator for China at the climate
talks I spoke with Jeremy Corbyn the
head of the Labour Party in in the UK so
these are really critical issues and I
say what's wrong with our like what
official eye that this is not very rigid
discussed them before on this broad
that's just amazing yeah oh you're
you're over there advocating against the
Syrian war attacking them from the right
all your anti-war you're a commie that's
what that they just did it look at this
terrible horrible no good the former
Green Party candidate in 2016 election
spoiler melted down and mmm
ha damn what by implying people should
get to choose who they vote for do you
know do you understand why we have a
show do you understand while we have
that's so that miss NBC's supposed to be
the left media there they're basically
what do you have a FBI guy ocean you're
 chew and kidding me that's
horrible
you got this oh here's another one see
it Jill Stein has epic meltdown at MSNBC
when asked about Russian meddling hey
you know what maybe those headlines will
get people to watch because they'll
watch they'll go what the yeah I'm
not gonna believe a headline again yeah
I mean it was it was unreal
like I you know when I was putting this
together I was I was actually watching
the video with my girlfriend and I'm
just like where's where's the meltdown
do you see a meltdown maybe I'm more by
so where's the meltdown I just like know
that she's perfectly reasonable and
making a ton of sense I know I don't see
a meltdown I couldn't get over how
poison articulated all the facts and
nothing was kind of nothing took her off
track as far as what she was responding
to with facts we should maybe we should
title this Jill Stein calmly takes down
MSNBC hosts propaganda yeah after seeing
those stupid headlines like this I kind
of want to change it now right or at
Jill Stein's Jill Stein's awesome
Smackdown of MSNBC host propaganda
something like that what do you think
we'll talk about it afterward to finish
with this but just what I said is what
was gonna happen we've been saying it
all along which is why I've been
screaming at the top of my lungs about
this and and by the way just because
like if you do in a news show and you're
boring
that doesn't mean you're smart just so
you know just so you know a lot of
people make that mistake they go well he
must be intellectual because he's boring
right you ever see people do that yes I
see people make that mistake people go
WOW well that's really boring sometimes
he's just really talking over my head
you know like now he's just boring no
he's just boring boring and you too now
yeah so that's that's funny to watch
people make that mistake
yeah you know what when I watch somebody
like Noam Chomsky speak right I know
he's an intellect he's not boring he's
got a lot of meat and potato
it's a lot of facts that take your top
of your head right off yes and Chompy
like what the f anyway we warned that
this was this is how it happens they
using this against Bernie Sanders using
this against Jill Stein anybody who's to
the left of corporate Democrats is gonna
be caught up in this Russian smear so if
you're a lefty news show and you're
doing this now you know just how
destructive you've been are and then now
you can keep denying it and you will
they will you get they're gonna go right
on hey people who are for bombing Gaza
don't ever admit they're wrong
believe me all right people who defend
Israel over the Palestine they think
they'll never admit that they're
wrong and they're destructive
and they don't and they're not
consistent and that's the thing you're
supposed to be is it progressive you're
supposed to a understand who has power
in situations and be be consistent so
it's it it's has so again another again
I don't it's not a genius prediction
that we made here that this Russian Red
Scare McCarthyism is going to be used
against the left that's not a genius
prediction that's logic and it just
shows you how Trump makes people who
consider themselves on the left to turn
off their logic brain and engage their
lizard brain and you see that MSNBC host
what she did to Jill Stein that's
disgusting
that'll be in a movie in a few years
that'll be in a movie and it'll be a
movie about how the Russia Red
Scare McCarthyism was the worst thing
that happened in this country and how it
led to another right-wing
demagogue being elected in 2020 because
there was no left anymore to push back
and people lost complete hope in the
electoral process because we can't we're
giving one corporatist and another
corporatist
you got a corporatist war monger another
corporatist war migrant how dare
you ever step on the line and say you
might not support that that's why they
push back so hard on Bernie Sanders
that's why they pushed back so hard on
Jill Stein and that's why pieces of
on the Left pushed back so hard against
this show that's why please
sure you subscribed that's how another
way we can push back against the
bastards cuz their unsubscribing people
from independent news shows and they're
pushing CNN and MSNBC right now they're
doing it they are not they're trying to
barrage this show they're unsubscribing
you so please make sure you're
subscribed even if you think you are I
know you think you are you're probably
not check and click that Bell and please
if you can become become a patron or
come to our live show for viewer 24th in
San Diego that's this Saturday we'd love
to see you thanks for your support
[Music]
