everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i'm here with the miserable liberal and
ron own hi Jimmy hello we'll see
you October 12th that's our next live
jimmy dore show in Burbank California
special guest Abby Martin link for
tickets right below here so now
everybody knows who this guy is this is
Cory Booker his name is Cory Booker and
Big Pharma paid him a bunch of money to
vote against lowering drug profit
margins and what he did specifically was
voted against Bernie's bill that would
have made it illegal make it legal make
it okay for us to reinforce Canada so
it's the same drugs they're way cheaper
in Canada a because they actually
negotiate with the pharmaceuticals
unlike us and so Cory Booker was paid
off by the big pharma to vote against
that so he did senator Cory Booker of
New Jersey takes a lot of money from a
lot is's from open secrets you see all
the money he takes from people right
lawyers and law firms two million
securities and investments two and a
half million real estate one and a half
million TV movies that's our business
services so education s-- pro-israel
PACs half a million pharmaceuticals and
health there it is four hundred and
nineteen thousand dollars internet
lobbyists 417 so he's so that's why he
votes the way he does and then Andrew
Gilliam who just won the Democratic
primary for governor in Florida who was
divorced by Bernie who said he was for
single-payer right he was said he
campaigned on single-payer and well here
he is with Cory Booker watch this hey
it's Cory Booker an Andrew Gilliam from
the great state of Florida and listen
I'm a Jersey boy but I love Florida and
I want to say this in the name of love
I'm asking everybody out there that's a
support Andrew this I'm in the name of
love in the name of love Cory Booker is
asking you to support in the name of
love not in the name of self-promotion
go ahead a Bono's in the illiberal - so
really Cory's just you know making
connections this is awesome in the name
for love not for me trying to hook
myself
to them new popular progressive because
it looks too transparent when I try to
do with Bernie looks too obvious when I
try to deal with Bernie so now I'm gonna
hook myself to this guy and we're both
dressed exactly the same maybe you guys
will think we're the same so that's what
Cory Booker's doing let's see there's
more over the country trying to help
with this midterm but I'm gonna tell you
right now when it comes to priorities
andrew is at the top of my list because
his election will change not just
Florida for the better but will change
America but this did come on
I just don't don't you know he's gonna
try and sell you a used car after this
right you know that that's what's coming
Jimmy you're losing money if you don't
let's play a little more play a little
more of it yeah I'll talk we got to get
some action going rights right we need
them to do it we need you to go and
visit us at Andrew Gilliam com give a
contribution if you are a Floridian get
registered to vote we've got a boat like
our lives depend on it because in fact
our lives do depend on who the next
governor is of the state of Florida I'm
proud to have this man support and with
your help we're gonna bring on the win
on November 6 so there is an urgency
here please don't don't even take a
moment after you see this video please
do it now
do it now give it a little thing do it
now do me a favor share the video to a
friend to get them to do it because that
is it the power of the people is greater
than the people in power and do me
another favor sign up for this credit
card it gives you the most points of any
credit card and that and they and they
give one percent of their profits back
to the charity that's why I'm supporting
Capital One I'm Cory Booker it's uh
selling he's about to sell you a credit
card right yeah big-time the power of
the people is greater than the people at
power
says the guy who's been sucking the
people in power off for the last his
whole life just a little bit he said he
owed Betsey divorce and her organization
his political career that's who he is
and saying again he said what yeah he
said that yeah that Betsy DeVos and her
and her organization he owed them his
political career
yeah did he get a yacht out of it uh I
don't know what he got out of it
he got campaign money and so I get that
Gilliam is a Democrat and so is he a
Democrat except you're supposed to be a
progressive and this guy is the thing
you're supposed to be revolting against
cory booker is supposed to be the thing
you're revolting against so do you see
the problem these democrats get in they
have to break themselves in the pretzels
they have to twist themselves in the
pretzels to go along so what Gilliam is
doing there is twisting himself into a
pretzel to say he's proud to have the
biggest tool corporate tool or one of
the biggest corporate tools in the
Senate in dorsum by the way Cory Booker
this is what a this is what a cheap used
car salesman Cory Booker is he said he's
not gonna take any more corporate PAC
money remember that he's okay because
he's taken enough already
but he's gonna leave the window door
open to taking it again in the future
well that's what they all do I mean that
was a nice little head fake they're
saying it when it's politically
convenient for them and then when it
gets closer to 20/20 they're gonna say
but Trump and start taking it again he
has all the potential front row did that
cory booker yes eris i think i know what
we gotta be we can't show up to with the
spoon to a knife fight oh that's exactly
what's going to happen yeah so they're
right back in bed so the establishment
and the donors are happy when they're
happy to see this they're happy to see
oh
so Cory Booker's gonna help him get his
mind right gonna get him back into the
fold just like they did just like
they're doing to everybody just like
they did the Bernie Barak well they're
doing now they're getting everybody
listen Andrew I know you want to be on
the inside but I tell single-payer is
not lit okay so let's see if there's any
more of this and so please let's show
some people power change Florida the
fact that this is the guy saying people
power the guy who has stood in the way
of people his entire career this guy and
he's sitting standing there it's just
like dude I get you have to be friendly
with the other Democrats but you don't
have to do this this isn't any tweets it
out disgusting
which makes me suspicious of this guy
like he doesn't like politics is all
about perception and he doesn't know he
doesn't know that this is not the best
what do you what do you think I'm throw
it over to my paddle what do you think
well come on you know every time I hear
the names that they're throwing for a
2020 presidential election and Cory
Booker is one of them
I say why but what about this couldn't
case this relationship here that's what
is relationship I mean like that's the
person that you want to be endorsing you
and like Jimmy I agree a hundred percent
when you say these Democrats have to
twist themselves into a pretzel to be
able to like compromise in like the
Democratic Party is awful and I don't
want Cory Booker helping me in my
campaign if they get friendship
bracelets I might change my mind though
I mean who doesn't love those I hear you
I hear you so it's just it's just weird
to have a guy who does a commercial like
this beneath our names in the healthcare
system that works for everybody
teachers who need to get paid what
they're learning so Cory Booker is for
privatizing education and charter
schools and he stood in the way of the
pharmaceutical reform and but these
easier best buddy first two things he
says in his promotional video is a
health care system that works for
everybody and teachers getting paid and
Cory Booker's the opposite of those two
things so this is what I mean about them
twisting themselves in the pretzel who
need an opportunity that should not be
defined by the zip code where they live
or what's out of the truck they grow up
on
the politics of hope and aspiration
inspiration and opportunity still lives
and it lives right here in the state of
Florida so that's his so so there you go
so that guy is is Palin around with this
this guy it's just gross it's very
stomach turning instead of sitting there
you know instead of saying hey these are
the guy I have to be willing to make
some enemies inside the party to reform
it or I have to be willing to have some
tough conversations but this this is
just a I mean if you ticks right so he
Bay both think this is good for both of
them so Gilliam thinks it's good for him
to be seen with a corporatist centrist
sellout and he thinks it's good to be
seen with her someone who's perceived as
it drew progressive so that's what this
is this isn't about them actually being
buddies well what's interesting to to me
is that if it was influenced going the
other way
meaning cory booker is being influenced
by Gilliam mm-hm and Gilliam is actually
pulling Booker to the left right I
wouldn't have that much of a problem
with it I'd actually be like good that's
cool correct but that's not the way it's
going and that's never the way it goes
Andrew Gilliam was a proponent for
single-payer but I went to his website
right now out of curiosity now he
changed his tune he's talking about
strengthening the ACA so the influence
goes the other way so he's already
switched his position of that he's
already yeah
he's watering down his tune already and
that's why there's such buddy-buddies
good cuz somebody's gonna get some
pharmaceutical money is that what this
is about
that's not good this is not good isn't
that like making a deal with the devil
he's already switched his position on
single-payer Ron really I mean I'm on
his website right now and yeah he's
talking about strengthening the ACA ack
saying that we didn't he's gonna restore
the health care security so yeah he's
changing his tune ah god damn god damn
it
uh well here it gets even worse so here
is remember I was making jokes the other
day I said cuz Cynthia Nixon who you
know the New York Times calls Anthony
Cuomo
Andrew Cuomo sleazy lowest form of
politics and then they endorsed him and
I said Cynthia Nixon who called him a
liar on the debate quit lying she told
him and now I wonder if she's gonna do
she is she gonna tell progressives to
vote for the Democrats version of Trump
which is Andrew Cuomo and like nobody
could expect her to do that but well
watch this you think it's it's it's
really even worse than that
you guys ready for this watch this what
I also look forward to moving forward is
us rallying behind all Democratic
nominees including the governor to make
sure that he wins in November I she's a
Democrat so she has to tell everybody
that Andrew Cuomo is the answer do you
see what the problem is with
progressives trying to take over the
Democratic Party do you see the problem
hey it's never gonna happen and B they
get co-opted what do you what do you
blow out let me out I don't know am I
making too much out of this stuff he's
already he that was hard to listen to I
mean that was that ten seconds was hard
to hear really really you couldn't just
wait a month you couldn't wait until
maybe November first to throw your
support behind this guy what's the
difference what's the difference what's
the difference what no no I'm asking you
what would be it's like why did you know
we were why do people have to keep
endorsing these Democrats that are
corporate tools why does she have to
hurry up I know I'm asking what's the
difference between now and November
first well I was hoping that he/she
would push him without giving ya so this
is exactly right stuff she got nothing
for this like Cynthia Nixon like some
people were saying well maybe Cynthia
Nixon will get Andrew Cuomo to admit or
to agree to sign on the single-payer if
it gets passed and then she'll endorse
him or maybe she'll get something and
then Sheila nothing they got nothing
from Andrew Cuomo nothing not the disc
going along they're falling in line
people hate Andrew Cooper gret
Andrew Cuomo is what's wrong with this
country and the Democrats are serving
them up on a hot platter for us
this isn't intellectually honest you're
just as bad as Republicans when you do
this Jen this is the Republicans saying
you got to vote for more and more what
is that is that too big of a stretch
round what is that and tell me the truth
if you think of it as that is that the
exact they're just all falling in line
Andrew Cuomo yeah Alexandra
Ocasio Cortes are you kidding me yeah
there's this weird thing that's
completely backwards and and I've
actually had this conversation with Roe
and I straight up Roe Connor I straight
up said to him I was just like they
should be bending the knee to you yeah
and everybody to your left not the other
way around you have the people on your
side right the money on yours so they
should come to you and say how do we
keep our jobs if that was what was going
on I'd be okay with things I heard more
okay with things at least but it goes
the other way around for no reason other
than the donors in the power Andrew
Cuomo what does he think of Ocasio
Cortes and what does he think of
progressives this is this is what he
thinks andrew Cuomo says progressives
waves is not even a ripple after the so
he's like this to the progressives and
what are the progressives dude nope no
problem sir we will endorse you here's
what he said New York's Democratic
Governor Andrew Cuomo has said the
so-called insurgent progressive wave in
his party is not even a ripple arguing
that it's pragmatists like him who can
get things done who are the true
progressives he just said Alexandria
Ocasio Cortes is not a true progressive
Bernie Sanders is not a true progressive
Zephyr Teachout is not a true why
because they can't get things done like
him and what does he get done
he gets done horrible stuff that's
that's who alexandria Ocasio Cortez just
endorsed on frickin television that's he
didn't endorse you back
he's belittling you and it's exactly
what Ron says it always goes the other
way it's exactly what you said to RO
Connor why does it always have to go the
other way ro why does it always go the
other way and Ocasio why does it always
go the other way why don't they come on
bended knee d you are the people know
we're gonna let Cory Booker pretend he's
the people we're gonna let Andrew Cuomo
pretend he's the people he's flipping
you off publicly flipping flipping you
off publicly and what does she say
including the governor to make sure that
he wins in November I'll be voting Howie
Hawkins if I lived in New York I'd be
voting for the Green Party candidate if
I lived in New York and extract
extrapolated and/or extracted nothing
from Andrew Cuomo for this nothing he's
flipping you off
governor discussed his vision of the
Democratic Party at a press conference
on Friday calling Alexandra Cosmo
Cortez's win a fluke he just called you
a fluke an affair and not a real
progressive and she's gonna you and
you're gonna rally behind him there is
no progressive takeover of the
Democratic Party do you need do you need
any what the eff and when Bernie said he
was calling for a revolution he wasn't
being truthful that was just a gimmick
he was now he's not being truthful he
won't come on this show and talk about
it
Bernie won't even come on the show he'll
do any interview with anybody if you
said you voted for Hillary but if you
didn't Bernie won't come near you that's
the opposite of political courage you
know when he went from filling stadiums
when he decided to back Hillary Clinton
you know he couldn't fill a gymnasium
after that
that's a fact what are these people
think they're doing how does that help
the Democratic Party that you're getting
behind someone who's manifestly corrupt
who's gonna keep their voting they
kicked all the progressives off the
voting rolls again and manifestly
corrupt how does that help your
credibility how does that help the
Democratic Party to endorse someone
who's manifestly corrupt as Andrew Cuomo
is and an enemy of the people and
progressives and he just flipped you off
publicly he is Trump and you can't wait
to kiss his ring isn't that gross step
what do you think I'm horrified by this
you know we were just talking to a
neighbor the other day and they were
saying how they just received from the
DNC or some sort of Democratic
supporting group that said do you miss
Hilary if Hillary was to run in 2020
would you support her and it's like the
Democrats are learning nothing it's
they're pushing us backwards we're not
getting pushed forward and when I see
Alexandria
say this I mean we were talking about
this on Thursday night is Cynthia Nixon
gonna throw her support around we were
getting about and we're like how soon is
she gonna do this little did I know that
Acacio was Acacio Cortes was gonna do
this this Sunday it was like they
couldn't wait they could wait her to say
this that's right well you know how you
resist Trump by voting for the Democrats
who are those closest to Trump where do
got anybody like Trump yeah we got
Andrew Cuomo let's all vote for him
that's how you resist once you vote for
Joe Lieberman while you're at it
she couldn't even say his name by the
way she didn't even say his name
but the gwelf governor yeah she didn't
even say his name and you know the DNC
what it really stands for it stands for
destructive non progressive conditioning
[Laughter]
so I thought Andrea Andrea Ocasio was no
and any blue just won't do I saw her
with Lena Turner just the other day
saying any blue just won't do well the
 Andrew Cuomo isn't any blue just
won't do who are you talking about
Andrew so any blue just won't do until
it has to
until it has to I like the first one
better any blue just won't do we got to
leave it there instead of supporting
Democrats wherever they are why don't
you support progressives wherever they
are that's what we do here I bet there's
a progressive running in the general
election in New York for governor I bet
there's a progressive who has a green
new deal I bet goddamn anyway
additionally on this weren't there also
concerns about voter fraud in New York
yet there's no concerns I've heard no
concerns over it again again the best
way to resist Trump and the best way the
best way to resist Trump is do blindly
support the Democrats most likely to
vote with Trump I don't want to be a
debbie downer but the progressives need
the form of organization outside the
Democratic Party and Bernie's not
