everybody welcome to jimmy dore show I'm
here with Ron play Conan steps at
moranto how are you hi Jimmy I'm
wonderful Jimmy how are you I'm doing
great I think this shirt is nicer in
person than it looks on screen nice when
where I'm sitting man I dig it oh thank
you linen I don't want to brag ok it's a
cotton linen blend oh there now it looks
nice so our good friend Kao kolinsky
goes on fox news every once in a while
to debate different topics with
right-wingers which is fantastic he does
a great job at it and here they're gonna
try and watch what the so Trump made a
speech he was in Ohio and doing a rally
and he said that the Democrats are too
far left and that if the Democrats get
elected that there's gonna be looking at
their taxes are going up crimes gonna be
crazy it's gonna be horrible and so they
ask it well as the there are the
Democrats too far left and well let's
just let's just show you how easy it is
to debunk the current right wing talking
points or the current I won't even call
bright wing because the Democrats say
the same but the your corporate
Democrats say the same thing about
progressive policies but so how easy it
is to knock down talking points and
bogus attack pieces against progressive
programs and ideals and ideas and
policies so Kyle's gonna show you he's
gonna do it perfectly here they ask
first they ask the right-winger is the
is the is the Democrats too far left to
Chris to you the president seems to feel
as though he's got a winning strategy
here in saying that Democrats are too
far to the left to be part of the
mainstream for traditional crossover
voters
winning strategy I don't think he has to
say it I think we just have to listen to
them I mean this chaos that you've been
reporting on this weekend that went on
in Portland with the ice facility there
with candidates in New York calling ice
agents Nazis and calling for the
shutdown of ice this
young woman who's now an editorial board
member of the New York Times calling out
you know whites and white men
particularly and making some really
despicable comments I mean they're
they're truly unhinged in a way we've
never seen I don't think Trump has to do
much heavy lifting frankly let them do
all the talking
god I mean first of all those are
definitely the core of the of the
Democrat even Democrats are calling for
their just even you know they're not
calling for the the abolishment of ice a
few Democrats are not the leadership and
it's amazing that they got to go first
of all ice pretty unpopular right now
that's your big that's your big they
don't like ice I think and then they're
nineteen guys or nineteen members of ice
that don't like ice yeah yeah there's a
lot of right I just wonder what it's
like waking up in the morning being like
a far-right wing radio host like you
just wake up you're like somewhere
somebody said something not nice about a
white man and I'm here to serve and
protect I'm on it yeah he was able to
diminish that person by just saying some
woman somewhere they said something
about a white guy it was despicable and
you know what he's referring to I don't
know what he's even referring to I
didn't get the fax that they send out
right alright so here so now he's gonna
throw it over to Kyle and I have a
sneaking suspicion that the the guest
that the host of this show is he's got a
little bit of progressive in him I don't
know about how much but he's got a
little maybe the producers are of this
of this show or this segment her a
little sup cuz you see what I mean well
I mean you might have just outed them
and they're gonna get fired now I should
shut up you should moderate Democrats
worry about this far left push no I
think that the far left is actually the
way for Democrats to win believe it or
not so when you look at the polls and
you look at all the substantive policy
issues the American people
overwhelmingly support Medicare for all
for example they overwhelmingly support
free college they overwhelmingly want to
end the wars so he's exactly right so
we're
called far-left because we're advocating
for positions that he's a delineating
right now that the majority of the
country is for this isn't the budget far
left meaning the only 10% of the
Democrats are for this no this is more
than 50% of the country is for this let
alone Democrats so this these aren't
this is the problem of the Democrats is
not that they're too far left the
problem that the Democrats is that
they're too corporate
and they don't fight for their voters
and the voters know it which is why half
of them didn't show up last time so here
he is delineating it perfectly no
actually the all the things that the far
left is advocating for super popular so
when you go issue for issue the American
people are actually with the far left
and in fact President Trump when he ran
in 2016
stole some of those issues he ran
against the wars he ran against the
trade deal and hold on that was 30
seconds you're making a lot of sense
someone said something mean about a
white man let's go back to that so I
can't ask I thought that was gonna
happen too but he actually interrupts
and kind of compliments Kyle let's
listen you might have a point he also
said he wasn't gonna touch any any
entitlements Social Security alright or
or Medicare you me so do you see what I
mean about that guy all he also said he
wasn't gonna touch the entitlement I got
he's trying to do so he yeah because I
dudes on the ends it's starting to look
a little uncomfortable what am i you
turning on me you yeah I mentioned
something mean about a white guide you
forget about that part so here we go the
point in terms of where the Democratic
Party is headed there's a lot of
Democratic socialists beginning in New
York that have started to knock folks
off a long time Democrats Tuesday's
primary in Missouri Cory Bush Democratic
Socialist taking on like so now he goes
to a videotape of they have that someone
to interviewed Cory bush and asked her
how much taxes
are you because she's advocating taxing
the wealthy if they should pay their
fair share and someone goes well how
much what percentage should a rich
person pay and she didn't have an answer
ready and my answer would be well I know
Mitt Romney's secretary shouldn't pay a
higher rate than Mitt Romney does that's
what I would say mm-hmm I would say we
need to tax capital gains the same we
tax works for income right why does work
to income get tax but rich people who
don't work get tax lower that's what
she's supposed to say and they just gave
a tax break a trillion dollar tax break
so you can't so she didn't have any of
that right and he kept saying well
what's the and she goes she just goes
well forty six percent or something like
that she go which is just you know
that's not that again what I just said
is what you're supposed to say Mitt
Romney's secretary shouldn't pay a
higher rate than he does
they shouldn't have just given whatever
they appealed that trillion dollars to
give away they just gave to the wealthy
I would do I would say sudden things
like that yeah if you just throw out a
number you're walking into a honey trap
basically yes like that's what you'd be
doing and that's what she did and it
looked she didn't have an answer ready
and it was it was a really bad look for
her right even though I was a hundred
percent behind her she's super smart she
gets the cause of the problems in
America
Cory Bush does and so I'm really a big
supporter how do you not immediately
start talking about Jeff Bezos well
should you know like just the horrible
amount of money that he's well
watch what Kyle says watch this so
here's so Kyle kinda so they should they
go to that video of Cory bush and of her
having a tough time with that question
not not having an answer at the ready
and here's what here's what he says
child that the future the Democratic
Party I hope it's the future of the
Democratic okay Jeff Jeff Bezos has over
100 billion dollars at the same time now
we have 60,000 homeless veterans in this
country and 400,000 homeless Americans
and the American people again to go to
the polls overwhelmingly want to raise
taxes on the rich overwhelmingly want to
raise taxes on Wall Street corporations
I'm talking about 58% of Americans isn't
so if your strategies to defend the rich
by all means go right ahead quick
he's 100% right here Kyle is nailing it
right wouldn't you say yeah a good job
and you know he's talking what's the
what's the right fridge but like very
like soundbite prepped yeah like you
know you gotta be quick you gotta be
boom boom boom
yes yeah he's doing that
this isn't Fox News yes that's it
gravity is the source of win or whatever
they say okay so but as you reap if you
could replay it the best part you know
Kyle is being succinct that's like it's
time before I forget it's like it's like
the equivalent of Ron if Ron would have
just said you know not talking for a
long time we're talking in short little
bricks of leather look that's the soul
of wit as Kyle saying he's he's nailing
it yes and he's nailing it on Fox News
it's fantastic yeah it is the man at the
end what's his name Chris Diggle or
whatever I don't even know they mean 19
the bald guy yeah I don't know if you
watched his expressions while Kyle's
talking it is fantastic yeah I was
watching is his expression she says new
starts writing song brings up Jeff Bezos
like crazy
way to go Kyle and what people also
forget when they talk about taxes is
that when they go well how much should
we tax which people 50% 60% well I think
anything over a million dollars should
be probably taxed at 60% or so anything
over m so what so what people don't
realize is that we all get taxed the
same rate up until like a quarter
million dollar mean then it starts jump
then and it's not that first quarter
million it's the stuff over so your
first million dollars gets taxed at the
same rate everybody else gets taxed at
and then after that million that money
gets a higher
sree not the firt you see what I'm
saying people don't understand how a
graduated income tax works and I'm not
saying I'm an accountant or a bro but I
understand that part of it I understand
that so a millionaire and a regular
person get a nap or person gets taxed
the exact same amount on their first
fifty thousand dollars of income put it
that way you know what I mean so they
pay the same rate of net income and but
then after it goes over a certain amount
then that amount that's over gets taxed
hired not the but I might being clear
yeah am i being succinct right some
people go are that kind of I was good if
I made $2,000 more I would begun in a
higher tax bracket yeah that tax bracket
doesn't kick in and tax all your income
it just kicks in and tax all the income
that's over that Mound
does that make sense yes okay so when
people say that I don't want to bet that
that never makes sense so I would get it
in a higher tax bracket yeah only the
extra money gets taxed higher not the
rest of it so that's why that so I'm uh
there's someone who's more more succinct
her I bet it's Kyle kolinsky he could
help me with that but yeah that's what
you're supposed to say he's got his 22nd
spot down pat yeah that one yeah he can
answer yeah so here we go and I'm
guessing you just really hope that Cory
Bush is the future of the Democratic
Party
oh these mathematicians are brilliant
this is this Alicia acaso Cortes before
her Alicia that's on purpose
but I don't even what is the point of I
mean I like to pronounce people's names
too but that's it but he's not doing it
to be there these are wonderful
spokespeople as I said in the open she
actually is a wonderful spokesperson
which is why she's popular which is why
everywhere she goes she's filling
 stadiums now oh yeah so yeah
that she's very pop just like Bernie
Sanders that's that hey let's pretend
Bernie Sanders isn't popular again let's
keep doing that let them keep talking by
the way it's not like we're talking so
the the irony here is that when Fox News
this is ironic and this is happening
like Sean Hannity will say look at what
I'll Cascio Cortez is for she's for free
college a living wage ending the wars
Medicare for all that's like a
commercial for Alexandria
Acacio Cortez that's not hurting her
that's helping her I I don't know if
this is true but I heard I heard that
she actually tweeted out a video of Sean
giving her platform they're just giving
people that platform that Sean Hannity
is trying to denigrate and hand this guy
to this guy Chris Diggle uh but he's got
white teeth what they're trying to do is
is denigrate ideas that are popular with
their own base with their digit did I
remember I showed you the Fox and
Friends in that poll that poll the Fox
and Friends poll they asked them is it
worth the thirty two trillion dollars
for Bernie's Medicare for all
seventy-three percent said yes so who
are they talking who are they dislike ha
these be these are math geniuses keep
talking yeah they keep talking they're
gonna what do you want eighty percent
people to get behind her ideas isn't 60
percent enough I'd prefer eighty
actually I would prefer let's get to
eighty yeah so here we go he's got a
little bit more to say math and
economics with the most of the time
although when they do that's pretty
golden we're still talking about radical
French stuff abolishing radical fringe
stuff stuff most of the industrialized
world takes for granted
ethical French stuff but watch the
radical French stuff he mentions it's
the same thing he mentioned before is
symbolic law enforcement abolishing ice
Jenny goes abolishing law enforcement
which is just again you're just making
people have said abolish ice no one has
said about us law enforcement in Kyle
jumps on that why are you making things
up that's made up you just made that up
he says nobody you did Customs and
Border Protection already protects the
border ice was created in 2003 and by
the way there are allegations I totally
do an entire
Oh Kyle you made it you made a point
about polling ending ice or abolishing
ice does not play well in polls in the
heartland that is not a popular thing in
Michigan in Ohio and in Missouri that's
correct but that's because we need to
make the argument and for example like I
just referenced before I was being
talked over there are allegations of
literal slavery happening at private
prisons run by us
you're laughing it was in The Washington
Post it's been proven for guns it was
proof of law okay a court of appeal if
there's merit are trying to figure I'm
still trying to figure out how we got
from there to here
we will dissect that in the boat so
that's the end that's the end of the
segment coyote slam-dunk done that all
the way through that thing because it's
easy because these aren't fringe ideas
that we have to convince people about
these are ideas that were at one time
fringe ideas but now everyone gets it
we've been talking about it in Bernie
Sanders 2016 campaign really helped
single-payer health care Medicare for
all people get it well why can't I have
the same health care as my grandpa why
can't I have the same health care as my
parents why can't I why do I have to
wait until I'm 65 years old to get
decent health care by the way Medicare
is the most popular health insurance
program in the country so when people go
you want the government to run your
health care if it's some called Matt the
first of all they don't run it they pay
for it private doctors run the health
care in America Medicare for all they
don't have their own doctors they have a
they pay the doctors that's all that is
you still have private doctors you still
have private hospitals you just have the
government negotiating is one big block
to get prices down and that's what
happens that's why Medicare for all has
the lowest overhead and then is the most
popular a health insurance program in
the country
so those these are fast that's why it's
easy to defend this stuff it but yet
they'll still is CNN called called this
show far left why because we advocate
for things that are popular with the
majority of Americans and we call out
war which again most people don't want
the wars you know who does the
establishment and then they pay
people at CNN MSNBC and Fox to push the
wars and they end NPR and they push it
they pushed the wars and watched in post
in the New York Times they all push Wars
and they all lie to you about the war
they lied to you about Iraq they like
they're lying to you about Syria they
lied to you about Libya what what's the
what's the justification for us still
being up in Afghanistan does it can
anybody tell me what are we
doing there well someone bin Laden's
been dead for years
what are we doing so I'll throw it over
to my pal any last words I just want to
say Jimmy we're spreading democracy that
is exactly what we're doing okay
I honestly think there is some kind of
just email chain that Newsmax sends out
every day to all their personalities and
be like this is what we're going to talk
about talk about abolishing ice likening
it to abolishing all law enforcement of
course we had border security long
before ice was a thing hope nobody else
on the panel knows that if they do
laughs condescendingly but that's it
that's it so this guy while while he is
sharply dressed I I admire a man who
sharply dressed look at this look at
this little he's got the he's got that
the entire panel is very sharply dressed
entire panel everybody looks love look
this this soldier he's going on he's
going the extra-mile yep right that's
fair I went to a wedding recently where
I didn't where I've gained some weight
in my tummy tum and I don't want to have
to tuck in my shirt and then have my
little gutti gut hang over it right
anyway long story longer is gonna wear a
nice really nice high-end shirt and then
just have it untucked right and you
can't wear a tie with it untucked sure
you look like unless you're my colleague
talkin but you know what I mean so I was
just gonna go with a suit coat but I was
like well he'll dress it up I'll get a
little like that and that's what I did I
got a little good chief man chief so I
don't have a tie but I had that thing
and look pretty uh in my head it look
badass
in my hat now if it actually did I don't
know but I appreciate a guy who does
that
I don't appreciate a guy who advocates
for war and killing people while wearing
a pocket kerchief but other than that I
like them
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
