hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show special guests the host of the edge
podcast and Emmy award-winning voice of
American Idol it's Mark Thompson hi Mark
Thompson it is an honor to be here Jimmy
and to be in the nerve center of the
Jimmy Dore show yes
longtime listener and first-time
firstime yes you put on the show before
also with his the miserable liberal
steps that Morano HEIs miserable I'm
miserable you get those t-shirts new by
the way see that t-shirt stuff has I'm
miserable liberal you could get it right
down below right down below please help
support the show because they're de
monetizing us like crazy guess what
we're talking about the environment
today because Mark Thompson is a big
environmentalist so this is kind of a
sad story tide of plastic rubbish
discovered floating off idyllic
Caribbean island coastline you want to
see what that looks like that's just
gross huh
idyllic Caribbean idyllic if you go
underneath the water it's so thick it
blocks out the Sun and then here's some
more well here's here's what I don't get
about the whole let's figure let's
finish this the pollution is harming
more than 600 species worldwide amid
what many are now regarding as the sixth
mass extinction of life on Earth they
say we're living through that right now
yeah there's a great movie called a
racing extinction that you can sure see
on Netflix or whatever and you should
they literally show you the extinction
there's a there's a bird that goes
extinct while they while the shoots
going on it's no we're hitting yeah it's
it this is a remarkable film but anyway
to your point I mean this what you're
talking about is obviously hastening the
extinction of tons of species I mean
this is there's a little bit more it
says more than eight million tons of
plastic goes into the ocean every year
and it is estimated there will be more
of it than fish by 2050 so they'll be
more plastic in the ocean than there is
fish in the ocean I don't understand why
plastic goes in the ocean is that all
coming off
ships and tankers why is it going at the
ocean I don't know if you better on a
plane over the United States but there's
a big enough hole there to stick all the
plastic I don't know why it has to go in
the ocean why does it have to go in the
ocean you think it does wash out to the
ocean though from all the different
places that have waterways that flow
ultimately into the ocean
those plastic straws that you got I
always ask a please notice Drop Distance
run they do it's like mindlessly you'll
always get a flat from a plastic straw
and those straws do tremendous damage as
they end up in the ocean because they
end up in you know the esophagus or the
plural of esophagus is the esophagus
--is of of these of turtles and of other
sea creatures and then the plastic of
course doesn't break down like you those
pictures really tell the story you know
you can check in with that picture in 15
years and you won't see tremendous
breakdown of that plastic and the
plastic that does break down through the
tidal flow and all the rest it it's
pulverized into small pieces microscopic
pieces sometimes those pieces end up in
fish and now they estimate that most of
the fish that they pull out of the ocean
has plastic in it really yeah it's it's
so if I'm eating sushi I'm eating
plastic is that what you're saying that
yeah that that that that there is
plastic in that fish so that's just
again just one more thing it says if it
is though our seas now contain it is
thought our season I'll contain 51
trillion micro plastic particles 500
times more than stars in our galaxy Wow
taken off this knows these pictures were
taken off the Honduran island of Roatan
the pictures show plastic cutlery bags
bottles wrapping floating among seaweed
Caroline power who lives on wrote an if
that's how you pronounce it which is
just 12 miles long and three miles wide
shared the images on social media to
raise awareness of the problem so that
was a woman Carol power took those
pictures took this picture this picture
in this picture that picture is stunning
that is a stunning picture and there
five of those huge gyres you know Jimmy
that are all around the world and you
you can maybe look to see how
but they're they're enormous there is
you know they're there they're virtually
continents so how do they and yeah
there's I heard there is one in between
the United States and Hawaii that's
about as big as Texas right and that's
right and by the way below the surface
I'm so glad that you showed that picture
from below the surface because what
we're seeing is just a fraction of
what's actually there it's below the
surface and these gyres huge amounts of
them like an iceberg below the surface
of the ocean so why do they cling
together why does the plastic cling
together it's low I think it's just the
flow of the current want them to go oh
really I remember when I was a kid I
think that was the big time where
McDonald's decided to go with styrofoam
remember that was the big thing like oh
no we're not stopped hot yeah we're not
gonna have any kind of a card stock with
our that's gonna keep your sandwiches
warm we're gonna go with styrofoam right
and I ding you know and that what did
that take like 40 years for that to go
out of stock I've had to figure out hey
styrofoam's not good right and I have to
say actually mark I stopped using straws
that were plastic because of you I use I
use a straw but it's a metal straw there
you go and now paper straws are are more
of it coming I mean slowly yeah more in
vogue I mean of course the thing about
plastic is it's super cheap and yeah you
know Bam Bam Bam and it's durable that's
the big thing you know the paper stuff
you can rip it's just as so much damage
yeah and I'm sorry I also recall my
grandmother she would always take her
shopping cart she would always have her
own bags
yeah when we'd go to a supermarket all
my life she always had her own bags and
you know I remember like I you know why
are you doing that why are you and I you
know now I have my own bags and it's I
just think like having a story like this
reminds you of how much we're using and
disposing of and you know I also know
you're not a fan of water bottles no
it's so I'm so glad I came to the Jimmy
Dore show and I got a glass of water in
a glass because this thing where we use
bottles is insane we live in one of the
many countries in the world where the
water is perfectly good for the most
part I mean obviously we have you know
I'm nervous about drinking water out of
the tap now I used to never be nervous
I'm nervous now especially after what
happened in Flint and then they're
starting to find out there's legend lots
of places and our pipes I'm sure here in
Pasadena are really old yeah and we have
no infrastructure so I'm ready to accept
that that might be true but just quickly
what you're drinking and those plastic
bottles is arguably worse right you're
because you're getting all those
polymers and it's been in the Sun and
all that plastic is leeching out into
the water you you can't tell me
everybody watching that you haven't had
a swig of water and tasted the plastic I
taste it all the time it tastes like
plastic well I do get the can see I like
the canned water and so what I do with
this after I'm done is I crush it and
then I put it in my guard my recyclables
and then someone comes around right
before the garbage truck goes through my
thing takes them out and goes and
recycles them there you go maybe I
should do that so that that's what that
is what's happening by the way so we
have people who come by and take out all
your cans and put them in their own cans
and they take him and they make money
off it and those plastic bottles are you
know yeah so that's why I don't do
plastic bottles we do the cans just for
that reason that's a great that's a
great thing we stopped using plastic
bottles because of you where's my camera
right there all right I don't understand
why they can't invent some kind of a
sweeper to come with a big barge and
just start loading that on like I
guess cuz there's no government that's
gonna do that cuz you got to get a
government to do that you know I mean I
mean I bet you could clean that up for
tops a couple million dollars you could
probably clean that up you think I don't
know billion about a billion yeah the
prize to be about money right if it
doesn't make any sense it's about money
and I think in this case the the fact is
it's an expensive enterprise and who's
going to foot the bill and we treat the
ocean like it's a dump garbage front
what could possibly go wrong with that
practice didn't uh yeah and you know
that cruise ships are throwing in
the ocean all the time you know it's
funny I've asked about that and they
they really push how sustainability
thing but you think they're lying to me
I think they're lying uh that might be
working invest the cruise ship industry
is not one of the you know they exploit
their workers right you know that when
you go into cruise ship you know all
those people are from Indonesia and I
don't know if you've ever been where
they sleep it's not fun I have I've been
down there I know I was a comedian on a
shitty cruise ship I won't say which one
I remember which one it was but I
remember I walked into the where they
were I was like god damn how do you live
like this right they got four people in
a room stuff like that they have this
shared shower stuff it's always dark
because it's below the sea oh sure but
yeah again you know it's one of those
things where you know American dollars
are worth a lot where they're from and
so and you know this is an awful thing
to contemplate but it's probably better
than the option that they had by
remaining home yeah well dad I'm
straight I'm sure that's why they're
doing it you know I just want to also
mention that I just bought a hose okay
and it was wrapped a regular garden hose
right it was wrapped in about four
pieces of plastic and card stock and I
just looked at it's a hose why I wrap it
yeah you know so it I put a piece of
twine around it you got it rolled up
there you go no they have to put it in
its own like a box almost and how many
times that we have we bought any kind of
electronics for the studio oh my god
like Apple yes Apple has to over package
things it's like it's like the package
is part of the thing I'm just throwing
it out you guys they're they're apples
really proud of their designs of their
packages you know I'm talking about you
use Apple products you pull you pull the
little slider open it opens like a
little sock drawer or something when you
remove the owners manual for the power
hey dude yeah I got the owner's manual I
don't need the power right yeah you plug
it into the bottom of the phone and it's
being powered so this is happening and
everyone says Trump is crazy
he's the one who's crazy not humanity
this is you man this is collective
unconscious this is collective craziness
this is insanity collective everybody
goes what are you gonna do let's move on
with our day okay nobody goes hey we
need to stop everything and fix the same
thing with climate change so but it's
funny if you had the kind of initiative
that you have on climate change and I
understand now this country is
disconnecting from that initiative but
if you had the kind of initiative that
the countries in unison showed with
climate change to address this problem
then you have a little bit of what
you're talking about which is hey the
United States is going to take the lead
in beginning the process of cleaning up
some of the plastic and we know it's
only a fraction of the plastic in the
ocean but it's a sign of what we need to
do and what other nations should join us
in doing if you had that maybe you would
begin the process of at least thinking
about this stuff and you you also put it
it wouldn't be expensive
I mean relative to the other money's
that are being spent on it's easier to
clean up than oil spills I'm gonna guess
right I mean that's got to be way it's
it's actual physical things you could
scoop up right so you could literally
put a net you know I'm parts of I'm sure
there's gotta be time sure it's a lot
harder than just throwing a net out
there of course what I'm just saying you
could actually pick this stuff up unlike
oil but you can't pick up you know it
makes me think about the whole idea that
the United States military is based
everywhere in the world right military
bases so how about along the way in
between wars you skim the ocean for a
trash and make a better world for all of
us you don't have to be I'm sure it'd
have to be a major undertaking with huge
tankers if there was only a country who
was able to do such a thing we can't
even get helicopters to Puerto Rico
because there's no money in it we can't
even get clean water for Detroit we
can't even get clean water in Flint so
that's the United States of America and
somehow we vilified water protect yeah
water protectors are the yeah
that's right
oh by the way they're they're Russian
now that's the new thing you have to
Daily Beast we're gonna talk about that
Daily Beast did a story Russian water
projectors are infiltrated I mean two
water protectors and Apple were
infiltrated by Russian well and the way
that their Rosa Parks - I bet was the
Russian Bob go ahead
the way they're the way they're treated
the manner of their arrests the men are
their detainment the the way they're
charged and environmental activists
across the board are treated that way
they're now called terrorists exactly
they're treating them as environmental
terrorists and animal activists same
thing yes because you're attacking a
business tution of money right right
money yeah
in fact they pass laws that you know
they used to do when I was a kid they
used to do a lot of undercover reporting
where they would expose the horrible
practices of you know supermarkets or I
don't know meat processing plants and
stuff like that they would do undercover
and they passed laws you can't do that
it's illegal to do that to legal to
report on malfeasance inside
corporations now in America so and
Trump's crazy but Trump's the crazy one
not we're not completely corrupt in this
country there's law and order for poor
people and nothing for the rest of the
 for rich people that's where we
live in and that's how you get this ok
well I wish I had something better to
say but I think thanks to Carol power
for our Caroline power for taking these
pictures and raising awareness of what
that I how come I've never seen a
picture like that before yeah it took a
woman from the ofte a little Caribbean
island to take a picture that's right
Jimmy it took a woman ha ha ha yes it
did so Thank You Caroline power I
appreciate it and uh uh you know to
pretend that we've suddenly taken a
track in this country away from working
on climate change it was all lip service
before the Paris agreement still wasn't
an cultured Hank it was less than the
Copenhagen agreement the Copenhagen
agreement would it still lead to
disaster so the Paris one was Latin and
less strict than that we're still on a
path to disaster that was window
dressing around climate change the Paris
Accord it was something better than
nothing
it's better than nothing for sure
but let's remember Barack Obama's
official energy policy for eight years
was all the above and that's why we now
one of the are we the world's biggest
oil producer
besides Saudi Arabia I mean it's amazing
what's crazy and all that so let's print
that stop pretending this is just one
guy
this is these are industries this is the
fossil fuel industry this is the
plastics industry this is every kind of
industry that increases global climate
change and global warming although I
will say that this administration has
been aggressive about about doing two
things first dry cleaning climate change
and references to it and science
committees that that lead to conclusions
related to climate change right dry
cleaning that stuff off the government
websites off of any place where that
information can be disseminated and
they've been aggressive as well about
the exploitation of mineral and oil in
this country in places that would have
been unthinkable for I'm talking about
national parks so how about the Arctic
when Obama opened up the Arctic to
drilling where were that know a fair
point that's right and there's gonna be
more of that as climate change makes
those things more accessible because the
about do that what climate changes is
happening so rapidly that the ice is
melting in the Arctic which means we
could go drill for oil there it's
literally what they think and Obama said
do it breaking news I've just been
handed this video clip about ocean
cleanup get this maybe some good news
[Music]
that's my idea how does it
[Music]
look at that that's good news look at
that though look at this
20 in just 20 years he says the plank
could clean the largest collection of
trash in the Pacific Ocean in just 20
years I'm gonna turn off the music
we'll just keep playing this the massive
cleanup project will begin in 2020 this
is amazing that's amazing so that's
great news so just like I said why can't
they clean that stuff up well it turns
out a 22 year old kid came up with an
idea to do it why cuz I'm gonna guess
older people were busy making money
right that's turns out so there you go
wow so that's yet so we end this segment
on a positive note still doesn't mean
keep using plastic stop using frickin
plastic especially plastic straws yeah
it's hard to avoid but if you've got the
option at all avoid plastic okay all
right well good on that kid for doing
that so you can go to ocean cleanup calm
will be only cleanup it's important
they're two different whoops clean up
calm we're gonna put a link underneath
the ocean cleanup calm Mark Thompson
just corrected me on that so I know you
can help donate to that isn't that great
make sure you subscribe make sure you
subscribe just as great the next live
Jimmy Dore show is November 6th in
Burbank California and November 12th and
Portland Oregon link for tickets right
there
