so I I everybody I want to remind
everyone the people who are pushing
Russia gate I just wanted to remind that
and then the people on the Left who
repeat what the people pushing Russia
gates say this is who you this is who
you are in bed with director pointed out
secretary Powell presented evidence last
week that Baghdad has failed to disarm
its weapons of mass destruction
willfully attempting to evade and
deceive the international community I
mean you can tell he knows he's lying by
the way right I don't know about and you
tell me if you know if you can't tell
yes director tenant is pointed out
secretary Powell presented evidence last
week that Baghdad has failed to disarm
its weapons of mass destruction and
willfully attempting to evade and
deceive the international community our
particular concern is that Saddam
Hussein may supply terrorists with
biological chemical or radiological
material Jimmy I have no idea what could
make you think he's lying I mean this is
just how most people talk weapons of
mass destruction I barely know that
that's gonna be the next thing weapons
of mass destruction so we are very
afraid that he will have his weapons
biological to chair warfare one and
that's what we're all afraid of okay so
so and I and by the way here is former
head of this we ever tried to medal
another country's elections
Oh probably but it was for the good of
the system in order to avoid the
Communists from taking over for example
in Europe in 47 48 49 the Greek he goes
back to the 40s awesome what's awesome
is that he says probably we're doing it
for a good reason probably and the
Italians we we don't mess around other
people
only for a very good and the end the
news person finds that funny that was uh
that's that's how you know she's not a
news person go ahead that was appealed
of ridicule by the way we got we gotta
catch you up but we got this game that
that's um listener submit a called the
propaganda game okay yeah yeah and we
were talking about before you got in
that was an appeal to ridicule for that
was here at the beginning we're doing
the exact thing we were accused of
everybody do it anyway it's really funny
by I pretend I'm doing news she's a
she's estate propagandist that's who she
is tonight on Fox News intelligence man
turned funny man talking World War three
folks but I'm Ching so recently the
Atlantic did an article about Julian
Assange Roger stone and they're
asserting that they were in bed together
and of course if you know anything about
this story Roger stone who was a friend
of Trump has tried to heat he's a he's a
self-promotion guy and he tries to puff
himself up as being more important than
he actually is he tries to say he has a
connection with Julian Assange and
WikiLeaks he doesn't and that he tried
to say well his go-between was Randy
critical who we've had on this show
Randy critical has said he is not the
go-between Roger stone never knew
anything he never had inside information
that's the thing that's people don't get
Roger stone never had any inside
information so WikiLeaks tweeted this
out Roger stone neither WikiLeaks nor
mr. Assange is aware of any private
communications from us to you please
clarify so that's Roger stone run around
saying he's in connect he has a contact
a back-channel with WikiLeaks and then
at the Atlantic wrote this Roger stone
secret messages with WikiLeaks
transcripts obtained by the Atlantic
show Donald Trump's longtime confidant
correspondent with the radical
transparency group whoa
Donald Trump's longtime confidant
correspondent with the radical
transparent
you mean WikiLeaks well you know else
correspond with them Chelsea Manning
I like how according to a media outlet
being transparent is radical yes I like
that pocket that's really yeah what do
you mean radical transparency you mean
transparent is how we mean the radical
that's right I didn't even noticed that
the radical transparency group you could
just take away radical the transparency
group exactly
transparencies radical in itself a and
all post papers are supposed to be for
it but since you're not you have to call
someone else who is radical mhm and so
then what you are doing is you're
reminding people when you're transparent
that's bad yes yeah yeah that's that's
but so here is the woman who wrote this
a Natasha of Bertrand she went on with
Lawrence O'Donnell and stopped the
hammering and she they listen to this
conversation this is one of the most
ridiculous
Natasha the significance of your
discoveries of WikiLeaks and Roger stone
the significance Lawrence I'll tell you
zero significance Lawrence and if you
father to take two seconds to look over
the story you're about to do you would
know that this is a BS Nothing story and
maybe you talk about the West Virginia
teacher strike or maybe you talk about
Flint Michigan or maybe you talk about
the Oklahoma teacher strike or how the
Democratic conductor Triple C screwing
over progressives yet again or how about
the Democrats just got in bed with Wall
Street yet again but this is the story
that Lawrence O'Donnell decides to do I
used to think Laurel Sultana was a
straight shooter but after this again
they there's no doubt that they're gonna
if you watch MSNBC they will let you
down every day but here watch this so he
says what's the significance ready here
well just kind of undermines all of the
assertions that Roger stone made during
the campaign that his communications
with WikiLeaks and with Julian Assange
took place primarily if not exclusively
through a back-channel that was his main
line of argument he said well I never
actually spoke to Assange or wikileaks
directly
it was always through some kind of
intermediary who he later identified as
this radio host Randy Critic oh who
we've had on the show we've done so
that's not true Randy credit coats stone
is making this up he's trying to self
inflate to be more important so he can
get more contracts and get on TV more
often and so he said that he had a back
channel now this woman says that no we
found out secret messages you remember
the headline secret messages between
WikiLeaks and Roger stone are you ready
for this here we go but now we see that
actually he was directly communicating
with WikiLeaks on Twitter as in October
of 2016 and after Trump won the election
the morning after wiki so are you ready
you want to see their communication this
is so now this is their big story their
big story is no we caught him WikiLeaks
and stone communicated directly do you
want to know what their direct community
they were communicating directly on
Twitter do you want to hear what it was
airs what it was
WikiLeaks Roger stone running around
saying that he's got information from
WikiLeaks he's got a connection with
them they direct message him and say I
know he direct messages WikiLeaks
this is Roger stone in blue he direct
messages them saying since I was all
over national TV cable and print
defending WikiLeaks and Assange against
the claim that you are Russian agents
and debunking the false charges of
sexual assault has trumped up BS you may
want to re-examine the strategy of
attacking me cordially Roger stone so me
attacking by that tweet they sent out
saying dudes that we have no ever have
any communication with you they respond
here's how WikiLeaks responds that their
direct message from him this is what she
was referring to as their secret
messages WikiLeaks says back we
appreciate that how
the false claims of association are
being used by the Democrats to undermine
the impact of our publications
don't go there if you don't want us to
correct you so there the entirety of
their secret communications the Roger
stone secret messages with WikiLeaks
their hope the entirety of their secret
messages was WikiLeaks telling them quit
telling people that were talking
to you cuz we're not talking to you and
you don't speak for us and there's no
connection and if you don't stop that
we're gonna we will keep pointing out
that you're making it up that's the
entirety of their communication
and they left that out of the lawrence
O'Donnell segment now either lawrence
O'Donnell didn't know what he was doing
in that segment which is probably true
he didn't know what he was talking about
and his producer put it together and
they got this woman on and he doesn't
have any idea but all it takes is two
seconds to look at the thing she's
talking about lawrence and you would
know that this was a story so
he's either he was either super busy
that day
super lazy and uninterested in his own
story segments or he's a bullshitter
himself those are your three options
with lawrence O'Donnell right there
Jimmy I think it's important that we add
though that all intelligence agencies
have communicated and have decided in
the name of national security that in
fact this correspondence did occur
during the top secret and any top-secret
platform known as the Internet Julian
Assange tweeted it out himself he goes
these messages were reportedly given to
Congress a year ago if true they confirm
exactly what WikiLeaks has said all
along which is what they confirm that
there was no connection with Roger stone
and the only time they've bothered to DM
imam twitter was to respond to him
saying yeah quit telling people that
work and Canute's with you cuz it were
not that they left they left that part
out on lawrence O'Donnell isn't that
weird kind of a big omission that the
direct messages that they were having
the entirety of them was WikiLeaks
saying stop to saying that you're in
contact
with us that's kind of interesting and
then she said at the end I don't know if
you heard and then the day after the
election they reached out to Roger stone
again wanting to open up keeping the
lines of community so here is the
entirety so that is on October 13th
Roger stone says hey why don't you be
nicer to me I'm defending you WikiLeaks
says hey I appreciate you defending us
quit saying that you're well you're you
are not we're in collusion together cuz
that's undermining us especially since
we're not in collusion together
that's what that is and then he goes and
then here's Roger stone ha the more you
correct me the more people think you're
lying your operation leaks like a sieve
you need to figure out who your friends
are that's it oh the only time they ever
talked to him was to tell him stop it
stop spreading the lie that we're in
cahoots here is after the election the
day after the election somebody from
WikiLeaks who knows who says happy
question mark we are now more free to
communicate because it's after the
election and then as far as I know never
communicated again so in the run-up to
the election their entire communication
that was it their entire communication
consisted of WikiLeaks saying we're not
in communication with you stop lying
about it that was their entire
communication with Roger stone
so and why did I so I want I showed you
that just to remember that even when you
think of guys a straight shooter like
lawrence O'Donnell he's doing propaganda
that's other than his unbelievable
propaganda what just happened there and
if lawrence O'Donnell doesn't know what
a BS story he's pushing right now
shame on lawrence O'Donnell and that's
why I'd look at the headline secret
might mean it's all so dude do you need
me to break it down more how propaganda
works how and the reason why I show you
this is because it's WMDs all over again
these are the exact person the exact
person and this guys supposed to be some
guy he has credibility and integrity
Robert epic muler the head of a
spy organization that undermines every
social democratic and left leading
organization in the country and calls
them communists at the same time they're
pushing for an illegal war and lying to
the American public these are the guys
you realize the same people that's why I
show you that it's the same goddamn
people and these are the people that
Julian Assange exposes the CIA and
everybody giggles about how they
overthrow governments so that's who
these people are and that's why I show
you and then you got and then you got
the horrible media doing the bidding of
the CIA and the intelligence community
there it is
I couldn't you couldn't be this is a
great example of how this propaganda
stuff works there's a great example
lawrence O'Donnell and his panel just
happened to me
all that important stuff out and they
look like such credible people he looks
credible
she looks credible she writes for the
Atlantic right now by the way you know
the editor of the Atlantic is David from
David from can you is there nothing that
can discredit you from journalism in
America David from push for an illegal
war at the top of his lungs
David Frum lied to the American people
was part of a quark criminal
organization he's the head of that
magazine and he brings her on from them
and doesn't say by the way you know the
guy who edits your magazine is a
horrible piece of you know that
right no no he doesn't say that he's
here to make you think WikiLeaks is the
problem WikiLeaks never push for
a war last I checked
WikiLeaks wasn't in bed with war
criminals last time I checked they
published material that people like her
don't want to be made public and him
want to discredit as soon as it's made
public you consider yourself a newsman
Lawrence and you don't have the balls to
tell the truth about WikiLeaks you don't
have the balls to tell the truth about
Russia gate you don't have the balls to
tell the truth about why they fired Phil
Donahue why they fired Ed Schultz why
they fired Ashleigh Banfield you'd have
Bob that's what Lawrence you don't have
balls
you're a nutless wonder maybe maybe
maybe you and tag Romney want to come
down and take and take a shot at me
anyway well anyway this is kind of
mind-blowing know did you guys know
about this no I didn't know about it you
know the last time I think you know we
stopped watching MSNBC I think last two
years and out one of my most memorable
moments with lawrence O'Donnell is when
he wanted to beat up Mitt Romney yes I'm
talking about tag Romney and he went to
the camera come on come down take a
swing at me he's such a tough guy why
don't you stand up to Lawrence
why don't you send up to propaganda if
you're such a tough guy but you won't
you think do you do you think Larry King
is a Russian operative
Lawrence then why don't you say
something do you think Chris Hedges as a
law as a Russian operative do you think
Tom Hartman is a Russian operative you
think ed Schultz is a Russian operative
working for Putin over at RT now why
don't you say something that's that's
unbelievable death run is that not
jaw-dropping I just like how what
qualifies as direct communication is
sending an email
I've had direct communication with
almost every comedy club in the world I
pack direct I've had direct
communication transparent I've had
direct my mind it was I had direct
communications with the leader of the
Senate Democratic leader in the Senate
direct direct yep yep yep me too by I've
had direct communication with agencies
that have chosen not to sign me and
never told me no I've yeah and okay it's
a direct communication fan letters to
bands I like then never knew this so III
love doing stories like this because I
love exposing how horrible the
mainstream news media is especially when
MSNBC's at the center of it and the
Atlantic who's the edited by David Fromm
what do you just have Dick Cheney edit
your magazine don't give them ideas
right maybe he already took Donald Trump
to rehabilitate these these miscreants
and they prop up lawrence O'Donnell
props this crap up shame on you if you
had any shame Lawrence we gotta start a
have you no decency segment we should
have we gotta just take that into our
own hit like this one is the Lawrence
have you no decency
have you no like it Ron Lawrence does
not Lawrence have you no decency he
doesn't have any when it comes to this
I'll tell you that if you had any balls
you'd be calling out Rachel Maddow for
the unbelievable propaganda she's doing
for pushing a Red Scare and McCarthyism
at every freaking waking moment out I
don't I so don't want to be in that
guy's Club I can't even tell you
I so don't want to be in their club I so
want to be outside making fun of it and
exposing it for all the that it
is I so don't want to be in that guy's
Club oh my god please make sure you're
in my club make sure you're still
subscribed because they're gonna
unsubscribe you they don't want us to
tell you this stuff they are suppressing
independent news and they're doing it at
a record clip so we got to fight back
make sure you subscribe and click that
Bell so you get a notice when I drop a
video we have two live shows coming up
March 30th in Burbank California March
26 second show we just added in Austin
Texas thanks for your support
oh we're on steam it
we're also on steam it I don't know what
steam it is but if you're on steam it
you do go to it and we're there I guess
[Music]
