everybody walk with you do so I'm here
with steps a Murano and romp Lacombe
howdy howdy I'm miserable
so Facebook is doing us all a favor
they're good they're figuring out what's
uh what's okay for us to read and what's
not because sometimes you'll read
something it'll hurt your feelings and
Facebook doesn't want that to happen and
then there's also sometimes people post
articles that aren't 100% accurate and
they call that fake news and they're
gonna figure out what's fake news for
you so you don't have to because you're
too dumb and you're a dumb you are
today you're dumb enough to give all
your info to Facebook for free
and then they sell it to advertisers and
then you act shocked afterwards
ohh oh my god they're selling my
browsing history to it out yes that's
the whole point of Facebook is to sell
your data to a corporatist at a profit
that's the whole point of Facebook right
mmm that's the whole point of Facebook
okay so what guess what so now and they
have these things they have algorithms
so if you have any bad words that hurt
people's feelings Facebook will take
that post out without a person looking
at it or talking to you about it first
or what first of all people can unfollow
me if they don't like the I'm
posting on Facebook people can unfollow
me just like in real life people don't
have to listen to me if they don't want
to if I'm sitting in a park talking
people can walk away from me they don't
you know I don't need somebody from the
government or from Silicon Valley to
come to the park to let other people
know what I'm saying is it true right or
to to vet my speech people can
do it themselves so this idea that
Facebook again this is all the hysteria
over tunnelled Donald Trump became
president that can't be our system it
has to be a glitch in our system no
that's our system that rot that donald
trump became president that's the
inevitable that's the logical conclusion
to 40 years of neoliberalism that threw
workers overboard 40 years ago
but it can't be you can't be our system
we can't check so we have to pretend
it's something else we have to pretend
it's Facebook memes or it's the Russian
Twitter trolls or it's it's habits
everything except what it really is
people got sick of the establishment
neoliberalism and they looked for an out
and there wasn't one because Bernie
Sanders wasn't running as an independent
they all their two choices was fricken
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump they
also had Jill Stein but people were
sufficiently shamed for thinking they
could vote for her anyway so what does
this lead us to so this leads us to the
Guardians article face book label duck
labels Declaration of Independence as
hate speech so their algorithm so this
news organization called the Liberty
County Vindicator a small local
newspaper in Texas posted sections of
the Declaration of Independence to its
Facebook page in a bid to encourage
discussion of US history among its
readership turns out that violates
Community Guidelines over at Facebook
that you're doing a no-no did you know
that Facebook alerted the Vindicator to
let them know that the Vindicator being
the newspaper Facebook alerted the
newspaper to let them know that the
section of the Declaration of
Independence that includes a reference
to quote merciless Indian savages and
quote was a violation of their community
standards so I'm sure the Native
Americans were really happy to hear that
oh that finally finally someone so here
it is I'll read it to you this is this
is the part of the Declaration of
Independence that violated Facebook's
Community Guidelines and it reads he has
excited domestic insurrections amongst
us and has endeavored to bring on the
inhabitants of our frontiers the
merciless Indian savages whose known
rule of warfare is an undistinguished
destruction of all ages sexes and
conditions so that's that sounds a
little racist to me against Native
Americans calling them merciless Indian
savages who kill everything without any
conditions but that's put it's that's in
a historical document you can't just so
they flag their page for them
they read about the Japanese internment
right no kidding so the declarations
passage has often been cited as an
encapsulation of the dehumanizing
attitude towards indigenous Americans
that the United States was founded on
Facebook's removal of the section
arguably put the Vindicator in a
position of whitewashing history
well what's arguable about that that's
exactly what that did note that is yes
right that's that's our yeah that's
absolutely what that did no so if that
newspaper had to take that part out of
the deck that would be whitewashing
history by definition big time yes is
that an awful statement that's in there
yeah absolutely but so let's just
pretend it didn't happen right us we
can't talk about it we can't talk about
our history our history of you know jet
siting Native Americans KC Stinnett the
managing editor of the paper sent in a
post on the site on Monday that the
removal also put them in a quote a
quandary about whether to continue the
with posting the final two parts of the
Declaration of Independence should
Facebook find anything in them offensive
the newspaper could lose its Facebook
page in this amazing yeah the censorship
from corporate America from Silicon
Valley so that's the new sensors right
so we again you know Chris Hedges talks
about this a lot we we are now in we're
living in what he calls a inverted
totalitarianism where the the
totalitarianism isn't expressed in a
person but it is in the nameless
faceless corporate state and you know
Julian Assange talked about this in 2010
about how the the the new censorship
will come from the corporation the
government won't do it directly and
that's exactly what's happening and they
could lose their Facebook page now we
all know how you know you can't have a
business without a Facebook page these
days you just can't or it's very
difficult put it that way that it's
become part of our culture Facebook page
too
things like that I know Instagram is - I
don't Instagram won't do it Facebook has
has had hate speech mishaps in the past
this is from slate magnate slate
Facebook has had hate speech mishaps in
the past black lives matter activist
Shaun King was temporarily removed from
Facebook in 2016 so that happened to him
what they're afraid is gonna happen to
them it happened as Shaun King in 2016
because he posted hate speech that he
had received so he was showing people
the stuff that he'd gotten that episode
stem from a team member wrongly removing
the post according to a screenshot King
posted so that's what Facebook says a
team member a Facebook team member do
you know Jimmy I just want to point out
that a lot of people had tried to get
off of Facebook like I want to close my
account right now the easiest way is
just to post the Declaration of
Independence haha
posted three times Facebook and the
major platforms are being pressured by
European Member States and the EU
Commission to take an over broad and
immediate response to hate speech
Citroen said Facebook Twitter Google and
Microsoft have been pressured quote to
remove hate speech within 24 hours which
effectively means that you have to use
an algorithm so they've been pressured
to remove hate speech within 24 hours
which means you can't do it have an
actual person look at the stuff because
it's too vast there's too many things so
you got to use a computer algorithm
Facebook's apology by the way did not
imply that it was algorithm algorithmic
though it also did not specify either
way said Tarling Tyndall SB principal
researcher at Microsoft New England he
said that in an email the state slate
quote if anything part of the problem
here is that we do not truly understand
how these decisions are being made only
that they are being made this is a
bigger problem
then getting it wrong once in a while I
totally agree with that again you have
no recourse Facebook could do whatever
they want Twitter can do by the way in
Facebook they they think you violated
their Community Guidelines they just
shut you down so now you're cut off from
all your friends and all your family on
Facebook you're just cut out and now
you're also a lot of people use Facebook
to log into like Instagram or log
into am I wrong about that people use
their fate or into their other stuff
people use and so now once you're locked
out of Facebook you can't get into those
other things so that's kind of like
someone made the analogy that's kind of
like what cults do when you cross a cult
and you do some behavior that that's bad
for the cult that's exactly what they do
they ostracize you like that they shun
you that's kind of like what Facebook
does it's like a cult and the problem
here is that we do not truly understand
how the decisions are made only that
they are being made and that is a bigger
problem than getting it wrong once in a
while
I totally hundred percent agree oh yeah
absolutely it's like one of those things
like oh well did they maybe get it wrong
this time no what are they doing in the
first place
why does a website that was founded to
rank college girls and later just became
a data mine for everyone get to tell us
what free speech is or isn't that could
have been written into idiocracy it's
ridiculous this is ridiculous that we we
think Facebook has a responsibility to
keep us from fake what the f
no they don't it's Facebook it's
got they've noticed to do nothing if you
don't want to use Facebook don't use it
if you're you don't I mean not won't if
you want any type of kind of oversight
like that or kind of any type of
Community Guidelines or stuff like a
make it a public utility make it a
utility then and you know when they say
that there's no way to have oversight
because there's too many users on this
yeah
I'm they're making billions and billions
and billions and billions of dollars
here's your jobs program ah if you want
some over
site and if it would be a utility it
would be you know it would provide I
don't know it just seems like so weird
one that people are getting their news
from Facebook too that they can censor
anything that I post on Facebook let's
make it a utility and what do we need to
do to make it a utility in a blog post
in 2017 Facebook defined hate speech as
anything that directly attacks people
based on protected characteristics and
what are those protected characteristics
well things including race ethnicity
gender disability or religious
affiliation so you could certainly see
how that net would have scooped up the
phrase merciless Indian savages so again
there we hiked I hope I hope people get
it that having Silicon Valley
billionaires determine what's fake news
what's real what's hate speech what's
not who gets to have free speech who
gets to talk in the town square because
that's what Facebook is it's a town
square and now a silicon billionaire in
dark in darkness by the way gets to
decide who has free speech in that Town
Square and who doesn't and you know if
the government and the establishment are
that concerned about what's happening on
Facebook because they certainly are then
maybe it is an important public utility
that everybody gets to have access to
and you have the same rights of freedom
of speech as you have in the real world
maybe we should do that and yes and what
they're doing by saying that Facebook
has to cut out the the fake news what
you're doing is saying that people can't
handle being alive because there's
propaganda every day there's fake news
every goddamn commercial that comes on
the TV is propaganda and fake news we
can handle it I I know that that using a
whitening tooth toothpaste isn't gonna
make my life better but they can tell me
that they can tell me I'm gonna get a
better job or a raise or fall in love
everything's gonna my whole life is
gonna work out if I just use this
toothpaste
or deodorant or whatever yeah yeah
that's the other thing like worth
pointing out if something like Facebook
were a utility it would have to follow
the First Amendment right they couldn't
just make up their own rule which is
actually algorithm that doesn't even
work yes
oh this speech is too offensive for our
book hey we live in the world right we
can handle it
so all this is is hey we're what we're
gonna do is control what you think and
see that's what that is
that's what Twitter and Facebook and any
other place that says we're gonna filter
out fake news for you they're gonna
control they want to control what you
can read and what you can say because
that's what this is this has anything to
do with freedom liberty or protecting
you this has to do with corporate
control of the narrative that's what
this has to do and the government wants
Facebook to crack down on the narratives
that they don't like like one of the
narratives they'll call fake news on
Facebook if you if you talk about those
gas attacks and doom on Goethe being a
false flag attack if you question that
narrative that's considered fake news on
Facebook congratulations now only
government approved propaganda gets a
place on Facebook because that's what
they're doing anything no okay
Congrats hey please make sure you
subscribed even if you think you are you
probably are it only takes a second to
check and then click that bell to make
sure you get a notice every time we drop
a video they won't they won't tell you
every time anyway but it's the only
thing we can do to fight back against
the bastard so please make sure you're
subscribed and click that bell and our
next live show is July 15th in Chicago
and after that July 27th in Burbank
California special guests on that show
Abby Martin and if you could become a
patron that would be fantastic we give
you hours of bonus material every week
thanks for your support
you
