hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
Show I'm here with Ron play Cohn and the
miserable live role I'm miserable howdy
howdy so now there are some especially
egregiously atrociously obnoxious a-hole
people on twitter who are anti
progressives and anti Bernie's yet they
call themselves you know Democrats or
liberals or whatever and then one of the
worst of all times is this woman Sally
Albright right right now right now she's
one of the absolute worst well just as
an example of the stuff she tweets she
talks about Bernie offering free college
and she somehow makes it racist that was
one of her greatest hits one of her
greatest hits that's from this year
January 16th so I didn't have to go that
far back to find something crazy or
horrible or atrocious so there it is
does it benefit anyone who isn't already
going to college and just doesn't want
to pay reinforcing the status quo is
racist it would be free for everybody
not just white people it'd be free for
African Americans and Hispanics and
Asians and and white people it'd be it
would be for everybody you know the
greatest argument ever for free college
14 people liked that tweet ah that's it
that's what they call a bad ratio so you
see she has 85 responses to this only 14
likes it's not the best that's called a
bad ratio so people are commenting not
liking your posts on your own time line
so when Ronald Reagan got rid of free
college tuition in the state of
California it wasn't race it wasn't no
that was that was him being good to two
minorities when Ronald Reagan got rid of
free college in California he was
getting rid of that racist free college
Oh Ronald Reagan he's a civil rights
fight ahead of his time he was way ahead
people thought he was racist himself
because he demon
poor black people as welfare queens and
made up stories about them that didn't
exist but no he deferred he did a big
big help ease he started making them pay
full price for college that's that's how
do you how do you fight racism you start
charging minorities to go to get
educated mm-hmm that's how you fight
racism he was upfront about it too
they'd be like Ronald Reagan why are you
getting rid of free college he'd be like
minorities you're welcome didn't think
about it that way he was actually
upfront about it they were asking why
are you doing this and he said why
should i subsidize the education of
people are gonna vote against me mm-hmm
Sally Albright are you listening
so this act so that's who this who
that's what Sally she's the worst of the
worst and she tries to pretend she's a
you know a regular normal person or
liberal whatever and because she voted
for Hillary Clinton and hated Bernie and
what she turns out she worked for Newt
Gingrich for a while too so she's just a
scum
oh well Newt Gingrich also wants kids to
clean the classroom right sad oh so they
can really learn how to value their
education poor kids don't have a work
ethic that's the problem so over at this
is from Huff Huff PO it said how a
Twitter fight over Bernie Sanders
revealed a network of fake accounts one
Democratic Party consultants said an
unnamed client controlled many of these
accounts well who was that person Sally
Albright so real quick I'll give you
some background this is from that
article in Mexico allies of president
Enrique Pena Nieto have deployed swarms
of Twitter BOTS to overwhelm and
effectively shut down online debates
journalists in the United States
experienced a similar flood during the
2016 election from pro Trump neo-nazi
sock puppet accounts posting
anti-semitic death threats often instead
of suppressing speech it doesn't like
the Chinese government these days drowns
it on local social media platforms with
the flood of pro-government content
University of North Carolina scholar
scholar as NEP to fakie has labeled this
tactic a new form of censorship so why
do I have why do I tell you that well I
tell you that first because that's
pretty much essentially what people like
Sally Albright have been doing
and and the David Brock trolls that are
hired by the Hillary Clinton campaign or
working for in conjunction record
correctors record correctors so Sally
Sally Albright got into a Twitter spat
with this guy named Trevor he doesn't
give his last name because he doesn't
want to be doxxed so in this article in
HuffPo he says that he's a senator
supporter who declined so there you go
he noticed a strange pattern of behavior
when Albright responded to him her
tweets addressing him were rapidly
retweeted by the same series of accounts
this created a barrage of notifications
making it look as though there was an
avalanche of opposition to everything he
said but as Trevor discovered after an
extensive amount of research that he
posted online these were not normal
accounts they appeared to be BOTS
automated accounts masked as real people
being used to amplify a particular
political message who is really pulling
the strings however remains a mystery oh
really
Albright told Huffington Post that the
accounts were voluntarily handed over by
their original users to an unnamed
client of hers to be automated in an
analytical program yet that that doesn't
sound good
that's not a good explanation oh so she
has an automatic propaganda machine yeah
she's saying uh they were voluntary some
people voluntarily handled handing them
over to someone who tweets bot stuff for
me that good she said she was bound by a
non-disclosure agreement and could not
disclose who was collecting and
automating these counts or for what
purpose but like her these accounts were
all pro-clinton anti-trump
and anti Sanders Twitter allows users to
automate their accounts including
setting up automatic retweeting and
liking of other accounts this increases
activity and the platform something
Twitter obviously wants to do and allows
busy users to promote messages or
businesses that they support
presumably Twitter did not anticipate
that users would simply hand their
accounts over to another person or a
campaign to artificially spread the
latter's tweets
I bet Twitter did anticipate that and
didn't give a half that's what I'm
thinking the ability to swamp a debate
with automated messages is a problem for
political discourse around the world
Twitter is a vital platform for
political debate automating Twitter
accounts to retweet or otherwise promote
specific messages thus becomes a tactic
to silence political debate and squelch
free speech so exactly what they were
accusing the Russian BOTS of doing it
turns out the blue twitter bots are
doing it yep and they're out in the open
about and they're out in the update open
David Brock they don't date they brag
that they a circumvented campaign
finance laws by having the Twitter
trolls that correct the record mmm they
brag that they got around it and that
they brag how effective they are over
the course of the last year so Albright
was their their favorite account to
retweet almost always as a group the
fake accounts also retweeted people who
responded to Albright's tweets again
usually as a group and often while in a
debate with other users the writers at
Share blue you know who those share blue
guys those guys are the dregs
mmm-hmm oh those guys are the dregs a
Pro Java kradic party news site they try
to call themselves progressives the guys
who write for share booth we're
progressives you just spent that two
years propping up Hillary Clinton you
can't you're not a progressive you're
just blatant liar you're a progressive
liar they're progressive liars that
share blue that if you share it you get
the blues you get the blues that's what
they were also frequently retweeted by
the network of fake accounts really hmm
really particularly when the shared blue
folks had something negative to say
about Sanders
that's such a coinkidink these accounts
also liked hashtag resistant celebrities
like liberal conspiracy theorist Eric
garland time for some game theory talk
about a conspiracy there is that guy
nuts guy guy talk to talk about talking
out of your ass Jesus that Eric garlic
guy Wow you ever see his stuff and his
runner-up and his runner-up at Harvard
Law Professor Lawrence tribe who we just
we just featured him in another video of
doing this exact crap thing and that's
something and they were often deployed
in intradermal attic party battles when
albright led a Twitter campaign to
attack a 20-17 Women's Conference for
inviting senator Sanders to speak after
Clinton senator Elizabeth Warren and
Senator Kilson Gillibrand had turned
them down
hmm the automated account network
deployed to retweet her and any positive
responses to her tweets Albright
probably didn't need those retweets as
there were actual people opposing the
conference's decision still someone
questioned her campaign to block Sanders
from speaking describing it as similar
to Russian division strategy she wrote
back yet I'm not I am NOT Russian then
over a dozen fake accounts retweeted her
man I just love I just loved that mode
of thinking over there I'd add correct
the record look free college is racist
universal health care is a pony and if
you're not with her you gave us Trump
see at Peter dial CD release party Brad
Albright admitted to the HuffPo that she
had handed over a number of accounts to
that unnamed client that had been
connected to previous projects of hers
and that were no longer in use so what
she's claiming is that people she knows
gave her the use of of their Twitter
accounts and she gave them over to this
third person who then uses all those to
help prop up her tweets and so she's not
respond what that who
does that who takes someone else's
accountant gives it to someone else is
it kind of even heard of that until now
did you and then she's not able to
reveal who those clients wait a minute
wait a minute that doesn't make any
sense she also said that she changed the
pictures for some of them so she's
changing the avatars on the profile pics
of the Twitter people that's exactly
what a spammer does that's what spammers
do yeah one of the Albright linked
accounts at over the Bay Bridge appears
to have a picture of an actual person
named Kirby Manning but the Manning
photo has been taken from someone else
and appropriated for this account the
real person is Brinkley Hutchings a
leadership coach and environmental
activists in Alabama other accounts that
Albright said she provided to her
clients project included propaganda
monster druid city media voter
protection bucks pocket sallying and
social capital each of these accounts
was connected to a website domain that
had been purchased by Sally Albright at
least one of them has an honest name
sallying propaganda propaganda monster I
don't really see it as the same thing as
rushing accounts of course not but I
guess since you're calling me about it I
guess that means that it's something
that I didn't think that it was if that
makes sense I like what people say that
if that makes sense
Albright said people seemed upset by it
in a way I did not anticipate again just
a duplicitous transparent bullshitter
could not be more if you can't see
through that then uh I got it I got
didn't I got a bridge I want to sell you
in Florida how about that if you can't
see through that then you really believe
Trump's tax plan is gonna be good for
you aren't there wouldn't there be
somebody that would like like a family
member or something that would kind of
like I just picture some of these people
like hey would you do today well first I
made fun of a bunch of Bernie Sanders
supporters and I tweeted at them and
then I got some of my other
accounts to tweeted them to and then I
gave some of them pictures because I
would tired it looking all at all the
eggs and it's like okay we need to talk
we need to it's time for an intervention
so that's pretty interesting and that's
a fun story and good work over to that
guy
Trevor or Trevor and who's the gentleman
at Huffington Post who put this together
let me give him a shout-out yeah because
this one's been spreading like wildfire
a lot of people have been sharing this
article
his name is Paul Blumenthal nice work by
PAS Blumenthal so there you go that's a
super interesting you know what's to say
that so so apparently she should just
hire some Russian trolls and she would
be much more effective she could have
swung the election back to Hillary
Clinton she was hiring the wrong twirls
that's all well she didn't have a meme
of Hillary Clinton with rainbow abs
either somebody she didn't think of that
she didn't think of a shirtless meme for
Bernie now that wasn't her this is so
basic but if you really believe in the
platform that you're perpetuating or any
ideas that you want to communicate on
Twitter why then do you have to link
yourself to anonymous account if you
really believe and you really are
speaking about what you say yes wouldn't
you want to actually know if the
connects with people wouldn't you want
to actually know if your ideas are
landing waiting set of notes state
because they're propagandist F they're
not telling the truth this is called
lying publicly to push a political
position and I bet any money she's my
bet she's being paid to do it I'd
imagine so
of course she has clients and she's a
Democratic consultant and and so this
also by the way that with the more
popular her tweets look the more it
looks like she's popular so you might
want to hire her so it's all propaganda
again it was propaganda on top of
propaganda she's doing she's doing by
the way she's an expert she's doing
multi multi layered and multi-pronged
propaganda at one time maybe just maybe
she tried a more inclusive approach on
Facebook and it didn't
or like maybe she posted free colleges
racist thoughts and everyone below was
like what's your problem she was like I
try something else
uh-huh so there you go and now you know
the rest of the story and now you know
how stupid it is that Robert Mueller
trying to pretend that 13 Twitter
Russian Twitter BOTS somehow influenced
our election so now you know this is
began this is a big propaganda this is
WMDs all over again and you've seen how
it happens don't none of those people
are gonna be indicted today throw the
election didn't they throw the election
it's so crazy so nuts so please I gotta
ask you a favor please make sure you
find a way to support the show you can
become a patron we give you hours of
bonus material or March 26 is our Monday
night show in Austin Texas a live Jimmy
Dore show and March 30th in Burbank
California is a live Jimmy Dore show
links for tickets right there please
make sure you're subscribed to our show
even if you think you are only takes a
second to check and then click that Bell
to make sure you get a notification when
we drop a video thanks for your support
[Music]
