we have a special guest today with us
it's a former CIA agent John Kiriakou I
know I'm saying it wrong again right
Kuryakin carry aku god bless america
all right we got it so he among other
things he was imprisoned for revealing
information about the CIA's torture he
and he he spent some time in prison he
got a 30-month sentence but he's also
the founding member of the veteran
intelligence professionals for sanity he
was CIA analysts and case offers he was
the first US government official to
confirm in December 2007 that
waterboarding was being used to
interrogate al-qaeda prisoners which he
described as torture and guess what the
CIA awarded him with over ten
exceptional performance awards so think
about that plus he's the author of
several books the most recent doing time
like a spy how the CIA taught me to
survive and thrive in prison welcome
John thank you so much for having me
now can I so there's so many things I
just want to first of all start off when
I saw you come on television and you
were talking abou admitted that the CIA
had tortured people and you said that
Abzu Zubaydah was only tortured once and
it turned out he got tortured 82 times
yeah III 83 and my question was what did
they forget to ask him those first 82
times yeah seriously
you know that's my my greatest regret
from that ABC News interview back in
December of 2007 when I said he had been
tortured once the reason I said he'd
been tortured once is because that's
what had been reported through CIA
channels we didn't learn until 2009 when
the CIA Declassified 2005 inspector
general's report that Mitchell and
Jessen the two contracts psychologists
who were actually carrying out the
torture were lying to headquarters to
make it look like the torture was next
feeding so it was years before we
covered that so now why did why weren't
those people who invented the program
ever prosecuted there was never even a
court hearing as far as I know but we
got people like you caught up they did
get
Lyndsay England so what what I don't
understand why they'd never prosecuted
someone like that what's your theory on
that yeah that's the $64,000 question
isn't it the bottom line is that they
wanted to make an example of me and I've
gotten this from from very senior CIA
officers who you know very quietly
expressed their support that the word
was put out inside the CIA in 2007 we're
gonna make an example of him and if you
want us to ruin you like we're gonna
ruin him then go ahead and open your
mouth so the point really wasn't to send
me to prison point was to ruin be
personally and professionally and then
to use me as an example for others to
make sure that they kept their mouth
shut okay and and did it did it work you
think no actually I think it didn't work
two reasons first of all we got Ed
Snowden in the summer of 2013 and told
the New York Times that he watched my
case and he watched the case at NSA of
Tom Drake and that we inspired him to go
public with his revelations and then
after Snowden we have whoever it is we
don't even know who it is who released
the the vault seven documents to
Wikileaks we don't know if it's a CIA
officer a C a contractor or even if
they're still at the CIA but there have
been two major whistleblowing cases
after mine so now the vote the vault
seven people might not know it released
all the techniques that the CIA was
using to listen in on you through your
smartphone's through your TV's through
all that stuff and people were freaked
out about it but then that went away
really fast nobody talks about it
anymore because I guess we already we
already live in a surveillance state
anyway and so about what let me just ask
you as someone who worked in the CIA and
now we live in a surveillance state does
it kind of blow your mind that we live
in a completely unconstitutional time
and no one seems to care about it right
I mean this is what I actually lose
sleep over this like how is it that I'm
the only person who cares about these
issues we're supposed to be a country of
laws we're supposed to be a country
it's governed by a constitution and and
certainly on my first day at the CIA I
put my right hand in the air and I swore
to uphold the Constitution of the United
States and to protect the country
against all enemies foreign and domestic
I couldn't have been the only person in
the room that day who took that oath
seriously you know we we tell other
countries that we're this shining beacon
of human rights and have civil liberties
and civil rights and be insist that they
behave in a certain way and none of that
is true when we spy on our own citizens
and we ignore the laws that we have this
country all in the name of national
security it's just plain wrong and I
believe it's well don't you know it just
seems funny to me that everyone right
now is running around going crazy
because Trump might have met with
Russian officials to get dirt on his
political opponent meanwhile we have
bona fide war criminals that are going
on daytime talk shows and being embraced
by lefty hosts that's some kind of like
I'm talking about George Bush you know
like they literally lied us into an
illegal war then they they ordered from
my case I think they ordered torture to
cover up what they were doing because
they wanted to get people to admit the
stuff that they actually didn't do which
is the point of torture in the first
place what do you think about that I
think you're exactly right listen I got
a knot in the pit of my stomach the
other day with the other day when I saw
these poll knobs saying that George W
Bush who had something like 14% approval
rating when he left office among
Democrats now has something like a
fifty-one percent approval rating among
Democrats like our Democrats that that
Craven absentminded that they forget
that george w bush was committing war
crimes did we forget that dick cheney
was his was his vice president I mean I
just can't believe that things have
gotten so bad that we've somehow
rehabilitated george w bush and the
people around him that makes no sense to
me well we have democratic leaders going
on television like nancy pelosi on the
view saying oh i wish for the day I long
for the days of George Bush I mean it's
just because they find Donald Trump to
be personally you know disgusting which
a lot of people do he's a very
disgusting guy but but that doesn't make
me want to forget war crimes or an
illegal war at that you're absolutely
right and look at Michael Hayden hey
there's another one right hatin was the
head of NSA when NSA began to spy on
Americans then he became the head of the
CIA at the tail end of the torture
program it was Mike Hayden that that
that initiated and pushed the
prosecution of Tom Drake bill Binney
Kirk Wiebe and other whistleblowers at
NSA and then it was it was that same
Mike Hayden who supported and extended
the torture program at CIA he became a
part of the anti-trump movement and now
he's on MSNBC on the Rachel Maddow Show
criticizing Trump somehow this this hero
of the left eye that team's not he's a
war criminal and he ought to be treated
as a war criminal I couldn't agree with
you more i I you know it all started
with a Hillary Clinton claiming you know
Henry Kissinger as her buddy
I think that was the beginning of the
end for the left both both Hillary
Clinton and every Republican running for
president last year went to New York to
kiss the Kissinger ring and get on their
knees in front of him yeah it made me
sick to my stomach
yeah it's it's pretty it's pretty
disgusting they just named a building
after him I think in Harvard anyway no
one was ever prosecuted except for you
for torture and what I say you know cuz
Barack Obama said all those torture
crimes happen in the past and he was
looking towards the future yeah that was
like oh I guess so that's amazing I
guess everybody in prison committed
their crimes in the future because
that's the only place you can commit
your crimes is in the past right so
right so that was so the fact that
Barack Obama did not prosecute any of
the people who ordered torture or
carried it out guarantees it will happen
again which is why people who were Trump
was appointing to the be head of the CIA
was saying he wants to do more
waterboarding that's because if you
don't prosecute it guarantees it happens
again there's many reasons while you
prosecute somebody one is for justice
one is to restitution one is also to
make sure deterrence it doesn't happen
again so now see I
I would it be crazy of me to say that
that program is still happening today in
certain parts of the world I think that
it happens one step removed you know
we're not allowed to use techniques now
that are not delineate it in the Army
Field Manual and that's great thanks to
John McCain and Dianne Feinstein I think
that's a wonderful thing I think that
the Congress could have done something a
lot tougher and a lot stronger they
didn't but that's okay
but what the CIA does now it is they
will grab somebody overseas and then
they'll send them to a country that
still does torture and say listen here's
a prisoner don't torture him week wink
and send us a memo and tell us
everything that he says well that way we
just get these other countries these
friendly intelligence services to do our
dirty work for us and then CIA officers
go to Capitol Hill and say with a
straight face we don't have a torture
program anymore so you're saying that is
that part of the extraordinary rendition
that's where they take someone who they
suspect has information they they sent
them to Egypt or they sent them
somewhere maybe Turkey or who knows
where they send them right and they know
and they have maybe they even send them
to Bagram right and in Afghanistan
entirely possible you know there you
make an important point - you asked if
that was extraordinary rendition yes
there's a difference in between
rendition and extraordinary rendition if
you're in Egyptian let's say and I'm in
Pakistan and I catch you and you have no
Passport
and no plausible explanation for what
you're doing there and the Pakistanis
don't want you to stay in their country
and we send you back to Egypt
that's a rendition that's perfectly
people but if you're an Egyptian
Pakistan and I catch you and I send you
to Morocco or Afghanistan or some secret
prison in some country that nobody's
even thought about that's extraordinary
rendition and that is illegal that's a
violation of international law it's a
violation of the UN Charter and no
country should be doing it in fact we do
it all the time so I yeah I mean I make
the case that we live in a lawless
society we
it's been that way for pretty much since
Nixon didn't have to pay a price for
what he did we and the savings alone we
put a few people away for that but ever
since then it's nothing right we got a
few people at Enron remember when that
happened but no one's paid a price for
illegal Wars for torture for war crimes
for crashing our economy and stuffing
their pockets at the same time for even
laundering drug money like hsbc got
caught someone like 700 million dollars
in drug money they didn't prosecute
anybody because they said it would be a
shock to the system so it it's we live
in a lawless society no one's gonna go
to prison except somebody anybody who
goes against the establishment like
Trump ironically it's when you've got
the Attorney General of the United
States authorizing the sale of weapons
to Mexican drug cartels an operation
called fast and furious and then he says
oh yeah my bad sorry about that probably
should have done it and then just
everybody forgets about it you know that
there's a problem
now I actually understood President
Obama when he said that he wanted to
look forward not backward in that CIA
officers were told during the Bush
administration that this torture program
was not actually a torture program that
had been approved by the Justice
Department and by the White House and
carrying it out was perfectly within the
confines of the law that was specious it
was wrong morally and ethically but I
understand if you're a CIA officer you
did it because you were told it was
legal move on but there were CIA
officers who murdered prisoners in they
were never prosecuted what about CIA
officers under who threatened to kill
the wives or children of prisoners to
custody that was not authorized by the
Justice Department so where's the
justice there where are the prosecutions
there well there were no prosecutions
and that's why every CIA officer knows
that when the national mood changes
maybe there's going to be another
terrorist attack and Americans are going
to be gung-ho to go crackheads overseas
again they know that they're going to be
able to get away with the torture
program at some point in the future
that's
absolutely 100% right you know I could
understand not prosecuting the people
who stayed within the confines of the
orders that they got but there are lots
of people who went farther than those
orders to which I which is what you're
saying and they didn't even prosecute
those people right so that's not that's
just crazy
what and by the way all right don't
prosecute the CIA people on the ground
how about prosecute the guy who
developed it I bought prosecuted to be
exactly who ordered it how about them so
that's nobody got it so that's just it's
just crazy now let's move on to more
more towards today by the way you know
this the Barack Obama he used the he
prosecuted more people using you know
whistleblowers in the in journalism
using the Espionage Act now what that's
crazy and no one seems to make a big
deal out of it I say if Trump did that
people would be marching in the streets
why do you think yeah oh you're
absolutely right listen Barack Obama
just because he says that he was the
most transparent president in history
doesn't make it true the the Espionage
Act was written in 1917 to combat German
saboteurs during the first world war
between 1917 and 2009 the Espionage Act
was used to prosecute three Americans
for for talking to members of the media
between 2009 and and the end of the
Obama administration it's a January of
2017 eight Americans were prosecuted
under the Espionage Act for talking to
the press that's almost three times the
number of all previous presidents
combined that's not transparency that's
exactly the opposite of transparency in
my view Barack Obama was the enemy of
transparency he was the enemy of
whistleblowers and so people still love
to brag that he's the best president in
my lifetime even though everything he
did Bob Dole or John McCain would it did
beat bit he took he took Bush's Wars he
expanded them from two to seven he then
he caught a fide Bush's tax cuts he made
the banks big
right he he's the one who he let us now
we can export fossil fuels which is why
we have pipelines crisscrossing the
country now people have he opened the
Arctic to drill I mean it's unbelievable
what the guy did why do you think that's
so it seems like there's some kind of a
trick being played some mega trick oh
that yes then that mark halpern in John
Heilemann two political reporters wrote
a book called double down it's it's a
book about it's a follow-up to an
earlier book but it's a book about the
2012 presidential election and Obama
agreed to sit for an interview in that
book and there were two quotes that book
that I thought were absolutely chilling
the first one Obama just very
matter-of-factly said I never said I was
a liberal yeah like like the joke was
all on us that we thought he was a
liberal and what he never said he was a
liberal and the other comment was about
the drug program where he said that he
never realized that he was that he would
be so good at killing people one of my
favorite statistics comparing Obama to
george w bush visa v the drone program
is that in george w bush's last month as
president he killed two people with the
use of a drone in Barack Obama's last
month as president he killed 426 people
with drones so how is Obama the champion
of freedom and transparency that doesn't
make any sense to me well I'll do I
agree with you that's a great wowthat's
I didn't know those stats that's amazing
I'll just ask you this about you know
Barack Obama literally repealed habeas
corpus when he signed the National
Defense Authorization Act section 1021
said that all the government has to do
is say you're a terrorist and they can
throw you in jail without trial right so
that's that that repeals habeas corpus
habeas corpus I have to remind people is
included in the Magna Carta
so we've now repealed the Magna Carta
when we are operating on a Liberty view
from somewhere around the 1100 yeah and
why do you think Chris Hedges says the
reason why they did that
and the reason why when Chris Hedges won
his court suit against the NDAA that
section 1021 they reversed it the next
day and his theory was because they're
already doing that they're already
locking up people in other places and
not giving them trials this do you think
that's what's happening I actually do
think that's what's happening and we
have no way of knowing it unless there's
a whistleblower out there willing to
talk about it but Chris Chris Hedges is
is right I mean this is a threat the
very fiber of our democracy and I don't
use those words lightly this is this is
us becoming a country that we should
never want to become you know I really
believe that we're supposed to be this
shining beacon of democracy and freedom
and I always thought that we were until
until we initiated this torture program
the next live Jimmy Dore show is
November 6th in Burbank California and
November 12th and Portland Oregon link
for tickets right there
