how would he welcome to the jimmy dore
show im here with steps a Murano and Rob
black-owned hi Jim
hello alright we warned you or we
predicted and we'd said that it's by the
way it's easy to predict that once
censorship starts and everybody's cool
with it it's not stopping so when they
went after Alex Jones because he's so
hated and so vile which he is but let's
remember what Chomsky says if you don't
stand up for speech that disgusts you
you're not for freedom of speech that's
what this is about when I was a kid the
ACL used to defend the Nazis when they
would march in Skokie in Chicago which
was a lot of Jews people in Skokie so
the Nazis liked to march there to piss
them off in the ACLU would defend their
right and we all understood that they
weren't defending Nazis they were
defending freedom of speech because if
you can take it away from someone you
hate you can take it away from someone
you like so when this happened with Alex
Jones of course a bunch of knuckleheads
made the stupid lazy argument which is
also in wrong that you're defending Alex
Jones no one is we're standing up for a
principle and the principle is called
free speech which is different than
freedom of speech freedom of speech is
ensconce in the First Amendment free
speech comes out of the Enlightenment
which is an ideal that you're against
censorship no matter if it comes from
the government or religion or a
corporation and we told you that
Facebook is a monopolies just like
YouTube is a monopoly Google these are
monopolies and what we should do is
break them up we're not going to do that
so that what we should do is then treat
them like a public utility just like the
Internet
so you can't just
someone's public utility away from you
can't if you're a teen TV can't just
turn off the phone on someone because
you don't like what they're saying so
the view of this show and lots of other
people or some other not lot some other
people is that the Facebook and YouTube
and Google are been a police and the
fact that it's the law that Facebook is
a private company and they can deep
platform anybody when they feel like it
doesn't make it right used to be the law
that Rosa Parks had to sit out the back
of the bus that didn't make it right it
made it horrible
so now we have Facebook and Google
controlling the information flow in
America and whoever controls the
information flow controls the goddamn
country and so it's really dangerous to
let a few people control that much
information flow and so we have to put
some protections in and so when I say
the government should regulate Facebook
and YouTube I don't mean they should run
it I mean they should put protections in
that protect us and guarantee our free
speech remember the answer to bad speech
isn't censorship it's more speech so we
said there's gonna be unintended
consequences for all the knuckleheads on
the Left who are cheering on the deep
platforming of Alex Jones and well lo
and behold here it is tell us or
Facebook has deleted our Facebook page
for a second time this year without any
explanation two weeks ago we learned
about a new campaign against inauthentic
content
conducted by Facebook in consultation
with Congress and the secretive
think-tank the Atlantic Council so this
is an article written this week by Matt
Taibbi and rolling stone and this is
saws this is some stunning info hey
Jimmy but before you go on let's go back
to that first paragraph real quick here
where they say conducted by Facebook Inc
on
rotation with Congress all the people
that are saying when we talk about you
know free speech principles and how
Facebook should be a utility all the
people saying oh you mean the
government's gonna regulate and stuff
look Facebook and the government are in
bed already anyway and not in a good way
so Julian Assange laid this out in 2010
I saw a speech that he gave he said when
the censorship happens and not modern
times now it will be through the
corporate state so the Congress in
consultation with the Atlantic Council
do you know the Atlantic Council is the
Atlantic Council is the people who got
us in every illegal war since 1970 well
people before that because Henry
Kissinger's on the Atlantic Council and
he was instrumental in the Vietnam War
which was a big lie and then the first
Gulf War which is also a big lie the
last Gulf War in Iraq also a big lie
Libya also a big lie Syria also a big
lie so these MF errs in consultation
with Congress are doing the censoring so
it is the government through the
corporate state just like Ron just said
just like Julian Assange predicted and
why are they doing it why is why would
Facebook roll over to Congress because
they don't want them to break them up
cuz there are monopolies they don't want
them to brick they don't want regulation
don't like what okay we'll do it don't
worry whatever you want we'll do it
these people are somewhat we're gonna
get to it
so so there goes the Atlantic Council
whose board includes an array of ex-cia
and homeland security officials in the
name of cracking down on alleged Russian
disinformation efforts so also like we
told you the knuckleheads on the Left
whose instinct is to end reflex is
right-wing even if they're on the left
their instinct is right-wing and they're
pushing Russia gate with zero evidence
even though William Binney the top NSA
code breaker
has told you when the CIA says we have
high confidence that means they have no
evidence that means they're lying so the
people push in Russia gate and we've
said on this show and we've warned them
that when you push Russia gate it will
come back to be used on you as soon as
you go against anything the
establishment wants whether it be
single-payer health care or whether it
be the next war or the current Wars they
will then smear you as a Russian so all
this is happening because they're
fighting Russian disinformation and
what's happening well as a part of a
bizarre alliance of internet news
distributors and quasi government
censors the social network zapped 32
Facebook accounts am i and pages
including an ad for a real know unites
the right to that was an anti-racist
counter rally in DC they took something
that's anti-racist they took doubt to
left last week we saw another flurry of
censorship news Facebook apparently
suspended venable Venezuela analysis
calm a site critical of US policy
towards Venezuela you know cuz the
United States is trying to overthrow
another sovereign government as we
scream about Russia putting facebook
memes up that nobody saw we're actually
trying to overthrow a government
Twitter suspended a pair of libertarians
including Daniel McAdams of the Ron Paul
Institute and Scott Horton show of
anti-war calm for using the word
directed towards a man in a silly
political argument they too were later
reinstated more significantly Google's
former head of free expression issues in
Asia Luqman sue blasted the tech giant's
plan to develop a search engine that
would help the Chinese government censor
content
first reported by the intercept the plan
was called a stupid stupid move by psy I
guess that's how it's pronounced who
added I can't see a way to operate
Google search in China without violating
widely held international human rights
standards so do you understand what
Google's doing so China won't let Google
in China because China doesn't want
people to have access to information
because they're an oppressive fascist
communist government so Google wasn't
allowed to be in China and then they
were like well how about if we invent a
Google that sent that sends pre censors
out all the stuff you guys don't want
your people to read then can we get a
Google in there they're literally to see
what Julian Assange said they're
literally going to government's
facilitating censorship
oh don't problem we'll give you a we'll
give you a search engine Google will
give you a search engine and we'll we'll
figure out how to make an algorithm that
takes out all the information that
undermines your fascism Google it's
gonna do that remember they used to have
a model called do no evil wasn't that it
do no evil mm-hmm there they were trying
to get in bed with the Chinese
government to help them carry out
censorship in their own fascist way
these are the people you want to give
freedom to decide who gets to speak
monopolistic platforms like YouTube
Google and Facebook these are the people
you want deciding yes it is a lot of
people on the left totally ok with it
because Alex Jones is a jerk and the
course they don't know anything about
what I'm talking about now because
they're lazy and they don't really care
about the issue and they don't
understand what it means to have a
principle so they don't have principles
what they have is hatred for Alex Jones
and then they'll have principles
afterwards
so that's what Google's doing is that
come on is that little bit mind-blowing
that they're doing that they're gonna
aid the Chinese government in carrying
out fascism and censorship they're gonna
give them a search engine that censors
out stuff that's contrary to fascism
mm-hmm I mean yeah it but it made sense
like this was the next step and a lot of
this stuff happened simultaneously
I mean before the Alex Jones things
happened they were already you know
these anti-war sites and so forth being
blocked and throttled by Facebook or
being deleted from Facebook so I mean
for a long time now this has been seen
as an alarm and I think people
especially people on the left that are
trying to just make it about jobs that
they do the mental gymnastics necessary
by trying to downplay Facebook's
influence by trying to be like well
Facebook's just I mean there's every
newspaper have to publish every blabber
brother but they know that that's not
that's not what Facebook is yeah
Facebook is not a public utility and
it's not a publisher not a publisher
Facebook is by the way there's a law
that was written in 1996 that says they
can't be sued for whatever goes on their
platforms you can't be sued for it
that's in the law yeah and as we've said
that's an example of them wanting to
have their cake and eat it too
yes because they're saying oh yeah we're
just an open source thing we're just
ever anyone can have a profile or
whatever well unless we don't like we
have to enforce Henry Kissinger says hit
he doesn't like you or Congress says
they don't like you then we'll take it
down because Congress told us or Henry
Kissinger told us that's crazy that's
what the that sort of a lot of people on
the Left are literally advocating
this came them helping the Chinese carry
out their fascists fascist istic
censorship that's came on the heels of
news that Israeli cut Kenneth's net I
can't pronounce that Knesset passed a
second reading of a Facebook bill
authorizing courts to delete content on
security grounds that doesn't something
at all security security the court said
few Americans heard these stories why
well because the big censorship news
last week surrounded widely hated Alex
Jones after surviving after surviving
halting actions by Facebook and YouTube
the week before the screeching Infowars
lunatic was hit decisively removed from
Apple Facebook Google and Spotify well
and and the irony of ironies is that
Alex Jones conspiracy theorist literally
gets taken down by an actual conspiracy
of the huge corporations he claims to be
fighting again
that's hilarious it's ironic is that an
ironic very much ok so it gives villain
so now the people who follow Alex Jones
believe what he says even more because
of this and of course his app popularity
went through the roof because of this
and anyway it's amazing and yet this is
Matt Taibbi speaking and yet I didn't
celebrate when Jones was banned
collectively all these stories represent
a revolutionary moment in media so
there's a revolutionary moment in media
happening right now and the people who
are applauding the censorship of Alex
Jones are missing this just like they're
missing what happened with Russia gate
Russia gate was an invention by the
establishment in the Democratic Party to
take the focus off the electoral fraud
that happened in the primary and that's
why they lost to Donald Trump that's why
we have Donald Trump so
all these stories represent a
revolutionary moment in media Jones is
an incidental player in a much larger
narrative so people focusing on Jones
are missing the point of course they are
he's in it's Matt Taibbi says he's an
incidental player in a much larger
narrative both the Jones situation and
the Facebook Atlantic Council deletions
seem an effort to fulfill a request made
last year by the Senate Judiciary
Committee so this is a corporation
bending to the will of the government
again this is government censorship
they're just telling the corporation to
do it and the corporation does it and
then idiots who don't think deeply go on
Twitter and every place else and say no
it's a private company they can do
whatever they want and I've lightly read
about this maybe I read a paragraph
about this
I'm Sam I kind of informed but I'm gonna
come and tell you you're wrong the guy
who's super informed on this last
October Facebook Google and Twitter were
asked by Hawaii senator mazie his Ono to
drop a mission statement to prevent get
this prevent the foment of discord what
what moving that is almost a quote of an
oral novel yes that is like Wow Wow
yeah again this doesn't scare anybody on
the left for some reason who are pushing
this censorship as a good thing
and doing mental gymnastics to pretend
that it's just Alexson it's okay because
of this and that and his Terms of
Service and da bobba bobba that's all
 arguments we've knocked them
down already and how do you really
measure the degree of fomenting oh yeah
you know like I'm pushing discord I'm
not fomenting
I'm just tapping the discord it's okay
I'm gonna tap into the discord that's
already been fomented
when Google announced it was tightening
its algorithm to push more authoritative
content that's what Google's doing
Google's deciding what you see and what
you don't see do you get how they
control information now you get how they
controlled information last April it
defined fake news as blatantly
misleading get this low quality fake
news is low quality that's low quality
knew what it was they how about weapons
of mass destruction was that low quality
would you take that Washington Post
editorial down from Facebook because
it's low quality how about an offensive
or downright false well when when all
the news media said that Saddam had WMDs
which is why we went to war that was
false and that was misleading and there
was low quality and it was offensive to
me that didn't get taken down in fact I
could put that up today I can put the
Neda toriel from the Washington Post
claiming that Saddam has weapons of mass
destruction and saying we should go to
war I could put that up in Facebook
today even though it's all those things
it's misleading it's low-quality its
offensive and it's downright false
information and they would never take
that down the low quality thing is
actually especially disturbing anybody
can get censored no well no not just
that but with the low quality part you
know I think it's because there's a
little bit of power that we have as
people now because we have these and we
have these in our pockets Mitt Romney
lost because there was a guy behind the
catering table that had one of these at
his pockets right and he said this 47%
comment some people are gonna want to
hear this that that's what helped that
guy lose that election yep
so there's power in these in our pockets
now especially when a police officers
doing something they're not supposed to
or whatever else it may be so that low
quality thing is especially disturbing
yes that's especially to discourage
citizen journalism mm-hmm and let's
remember that the the traditionally the
the job of news maker or news reporter
was was given to the poor in the country
rich people didn't become news people
like they do today
Anderson Cooper's of that member of the
van Vanderbilt family those people cuz
you know why can see Gog's make some
millions of dollars reading a
teleprompter be used to be real news men
were disliked and they came from the
lower-class
it isn't clear but within short order a
whole range of alternative sites from
alternate to TruthDig to the world
socialist website started complaining
about significant drops in traffic
apparently thanks to change certs
processes so the fact that they do these
algorithms in secret that's already a
scandal to me that's already a scandal
so they can push whichever news story
they want in their algorithm and we
don't know they're pushing it they can
push whatever video or news channel
anything and it's done in private in
secret and we don't know what it is the
biggest people who control the
information aren't transparent about how
they're disseminating the information
that's a big problem and no one talks
about it they just accept it well they
got a new algorithm that's screwing us
and who are they screwing lefties
AlterNet TruthDig
world socialist website the jimmy dore
show secular report the humanist report
that's who they're screwing that's her
their D ranking that's her their ad
pocalypse Inge secular talk secular talk
what did I say he's a secular report but
oh I said report it's not gonna talk
sorry within a year get this within a
year google brag that it had deleted
eight million videos from YouTube a full
six point seven million videos were
caught by machines but 1.1 million were
caught by YouTube's own trusted flaggers
trusted flaggers hmm
we're pre writing the lexicon of the
next dystopian novels says Matt Taibbi
and four hundred thousand videos were
flagged by normal users the next
dystopian novels not gonna sell well cuz
it's not gonna be weirder than what's
going on that's right world that's right
in recent house of cards eventually went
under it's like this isn't weirder than
what's going on right what's going on a
documentary is that white house of cards
went under I thought it was because what
to call it got caught being a toucher
well yeah I mean yeah it was a little
bit everything it wasn't just one thing
but that was part of it too for more
than half a century we had an effective
ifs oh this so check so if you listen to
anything else in this report this is
this is the part that Matt's how you be
nails so people go what are you do
you're just gonna let Alex Jones target
people and target people that he's
targeting people you can't let him
target first of all if Alex Jones is
