hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a very special guest who
spent a lot of time in Syria over the
last two years her name is Carla Ortiz
she's a bolivian actress who's been in
such films as voice of Syria Che Guevara
and forgotten she's also a
philanthropist producer and activist and
we're super stoked to have around the
show please welcome Carla Ortiz Carla
thanks for being here Jimmy thank you so
much for having me here so now you we're
gonna get to what you've been doing
there you were in Syria you've been
there a bunch over the last two years
and you've seen a lot of stuff so what I
want you to be here so we can talk about
this together because I want people to
understand the roots of what this war is
in Syria so the let's remember what FDR
told us we had to struggle with the old
enemies of peace business and financial
monopoly speculation reckless banking
class antagonism sectionalism and war
profiteering so those are the enemies of
peace and they still are to this day and
if you really want to know what's
happening in Syria John Kerry let the
cat out of the bag in his congressional
testimony a few years ago
so here's John Kerry former Secretary of
State and he's gonna let you know that
Saudi Arabia has offered to pay the
United States to go into Syria and
overthrow Assad do you think I'm kidding
here we go with respect to Arab
countries offering to bear cost and to
assess the answers profoundly yes they
have that offer is on the table that
offer is on the table okay we're gonna
get a little bit did they offer to pay
for it is on the table
what what what offer here we come
secretary and the the details on the
offer and the proposal on the table what
what are the figures that we're talking
about well we don't know what action
we're engaged in right now but they've
been quite significant I mean very
significant in fact some of them have
said that if the United States is
prepared to go do the whole thing the
way we've done it previously in other
places they'll carry that cost that's
how dedicated they are this obviously
that's not so there's John Kerry
secretaries
state admitting that Saudi Arabia has
offered to pay for the whole thing and
he even giggled huh they said if we do
it like we did it before I'm guessing he
means Iraq Afghanistan and Libya yeah
that they'll they'll bear the whole cost
that's what he just said
did you know that John Kerry admitted
that cut Carla yeah of course I mean the
problem when you get involved with a
documentary because that's the reason
why I went to Syria you have to do a lot
of homework because yes my background is
I'm an actress and a producer and I know
as much as most of us know which is all
know the Middle East is such a mess
there's no solution to it they're
killing each other I don't even want to
know about it oh yeah there's always war
so we feel like so indifferent to it
because it's just so complicated we
don't even want to know we don't want to
know so when I decided to go I decided
to do some of the studies and do my
homework and I could not believe the
amount of information that is out there
and we don't have it and we don't know
that our governments in the Western
countries are doing and the governments
of the Latin American people because yes
I am an American citizen but I'm from
Bolivia that we don't know that our
policies also in Latin America and other
countries are supporting because the
powerful Nations says so so yes
unfortunately not only he's admitted but
also the Prime Minister of England has
done it and also the president of France
has done it in several occasions but how
do we not listen to this it is out there
because we don't have time were too busy
listen to the lies and being brainwashed
because we're all brainwash you know to
just set up and be like yes we see
children and children being killed
killed killed killed okay then we are
okay it's we're okay with our country
bombing other countries and this is kind
of the same rhetoric that we've been
listening over and over now I always
like to say I'm not a political analyst
I'm not a journalist I'm not a you know
a person that had any personal interest
I have no Syrian roots and literally my
only concern was to kind of make
originally a film about the way
in Syria about the children how they are
coping with a war and how they are
fighting the war from the homefront
unfortunately on the several trips I did
I was caught in different terrorist
attacks and I got to see firsthand the
aftermath of a terrorist attack so let's
let me show you have some video we have
some video from youth in Syria and I
just want to remind people what this is
really about again there's a pipeline
that Saudi Arabia wants to put through
it's a natural gas pipeline so they can
sell it to Europe and Saudi Arabia that
to happen because they sell it to Europe
and so that's why that's one of the
reasons why this is all happening also
Israel's involved but that's the main
reason and that's what John Kerry was
just talking about and that's why Saudi
Arabia wants to overthrow Syria and the
ridiculousness of the United States
saying we're helping people because
Assad is gassing his own people well
show you how stupid that is because
Assad was winning the war and if you go
to the art of war they say when your
enemy is nearly defeated and final
victory is at hand gas your own people
so the nation is greater than yours will
intervene and destroy you okay that's a
joke obviously because that doesn't make
any sense that Assad would do this he's
winning the war and I'll just show you
this real quick this is the Lord West
he's a former First Sea Lord chief of
the Naval Staff and UK chief defense
intelligence and here's what he said
about the latest gas attack ready until
I could set up a situation where I would
wait until a Syrian at helicopter was
overhead dropping a barrel bomb and then
set off some chlorine agent I know I
could do that and that's what I would do
if I was one of the Islamic terrorists
because they know there we know that
they've used chlorine in the past we
know they've done that in the past and
what is our Evan what a lot of the
evidence we've been shown for example
information from the white helmets who
do some good work rescuing people but
they didn't do anything to try and get
women and children out of areas where
they were being used as human shields in
the past Aleppo in places and they're
hardly neutral observers and similarly
the World Health Organization was using
doctors who are working in terrible
circumstances in that Reed
again hardly neutral observers so the
things I've seen don't it just rings
alarm bells I hope that they have got
this very clear evidence and if they
have our response I think was absolutely
right
but I am I am concerned and I think as
we move forward you know I wouldn't be
least surprised if there are another gas
attack and some would say what would
because it's in their interest to make
us respond and get more and more
involved so there you go now we'll get
to your video so by the way so this is
from the independent in the UK the
search for the truth in the rubble of
DOMA and one doctor's doubts over the
chemical attack this is Robert Fisk his
reporting and I'm gonna tell you who he
is in a second he says it was a short
walk to dr. raha Bonnie's from the door
of his subterranean clinic point 200 it
is called in the weird geology of this
partly underground city this is in DOMA
this is where they were supposed to have
this gas attack is a corridor leading
downhill where he showed me his lowly
hospital and the few beds where a small
girl was crying as nurses treated a cut
above her eye I was with my family in
the basement of my home 300 meters from
here on the night but all the doctors
know what happened there was a lot of
shelling by government forces and
aircraft were always over DOMA at night
but on this night there was wind and
huge dust clouds began to come into the
basements and cellars where people live
their living underground people began to
arrive here suffering from hypoxia
oxygen loss then someone at the door a
white helmet shouted gas and a panic
began people started throwing water over
each other yes the video was filmed here
it is genuine but what you see are
people suffering from hypoxia not gas
poisoning that's Robert Fisk and he's an
award-winning journalist and he also was
on this podcast so just so you know who
he is Robert Fisk is an English writer
and journalist he's been a Middle East
correspondent intermittently since 1976
since 1989 he has been a correspondent
for the independent primarily based in
Beirut he holds numerous British and
international journalism awards
including the Free Press award reporter
of the year seven times and the
he says about the gas attack so he's
saying that that video that we've all
seen of them war hosing down children
that's a real video but there was no gas
attack
that's what award was seven-time winner
just found out he's there okay so let's
go to your video I'm gonna go to your
video so this is a this is one of the
children that was in the video so now
watch this and I thought oh geez don't
so I read this to you what it says
this is Hasan diab on the 7th of April
in this video that's him there and
that's him now in this video
unidentified people are providing first
aid to the boy at Duma hospital co-op in
an IV doing is really Luger cuz with my
pal
puss can't I get a believer after the
chemical attack or at least pretending
to pouring water on him and shaking him
way to suit Lucas um you might still
please go to a cool wet and scared Hasan
doesn't realise what's going on usually
that would build oh my he was back home
in the evening and one should not worry
about the child's health if he was gas
attacked you don't think he'd be look
doing so well really real good but he's
not used to it what's the one chuckles
gazelle here's what the boy told us an
exclusive interviews you did are you
emotional gonna know we were in the
basement mama told me that we would have
nothing to eat today and we would eat we
heard people shouting on the street go
to the hospital we ran there and as soon
as I walked in they grabbed me and
started pouring water on me here's me in
the video we showed us on the video that
was shown by the world media he quickly
recognized himself you might still would
have seen it always smear on Bustos
non-si ban against my cheek our Margaret
Lee bikini shoot the boy's father Omar
says that the fighters did not explain
anything to the child they were just
shouting in the street now this is
corroborated by Robert Fisk when you
abuse Negroes the creature in the hole
itself is what is telling everybody to
come to the meeting point that is to
Muhammad I was in captivity Robin was
doing construction
when I found out that my family ran to
the hospital I nearly lost my mind I
took some time off and ran to the
hospital there were no chemical weapons
I was smoking on the street and did not
smell anything
I entered the hospital and saw my family
the fighters gave dates fruits and
biscuits and rice for taking part in
that film and every one was sent home my
kid was feeling fine Hasan feels fine
and probably doesn't understand what
he's getting so much attention so there
you go
so there you go that's one I'll show you
one more here we go a little boy plays
the harmonica
I am Dinah Yogesh beautiful Tom única
Duma soundly destroyed by the merciless
air strikes to the Russians and the
Syrian Air Force here is where the gas
attack supposedly to have been taking
place we ask people what they're
experiencing uh he says I felt a weird
smell after a couple of minutes the
smell was gone and after a glass of
water I felt better now we know we felt
and smelled nothing they say like most
of the people who talk to here only this
man said he does not want to be in front
of the camera yes there was clearly a
smell of chlorine he doesn't know I sort
of used it in close proximity the
hospital's a working doctor tells us
Saturday week ago we treated people with
breathing problems but chlorine or gas
poisoning no those are different
symptoms what is true and believable of
this we don't know that's up to the
experts to find out this can take up to
30 days so there you go there's that and
here's and here's the video and
everyone's been seeing right so that's
the video everybody's but seeing all
this these hosing the hose ops
by the way that it's just their wetting
them by sweater sweater and it's very
very cold right now in Syria so they're
just scaring kids and they're filming it
so what happened was the white helmet
they come in and they bring all these
people into the hospital all at once and
then they film it and they film it for a
few and then it's over and they all
leave and that's it they got their film
they got it and now they got their
airstrike please make sure you
subscribed it only takes a second make
sure you're subscribed and click that
bell so they give you a notice whenever
we drop a video and if you can become a
page when we give you hours of bonus
material every week our next live shows
June 30th in Portland Oregon and we do a
super silent chat every Saturday that's
our live stream you can ask us questions
that we answer back that Saturdays at 2
p.m. Pacific plus we run steam it we're
steaming it right now
you
