hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest with us on
the phone he is an Army veteran cancer
survivor and a union iron worker and now
he's running for Congress in Wisconsin's
first District against none other than
you guessed it Paul Ryan it's Randy
Brice's here the iron stache hey Randy
thanks for being here hey Jimmy how you
doing oh I'm doing okay I'm doing as
best you can under living under a
blanket of neoliberalism but listen now
now you and I come from the same kind of
background my blue-collar guy my dad was
a cop my grandpa was a cop I was a
bricklayer and so you're a you yeah so
you so we know what it's like right to
worry about having enough to eat and
having a roof over our heads and now so
I asked everybody here at the Jimmy Dore
show we talked about Donald Trump being
a symptom of a bigger problem
Donald Trump is a problem but he's a
symptom of a bigger one do you share
that sentiment I do and and the thing is
just like look who people like him are
helping all they're not I mean they're
helping continue this corporate based
economy that we have and totally
ignoring the worker based economy that
we need for for everybody to be
successful I mean and and as trades
people we understand that when work is
plentiful we you know we have a lot of
money in our pockets and we go out and
we can spend that money and and create a
demand for more products so you you
sound like you so you sound like an FDR
New Deal Democrat a demand economy you
put money in the pockets of workers they
spend it they create a demand in the
economy unlike Republicans who want to
give all the money to rich people and
then hopefully it will trickle down so
some of it will trickle so that's kind
of sounds like where you're coming from
right no absolutely and I mean we've
seen you know when Reagan first tried
this trickle-down experiment we saw that
it hasn't done anything for us the
income inequality is just blown up
people like us have less and less and
we're working twice as hard just to keep
what we had so so what would you say is
the bigger problem that gave us Trump
you know is it is a corporatism or
or what would you say gave us Trump I
would say overall overall corporatism
and we let we let our message get away
we we need to hold people that are
elected who want to hold the title
representative on our behalf we have to
hold them hold their feet closer to the
fire and and when things start going
away from us and and things are more
difficult for us just to make it it's
time to make a change and it seemed
almost like a perfect storm was what
brought Donald Trump into the White
House it was a lack of enthusiasm during
the last election and I think many
people thought that there's no way that
more people are going to vote for
somebody like him you know that's gonna
allow him to get into the White House
and and then to see in Congress in the
Senate just completely enable whatever
he's doing I think that's another thing
that just totally blows my mind I I
couldn't agree with you more now the
problem is now it seems to me I've read
about you I've seen you do interviews
and it seems to me you have your head on
straight and you know what the country
needs and that's why I think that's I
think that's why you back Bernie in the
primary correct right I did and that was
one of those situations where my workers
union as an international decided to
endorse Hillary and I remember I'll
never forget I was working on a job site
it was a high-rise in downtown Milwaukee
and it was my lunch break and I was
leave my lunch talking with the dog crew
and I got a phone call I didn't
recognize the number
answered it and it was somebody from the
Bernie Sanders campaign asking me if I'd
be interested in speaking at his rally
and and I hear I'm thinking you know my
first thought is what kind of
presidential candidate calls the working
stiff up on a job site and invites him
to come speak at the rally and then I
told him I said I can do it I just can't
mention that I'm a union iron worker
because I was the political coordinator
at the time so I agreed to do it and
then they further went on and asked
about their they're like are there any
job actions any picket lines going on in
the area because other Sanders would he
was interested in in walking that and
I'm thinking you know this that just
further
firm that I was I was picking the guy
that is gonna stand up for people like
me so I I happily went and spoke at his
rally I got called her the principal's
office
it's our union hall after the fact but
still it's it's a decision that I made
that I said I it was easy to go to sleep
at night and now that he endorsed our
campaign it's you know it's great to see
him and now I get to tell him the rest
of the story and it kind of it looks a
little bit of a smile on his face but
I'm very appreciative of the fact that
here you know a presidential candidate
that wants to walk a picket line if one
exists so now how is it now we heard
that from other Democratic presidents
right so this is what I really wanted to
ask you about because you're a union guy
and the Democrats have let the unions
down over and over in fact the labor
afl-cio tweeted this out labor movement
helped give Democrats full control of
federal government three times in the
last four decades all three times
Democrats failed to pass labor law
reforms so when Barack Obama says he's
gonna put on a comfortable shoe and help
those union workers and then when the
Wisconsin teachers are actually in
crisis he turns his back on them how do
you reconcile that with the Democrats
who want you want to get them to vote
for you knowing that the Democratic
Party hasn't done anything for unions in
four decades well I don't think any
state has been hit as hard as Wisconsin
have when it comes to union density and
since Scott Walker and these banana
Republicans took over they just
proceeded to carve up the state
gerrymander it make it more difficult
for people to vote when I go to bed and
and I remember I remember hearing
softball too comfortable you know
wearing comfortable shoes and I remember
being very enthusiastic the first time
President Obama ran and you know he
wanted to put forth that employee Free
Choice Act and I was like this is a
great this is something that I can
really support I was disappointed when
it didn't happen but and and the Fed I
think just the fact now that you've seen
a lot of candidates step up that our
representative good representatives of
the working class and people that have
you know struggled to to make ends meet
on a monthly basis and I just know my
perspective where I come from and where
I've stood and and how hard that my
friends and neighbors have have gone to
Madison and you know as we call the done
laps around the Capitol and and go to
testify on behalf of all this garbage
legislations
anti-worker legislation that are nothing
more than blatant political attacks on
us it's just knowing where I come from
my mindset that this is the only this is
the only way of life that I know is is
there struggling for people and standing
up for what's right and when I when I
win I plan on making sure that our
message is taken to DC so so when you
say our message you mean you're gonna
take it to the corporatists in both
parties or because that seems like
you're in a tough position right now
because the Democratic Party is backing
you because they really want to get rid
of Paul Ryan as everyone does and you
seem like you seem like a good candidate
so how do you negotiate that you know
where Barack Obama said exactly what
you're saying I'm gonna put on a
comfortable shoe I'll be there for you
and then he wasn't there for them how do
you get those people back to the
Democratic Party even though the
Democratic Party are the one who passed
NAFTA got in welfare repealed
glass-steagall you know every expanded
the surveillance state made the Bush tax
cuts per and so it seems like to me
those are the things that led us to
Trump and you're gonna have to fight
your part if you get elected you're
gonna have to fight your own party to
get rid of neoliberalism inside the
Democratic Party are you prepared to do
that yeah I am I very much down because
it's not right that you know any anybody
especially somebody that that bust over
and day in and day out feels like
they're not cared about that people
aren't listening to them so yeah so yeah
I am I am very willing to take it to
people regardless of party to make sure
that we're looked after because right
now people see them the Democrats cave
caving left and right
especially on daca and what
so these promises that the Democrats
well that's what I keep saying these
promises the Democrats make it's the
Democrats that seem to be letting
workers down letting their own
constituents
down they won't stand for everybody and
that's because they really stand for
their donors right now you're not taking
corporate money correct correct we're
and we stated very early on that we're
not accepting any money from the fossil
fuel industry and we're not taking any
money from Wall Street there's just a
report that came out today seventy four
percent of all of our contributions were
under $200 we were the the top campaign
Republican or Democrat with a the
highest percentage of small donor
dollars and that's what we're counting
on
okay so what so and it really hurt like
you I was enthusiastic voted for Barack
Obama and the the whole Wisconsin
teacher thing was really like a arrow in
my heart it was a gut punch and it was
hard for me to kind of so that's and
then after they they cheated Bernie I I
did I just couldn't bring myself to
support Democrats in general like I used
to anymore
you know and I started to try to I tried
it started to look towards third parties
now what made you decide to stay with
the Democrats instead of trying to go
third party is it jig is it strictly
pragmatic no the reason I did that was I
saw I thought Hillary is her best chance
to keep Donald Trump out of getting into
the White House and you know Bernie was
my first choice and and again for the
reasons that I mentioned you can't turn
down somebody that's gonna come walk on
a picket line but I was disappointed
that Hillary never made one trip to
Wisconsin for the before the general
election so it was it was kind of a
disappointment and I get your message
that Democrats have a lot of work to do
to gains people gain people's trust back
and I'm fully prepared to do that and
that's just based on my experience of
you know the past twenty years old of
working in a district and struggling and
going through winters where I mean you
know and you can appreciate that what
it's like to work in the wintertime
p-dog based on weather where you don't
get the 40 hours yeah and sometimes
you're lucky for getting a week a week's
worth of two hours off time yeah the
only goal the only thing worse than that
the only thing worse than working in the
winter is not working in the winter
right exactly exactly yeah so let me ask
you some questions about y'all you're a
veteran and when when you came back and
you got a job helping other homeless
veterans correct right and and so um
tell me so now how did that inform you
like you hear you are fighting for your
country you come back to your country
and your country is not taking care of
the people who they give lip service to
and send to fight these wars and how did
that make you feel right I mean you see
how somebody goes from hero to zero
within you know snap of fingers and it
broke my heart at the time it was sixty
percent of the homeless population was
made up of veterans and there's no way
that homeless and veterans should ever
be in the same sentence again but it was
our job to go identify them and we
pulled them off the streets and plugged
them into into places that had you know
like veterans resources though we have a
really good VA in Milwaukee and so after
we did that then it freed up resources
for the rest of the homeless population
but I'll never forget one working with
one day and he pulled up the back of his
shirt and it looked like somebody poured
acid on it and I was like what happened
to you and he said I'm a an atomic
Warrior and it took everything and
finally lost track of the man couldn't
you know he just dropped off the face of
the earth but our mission was to prove
that that happened as a result of an
atomic an atomic test and I had no idea
how to go about doing that but here's a
man that served his country honorably
and was you know turned away he's living
in a homeless shelter living under
bridges and it just it broke my heart
and it's knowing too that not only that
but if I didn't have that job there was
a possibility that I could be in their
position to that Here I am getting out
of the service and if I didn't have you
know a means to make a couple of dollars
I could be living underneath that same
bridge so it really hit me hard and it's
been something that I've been very
dedicated to ever since to make sure
that you know somebody's going
the best years of their life away to
volunteer in service to the country that
they're not forgotten about when they
come back so I when I did I was out in
San Diego doing some appearances down
there and I met some veterans who go to
high schools and colleges and they do an
anti recruiting is that so they go there
and tell them exactly what it's really
like
so which made sense to me why they would
do that right so they go fighting these
wars with that aren't we really don't
have an enemy we're creating more
enemies and then when they come home and
the country doesn't take care of them so
they go and tell kids hey this is what
it's really like and I was wondering it
are you are you for something like that
for guys doing things like that and
telling kids what it's really like and
what it's going to be like for them when
they come back well I definitely think
that people need to be told the truth
about what's going on and it's very
helpful to see both sides of the
situation I mean I know that the
recruiter should do a great job of
painting a rosy picture that not only
ever going to save the world by
enlisting but everything's going to be
made perfect as a result of it so I
think that's I mean as a father looking
at my son if he gets old enough I'm
gonna let him know what I went through
and I'm gonna let him know that there's
there's the other side to that when he
gets out you know there there are people
called homeless veterans and I'm gonna
make him think really long and hard I
didn't have that opportunity my dad was
you know he was just proud of me I mean
at the time though we didn't have a
Donald Trump in the White House and it
was it was seen as a as a fair honorable
thing to do we didn't there weren't all
the you know we didn't make up an excuse
to go into Iraq when I served it was
still during the Cold War towards the
end of the Cold War right when we went
as a country we looked forward to
knocking walls down instead of Vallejo
right so now are you so another theme we
talk about on the show here is that the
Democrats don't have a they're not
offering people anything whereas Trump
actually offered stuff to people even
though he was lying and he's not gonna
agree he's not gonna give those people
anything's not giving people good jobs
he's not giving them anything he said
and
he's looking out for the old darks like
they've always done so do you do you
have a jobs program now we always say
here you can end those Foreign Wars and
invest that money back here because you
know they all tried to make Bernie sound
like he was crazy saying that we can
have free State College for everybody
and then within a blink of the eye the
Democrats join the Republicans to give
eighty billion dollars more in Pentagon
spending and that could has gave us all
free college so when they say we can't
afford it they're just lying and how do
you feel about so are you gonna go fight
that Pentagon spending are you gonna try
and reduce it and invest that money back
here at home absolutely it's something
that we need to show our priorities and
and we need to reinvest in the United
States I mean our infrastructure is just
falling apart and I I know for a fact
when I drive under bridges looking up
and seeing the rebar you know the rust
coming down the crack concrete or seeing
a bridge collapse in Minnesota and just
that just a condition that things are in
I mean our families drive over these
things every single day and it's just as
a country it shows us where our
priorities aren't and and right now it
seems like the United States government
is is doing a lot more you know with
making more enemies than we are helping
people that have traditionally been
allied with us you know and that's
whether it comes up to play for trying
to keep a North Korea in check or you
know or honor an agreement that we
signed with Iran that has been
successful in keeping them from from
attaining a nuke right so it's about
keeping our word it's about being a good
citizen and instrument where our
priorities are I bet if we didn't you
know drop as many bombs on other
countries we wouldn't have to watch our
backs and lies so that's so you think so
I could count on you Randy to go and
actually speak for the people because
the people don't want more Pentagon
spending and if we spent that much go
ahead absolutely and and that's one of
the reason they've been proud to be
endorsed by barbara Lee who offered that
amendment that Paul Ryan took away in
the middle of literally in the middle of
the night that gave Donald Trump a blank
check to issue war and and also we've
been endorsed
Center for a livable world which is is
very involved in in making the place
much more livable by their name so do
you do you back Tulsi gabbard's bill to
stop funding terrorists now yeah that's
fantastic Randy I got to tell you you're
surprising me with a lot of these
answers I haven't heard a democratic but
you know you're very straight talker
right now this is surprising I've gotten
nothing but mealy-mouthed answers to
these questions when I ask other people
now the Democrats have a look tell your
for single-payer correct absolutely okay
and you don't take money from fossil
fuels so do you oppose the pipelines
there underneath the country go okay
that's this is do and here's and here's
the thing is that ten workers local aid
we built the book the textbook on how do
we wrecked wind turbines and I mean
right now in in California iron workers
are leading the leading the country in
installing solar panels but the thing
with the with the wind turbines is one
Scott Walker came into an office he put
he put a halt to that you know but but
our that textbook is still being used to
erect wind turbines throughout the
country and I mean those are the kind of
jobs that we look at i I had an
opportunity when I was laid off to go
