hi everybody welcome to part two of our
interview with Jesse Ventura now I
filled in for you I was grateful that
you offered to fill in for your show
while you're on vacation now your show
is on Rt now there's a there's a Russia
hysteria take that heads taken over the
country and my theory my theory is it's
just that the establishment didn't want
to examine the system that brought us
Donald Trump so it was easier to blame
another country when everybody knows the
people manipulating our elections are
right here in the United States we have
a completely captured government
captured by corporations meaning Wall
Street the military-industrial complex
big pharma health care and fossil fuel
companies those are the people
manipulating our elections now what do
you make of all this Russia can we take
a look back look what's gotten lost in
the shuffle of all of this the most
important thing of this whole thing got
lost in the shuffle here and you don't
hear a word about it and that was this
those documents got leaked out of the
demos idli will hijacked out of the
Democratic convention or the Democratic
Party yes they showed that the thing was
fixed
yes Bernie Sanders didn't have a chance
that Hillary was going to get it no
matter what then the whole thing was a
fraud and a fix and that's been lost
nobody talks about there was a I came
out and said if the Russians exposed
that we should thank them I couldn't
agree with you more because that's the
real news story that's been lost in all
this was the fact that the democratic
election process was completely fixed
Hillary and her money was behind the
whole Democratic Party and she had them
in the bag it did not matter what Bernie
did it didn't matter how many votes
Bernie got Hillary was getting the
nomination and they want us to believe
today they're trying to sell us that if
Russia hadn't interfered Hillary be the
president now I'm with you 100% I try to
remind people that this is all a
distraction from the biggest election
fraud in the history of our country
which is a Democrat
primary in 2016 I mean they have fraud
built into their process Jesse you know
super-delegates that sounds like oh
absolutely we'll look at look at my home
state Jimmy's our home my home state of
Minnesota yes
voters it went overwhelmingly for Bernie
Sanders but it ended up a walk you know
why the two super delegates were were
Franklin and Klobuchar they both voted
for Hillary and that washed away the the
People's Choice which was Bernie Sanders
which which one al franken when he went
away I did not shed a tear for that very
reason he is willing to go against the
will of his people very happily to prop
up a war mongering oligarch over someone
who was favored by the people so that
tells you all you need to know about Al
Franken did you know Al Franken
personally you're both from Minnesota
yeah well I knew him and my biggest
criticism was ow
I liked there because as always showed
me a great deal of respect which I
appreciate that as an independent but my
problem with our frankenhole candidacy
was he hadn't lived in Minnesota for
probably 15 or 20 years right and then
he moves back here it's an apartment
back here and runs for Senate right
we'll excuse me you know shouldn't you
be you know I've lived in Minnesota my
entire life basically other than a few
forays out in the pro wrestling world in
the territory days where you had to go
live in New York and you had to go live
in a couple other places but I've had
this maintained a Minnesota driver's
license and my home residence has always
been Minnesota Al Franken hadn't lived
in Minnesota for 20 to 25 years and then
all of a sudden he comes back and
becomes the senator I I was you know I
had problems with his his bend towards
neoliberalism and his support of the
system I was hoping he would be like a
real comedian an outsider who was going
to shake up the system and it turned out
that was that was not his plan his plan
was to be you got to learn something
anyone that joins the two parties is not
going to shake up the system so let me
ask you that's right
Trump Donald Trump is not an independent
he's a Republican he joined the
Republican Party that's why I would
never ever consider endorsing him in any
way shape or form because once you join
the party you're part of the Butte out
of that gang you're part of that
machinery I'll plug another one of my
books shamelessly I read the book
Democrats and Republicans no more dings
and government and I actually apologized
at the start of the book to the Crips
and the Bloods for using their name in
that manner that's fun so what do you
think about I've been saying pretty much
the same thing you've been saying Jesse
is that how much longer is it gonna take
for people to realize that the
Democratic Party not only does not
represent progressives but they actively
work against them and someone like
Bernie Sanders who keeps what I call
sheep dogging progressives into a party
he's not even a member of why do you
think that's happening well because
Bernie really is a Democrat he masks
himself as an independent so that he can
have an eye by his name but Bernie's
actually he's a Democrat he ran within
the Democratic primary and I knew from
the get-go that Bernie's whole campaign
was going to end up a joke and a fraud
in a way because early on he came to
Minneapolis and I went down to meet with
him and I was actually considering
endorsing him well first of all he
wouldn't give me the time of day he met
with me for 30 seconds to a minute in
the hallway but I was able to ask him a
question early on I said Bernie senator
if you lose the Democratic primary will
you support another independent or will
you run yourself as an independent he
looked me right in the eye and this was
way before and he said oh no absolutely
not I will endorse the Democratic
nominee yeah that's so did I so when
Bernie when I walked out of the building
that day knowing I said I'm not
embarrassing Bernie Sanders because
Bernie's going to get raced out of this
thing and then he's going to tell all
his
the votes in Hillary and I you know
that's what I believe won the election
for Trump I think that many at Bernie's
people sat it out well the statistics
show I certainly didn't vote for the
Democrat I was a Bernie supporter who
who ended up supporting the Green Party
I voted for Jill Stein because I could
not support warmongers anymore that's
just the that's just how I am and so I
voted my conscience you know people
forget that Hillary Clinton right before
the election she tweeted out vote your
conscience now of course she didn't mean
that that was another lie what she meant
was if you're a Republican don't vote
for Trump that's what she meant by that
right see to me Hillary enemy I could
never support her because she admitted
the most important vote she ever took as
a u.s. senator
she got wrong an Iraq war Iraq war well
then why would I want to his president
when the most important vote by own
admission that she did as a senator was
wrong it's not me that's the most
important vote you ever didn't you got
it wrong and now you think I should
elect you president are you kidding me
so you know that that ended it for
Hillary you know there was no way I was
going to support her at all
because as I said she got the most
important vote wrong and admitted it and
so what do you make of people who blame
people like you for Donald Trump because
you wouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton
what do you say to those people well
it's simple you vote for the person you
most want to be president like in like
look ah and the Democrats are great at
that they're great at
they never accept blame that Hillary ran
a lousy campaign she took for granted
thought she'd win for sure and she got
knocked on her ass and that they blamed
something else so they blame the
Russians
well back in 2000 who did they blame for
when the same scenario took place al
girl beat George W Bush in the popular
vote but George W Bush won the electoral
college
who did they blame my friend Ralph Nader
then it was Ralph's felt because all the
people that voted for Ralph should have
voted for Al Gore soon and see that's
the rate Democrats think and the point
at the point of all of this is when you
go to vote
you often wasted your vote if you vote
your conscience and you vote for the
person you most want to be President so
yeah I agree with you I've been taking
heat from everyone B and literally
people blame me and I'm like couldn't
you find someone with less money and
power than me to blame this election on
and the proof that they don't even
believe that garbage themselves when
people say that it was your fall or my
fall or Susan Sarandon or Jill Stein's
fault if they really thought that we had
that kind of power they would try to
reach out to us and they would try to
woo us which is what politicians are
supposed to do politicians that they're
incumbent upon them to get people to
vote for you and if people don't vote
for you it's your fault you don't blame
the voters which is exactly what the
Democrats and their minions are doing
that would be like when if the Chicago
Bears lost a football game and they
blame the fans yeah exactly exactly and
you know it but that's the way that's
the way it works they the Dems are good
at that they never accept the long short
selves they never accept the fact that
they got B again because they really
don't stand for that and and truthfully
these two parties they stand together on
the things that are most important to
them and to the world
you notice best parties here's the thing
that angers me Jimmy you just thought
Donald Trump shoot rockets in Syria
again yeah now it happened a year ago
when I left I thought I was reliving my
days of all my life ever again I come
back and I hear the same thing I heard a
year ago now here's my question Syria is
not a terrorist group Syria is a
legitimate country with a legitimate
government now it just so happens we
don't seem to like them but what gives
us the right to pump weapons of real
rockets into Syria
we found a declaration of war nothing
gives us that right in fact it's an
illegal war Act is what we're doing
exactly we are breaking the law Donald
Trump should be arrested right for doing
that for violating the very thing he
took an oath when you're in the military
you take an oath to protect the
Constitution and Bill of Rights from all
enemies foreign and domestic
well then I took an oath to defend
myself against Donald Trump because
Donald Trump is violating the
Constitution by going to war without
Congress's permission and I don't give a
crap about these lawyers opinions that
they bring in who try to whitewash it
around and look for openings in it it's
very clear you don't go to war unless
Congress votes for our founding fathers
were very clear on that I'll give you
another little tip that people forget
about 9/11 Dick Cheney had no right to
be in charge in that little bunker in
9/11 the Constitution they violated it
there the Constitution's very clear it
says unless the president is dead or
incapacitated the president was on Air
Force One which is fully equipped to run
the country
why was Cheney calling the shots which
was completely protocol illegal yeah
that vice president has never ever been
given that power before well Jesse
there's yeah I agree with you that was
correct you know there's so many
unanswered questions and we're never
going to get answers to any of those
questions because you can't question
anything even the investigation by the
9/11 Commission you've got to keep
asking them over with yet they just
they're just discredit you they go oh
you're some kind of conspiracy nut right
even though the real conspiracy was the
Iraq are you powder rock Jimmy here's
how you counter that I smile at them and
say yes I do have a higher IQ because
England did a huge study and found out
conspiracy theorists are generally more
intelligent well well
but I agree I agree with you I think
that the big conspiracy that no one
talks about are these Wars right so the
first Gulf War was a conspiracy that was
also based on a pack of lies
the second Gulf War also could wreak war
also a conspiracy to base on a pack of
lies Libya Syria these are all
conspiracies by our government and yet
when you try to call them out and
investigate them
they smear you with that term I just got
CNN just referred to me as a conspiracy
theorist who peddles conspiracies such
as the Syrian gas attacks or hoaxes well
anybody who does any investigation into
those knows that those were at best
false flags here's the deal on the
Middle East and it's really a simplified
all the countries were attacking be it
Iran
maybe Syria we've already attacked Libya
we destroyed and Iraq we destroyed
here's why every one of those countries
was going to go off the dollar yes that
you've got we are going to rule at the
behest of the banking community the
bankers the big-money men and they don't
want these countries going off the
dollar and if you think that's just
coincidence that every single country
that we've waged war on in the last 20
years has been because they've
threatened to get rid of the dollar and
so this people don't realize how much
the petrol dollar actually plays into
this right now we have a deal since we
went off the gold standard under Nixon
that Saudi Arabia whenever they sold oil
around the world whoever was buying it
from them they would have to first
convert their currency into US dollars
and then buy the oil and then Saudi
Arabia would take some of those dollars
and buy our bonds back here in the
United States and that's how they're
propping up our economy so if we don't
go to war over the petro dollar our
economy will collapse that's the theory
right yeah and that's why if you looked
at every every country we're attacking
other countries that are threatening to
leave the dollar so Qaddafi was
threatening to get a an African currency
right he was going to start he was going
to start monetizing out the oil on the
dinar correct I think so yeah yeah I'm
not an expert I just know y'all cut off
he was going to go there Africa whose it
was going to Europe they were going to
do the Euro uh-huh one of them and but
they were all going to get away from the
dollar and you notice that the minute
they start threatening to be that the
United States finds an excuse to attack
them militarily and destroy their
country and in hopes of putting in a
pro-american dollar government our next
live Jimmy Dore show is July 1st in
Portland Oregon there's a link for
tickets for all of our live shows right
there and if you can remember please
take a moment to make sure you're
subscribed to the show it only takes a
second you probably think you're
subscribed but you probably aren't just
make sure you subscribe click that bell
so they send you a notice when we drop a
video otherwise they won't tell you and
if you become a Premium Member or a
patreon we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we do a live
chat every Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific
time where you can ask us questions and
we'll answer them plus we're on steam it
we're steaming it right now
you
