hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with a special guest the
founder of the draft bernie party is now
has a big announcement today it's Nick
Branagh hi Nick how are you
hey Jimmy great to join you again
so I understand you have an announcement
to make you've been working with a lot
of different people on the Left and you
have an announcement today so please lay
it on us that's right so you know back
when we started draft Bernie Oh
very few people we're talking about
creating a new party I mean the talk was
all about
oh let's reform the Democratic Party you
know in the well in the past nine months
that we have entirely flipped the script
now the talk out there among
progressives is you know excited talk
about starting a new party and we have
built up support to the point where like
the majority of Americans majority
progressives are now clamoring for a new
party and we're it and that so that has
opened up the possibility for our next
stage you know that has laid the
groundwork for our next stage which is
I'm happy to announce that we are
launching the movement for a People's
Party in order to bring progressive
organizations together create a
coalition of progressive groups
progressive unions labor community
organizations working people and
everyone else who really has a stake in
building something new because that kind
of coalition is what it's gonna take to
bring to build a really nationally
viable People's Party that can take down
an establishment party now what now tell
me again the name of this coalition it's
a movement for a People's Party is is
what we are morphing into that is what
we're launching and and that's our
coalition effort and the coalition
itself will be something that we we
build with with many different
organizations you know as we speak to
all these people who are like coming to
the conclusion that there is no future
for progressives inside the Democratic
Party Jimmy you covered recently the way
that unions are taking an interest
you know
yes that's an amazing development the
afl-cio recently had its conference not
only did they not not only did they not
invite Democrats to the conference's
that you normally have traditionally
have this year but they also approved a
resolution to break with the lesser of
two evils yes man they also had a
meeting there was a meeting about 50
union leaders and delegates that got
together to discuss the idea of forming
a Labor Party and God is it time for
that so yes we covered that on this show
Nick did you see that covered anywhere
else no it's amazing it went completely
under the radar no talk about it you
know what else I didn't see covered
there's a gallop does an annual poll of
the number of people in the United
States who are calling for a third party
want one it has reached a record high
this year sixty-one percent almost two
to one Americans are calling for a new
party most incredibly Jimmy and what
makes me laugh the most is that now
most Democrats people who call
themselves Democrats are also calling
for a third party they say quote the
Democratic Party does such a poor job
that a major third party is needed I
mean it has reached kind of like a
laughable proportion well it did it's
especially after the Donna Brazile
revelations it just goes to show you
that what shah massoud want has said on
this show and what i be repeating is
absolutely true that they'd rather lose
her a Republican than win the wooden
with a progressive so there's there
really is a graveyard inside the
Democratic Party for progressive
movements but so tell me all the people
that you've been talking to on the Left
that you are gonna get to coalesce
around is it is the idea to get
everybody to coalesce around a platform
is that you know cuz you've been talking
to the greens and the Democratic
socialists and the Socialists and so
tell me what that those conversations
are like and what is the plan so the
idea is to be able to get all of these
organizations together that you know
want a progressive future and I'm
particularly organizations that have
decided that what
needs to be is it needs to take the
shape of a new party it needs to take
the because the Democrats and
Republicans are not going to provide
that alternative and so the idea is
speaking to those different
organizations and seeing how is it that
we can you know combine our resources
not necessarily be merged and to become
the same group you know this is
obviously something that's very
sensitive when you're dealing with with
organizations who you know each has
their own identity they have their own
way of doing things but how is it that
we can come to the table and really
collaborate to do this and one of the
things that surprised me most
after the convergence conference Jimmy
was that one of the most successful
strategies for progressives around the
world because this revolution against
neoliberalism is is really global and
one of the most successful strategies
for really challenging even replacing
establishment parties is forming
coalition's of progressive groups that
when they come together what we found in
in examples like podemos in Spain and
Sur ISA in Greece and Ventimiglia and
Chile knew new parties that have formed
also parties that have formed in France
is that when they come together in these
kinds of coalition's they add up to more
than the sum of their parts and I think
that's a lot of what's missing in the
progressive independent left now Jimmy
is we have the numbers you know the
majority of the country is with us in
terms of the issues and in terms of
wanting a new party but we're too
diffuse
we're too spread out we're too atomized
and so we really need to come together
converge create this center of gravity
they can begin to attract more and more
and more people and take off as the
progressive alternative that people are
asking for so this seems like an obvious
idea it also when you think about it it
seems hard a lot harder than it appears
on its face but you because you were
saying that you know you have all these
different progressive groups like the
greens and the Democratic socialists so
you're not saying that they're gonna
dissolve and create a new group that's
now what you're saying you're saying
that they're gonna keep their individual
parties and their individual identities
but you're gonna coalesce around ideas
right progressive ideas and then we're
gonna what what so would you then slate
candidates or what how would that work
so yeah so the ideas that create kind of
a coalition that can determine well you
know how is it that we we can
collaborate to best advance independent
politics and and we personally hope that
that results in a nationally viable
party because that is the ultimate goal
you know that's what we need we can do a
lot of we can do a lot of other things
you know in in the meantime like you
know we could we could make endorsements
of particular independent candidates as
a group but what we really need is a
tremendous shake-up in in this country's
politics and that kind of thing is only
gonna be achieved if we can come
together to in a coalition that is
perfer to of a new party and and that's
the kind of thing that that would really
like to do okay so have you talked to
anybody from labor yet have you been
speaking with anybody from the afl-cio
or a CIU or add Randi Weingarten or
anybody like that we've spoken to a
number of people who who work with
unions yes and right now we're kind of
fielding interest is it you know who is
who is it that that will be willing to
come to the table who is it that's
interested in this kind of thing you
know those folks who met for example in
in that meeting that the afl-cio had of
Union delegates to discuss the idea of
creating a Labor Party you know it's
like so who's interested there you know
who's interested elsewhere people
everywhere across the country are
interested but there really isn't some
kind of big there is some major
converging force and so that's what
there needs to be you know that's the
idea of it speak to as many of these
people as possible so this so would this
be and I hope I'm not being too
ridiculous pregnant but it would this be
like an umbrella organization so you
could say you know I'm I'm a laborer
I'm with the Labor Party but we're all
under this
odd one a big umbrella or how would that
work the new party would hopefully be an
umbrella organization yeah as leuco as
would the coalition not that the
coalition would dictate to the
individual groups but the individual
groups could come together you know
because again that's difficult it's
always difficult you know when you're
dealing with groups that exist and have
their own way of operating and doing
things and so rather having the groups
come into a coalition that is something
new formed by the act of them coming
together that can then launch a new
party okay and so we have nationally
viable and so now what a progressives do
who watch this show who want to make
sure that we have a viable third party
that is progressive what could they do
to help
so as in our draft Bernie phase of
organizing and building up support for a
new party what we have been doing is
simply we've had thousands of people
thousands of volunteers across the
country and on social media
who every day are having conversations
they're having conversations with other
organizations they're going to the
meetings of other of local chapters of
DSA or Revolution and they're speaking
to those organizations speaking to
community organizations they're
participating in volunteering and for
other organizations as well and and in
that process they're you know they're
having conversations with them and
talking to them about how you know we
can have the best platform in the world
but it doesn't mean anything unless we
can implement it so we really need to
think about these strategic questions
about how is it that progressives come
to power because in in our view you know
we have succeeded in spades in bringing
the country over to a progressive way of
thinking but at the same time this kind
of dilemma has emerged between building
support for progressive policies and
taking power electorally and so the more
progressive that Americans have become
the more they've actually seen through
the democratic party realize that it
isn't progressive and then left the
Democratic Party or refused to turn out
in elections for it which
leads to this you know this this
conundrum whereby the more progressive
the country gets the more people leave
the existing Left Party being the
Democrats you know and so the way to do
that the way to break that cycle that
vicious cycle which is what brought
Trump to power is to create this new
party okay well as there will there be a
link as there a website is it your old
website how do people connect yeah
absolutely we've got a new website it is
for a People's Party dot org and so you
know that is where you can plug in you
can join the folks who are who are
speaking to other organizations and
other progressives and their communities
you know who are we're on social media
talking to people you know every day
come and join us you know we'd love to
have you with us this is how the
revolution builds you know from the
grassroots up and I think that this
process of creating a new party that
genuinely represents progressives
genuinely represents working people
genuinely represents the majority of
Americans that is the political
revolution Jimmy I agree there's no
doubt about it we need a party that
represents workers who needed a party
that represents regular people and not
just suburbanite one-percenters so we
need a party for the 99% and I think
like you said people know it and so
you're the one spearheading this
movement and if it can be done we're
gonna see if we can do it so I think
it's fantastic we'll put a link
underneath to your website and you are
starting the conversation right so this
isn't an end or a beginning this is this
is right now you're continuing what you
started with draft Bernie and now you're
opening it up to everybody on the left
and everybody's it's amazing Nick I it
somehow underreported the union's coming
together and demanding a third Labor
Party the fact that that didn't get any
press anywhere especially at you know
MSNBC with a guy like Chris Hayes II
used to be the union reporter he didn't
even mention it so it is amazing there's
a movement happening and the
establishment does not want to recognize
it and so but it's happening so just
like they didn't want to recognize
Bernie Sanders it was half
right and now he found out that he would
have been president if the establishment
didn't cheat him so instead of trying to
reform that stupid establishment that's
broken obviously and doesn't want
anything to do with us we're gonna try
and start another establishment that's
actually Pro worker and pro progressive
that's the whole idea here these two
revelations Jimmy like back to back bit
of really you know rocked progressives
of the DNC purge and and then Donna
Brazil's article you know revealing that
the that that the DNC acted as more of a
subsidiary of the Clinton campaign than
anything else who completely driven by
the Clinton campaigns decisions you know
and so all of those things whether it
was the debate scheduled or you know
when they took our access of a van all
those things you know all of a sudden
becomes so much more clear they were
driven from the Clinton campaign and in
reality the result was determined you
know before a single vote was cast it
and and so I think that when you combine
the the just outrageous rigging that
happened in the 2016 primary with the
fact that two weeks before that the DNC
purged Bernie members from from its
National Committee purged progressives
and they also they placed zero
progressives on the DNC Rules Committee
the DNC Rules Committee is the committee
that's responsible for creating the
rules that are gonna drive the primary
in 2020 in 2018 and so hold on a minute
we just found out that they cheated us
to such an astonishing degree and they
have given progressives no reforms in
the primaries and ensured that we have
no representation in designing the
primary processor recreating it
whatsoever they affirmed in court that
the bet the primaries are that they are
in fact the private club a private
corporation and that they have no
accountability to their members no
responsibility for impartiality so why
in the world you know how can any
progressive justify you know all of
people-people bled and they sacrificed
for Bernie in 2016 Jimmy you know they
worked it like you know I worked on the
campaign and I got paid for it but I
know people out there who they were who
are now with us a draft Bernie and they
gave their heart and soul to that
campaign you know and it turns out that
that campaign was determined from the
beginning and I cannot see how any
progressive can justify working inside
that party again you know in another
presidential election just unknowing
knowing that that same dynamic you know
that nothing has been done to correct it
I agree that's why I'm urging Bernie
Sanders to make a big bowl you you want
to reform the Democratic Party Bernie
the best way to do it is to form a
credible third party challenge to that
and that that would actually represent
workers and would actually represent
progressives so that would that would be
the only thing that's gonna change them
and we might have to get rid of them so
the idea that Bernie Sanders is still
trying to sheepdog people into the
Democratic Party is a big mistake and
it's just a sad to see that even
somebody who's right on the issues can
be a hundred percent wrong on strategy
and was that where I was a bad strategy
to try to prop up Hillary Clinton
afterwards because we got Donald Trump
anyway and you know at least he could
have made a big difference last time
Moran is the Green Party he could have
gotten 15-20 percent the vote and
completely changed politics in our
country going forward forever but
instead he didn't and now people still
want change people voted for change in
2008 they voted for change in 2010
twelve fourteen and they did it again
sixteen guess what they just did it last
night again or in Tuesday they did it
again do you are you afraid that the
establishment because the Virginia
elected yet another democratic
established that they've always had
Democratic governors in Virginia and all
of a sudden everybody's making a big
deal out of it what happened in Virginia
Nick and what happened on Tuesday was
the Republicans made the same mistake
the Democrats made in 2016 was they ran
on social issues that Gillespie ran on
kneeling at the football games he ran on
Confederate statues and bathroom breaks
and of the transgender
so that was his big mistake because they
can't they and you should have an
economic message which the Republicans
don't have because they have a record
the only reason why Trump's populism
worked it only worked once because he
didn't have a record right so he can
come in and say all this stuff and he
could be a Republican populist which is
Ron flic own points out is a
contradiction in terms there's that's no
such thing right so but that's because
Trump was actually an outsider and he
really wasn't a member of the Republican
Party so if you look at it like that
look what happened in France they just
invented two new two new parties because
people got sick of the old ones and then
here in the United States we had two
people who aren't members of those
parties oh look well Trump took over his
party and Bernie would have if he wasn't
cheated out of it so that's where we are
right now people are done with these two
parties it is time to move and Bernie
seems like now once he got the country
to this point to move away from those
two party structures the thing he's
railed against his whole career now he's
using all this power to prop up that
goddamn duopoly which makes absolutely
no sense which just goes to show you
it's and you could be right on the
issues and wrong on strategy which
bernie is a thousand percent right now
the the founder of the Working Families
Party I think is Dan Cantor who said
this he you know he puts it best you
don't take the Democratic Party over it
takes you over and in in Russia party
take you over you know so the only thing
that I think we've seen in the past year
we've had a year now to reflect on you
know this effort to take over the
Democratic Party millions of dollars
spent you know endless numbers of
petitions phone calls sit-ins
volunteering you know just an incredible
expenditure and what what do we have to
show for it you know what do we have to
