hi buddy what with Jimmy Dorsey oh I'm
here at the miserable liberal a trompe
l'oeil cone hi and you know this right
you know this picture that's the famous
picture from that's what we did in Abu
Ghraib we want to bring freedom and then
we descended up torturing people so we
just we I don't know if remember well
one of the justifications George Bush
used for going into Iraq with military
force and killing people was because
they were the way they treated their
prisoners that they had torture rooms
and rape rooms and they we wanted to
replace them with Christian torture
rooms and Christian tech groups and
again that's one of those things that is
it's not hilarious it is fragile area
fragile areas it's tragic tragic and
hilarious oh by the way they've this
this guy exists he's still alive they
did a video middle east news did a video
on him and here it is
[Music]
I wanna meet Allah Shah Airport on Hanah
body Hadi Shepherd Bobby Susanna Johnny
stuff ammonia I'm Agatha software car
about turbo will a year
[Music]
amethyst avocado by the answer they
might be here
there no call it has kilometer are a
family
[Music]
hi asar machina semak's water wall of
this world and thickest aerosol Mikasa
the part of him economy has suffered a
semi suburban and as Eve tada gerrae he
you see felt awfully he was a small
amount she knows there's something about
that Muslim religion though that makes
you worse somehow Muslims are worse
their religion makes them do worse
things and rape children
cuz we're that's the whole thing you
listen to Sam Harris and he sounds just
like Dick Cheney when they say we're
better than them their culture is a
lower culture we're a bigger culture
were higher culture we're more evolved
that they haven't gone through a
reformation all that stuff yet somehow
here we are raping children murdering
people by the hundreds of thousands for
money and somehow we're still better
than them
isn't that to me that is um that's very
revealing of people who think that
because that's there they're just
they're exactly like the thing they
claim to hate their tribalists who don't
have clear thinking and you know anybody
wanting are still afraid of Muslim
terrorism if you were anywhere else in
the world you would be afraid of the
United States and our Liberty bring in
let's get back a little bit more of this
[Music]
unimaginable hot
yeah I mean I'm hot or is it then
yeah it's a hotness er now Padma tacitly
[Music]
Yan Yan in the huddle on the hammam
Ollie mothers would be Bonnie and
belharra La Silla Ferran even the coatis
wah Lao ma Renaud NFC over the city here
in digital organ dance Middle East I put
that together
so um and now the good thing is that
Barack Obama prosecuted all those people
who did that
and so it'll never happen again huh I'm
sorry he didn't prosecute anybody none
of them brocco all Barack Obama did was
say we tortured some folks we tortured
some folks it's clear from the IG report
that some very poor judgment was shown
in terms of how that was handled keep in
mind though that John Brennan was the
person who called for the IG report and
he's already stood up a task force to
make sure that lessons are learned and
mistakes are resolved so now he's
talking about the torture and he's
saying lessons are learned and we can't
learn any lessons from the torture
report why can't we learn any lessons
from the torture report because that guy
sealed it so no one can read it so we
can't learn what they did how they did
it why and who so we can't learn how to
make sure it doesn't happen again we
can't learn how to prevent it
what are the warning signs what we
should do who still who stood up against
it how we could better make sure that
this doesn't happen
none of that we can't figure that out
because Neal the
tool and buffoon of a President Barack
Obama decided to a abdicate his moral
responsibility and lawful responsibility
you're not it's not up to you whether
you prosecute war crimes or not you're
certain you are legally compelled to and
if he didn't on purpose
that's a dereliction of duty that's a
sin of omission and he didn't do it and
he didn't do it on purpose so when you
don't prosecute a crime two reasons why
you prosecute a crime one make sure you
punish the person who did it to
deterrent make sure it doesn't happen
again so people are afraid to commit
that crime because they see the
punishment you gave that person so when
you don't prosecute a crime that
guarantees it will happen in the future
because there's no punishment you can
keep doing it right now
the head of our goddamn CIA is a
torturer the head of our spy agency so
what he did was ensure it would keep
happening and happen again in the future
that's what he did let's just know what
else he has to say to the larger point
of the RDI report itself even before I
came into office I was very clear that
in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 we
did some things that were wrong we did a
whole lot of things that were right yeah
like what were those he never said we
were get a whole lot of things that were
right really like stay in Afghanistan
for 17 years invade Iraq kill hundreds
of thousands of people innocently who
were innocent then go on and repeat that
Libya then keep doing that in Syria then
start arming like al-qaeda and Isis and
Syria are those the right things we did
look at that face that's a guy covering
up torture and war crimes that's what
that that's what that looks like
what does Barack Obama look like what
he's covering up torture war nonplussed
he's mmm does that the right term 9+10
I'm eating let me hear him say it here
Co here comes
but we tortured some folks we tortured
some folks we tortured some folks some
fool you know we're you know we're all
getting together as folks come on in
folks now this isn't gonna be pleasant
come on folks we're gonna have to stick
a crowd come on folks I'm gonna anal put
a stick a tube up your ass are you a
teenage folk you're a kid folk we're
gonna rape you and if then when they
rape your mother I also have a kill lift
we're gonna kill some folk kids with a
drone gonna kill him that's him
so uh he had a lot of responsibility
which he abdicated and didn't do it and
he's making sure that more that happens
he made sure this is he made sure that
we have a torturous ahead of our CIA
right now right now thanks Obama
remember when that used to be a thing
hashtag thanks Obama people were blaming
everything on Barack Obama
turns out he's culpable for a lot of
stuff turns out the reason why we have
Donald Trump is because people got sick
of his no results people got sick of
that guy not doing a goddamn thing
kicking 5.1 million families out of
their homes they got sick of that
opening up the Arctic to drilling twice
they got sick of that letting uh lettin
paramilitary people blow the arms off of
people water protectors up and standing
Rock they got tired of that they were
the Christ to crash the system and now
we got Donald Trump and he takes no
responsibility in fact he'll go around
the world and wag his finger at American
voters for not voting even though that's
a workday when you're supposed to vote
and they didn't give them anything to
vote for hey why don't you guys come out
and vote get punched by one hand if you
don't vote get punched by two hands
anything on this well again and for the
Obama thing it's like that age-old
saying when you're neutral when you
don't do anything about torture when you
let both sides play out at Apple when
you're neutral you're siding with the
oppressor you know and the other thing
you know you see this video that is like
very moving and was at times even
painful to watch not a
Bhama right meanwhile CNN has another
report on george w bush's dance man
George Bush's dance moves look watch
former president george w bush bust a
move on the dance floor
with some folks with some folks that
were tortured he suffer every uh he
doesn't moonwalk for every iraqi
casualty yeah so when he's dancing on
the floor he does what they call the
george w bush what that is is he'll go
up to a couple who are minding their own
business and dancing and then just
invade them in the middle just split
them in two so that's the consequence of
having barack obama abdicate his
responsibilities people came in when he
came into office people wanted to see
bankers banks split up and bankers
thrown in jail they wanted to see bush
war criminals prosecuted and thrown in
jail they wanted to see an economic plan
a new deal that actually helped people
and guess what we sits off none of that
they wanted to see police reform we
didn't see nothing we didn't see a
drawing down to the we wanted to get out
of the middle east want to get out of
those wars he put us in five more wars
barack obama and here they are so that's
what that's what that leads to uh and
now guess what and now guess who's the
new Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is a
radical ideologue who embraced the use
of torture so now he gets to be the
Secretary of State who embraces torture
because Barack Obama didn't put anybody
in jail who ordered and carried out
torture so now we have a whole
government full of torturers and I
remember people saying when they were
expanding the surveillance state getting
rid of KBS Corpus mean Barack Obama and
the Democrats were doing that people
said yeah you're you're okay with it now
taking away people's rights cuz Barack
Obama's president but who's gonna know
what the next guy what kind of what if
the
as a maniac so Barack Obama expanded the
surveillance state took away habeas
corpus gave the CIA the ability to do
propaganda on our own citizens and then
handed it off to Pompeo and Trump that's
what a Barack Obama did but still it's
the voters fault I bet I bet it's still
the I think we should do more voter
shaming and by the way and now people
have to beg Democrats to stand up
against their nomination people have to
beg Democrats this is I think this is
from move on they put this out yeah this
is from move on you know Jimmy I just
want to add when initially those photos
came out about Abu Ghraib yeah and I was
teaching high school at the time and I
remember you know people were just
scandalize that these photos were out
there and kids were seeing these photos
but there was never conversation about
what those photos where I meant about
our democracy and our loss of humanity
and never did we have a conversation
about peace never they don't talk about
Iraq on campuses they don't talk about
Afghanistan I'm sure they don't even
talk about there's probably no
curriculum even on college campuses that
are highlighting or examining these real
issues right now or you do you have to
like just like happen to be a history
major that you're in these courses here
are things that are destroying
destroying our country and destroying
lives of other people
and there's limited conversation about
it almost none staff in fact not only
they're not talking about it they're
doing this and you know if I hear one
more person say to me how much I miss
George Bush I know it makes me want to
spit because why we're where we are is
because of him yes and his regime and
the Democrats who went along with them
and then didn't stand up as opposition
to him when they should have in the Iraq
war and prosecuting torture they didn't
do it they didn't stand up to him and so
they fact they went along with them and
now Barack Obama just he just went over
and put a blanket over the whole thing
nobody can open up these torture reports
what an
that's just that's just a this is the
facts Barack Obama's just a
 when it comes to this stuff he's
as bad as anybody but he died but he
doesn't such a nice way
he said folks he says folks we broke off
uh we broke off some broomsticks and
shove it up some kids ass some folks is
ass we do a lot of things right though
so that's what it leads to Barack Obama
not prosecuting torture it leads to this
and Democrats begging and we have to beg
Democrats to oppose it and they're not
going to
oh yeah we're seeing history repeat
itself in real time now we have a new
group of torturers who has never met a
conflict with another country they
didn't like right and now they're in
charge and everyone's going along yeah
and everyone's still pretending still
pretending that the problem is just
Donald Trump mmm and not this war
machine that has captured both political
parties and we're still pretending that
taking a knee is something taken Diaz
offensive taken D is offensive okay June
30th we're gonna be in Portland I hope
you can come see your show there's a
link for tickets right there also please
make sure you subscribe you even though
I think you are you're probably not you
know it takes a second and check and
make sure you subscribe to then ring
that bell because if you ring that Bell
they will send you a notification when
we drop a video that's what they say
they're probably lying but we have to do
everything we can to try to fight back
against the bastards
the bastards being you know the people
trying to throttle us so that's a great
way to do it make sure to subscribe
click that belt if you become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week come see our live show June
30th in Portland
thanks to cement oh gosh what if you're
Steve if you know what steam it is we're
steaming it right now
you
