hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
Show I'm here with Ron black-owned and
the miserable liberal howdy howdy
Ron's on a tour June 23 24 - where you
going Ron
yeah Jimmy June 23rd 24th we're going to
Nashville Huntsville Asheville North
Carolina Louisville Kentucky Atlanta
Georgia that's June 20 through 24
thrombley calm calm for tickets come on
out it's next week I'm stoked
for this week so here's a little story
that happened right here in Pasadena and
there was a family this is from a
Facebook post from Carly wheeler said
she's at the Westin in Pasadena and I'm
gonna tell you this is kind of amazing
story so here's her story and I'll read
it to you swimming while black
this past Monday June 11 2018 at 10 a.m.
Pacific time while on summer vacation at
the Westin Hotel in Pasadena my
five-year-old daughter and I were
approached by a white man while swimming
in the hotel pool the man asked if me
and my little girl had showered before
getting into the pool because people
carry diseases into the pools and he
doesn't want the health department and
shut the pool down what minutes later he
approached us again on the opposite end
of the pool under the pretense that he
worked for the health department no
he'll tell no hotel security or staff
was around to stop his verbal harassment
at that point I called BS and I
confronted him and what appeared to be
blatant racism I let him know that being
black is not a disease and showering
would not wash the black off our skin I
think it's awful that any man would
think it's okay to essentially ask a
woman and a little girl if we took off
our clothes and scrubbed our naked
bodies before getting into a hotel
swimming pool and so here's a video she
posted of that guy and we don't know who
this guy is maybe you do leave it in the
comments who this guy is so here's a
little bit of their confrontation that
was happening with a hotel employee and
then the manager comes out so let's
watch what a creep this guy is
to do what you asked me to shower
I simply asked them if they showered you
know like you do like you do it at
public pools you know how you go up to
strangers at public pools with and ask
little girls if they've showered what I
simply asked simply
I was simply being a racist a-hole
that's all that's all I was simply doing
and if he can sound any more calmer yeah
then the woman whose insult yeah and she
should be insulted that's right oh I was
simply trying to figure out how to be
racist and creepy simultaneously Ron did
you take a shower he said I don't know
about you guys he's talking that's an
employee he's talking to that woman I
don't know about you guys but I'm sick
and tired of getting into pools that
people use as baths what where'd you go
what are you talking about you're sick
and tired of this thing that nothin ever
happens
what are you talking about how would you
know who's taking a bath and who's how
would you know who's Howard before Anu
hasn't I used to be a road comic and I
traveled 40-plus weeks a year and I
always used to love to take a swim at if
a hotel that I was in had a pool never
seen anyone taking a bath never so never
seen it never seen someone using the
pool is about I've stayed in hotels my
whole career also well across the
country and another cousin using it as a
bath yeah he's sick and tired of it
though then stop going to hotels with
pools
they were there so what relax I just
singled you out and was creepy towards
you and your daughter and I was a racist
what's the big deal
who's that guy so what relax you're
hysterical female relax yeah you're
crazy I just I did something that makes
people crazy and I'm telling you not to
react normally to something I did if you
give me a second I'll mansplain to you
why this is no big deal
I'll blacks plain to you white racism
isn't a big deal that's what's the big
deal racism yeah what's the big deal
Google the diseases and pools pools have
a thing called chlorine in them that's
bleach that's so you don't catch
anything in a pool you know you ever go
to a pool and you smell what's that
smell that's bleached called chlorine he
can't stop he can't help himself he's
still talking to those kids yeah totally
a shower a little girl don't worry what
is this what kind of a crazy well we
know he's a racist and an yeah
which is kind of redundant I guess so
here comes the man so here comes the
manager he comes out and tells all of
them I'm about two seconds away from
calling the police and the black woman
says I want the police here which is
always a mistake you don't want the
police but anyway here we go
so now he turns to the white guide says
sir you can leave and the way it goes of
course clearly you didn't do anything
wrong here white guy so you can just go
you're being you weren't just harassing
somebody you're being soft-spoken and
calm sir I'm gonna ask you to leave
while I deal with a hysterical female
again why wouldn't he say to the black
woman you're free to leave I'm gonna
handle this guy I'm sorry about that and
I'm gonna comp your room
ya know not watch what he said watch
what he does here we go we go this is
this is this is Bob bad management 101
and it's on film here we go big headache
he just told that guy to leave no
problem and he's got it and he's gonna
he's gonna calm her down and if she
doesn't calm down she's going to jail
that's what he just said and if you
don't calm down but it called cops and
you're gonna go to jail that's what he's
implying he goes it's gonna be a big
headache for everybody meaning you're
gonna go to jail that's what he's saying
he does he's not saying that to the
white guy in fact he told me I can just
leave this is awesome
she says you don't know who he is he
doesn't go you're right I should go
figure out who that guy is before I let
him go he just changes the subject
I can't have this disturbance at my
hotel so he doesn't care what happened
that someone was just assaulting them
right in a racial way in a creepy creepy
and racist way he doesn't care about
that he just cares that someone's
reacting to it in a way that might upset
some of his other guests he's not upset
that there's a racist in his hotel
 harassing people he's afraid
that people are reacting to a racist
harassing people too loudly that's what
he's upset about you're reacting too
loudly to a racist who's harassing you
at our hotel
that's literally what he's doing and
additionally Jimmy he knows he's being
funny knows he's that's again that's the
thing people need that he knows he's
being filmed and this is how he's
handling it
white guy you're free to go black women
I'm gonna if you don't calm down when I
call the cops right here in Pasadena
right here in Pasadena
but I can't have this disturbing no
apologies my children did they mean
before he died look not a very nice
question and why are you wearing should
follow them other people I have no
answer so that's all the video we have
right that's all that was posted mmm why
did they stop videoing at that
moment ah so if anybody knows who this
guy is
if anybody knows who that guy is put in
the comments we'd like to know what's
that or send us an e-mail here what's
our e-mail jimmy dore membership at
gmail.com okay so and and the manager's
name which you know cuz he released a
statement it's Carl Sprayberry
and I'm sorry the hotel has to let that
go guy go he has to lose his job over
this oh that manager yeah I mean they
got to like you can't I mean I hate to
fire I'm conflicted
I'm completely yes I know no no he
certainly didn't handle it properly
he let white guy you're worth free to go
ma'am you better calm down I'm calling
the cops
that's effed up that he did that yeah he
should invited them both to the office
please come to my office and let's
figure this out
you can't you don't I mean it it's kind
of smart to split them up in a sense
we're gonna stop the fighting you could
but that's not what he did he said sir
you're free to go
please leave and I'm gonna give them a
talking to and threaten them with the
police which is what he did
yes I'm conflicted only about the whole
idea of I know if I were filmed in
situations I probably would be imperfect
and how I would handle it I certainly
would be and I just don't want to pit
the common person against the common
person where we want to you know have
his head roll you know whose head should
roll that guy oh yeah sir room for the
entire time that she stayed there
she'd be comped that's right and they
should give them an additional week
wherever the they want once you go
to the Westin yeah and to somehow like
appease them and and say hey you know
what we want your business and we don't
want his business right so the president
of Weston or whom at
I should pick up the phone and make nice
with this woman I'm conflicted about the
manager I don't know how the manager
fight we don't know have the rest of the
videotape so I don't know house maybe he
did comped their room maybe he did buy
him a dinner maybe he didn't I don't
know how this turned out do you know any
more about this well no I mean they
issued a statement they said they're
still looking into it they're reviewing
the tapes I mean my thing is and and
yeah I understand it's a tough situation
I'm not trying to say but somebody this
was harassment yeah this was harassment
this was addressing you harassed a guest
in the hotel and your responses oh okay
go free I understand it was tough I
understand it's a tough situation but
when you're in a position of authority
and you have that kind of negligence I'm
sorry you have to lose your job I'm
almost convinced I'm gonna say I'm being
too hard and that's fine but you know
what I'm sure this guy's compensated
handsomely you got to lose your job for
something like that I'm sorry not a good
but he didn't it wasn't a good move he
seemed to try to be read was respectful
he was sure but he wasn't an essential
difference he comes walking out I'm
gonna call the cops first thing he says
and the Senate is done he doesn't tell
that white guy I'm gonna call the cops
on you or I'm gonna try to figure out
what happened he'd even try to figure
out what happened exactly could you just
go back to the pool and shut up and the
white guy he's gone I don't even know
where he is so he did handle it horribly
should this cost him his job that's up
to the people at Westin but he did
handle it horribly I want it to cost
Weston something I wanted to cause
ultimately protecting our guests so
sorry dumb like this guy decides to
go around the pool that guy should you
know how do you not suppose I have the
right to refuse service to you that
guy's photo should be everywhere I
wonder if what those women were white
how that manager would have handled it
he would've probably what he was told to
wipe him and it was a black guy imagine
if it was a black guy and two white
women and their white kids I bet you
that guy would have handled a lot
differently right I think so too
he wouldn't came out to the black guy
sir you're free to go please go mate
he's shut up I'm calling the cops on you
that black guy was just harassing us
asking if our kids took showers yeah I
know shut up just go back he's fine
everything's fine I'm gonna call the
cops if you keep yelling that's how he
handled it
hmm that's how he didn't even asked him
what happened he'd even asked them he
didn't get the guy's name he didn't do
anything that was that was and
if it was different
well you can never know for sure if it
was obvious but I'm by the way this
handle or every indication says that it
would have been handled differently
had it been a black guy and white women
and a white kid think about it like that
and this guy's a real piece of POS they
call him on Twitter POS so that's gonna
be a protest there tonight happening
already so 7 o'clock tonight and pattern
walk in Pasadena at the West little
Westin yeah ok ok so there you go if I'd
tell me who this guy is so I get it to
be black in America I can't even imagine
you know I get upset at Authority in
America and I'm white right I get pulled
over they let me go I get I get let go
most of the time when I get pulled over
is that something yummy for me to do you
know it goes down for yeah yeah I get
the most I got pulled over on Christmas
guy let me go I was speeding I sped
right past the cop I didn't see him you
told me later that day I'm like what he
pulls me over you can't speed past my
god I didn't see it I wasn't trying to
sorry I gave him a sad-sack story like
my wife's kid my wife's yelling at me
I'd have forgot to get something for
Christmas and the Christmas is ruined
and now my wife's yelling at me I'm
trying to get home and so he let me go
which you know you gotta know how to
anyway I accidentally drove through a
checkpoint once and the guy let me go
cuz you're white well yeah yeah and it
was like my first time encountering it
cuz it was in New Mexico and I had never
encountered but do you like choices
no it wasn't to you it was one of those
like citric for foods
yeah yeah I didn't know what it was cuz
like I hadn't been around that area that
much so I just thought it was just like
sort of a thing and I was like well
there's no toll here so I just drove by
the guy who was waiting for me to stop
and I drove by him waving just like yeah
he's like what are you
doing stomping like I stopped and I'm
like what do you need like that was
actually what I said he was like Johnny
drugs and I was like no and I had pot in
the car but you know what are you gonna
do but yeah I mean who does that work on
do you have any drugs yeah you got me
 didn't see that question coming
but I like just drove through the thing
you didn't have any follow-ups he was
like alright see okay so let me know who
that guy is
and again Wow to be black in America not
it seems like it seems like it's
challenging to say the least so there
was a protest this evening in front of
the Westin Hotel in Pasadena and we went
down the top and we talked with one of
the organizers of the event
Ian Burke Jamison the hotel staff should
have and general manager Carl Sprayberry
should have immediately evicted the
racist patron upon investigation and the
company should have immediately issued a
statement should have immediately
reimbursed Miz wheeler for her stay they
eventually did that also they did the
ladder
I think they reimbursed her first day
yes but the gentleman was allowed to
remain on the premises and she was
threatened with the cops if she didn't
settle down yeah we saw that on the
videotape that he threatened twice to
call the cops
yes did they ever find out who that with
what the guy's name was who that guy was
that information has not been released
publicly is there are they still
investigating this it yes that that's
their that's their heads we're still
investigating okay all right and have
you spoken to that manager that was on
that videotape he got me on the phone
and I asked him what his what the
company's policies were Ray handling
racist harassment from their guests and
he gave me a BS answering lines if I'll
get back to you on that please send me
an email and I'll send it over to East
Coast corporate and I have not heard
back from them okay all right and so
what do you what do you hope that this
accomplishes today we want mr.
Sprayberry try the resign or get fired
for his appalling racist handling of
this incident and we want Starwood
Hotels
to commit to meeting with local
african-american community members most
especially vice mayor John Kennedy to
discuss how this disgusting incident
happened
and what steps the company is going to
take to see that never does again it was
pretty shocking that he left he didn't
confront that the white guy who was
harassing yeah but do you think he
should lose his job
this is Jim Crow this is just
making a mistake and handling a pearler
do you think he was that's his job he's
a general manager he should be up to the
their racist people in the world you
need to be prepared to handle that as a
hotel manager all right think Ian thanks
for talking to us your name my name is
Kimberly and as a matter of fact I just
decided to go in and ask the management
how would you handle it or how to hotels
handle stuff when you have to paying
patrons and one is harassing another
they refuse to give me an answer their
answer should have been we get rid of
the harasser but they were more like
trying to remain I don't know
politically correct well it depends on
the situation and we want to make sure
first of all that the safety of all of
our patrons is you know taken care of
and I said well that's not my question
I'm not asking you about safety my
question is how do you handle this
situation and I expected them to say the
harasser has got to go but that's not
what they said don't needless to say
I'll never be staying at a Westin ever
next live jimmy dore show is July 1st in
Portland Oregon July 15th in Chicago in
July 27th in Burbank California go to
jimmy dore comedy calm for a link for
all those tickets as those Joe's Plus
don't forget become a patron help
support independent media we give you
hours about bonus content every week
plus every Saturday at 2:00 p.m. we do
our solid chat Saturday it's our live
stream on Saturdays 2 p.m. Pacific time
stick around for that and please make
sure you're subscribed even though you
think you are subscribed to this channel
there unsubscribing people every day
just check click subscribe and then
click the bell to make sure they send
you a notification when we're dropping
videos otherwise they won't tell you
thanks for your support
[Music]
