happy buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show I'm here with their miserable
liberal hello
and Ron black own is also here where you
can't see him howdy howdy all right do
you know how to switch the cameras yes
yes I do show me yeah yeah sorry about
that so it's okay okay our regular tech
guy is not here Arno is sick and so Ron
is filling in admirably thank you Ron I
wanted to talk about what's happening
now because the the corporate Democrats
realize that they have a problem they
realize that they keep losing and
they're losers and they realize that
Bernie Sanders platform is popular what
do I mean about is platform mean I mean
free college tuition at state
universities
I mean Medicare for all
I also mean a living wage which is a $15
minimum wage we could stop there so
everyone knows these are popular things
super popular and so instead of the
corporate Democrats saying we've got to
be for this stuff and maybe let's get
behind Bernie they're now finding myriad
ways to not get behind Bernie so they're
finding ways to against a welder now
they're saying he's too old or this and
well what's wood I'm gonna show you her
Howard Dean now Howard Dean this isn't
hard Dean that's not him Howard Dean
when he ran for president he was trying
to beat George Bush and in his second
term he was against the Iraq war and he
would start off Howard Dean would start
off his speeches by saying I'm from the
Democratic wing of the Democratic Party
meaning the Democrats became war
mongering Republicans which they did and
so that's why he had a lot of enthusiasm
just like Bernie had and then the
establishment press squashed him just
like they tried to squash Bernie except
things are ten years later ten years
worse and so people didn't let the
establishment media squash Bernie like
it did plus there's no YouTube shows
there's the
Turks there's lots of stuff that can get
the message out about Bernie if if
Howard Dean had us back then maybe he
would have won maybe he would have
stayed in the race instead of getting
drummed out if they establish mantilla
totally smeared him made him seem like
he was crazy Oh didn't they do that to
Bernie and that and so now Howard Dean
then sold out
he works for all the biggest lobbyists
law firm in the world and he went from
being a progressive to now being against
single-payer medicare all that stuff
he's the anti what you want Howard Dean
so now he's on Morning Joe ball and
they're asking him about what did the
progressives do going forward by the way
he's not a progressive so I don't know
why they keep an you know why don't you
why don't you ask Bob Dole what the
progressives are gonna do going forward
what the eff why do people so because
it's a establishment corporate news show
and they pretend guys like Howard Dean
know what they're talking about and are
progressive well any might follow a few
on Twitter we don't know it's possible
he blocked me a long time ago so here we
go listen to this question by yeah let's
talk about Howard where the progressive
movement is right now is somebody who so
has represented and been invested in it
from the women's March Ford is the
women's march forward of energy for
progressive from the women's March for I
didn't know the women's March was a
progressive March well there were no
progressives during the primary you're
like that wasn't a thing that the
primary just kind of came in way way
more popular person just kind of won
there was no shenanigans it all and then
Trump won who saw that coming and all of
a sudden it was like Oh progressives we
should do something now the progressives
then the progressives were started that
according to him that's yeah I think
it's funny that Willie's asking really
guys about progressing yeah that's what
I'm saying is their most ridiculous
thing ever and god forbid they actually
get a progressive on the panel that day
correct right I guess they weren't
available they're not we're I'm never
available for them I guess here we go
how does that translate going forward
can they keep up that energy I actually
think the progressives are in the
in the process of informally taking over
the Democratic Party I think so that
happened in a sense already but they're
using power to thwart the progressive
wing like in California we showed up we
voted for the progressive delegates to
take over the party in California turns
out they have super-delegates at the
state level so even though we're the
majority of the elected they had
unelected ones delegates and they sorted
the takeover of the Democratic Party in
California by progressives we were going
to have a progressive takeover of the
party and they did displace did the
screwing and they rigged a system and
now we got literally a pharmaceutical
lobbyists as the head of the California
Democratic Party and don't you just love
how Howard Dean put a bow on that one
informal he was the verbage he used they
informally took it over meaning they
have the majority and they have all the
ideas people actually want they just
don't have the power that would mean
they formally okay topher yeah we
haven't formally taken it over because
Tom Perez is still the head of the DNC
and you're he's right now he's well
let's listen to the rest of this and
then we'll talk about it the country has
moved to the left is shocking to me but
a majority of Americans think Medicare
for all is a good idea I mean that
you're a physician why would that be
shocking to you is he shocked that
people came around to it or is he
shocked that people like this plan
that's not good I think he sounds like
the latter right yeah cuz it's never
worked anywhere in the world he doesn't
he has no case studies to look to did
when did the American people start
looking at other countries for ideas I
mean that's what I'm shocked about they
actually looked to Canada did they
actually look to Europe what's wrong did
they look to Russia
maybe that's we focus too much on Russia
and now people know even Russia has
single-payer that's a face of a guy
who's bullshitting by the way that what
does that look like to you a bullshitter
bullshitter did you want to say is the
idea that here we have this super
delegate have no awareness what people
want yeah he's a super debt away
he's a super delegate has no idea
looking up Nick is my donors don't want
this and I've pretended that people
didn't want it for a long time but now
it's pretty clear everybody knows people
want this so I gotta go people want a
system that's better that's what that
faces he's also surprised that we don't
want war and we want a jobs program how
about a jobs program so here let's
listen he's got a little bit more to say
frankly Bernie gets a lot of credit for
that I don't think he's gonna be the
next nominee but he could be but because
I'm very much for somebody I don't think
he's got to be cut I don't think he's
gonna be why he's the most popular
politician and everybody likes his ideas
but I don't think he's gonna win why
because we're gonna screw him over again
with the help of the corporate media
does Howard Dean's map of the world only
involved the United States and then
other third world countries and just
places we're bombing like is that all it
includes cuz he's just like I don't know
where they got this we raised the idea
for universal health care I guess Bernie
introduced it to them I don't know how
they would have heard of it otherwise
and but I don't think he's gonna win I
don't I don't know people forget here we
go
there I think my generations got to get
the hell out of politics start coaching
and start moving up this next generation
so that who or more I think fiscally
sane so here there's the new lie Howard
Dean doesn't think he should get out of
politics he's in politics he's on a show
right now trying to direct the party
really you think that your generation
should get out of politics real that's
it so that's another way for him to say
we're not backing Bernie and I found
another reason not to back them
and this reason is I'm for the
youth know the youth are the people who
love Bernie Sanders you
corporates liar those are the people who
actually love Bernie Sanders the people
35 and under in your party who make up
more than half your party now that's who
likes him so you're going I want someone
younger is a CC K and it's
obvious and nobody there's gonna call
them out because they're all too
right there all Russia propaganda tools
they're not none of these people are
worth anything and yeah they're there
event they've occasionally write a nice
column they occasionally say something
good they're all pushing a Red Scare
Russia every last one of those
people Jimmy it's only a way from Howard
Dean to get out of politics if there's
the only way that he could be able to
announce right then and there I'm out of
possible he thinks Nancy Pelosi and
Chuck Schumer should get out of politics
is that what he's saying
so is that what you meets and no one
says that white Willie guy says ago you
mean Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer
should get out oh no no no no no I'm not
them just Bernie just Bernie
how about Dianne Feinstein about gonna
make this an age thing yeah she's like
she's 80 something yeah I think she's 85
I think it's 85 I think it might be like
88 I know that her will do it over under
you know when she says about Medicare
for all if that means a government
takeover of health care I'm not there
yet
she knows that's alive and I know she's
around 85 years old because I made the
argument that all everyone she's ever
she was a grew up with have been on
Medicare for 20 years so and so that's
not who he means he doesn't mean her
he doesn't mean corporate Democrats
should get out of politics that's not
what he means he means Bernie so this is
a way for Howard Dean and the
corporate Democrats again find another
way to undercut the progressive movement
and what and what do you mean Jimmy he
says he likes the progressives never
gonna take over he's gonna swell let's
listen the Republicans or Democrats can
claim they're fiscally responsible
anymore after what the Republicans just
did in this tax bill and this generation
this young generation is gonna pay for
that if we don't get the hell out of the
way so that means no Bernie Sanders no
Joe Biden a well run I'll be supporting
somebody who's younger in the next
generation who I don't know who it is
yet but I'm gonna bet they're corporate
Democrats I'm gonna bet whoever that
person is it's gonna be a corporate
Democrat I don't know who it is ma'am
we heard Keith Olbermann say the same
crap on the view he said I hope
seventeen people run I hope a bunch of
people run why how about one really good
person how about that why do we need
seventeen people to run what what so
that again that is that corporate
Democrat talking point that
eliminates Bernie Sanders and you
pretend like you're doing it for a
pragmatic reason and Howard Dean
top-notch liar top-notch liar you talk
about a guy who got his mind right
that's a guy who got he they put him in
the cooler and he got his mind right
boss and he's taken cash man a guy's
loaded he's a doctor he knows Medicare
for all is the best thing he's a liar
well and there is a really pragmatic
reason why establishment Democrats would
want seventeen people to run when
seventeen people run it's really hard
for anybody to build a grassroots
movement like Bernie Sanders did but
it's really easy for them to throw their
cash at somebody and buy a nomination
yes ah that's right then it favors the
money guy mm-hmm you got 17 people and
who's got the most money he'll probably
win exactly he or she so lets he got a
little more stupid to say here we
go mine yet earlier I think there's a
bunch of people that are terrific and
there's more people that aren't on my
list there were terrific Chris Murphy
from Pennsylvania I mean from
Connecticut
Kamel Harris of course Gillibrand I mean
there's there's Eric Garcetti from in
Los Angeles a bit of a long shot but
Trump's broken the rules you now mayor's
may have a shot and there's look there's
tons of other young people we were
joking before that show Sam and I I
think or this segment and I wouldn't be
surprised if you saw seventeen people so
that's the new talking point they want
seventeen people to run so if we have
seventeen people to have seventeen
people would have ran last time
nobody would ever heard of Bernie
Sanders that's the theory that's the
theory now if we instead of having four
people in the race we would and and and
and two of those people being completely
a snooze right Martin O'Malley and I
can't even think of Jim
was his name I knew I can't even
remember that's how forgettable and
lawrence lessig yeah I'm like picturing
the person but I can't ya can't remember
the exact name right so the all these
people that were charismatic elite
challenged had and so those that so I
guess five now not I'm remembering so if
they had seventeen people they would
never he would never hear about Bernie
Sanders he would be how would you get
here his message well and that's the
second part of that talking point they
really don't want Bernie Sanders to run
that's it I mean obviously ed Rendell
made a similar sentiment recently he
said something about Joe Biden he's like
oh people cuz he wants Joe Biden to be
the guy and he's like oh yeah you know
some people say he's a little too old oh
but I don't think so and he and then he
went out of his way to point out that
Joe Biden's a little bit younger than
Bernie Sanders I mean there's all this
kind of subtle Aegeus nonsense and when
it comes down to is they don't actually
feel that way they just don't want
Bernie Sanders in there I think what's
also interesting is that he didn't
include Elizabeth Warren know on that
list
knows no Elizabeth Warren is that
amazing yeah I thought that was kind of
striking being that she is more relevant
to national conversations than Kamla
Harris much more and I I'm still kind of
confused why I have to keep hearing
about Camilla Harris because she I don't
know what she's done nothing she's not
doing a goddamn thing
Kamala Harris hasn't done a goddamn
thing and she ain't gonna do anything
what is she gonna do what she did she
was stand up to Wall Street she's gonna
stand up to the military-industrial
complex had that chance with Steve
minuchin and she did she had her chance
she didn't doing it Jimmy she's gonna do
some things and somebody needs to tell
her staff so here is that this I'm just
letting you know that's what's going on
there so this is the new corporate
talking point this is the new corporate
Democrat talking point and they gave it
to their biggest liar Howard
Dean to come out and give it to us and
you know Howard Dean gets paid
handsomely to mislead you he and he
so he's talked about Russia's not an
enemy of the state Howard Dean is a
Hannah me enemy of the state he's your
enemy he's not enemy of the state he's
enemy he's not working for you Howard
Dean doesn't care about you Howard Dean
cares about Howard Dean his paycheck his
corporate donors and that's it
that's who Howard Dean cares about a
physician who's against single-payer
that's all you need to know about Howard
Dean there's the new talking point so
I'm just let just getting everybody a
heads the up see that's what's coming
please make sure you subscribe click the
bell so you get a notification every
time we drop a video and if you think
you're already subscribed they probably
unsubscribe you please check next live
show February 16th that's a Friday night
in Burbank California special guests
Friday night February 16 we'll see you
then
[Music]
