so you know that trickle-down economics
doesn't work right we started doing
trickle-down economics with Ronald
Reagan in 1980 and ever since 1980
workers pay has flatlined
as production productivity has
skyrocketed so used to be productivity
and pay and now it's productivity BAE so
that's my little graph and because this
is the theory that we've been operating
under it's called neoliberalism
neoliberalism is you commodify
everything put a price tag on everything
and also you give money to rich people
and you don't do social programs well
here's what here's what it sounds like
on TV we know how to create jobs Ronald
Reagan did it I was part of that we know
how to create jobs we did it when I was
speaker and and the way you create jobs
is you have lower taxes you have less
regulation you have litigation reform so
he says they created jobs with Reagan we
do it with Ronald Reagan would they
created jobs that's what they're saying
that's what he's saying
they created jobs well here's a guy who
was in the Bush White House the first
Bush White House he'll tell you that
those that what Reagan did and those tax
cuts actually hurt workers huh wait a
minute the argument that a tax reform is
gonna raise wages is simply a lie Kevin
Hassett is a liar he knows this is all
 and and here's some very good
information and to prove that point in
the last page of my statement I look at
what happened after the 1986 tax reform
you can see wages fell for ten years
that's Bruce Bartlett who actually
worked in the Reagan White House and the
George Bush White House and he's and
he's telling you right now that after
that tax cut workers wages went down for
ten years straight the this is him
speaking he said the right a long time
ago figured out that they couldn't
assault the welfare state head on it was
too strong so they assaulted it through
a backdoor which is to systematically
and consistently drain the government of
revenues and force even Democratic
residents such as Obama and Clinton to
do a lot of their dirty work for them by
cutting spending and holding back on new
initiatives that are in many cases badly
needed and they're simply continuing the
problem is I think they've gone past the
point of sanity they're simply doing
things now that don't even make sense
he's talking about that tax cut that the
Republicans just passed they're doing
things now that don't even make sense
that's how bad it is for the economy and
the whole point of it is to create huge
deficits a we're out of money we got to
cut spending on social programs that's
the whole point that's what they're
doing they're coming after your Social
Security next and your Medicare's are
coming after it and who does it help who
does that tax cut really help even
Charles Barkley knows this will be my
second one this week my second he knows
how it works he knows how it works even
he knows how it works
sorry poor people are poor people I'm
hoping for y'all but you already got
notes you only got no shot yeah so
there's brute Bartlet telling you
anybody who tells you those tax cuts are
good for workers are bullshitters
they're bullshitting so when you ever
hear someone say it they're bullshitting
GOP tax bill will kill 10,000 people a
year why because according to the
nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office
estimated that it would cause 13 million
people to lose health insurance by
pushing up premiums and destabilizing
state exchanges so 13 more million
people won't have health insurance and
so it is estimated 10,000 people will
die because of that per year this is
horrible this tax cut right and they say
it's gonna create jobs well here is who
is this Ron tell me who this is Ron so
the the one gentleman furthest from you
that person is get Gerald Baker who is
the washed Wall Street Journal
editor-in-chief
so this the Wall Street Journal
editor-in-chief and this is and then the
other person is Gary Cohen who is the
National Economic Council director for
Donald Trump also was a higher-up at
Goldman Sachs but he is a Democrat ha
fantastic see that's the spot it's by
poor neoliberalism spans both parties so
here they're in a room full of CEOs and
they asked them how many of you are
gonna use this tax cut money to hire
more people or buy more equipment
because we know they're not gonna do
what they're gonna do is just put it in
their pocket and give it to their
dividend Sanders through the
shareholders can I ask you all a quick
question if the tax reform bill goes
through do you plan to increase
investment of your company's investment
capital investment just a show of hands
the tax reform goes through ok why are
why are the other hand why are their
hands up so you're not gonna reinvest
that money in capital and bet you're not
gonna do that then no so there it is
there's a roomful of them what why
aren't all your hands up you know
somebody has a camera here right it's
not just us it's not just us you guys
you're letting the secret out of the bag
here if you don't put your hands up
everyone knows this is and the
tax cut is just here to enrich the rich
people even richer and to screw over
social programs you would you please put
your hands up it's like George Jeb Bush
please clap I actually think when
there's actually a camera in the room
and none of them realize it I think they
call that the forty-seven moment that's
their that's their code oh they're like
47 moment 47 moment everyone raise your
hand everyone where's your hand
otherwise well the reason one Jim why do
you bring all this up with you you've
told us this before this stuff before ok
well the reason I bring this up is
because I saw this tweeted out by ABC
News
they put out this clip they had an
interview with Tim Cook who's the head
of Apple I don't know if you know Apple
they they're do very well with their
stock yeah they're doing okay their
stock does well Apple making good money
Apple we know it relates a lot of money
for instance in the third quarter of
just last year they made ten point seven
billion in profit that's profit they had
total revenue of over fifty two billion
dollars and they had ten point seven
billion in profit after they paid all
their bills and all their workers and
all their taxes and all their stuff they
still had ten point seven billion
frickin dollars left over one quarter
that company's doing well mm-hmm
company's doing very well so you would
think if they needed to hire people they
would just hire people they don't need
any more money to hire people if they
wanted to hire people well you'd be
wrong
according to Tim Cook listen to this
answer listen this question and answer
without these policy changes would you
be able to announce today the creation
of 20,000 new jobs cuz they they just
announced they're gonna be hiring 20,000
new people create creating 20,000 new
jobs and she's saying well without these
policy changes meaning the tax cuts
would you be able to create these 20,000
new jobs I would say yes cuz we already
have tons and tons of cash mm-hmm we
have a lot of cash we don't need more
cash to hire more people and let's
remember why you hire people because you
have a demand there's a demand for a
product you hire people if there's not a
demand you don't hire people that's
that's how that works
yeah and for for what they're projecting
like this year I mean that would make
sense that that would be you know a
healthy estimated add-on for a company
of that man right so he's gonna add
20,000 jobs and here's what he says is
it because of the tax cuts no there
clearly let me be clear there there are
large parts of this that a result of the
tax reform and there's large parts of
this that we would have done in any
situation
so he's had he I don't know what he's
saying there but I'll tell you what he
just said there's a large part of this
that meaning this higher job creation is
because of the tax cut but a large part
is awful big we would have done no
matter what you can't have it both ways
well you know 70% of this is because of
the tax cut but also 70% is because we
would have done it anyway
well that's 140 percent I'm not a math
surgeon but that's not right
so what a large part large part what do
you what why you can't say those things
so I'm gonna say this for whatever
reason Tim Cook is bullshitting and they
would have done this no matter what
frigging tax cut but listen to the rest
let's look let's listen to this whole
answer without these policy changes
would you be able to announce today the
creation of 20,000 new jobs
no there clearly let me be clear there
there are large parts of this that a
result of the tax reform and there's
large parts of this that we would have
done in any situation so it sounds like
president Trump's tax bill has been a
huge windfall for Apple well we - there
are two parts of tax bill right there's
a corporate piece in an individual piece
I do believe the corporate tax side will
will result in job creation and a faster
growing economy every other person I've
heard saw every news article I just
showed you Bruce Power everybody's
saying that's and you're saying
he's pretending that he wouldn't have
hired these people unless they got
attacked they didn't have enough money
Apple didn't have enough money to hire
people all of a sudden now all by we
were just barely treading water on our
52 billion a quarter we're just barely
treading water but now thank God because
it's now we're gonna hire people we
actually had demand for our products
that we couldn't meet but we decided not
to hire people
does that sound does that make sense
it's almost like his ego got in the way
of just throwing out that
sentiment that he knows people want to
hear
cuz it's just like well yeah we're
hiring people because our company's
doing well and I want the public to know
our company's doing well cuz I'm kind of
the face but yeah I also want people to
think this tax bill is helping regular
people to what do I do
we would have done this anyway but but
yeah it's cuz of the tax bill what the
tax bill is gonna really help grow the
economy it's not trickle-down economics
doesn't help the economy unless you
think the economy if you if you think
that the wall street equals the economy
then yes yes stock prices might go up
for a while and what-have-you but that
doesn't mean the economy that doesn't
mean that people have more money in
their pocket that people's lives got
better that more people have health care
our access to education or that more
that like that doesn't that's not what
that means that means that the people
are already super rich already are super
rich and he says there he wouldn't
create he of course he would have
created these jobs you create a job when
there's a demand for a product case
closed
you don't go well as demand for a
product but it I'm not hiring
anybody I'm not hiring anybody I don't
care about that demand so what so I
don't know I don't know so all I think
is he's just your classic neoliberal
millionaire and he wants a tax cut and
once once you make enough money you lose
empathy for regular people then and you
also lose the ability to read people's
emotions after you're that well so he's
been this wealthy for a long time and
he's just like yeah tax cuts are good
like digest that's just the way it is
tax cuts equal right that's huh well why
weren't you hiring before you had all
this money well I don't know but now we
are and it's got large part in a large
part so I don't know why he's bill so I
guess I'm not smart enough to know why
he's bullshitting all I know is he is
so I don't know what maybe Bruce
Bartlett or someone smarter than me
who's an economist or dr. Richard wolf
or somebody like that or mark Blythe
we've had on the show maybe they'll know
why he's bullshitting like this I just
think the only thing I could think of is
that he's just he's just like one of
those out-of-touch neoliberal
millionaires who just thinks tax cuts
are good this that's just their religion
capitalism is their religion tax cuts is
a part of it that's like a sacrament you
can't be you can't disrespect a
sacrament cuz tax cuts to always lead to
good things so I just think he's like he
doesn't even either he doesn't even
understand why he's saying that or he's
saying it and just badly trying to
cuz it sounds stupid a large part is the
tax cuts a large part we would have done
anyway which is it we all know you would
hire Apple wasn't holding back on their
hires hopefully it's crossing their
fingers for a tax cut so they would have
enough money to hire people that's
 so if you're smart enough to
know let me know in the comments or
whatever cuz I would like to know are
you smart enough to know Ron I don't
think so I mean I gave you my guess I
think it's just like he just wanted to
like he remembered shortly after his
answer oh yeah we were kind of just
gonna hire people names like oh wait a
second they like to hear that that this
is a good thing yeah we have to read we
like the tax cuts oh oh yeah this
benefits the middle class I forgot I was
supposed to do that totally it's good so
that's just him lining his pockets going
although it's good for workers that's it
that's all that is that that's my take I
mean I'm now maybe I'm wrong but that's
my take on it okay all right well there
you go thanks for being a subscriber if
you think you're subscribed they might
have already unsubscribed please check
and we'll see our next live show is
February 16th that's a Friday night in
Burbank California and if you become a
patron to help support our show that's a
great way to help support us or come to
a live show or get a mug or a thing or a
t-shirt thanks for your support
you
