everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i'm here with rob flick owns howdy howdy
jimmy so you know the good news is that
the the lefties are now attacking Trump
from the right saying he's not being uh
militaristic enough with Russia in Syria
so now to prove he's not a red he has to
be you know start bombing more people
and start more Wars and stuff which is
why they're giving him unlimited money
and spying powers on you because he's a
maniac who's out of control which is why
the Democrats keep giving him hundreds
of billions more dollars to bomb people
and unlimited spying power on you and
wait a minute that doesn't make sense
does it happen - I guess and this is
good news for all those World War three
enthusiasts or hobbyists or hobbyist why
do you bring this up Jimmy well I I
follow this guy Clint ken clippin Stein
and he says he goes feels like this
should be a bigger story and the story
is breaking news I don't know if you can
read that it says the Pentagon is
considering sending heavily armed
Marines to East Asia to counter growing
Chinese influence we got all this money
we got to find something to do with it
and what are we gonna this gave them an
extra 100 and what 40 billion dollars 60
hundred sixty billion dollars for some
extra must remember Russia spaces in
total they spent 65 billion we just gave
them an extra 100 for extra that's like
a tip yeah that was and and so now I
gotta spend it here we go but I bet you
everybody on the Left who's be excited
that Trump is here's here's with the
Wall Street Journal so I went to that
article The Wall Street Journal actually
had to subscribe The Wall Street Journal
today it's a very it's a sad day and
Lefty land for jimmy dore cuz i had to
get this article i had to find out about
it and i got a deal though i only spend
a dollar for two months at that a
special deal going on right now so i got
to do is set the alarm the day that two
months is up and cancel right away
because otherwise they probably just
immediately extract two million dollars
or wherever their radio really is they
do it they said they even have to pay
him $100 or promise to vote for a
neoliberal
so there it is that's it says the u.s.
considers boosting Asia forces with
special marine units
I like how I like how it said I like I
said this one said heavily armed Marines
as opposed to the unarmed Marines what
marine it's like it's redundant they're
heavily armed yeah that's why they're
Marines mm-hmm
the Pentagon is considering plans to
send heavily armed dirt is again they
said it right there yeah the armed
versatile Marine Corps that's the point
again this is all redundant that's still
marine they're versatile
that's the Marine word right there right
that means they go on land and water
right mmm marine means what does marine
mean exactly I always meant always
thought it meant water so I'm gonna do
it the water right look it up are known
and we'll get back to us heavily armed
versatile Marine Corps Expeditionary
units to East Oh expeditionary heavily
armed Marines mm-hmm they're gonna
they're gonna be Discogs they're going
exploring mm-hmm
as opposed to unarmed stationary marine
enthusiasts yes that's the alternative
but these are heavily armed they're
versatile person yes the new strategy
and a parallel national security plan
released in December set a goal of
getting the US military out of the
Mideast and realigned to counter China
and Russia as strategic competitors now
a couple of things I want to say about
this paragraph Trump did promise to get
us out of the Middle East which is why a
lot of people who voted for Trump say
they voted for him because he claimed he
was a non interventionist and he said it
was crazy were worse wasting all this
money in the Mideast and we he said all
that these sounded like he was certainly
was a populist he sounded almost like a
progressive when he talked about that
stuff mm-hm and so here he so III
thought it was that stance that got him
in trouble with the deep state with the
CIA NSA so here is but look how they end
this this paragraph do you see this run
it says realign to counter China and
Russia as strategic competitive
what do you mean competitors what does
that mean yeah yeah well to counter them
as strategic competitors yeah I mean I
think it's like this is from The Wall
Street Journal so they're writing it
through the lens of we're just competing
for the top and we'll do so by any means
necessary all right right I mean I don't
know let's let's read more there's more
to read here while the strategy comes
amid tensions over North Korea's nuclear
weapons program
it isn't intended as a build-up for war
which made me laugh when I read that
that's so funny
no we're we're we're sending heavily
armed Marines over there as a build-up
for peace everyone knows that whatever
you see heavily our Marines go so we're
like I was gonna be some peace breaking
out right why would there be a war and
we don't rush to war or anything it's
not like we're NATO sorry no don't worry
what we got hope and change things
change it's right we had a black eye due
in the wars instead of a white guy but
the approach to how the US military so
this is not a intended as a build-up for
war but it's intended as an approach to
how the United States military positions
itself over at least the next four years
based on the threats it sees what the f
does that mean do you know what that
means what that I don't have no idea
what that I do no no this is just us
position we're just positioning
ourselves for the threats that we see
you mean the war threats no no no the
other threats like you know threats of
what what threat we don't know what the
threats are but if there are any we're
gonna see them cuz we're freaking
everywhere oh maybe that's what that is
like we're right there so we'll totally
see it so just in case we're watching
but don't feel intimidated isn't a bit
of a war but we're watching the major
muscle movements as the Pentagon calls
hardware and personnel deployment I had
a major muscle movement when I woke up
this morning with one yeah yeah you ever
have the morning muscle movements
[Music]
morning what do they call it morning
wood
yeah but they call her my major ma these
major muscle movements as the Pentagon
calls hardware and personnel
redeployments for kicks they call it
that for kicks major muscle movements
major muscle movements that's what they
call it but you tell me those guys don't
have a good good time while they're out
come in and murders come on yeah
you don't think those guys have a good
time with her outspread and imperialism
of course they do they have a sense you
were about it they have a good time one
major muscle movement at a time that's
right
they are aimed at a global resetting of
forces these terms mean nothing it's a
global resetting that's that's it's a
resetting don't we already have a
military presence all over the world
well yeah well then how are we resetting
well it's it's global yeah we're already
all over the world that's global yeah
I've shut up it's a ramped up sub stings
we have enduring interest here and we
have an enduring commitment and we have
an enduring presence here what the eff
is F and going on said general Joe
Dunford Jared of the Pentagon's Joint
Chiefs of Staff he said that about the
American position in Asia during an
eight-day trip through the region ending
this week so the Pentagon has a Joint
Chiefs of Staff I thought that there was
just one Joint Chiefs of oh so that is
the Joint Chiefs of Staff okay
military officials said the Emme use you
know what Emmy you stand for marine hang
on Marine Expeditionary units that's
what they're called
by the way marine expedition of air sea
and ground combat as well as rescue
logistical and support operations and
meu typically has aircraft helicopters
tanks mortar and other weapons and
combat support resources so that's a me
use Marine Expeditionary units that's
what they are okay
military officials said the Emmie use
are under consideration with other
complementary proposals to reposition
forces into East Asia to counter a
rising China what does that mean they're
saying as competitors counter a rising
China what does that mean meme rising
China you mean they're rising
economically are they what do you mean
right what does that mean yes I'm
assuming yes that's what it means rising
economically which you know so that so
they're admitting we're gonna use our
military to counter someone's economy
mm-hmm so couldn't we just as easily
take all of these Emmie use which are
probably very able-bodied talented
people and have them come home and work
at our economy work on her economy and
that's a really cool couldn't we
also you know big buildup economically
that way so I'm gonna read that to you
one more time military officials said
the Emme use are under consideration
with other complementary proposals to
reposition forces into East Asia to
counter a rising China which the new
defense strategy identifies as
undermining an international world order
in place for decades so the count so the
rising China they're saying in this
paragraph undermines an international
word world order in place for decades is
that what they're saying Ron yeah what
the f there's always a new I hope I hope
like they hope like Isis that China
doesn't also possess kitchen knives
right and okay they can cut your house
yeah we got it
Wow counter rising China is gonna be the
name of our nose first Beats album when
he puts out that's we know that hey
guess what they're already are about
fifty thousand US service members in
Japan fifty effing thousand 50 thousand
50 thousand but somehow it was a
resetting fifty thousand and we're now
we're rut well that was that's what I
was already there are fifty thousand US
service members in Japan including
18,000 Marines
there's already eighteen
Marines in Japan we got to reset some
more everything another twenty nine
thousand five hundred s American
servicemembers in South Korea and about
seven more thousand in Guam Guam has
seven thousand military people Guam yeah
mom but just so you know I think la only
has about ten or twelve thousand cops in
all of La you know and a member of only
a third of them work full-time and any
are working at any time right because
there's 24 hours in a day 3 times 8 so
there's no ships mm-hmm so there's only
three or four thousand cops at anytime
on the street in Los Angeles there's
seven thousand freaking people in Guam
right yeah we happy about that when you
think about it through that lens yeah
that's really think about that yes at
the very least oh so we uh there are
groups of marine as we already said that
we talked about that that's the meu
there are essentially small aircraft
carriers so they say we have to be
President ooh this this is from another
General General Nellore he says we have
to be present and engaged to compete why
do they use this language this language
is we need to get an expert in here I
mean to intimidate the world
yeah why are they is that Orwellian
 words for what for we have to be
President engaged to scare the out
of people that we're willing to start
another war is that what that means yeah
I mean that sounds much less pleasant so
I think I just they sum it up with to
compete you know intimidate the world
also not as friendly sounding yeah ha
but Pete
alright the new defense strategy will
shape our future naval presence
especially in the indo-pacific yes of
course it will the new defense strategy
it's gonna shape our future naval
presence does that meet our entire
militaristic approach can be summed up
as our defensive strategy is to play
offense everywhere
all the tile a time so and a related
step the Berean course next month will
expel expand the number of Marines who
serve in rotating training assignments
ready in freaking Australia is there any
oh all the US military is there anywhere
you can't be while half your country is
poor in poverty low-income is there
anywhere you can't be while 63% of
Americans can't afford $1,000 emergency
oh god damn it you military about twelve
hundred and fifty Marines now deploy in
Darwin Australia for six months each
year the number will increase by an
unspecified amount in March I've always
said I was always up like well I can
understand why a lot of people are
voting for Trump they won't name we need
some more Marines in Australia keeps you
up at night you know it's like the
issues that are plaguing the general
populace like you have enough Marines in
Australia worried really worried other
initiatives previously announced include
a broader counterterrorism mission in
the frickin Philippines Oh military is
there anywhere you can't be what's kind
of it's kind of like you know the like
the local road systems and stuff like
they get so much budget so like
sometimes if they're like a little over
budget even if a row it's like totally
fine it'll just repave it because they
want to get the same amount of money
yeah the following year like this is the
same thing well we got a hell of a bonus
we got to spend this or we might not get
the same in 2020 let's go fix it up
in the Philippines Joey hey you got
clean water in Flint yet no we got to go
over to the Philippines get some more
guys down to Australia quick so they're
continuing deployment of new hardware to
the region does that say littoral combat
ship ships to Singapore for example and
ultimately Joint Strike Fighters to
Japan
I don't know if you remember what
Eisenhower said but this is it
beware the undue influence of the
military-industrial complex this is it
let's remember it cost about thirty
billion a little over thirty billion
dollars a year to end world hunger just
so you just get to keep that mind keep
that in mind
twenty billion dollars a year to end
homelessness in the United States keep
that in mind
fifty thousand guys in Japan fifty
thousand in Japan Japan the new military
strategy when more fully implemented
will require careful diplomacy and a
strong economic approach once again what
the hell does that mean what the
military and our industrial air
corporate is working hand-in-hand what
the f be careful with that diplomacy if
we get too much of it there's nobody
fighting yeah careful yeah and a strong
economic approach what is that effing
mean when that mean people come home and
do stuff domestically wouldn't that be a
strong enough you tell me what that
means and then this is how they added
their those are real threats and we have
to deal with them and we have to and we
have to deal them that's what it says he
said of extremists in Iraq and Syria you
know the ones we created the ones we
created in Iraq and Syria those
extremists you mean them those are real
threats we created and we got to
go create some more come on these people
are gonna bomb themselves am i right
we will do our part to support that
while balancing risks to operations
under the central command control he
told he said that's general another
general general Votel
uh you know it's it's it's comical right
now and right now there's lefty news
show screaming about Trump not being
enough us not having a muscular enough
military response to Putin now the only
way you can prove you're a tough guy
yeah you prove you're not a red you have
to go
bomb someone according to the new left
that's the left which is such a bat me
kiss like Trump you know PR is Trump
specialty he's very good at that
and he's not like he sees the only time
he gets praise is when he does something
militaristic when he has a State of the
Union that's basically just a war rally
in disguise or when he drops bombs on
Syria it was at that moment he became
presidential so he's gonna respond to
that by wanting to have a parade and and
you know like getting this big budget so
wrong message to send wrong message the
son okay I don't know if you guys know
you can't afford health care there's
thirty twenty eight million Americans no
health care but we got fifty thousand
guys in Japan we got to ramp it up we
got to wrap it up in Australia we're
gonna be wrapping up what are we
wrapping up in Australia everybody I
think we are about like a couple billion
dollars away from them sending about a
thousand Marines just out on the open
water to find out if Narnia is real or
not yeah that's gonna be there just
total exploratory Wow I will predict
they they will not criticize this
they're not going to be criticizing the
war machine at MSNBC or CNN or at most
even lefty news sites you don't think
Rachel Maddow is gonna lead off with
this I don't think so I'm gonna think
it's gonna be something about Russia is
hacking our election even though the
people hacking our elections Goldman
Sachs that's who's hacking your election
you jerk and guess who's hacking
our subscriber list say YouTube so make
sure you're subscribed because they're
unsubscribing people like maniacs and
we're almost at 300,000 so if you check
and make sure you're subscribed that
will help us get there faster because
they're doing their best to make
channels like this go away that's really
happening so everybody has a theory why
it's happening it is happening so please
make sure you subscribe and click the
bell so you get a notice when we drop a
video also also come to our live shows
February 24th in San Diego March
45th in Austin Texas or become a patron
and we give you a bunch of extra content
you know we give people the live should
we do a live stream every Saturday at
2:00 p.m. Pacific time and then we do it
for a couple hours at least right and we
take questions from people so it's fun
it's it's me it's a gives me a lot of
energy so then we make that available as
our to our premium or patrons right like
here you go that's great plus we also
make some sketches that we do the we do
these sketches you know the phone
sketches where people call in
celebrities and we give we make those
available to the premium people
exclusively some of those and somebody
was like well that's not really a
premium bonus if you give us the live
stream I don't know what do you think
about that I think it is because I think
it is oh yeah people like to watch it
and yet the whole thing and get the
whole thing at once right not everyone
catches it live I know the Young Turks
one of the things they give to their
people as they they give them the whole
show without any because they only give
what clips pieces of the videos right
they put on so they'll give you the
whole show at once that's like part of
the thing too so that's what we're doing
with our lives you're may give you the
whole thing instead of clipping out so
maybe we'll make some more bonus or
