everybody walking with a jimmy dore so i
have a special guest today it's kathy
myers she's running for the
congressionals district 1 conditional
district 1 in wisconsin you know her
opponent is that's right it's Paul Ryan
the Ayn Rand Ayn Rand disciple okay
now Cathy iris is the daughter of an
army vet and an army reserve nurse
herself she was born in Iowa she made
her way she lives in Janesville
Wisconsin when she was elected to the
local school board twice and now she's
running for Congress hi Kathy thanks for
coming on I thank you very much for
having me so just let me just tell me
why you're running for Congress sure
well I'm running for Congress because it
seems like an opportunity doesn't exist
anymore especially if you are anywhere
near the middle class and I think it's
Paul Ryan's fault
and I think I'm the candidate who can
take them out that's why I'm running
okay so you're yes so you can make the
case that the middle class is slipping
away what do you mean by that well I
mean things like so in the late 70s for
instance you could go to college and you
could leave college and actually it more
like in the late 60s you could leave
college and be debt-free and that
doesn't happen anymore we don't we don't
invest as much in education in this
country anymore
and to me education is you know I kind
of at the heart of opportunity so I'm
the mom of two children in their 20s I
have a daughter who lives in Chicago and
she is 27 and the son who lives in
Madison he's 28 and both of them have
had a student loan debt that now they're
getting on their feet and everything now
but you know I'm thinking about the
other things that they they didn't do
because of that so they they didn't they
haven't bought a house yet they haven't
they haven't you know they don't spend
money like they they might if they
didn't have all this student loan debt
and so it's you know it's like it's it's
really hard actually you know when you
have your your chill
and they go through this and they do
everything they're supposed to do they
were good students they got scholarships
they studied hard and then they leave
college and as my son said there was a
point where he said I don't even know
why I did that you know I just you know
why did I even bother because because
the the opportunity just felt like it
didn't exist so that's one way that
opportunity seems to not exist and of
course you know if you get sick
especially if the Republicans are able
to successfully get rid of the
Affordable Care Act or impose their
version of health care which is not
health care at all if you get sick well
then you might as well just opportunity
is gone you know okay there's no way you
could afford to live right now Cathy saw
are you saying you're for free college
tuition yes
oh so you're for free and so you're for
free college tuition now people will say
immediately who's gonna pay for that
right well you know what's going to is
we're going to have to start changing
what we invested in this country and we
do pay a lot of taxes here and we might
end up pain a little bit more but you
know you could change your priorities a
bit we spend the most on the military in
this country we could we could be using
some of that money for other things like
health care and investing in our
children through education so I think
that I think that you know what this
means to me is we have money we just
have our priorities wrong and that's you
know that's what I want to approach well
right now Kathy the Democrats in the
Senate just went along with Trump in
fact they gave him thirty billion
dollars more a year than he asked for
for the military bringing it up to an
extra eighty billion dollars a year over
the next ten years that they're gonna
spend on the military to make bombs and
stuff for enemies that we don't have
that are non-existent
we're fighting ghosts with a trillion
dollar war budget yet we're telling
people that they can't afford free
college in the richest country the face
of the earth has ever seen and you're
correct when you say that it's just a
misplaced priorities by the way no
discussion in the country over that 80
billion dollars a year zero
but if you wanted to spend eighty
billion dollars a year to have people go
to college for free the whole world
would have to come to a stop so we could
talk about it non-stop 24 hours a day
and figure out who's gonna pay for it
but if you're gonna buy a bomb that's
gonna enrich a 1/4 to 1%
no discussion whatsoever so that's we
have the money right so people say we
don't have the money what we're what we
don't have is that the money to keep
wasting on the military you know when
you build a bomb that's money that
doesn't help the economy it's the worst
way to build jobs as military spending
least efficient way to build jobs is
military spending and we're doing it
left and right so we're exactly right
when you spend money on college that's
not an expense that's an investment then
you get money back on that that's not
money off the window when you put send
them into college they can go on to pay
a lot of taxes in their life and build
our community and building up our
country in our community in our economy
so those aren't costs right and when you
give someone medicine medicare-for-all
now they're free to go out and be
entrepreneurs so many people are stuck
in jobs that they don't want to be in
anymore but they keep because they they
need the medical coverage now if we got
rid of that kind of trap that they're in
that would unleash the power of
entrepreneurship in our economy and that
would also boost our economy so I think
those are two great things the thing
soyou're for both those medicare-for-all
and free college tuition
now Randy Bryce is the other Democrat
who wants to run against Paul Ryan he
says he's for both those things how are
you different from him oh I'm different
in a few ways first of all I would say
that I'm different you know not just on
policies but also on leadership ability
and electability I in Randy's been on
the scene politically since 2011 and
he's you know he's a decent guy and he
is an activist he's kind of an agitator
which is which is great there's a place
for that but you know the same amount of
time that I got elected he's he's lost
three elections and I don't know why I'm
not going to judge why I think that you
know running for office is incredibly
difficult but I know that I've won twice
in the same amount of time and and I was
top vote-getter each time
and I did it by going out and talking to
people and working you know like like a
neighbor to neighbor grassroots kind of
approach and I think that Randy's
campaign is kind of exhibiting a and
approach that is the antithesis of that
approach that grassroots approach you
know I expected to be bombarded you know
it was kind of a machine kind of
politics from Paul Ryan but I feel like
I'm getting that as well from my from my
primary opponent who seems to be really
kind of established and you know in you
know embedded with the establishment
kind of crowd and so I don't really feel
like we're giving getting a really great
primary yet but also I would say as far
as issues are concerned I'd say I'm
stronger on the environment I I believe
that we need to be investing in clean
energy in this country I think we need
to treat it like a stimulus so that and
by way there are great jobs with that
and you know think about the byproduct
of a like clean air and water as a
legacy for our kids and we have a tar
sands oil pipeline that goes through the
first congressional district goes down
through Wisconsin and that's terrible
stuff it's toxic stuff and guess what
it's run by the EM bridge pipeline
company and randy has not necessarily
come out very strong in that and that
it's Becky's refused to he's refused to
really push back hard on the need for
clean energy and to be against pipelines
he tends to view it as a jobs issue and
you know I I respect that
I respect that a that concern I want
really good jobs too but I think you can
have both I think you can have clean
energy and really great paying unionized
jobs and I think we need to be
forward-thinking so that's one policy
approach that I think difference is a
difference between us and also as far as
immigration is concerned I I support
daca I believe that that local law
enforcement should stay out of doing the
work of ice and Randy Randy has
supported using local law enforcement
for to do the job of ice and so I'd say
that's one other area that where we
differentiate Wow though that that's no
small thing especially in this day and
age and the people's fear of Trump I did
not know that Randy was for using local
law enforcement for immigration policies
that's kind of that's not that's kind of
the opposite of the progressive view on
something like that so so why do you why
do you think it is that Randy Brice has
sucked all the energy I mean all the
oxygen out of the room for other
candidates because all we hear about is
Randy Bryce mm-hmm well so so he had he
had kind of a group of people that got
together and they started looking for
candidates they went through a couple of
them until they got to him and and they
produced a you know they did they
produced a really great video but and
Randy Randy is using that video to point
to the fact that he is the most viable
against Paul Ryan and while I will admit
that it is a great video I think there's
got to be a lot more to it I think that
you know a video is is not going to get
you he's not going to get you command
the respect of going up up against the
Speaker of the House I think you need
someone that has been a proven leader
and a winner and a person that gets
things done have you been able to afford
any polling to find out how close to the
races on we have not done any polling
yet that's coming in the near future
okay so the primary is it the spring
primary that we're looking for is that
where you're running against Randy or is
it November now I'm running against
Randy and that comes around next August
so we have a late primary in Wisconsin
and then whoever course comes out of
that goes up against Ryan in November oh
so the Democratic primaries in August
yeah yeah okay so the information I was
looking at something February okay I had
bad information thanks for straightening
this out okay all right well the
Democratic Party has neglected Wisconsin
in their most recent past Hillary
Clinton famously failed to go there
although she does have a book tour
scheduled to go to Milwaukee so I guess
she knows
anyway so so Hillary Clinton didn't go
to Wisconsin and the Barack Obama
famously did not put on his comfortable
shoe and walk with the teachers when
Paul Ryan was taking the Union away from
them what so first of all can you speak
to that about the Democratic failures in
Wisconsin and how do you think you can
rebuild people's faith in the democratic
party in Wisconsin yeah yeah I was
really quite disappointed in both of
those things you know when I got into
this race I decided that the way that we
have to approach it and the way we have
to change the way that we do things
within the democratic party and you know
I've always thought that the Democrats
kind of hedged their bets sometimes you
know like they're really afraid to speak
up and demand what that you know what
they know will be in the best interest
of the country and so because we're
always worried about whether it makes us
electable or not and I think that what
that is what that leads to is a lot of a
lack of authenticity and I think people
smell that and so I decided that when I
got into this race I'm not going to I
wouldn't just say what I want and what I
think we need and what I think is best
for this country and best for the first
District and you know if that doesn't
work out that doesn't work out but I
decided that I have to be really clear
about that and I think that that has
been a problem with the Democrats that
we've you know that we've sort of just
stuck our toe in the water you know and
so and so President Obama you know had
the ACA but he had to get that by a
course you know kind of coming getting
in bed with the corporate interests and
you know I guess I guess you kind of you
know I don't know I don't I guess I
guess what I would like to have seen out
of President Obama is to push for
Medicare for all in the first place you
know and say that is the ultimate goal
and and and I kind of felt like he kind
of gave up the store a little bit
perhaps too early you know but I mean
I'm I am kind of armchair quarterbacking
it I suppose but you know I really
you know I really think that that that's
one of those things and I also think we
need to focus really hard on these kind
of issues these truly progressive issues
because I think that's going to drive
voter turnout and I think that's how we
win I couldn't agree with you and the
last point more about the progressive
issues drive voter turnout we know that
when the minimum wage is on the ballot
that's how Democrats get elected just
like when gay marriage is on the ballot
that's how Republicans get elected you
know Claire McCaskill owns her Senate
seat to the minimum wage being on the
bill there's a ballot there so I mean
that you're exactly 100% right except
the reason why I think the Democrats can
only stick their toe in the water Kathy
as you say the reason why Barack Obama
could not put on a comfortable shoe and
stick up for teachers is because they're
bought and that's why Bernie Sanders was
so popular and that's why but that's why
we have Trump right because people
couldn't bring themselves to vote for
the status quo anymore which is the
status quo which was one party which is
the money party right I mean Hillary
Clinton champion NAFTA a Barack Obama
was screaming at the top of his lungs
for TPP all through the election and you
wonder why people didn't come out to
vote and then the Democrats wag their
finger at people people and say you know
if you don't elect Democrats this is
what you get well if you don't inspire
people to come out to vote this is what
you get so progressive issues on ballots
is what moves people to the polls I know
that firsthand
so that you're exactly right about that
but so why do you think so why do you
think it is the Democrats of lost touch
why are they wiped out at every level of
government right now they're of no
presence in the Congress they lost the
Senate they lost the presidency to a
game show host who's a clown and they
lost over a thousand state seats now a
lot of people wag their finger and say
it's Susan Sarandon fault I didn't know
she had that much power well why do you
think the Democrats are wiped out on
every level of government and continue
to do the exact same thing and nothing
different first of all I think that
Democrats need to need to own their
stuff and so when we make mistakes I
think we need to own it and and so no
you cannot blame Susan Sarandon for any
losses as
Nicholas but I also think that one of
the biggest problems and you mentioned
them being bought is the money in
politics and by the way that is a
partisan issue I think that what it
creates you know is it's not only an
inaccessibility to the candidate it also
creates it also creates a lot of
cynicism and it also deprives us I think
of a lot of talent you know there's a
lot of talent out there there are people
that have got good ideas and people that
want to become citizen legislators and
want to you know give in to that you
know and be a part of their community
and and they look at that money and they
they think there's no way that I can
raise that kind of money to be viable
and I think that that is you know one of
the biggest problems that we face here
so so as long as so for instance as long
as Paul Ryan is getting over a hundred
and seventy thousand dollars from the
gun lobby like he did last year I you
know in a year that he didn't you know
you know he really didn't even have to
campaign well will not have any gun
legislation or our common-sense gun
legislation to prevent things like that
what happened on you know just a couple
of days ago so yeah do you think Paul
Ryan is vulnerable on that gun
legislation and do you think that Paul
Ryan is vulnerable overall in your
district I think Paul Ryan is vulnerable
all over all in our district it's not
just the gun thing it's the fact that he
doesn't he doesn't interact with his
constituents anymore he doesn't hold
legitimate town halls I you know and
Paul Ryan's been there for nearly 20
years and he doesn't have a very strong
legislative history in other words he's
managed to sort of get by without having
to put his name on a lot of things and
really own things and I think that that
changed especially this spring when he
put his name on that health care bill
and we discovered that what he really
cares about is taking you know 23
million people off of health care and
and nearly 50,000 of them in the first
congressional district alone so I think
that Paul Ryan Ryan has truly revealed
himself and that's one of the reasons
he's vulnerable well listen this is but
we've been talking with Cathy Myers
she's a Democrat running for Congress in
Wisconsin's first congressional district
if she's successful in the primary
against Randy Bryce she'll go on to take
on Paul Ryan and that would be quite a
coup to take up Paul Ryan in the first
can cause he is the speaker that would
be quite a day for the Democrats if they
could do that so good luck to you Kathy
she's a real progressive it's that
sounds like to us right see her
positions pass our tests so thanks for
coming on Kathy what's any last words to
the audience well sure we can't do this
alone this has got to be a you know a
movement of sorts and and so if you I'd
like to help out or contribute you can
go to Kathy Myers for congress.com
okay Kathy thanks and best of luck thank
you very much Portland Oregon the Jimmy
Dore show is coming to the Alberta Rose
theater November 12th and we're going to
Burbank California November 6th and the
Hollywood improv on October 16th there's
a link for tickets right down there go
to jimmy dore comedy calm for all legs
for all shows
