everybody welcome to part three of our
fascinating interview with Peter Joseph
who wrote this book the new human rights
movement reinventing the economy to end
depression it's a fascinating book you
make points about the charity giving
from billionaires and it's really
interesting about they don't want their
tax dollars to go to the government but
they're so like there's this there's
these billionaires I met one of them and
they have this I forget the name of the
project but they're gonna give away half
of their wealth or there's something
like do you know about this rosid Li
right and are you referring to the the
old billionaire pact yes talk about that
I can't believe yes so Bill Gates and
Warren Buffett a bunch of billionaires
got together and it was a response to
Occupy Wall Street by the way it's just
a big PR move yes they say oh we're
gonna set up this fund and everyone's
gonna make an agreement to give half if
not more of their wealth to charity when
they die and we want it and this is
their poetry and that's all it is
because because no one's really done it
and if they do they do it to their own
private foundation so Bill Gates he's
like I gave away all my might oh he
didn't he started the foundation and
dumped his money inside of it with
numerous tax loopholes to benefit off of
not to say that he doesn't mean well but
it's part of an elitist narcissism that
these people actually think they're more
important in their views they can
influence countries they can change the
health care like the Gates Foundation in
some country without any Democratic
presence at all right that is
totalitarian philanthropy and that's
what's wrong that's it that's it so they
these billionaires they don't want
democracy and their philanthropy that's
why they keep money out of the
government or they do everything to keep
it in the pocket of their little crew
because they're you know they're always
libertarian like people like yeah you
know Peters Peter Thiel here to this guy
yeah the founder Poe my god he is the
poster child of just everything
ideologically wrong with the way he's
the one that started the idea of
seasteading heard of this thing no this
is great he wanted to he talked about
this years ago he wants to build
artificial islands off the coast in the
international waters goes into law and
he wants to create a basically a 9r and
utopia where you can have your
libertarian values there's no government
everyone's just gonna be trading and
it's gonna be utopian the market system
absolutely unbeliev
what I read about that I couldn't
believe how delusional you could
possibly become only if you're a
billionaire you could you do that
obvious right like if it's a whole
toilet a billionaire that's great but if
you set in motion I'll say this you set
in motion on an island the mechanics of
this system in and of itself with no
regulation no government it would
self-destruct in a matter of moments
because you can't have a warfare system
without regulation there's got to be
something without a self-destructing in
other words warfare and meaning you the
market externalities of this is not to
change the subject I wanted some on this
I wanted to bring this up what this
system does is create externalities in
the form of poverty in the form of war
in the form of insurgencies in the form
of terrorism it of course in the form of
pollution and climate change all of
these things are things that the system
can account for so it just dismisses
them into the ether as things that
aren't related and when people argue for
the system you know the pro libertarian
folks they always think that those
things are anomalous oh it's the state
government that messed up the free
market now we have poverty's a state
government that's not doing their job
right and so now we have pollution no
the the the government exists in a in a
middle ground between the trying to
organize and stop the anarchy of this
system of self-interest and competition
and it's also a tool of differential
advantage for the most privileged of the
boot of the business class point being
the Koch brothers Koch brothers are
right there influencing government as
you would expect them to be while at the
same time there are people like Bernie
Sanders that are trying their best to
stop this town of behavior and that's
the dynamic and who's gonna win who's
gonna win in that circumstance and the
money's good yeah so I always joke I say
well you know if you have a whole
society based on money self-interest
profit you know what the Koch brothers
should own and run America right that
would be consistent with our policy as a
philosophy in general on this in this
country and the world so why do we why
do we object it's just hypocracy to my
mind when people don't see that you know
yeah I just I want to stay one more just
one more moment on this charity I said
there's a real so that to me seems like
a real nefarious reason why these
billionaires like Bill Gates want to
have control over their own charity
functions with their money right instead
of having to pay
a reasonable amount in taxes and then
have democracy distribute that money
where it's needed in society they know
they don't want that they don't want a
democracy to decide where their money
goes they want just like they do in
their own corporations you know Richard
Wolff talks about this professor wolf
democracy at work there is no democracy
at work where you spend most of your
life to put your ear in a totalitarian
system which is what a corporation is
right it's a top-down totalitarian
system there's no democracy you know
right you're not voting to who's gonna
be on the board that the people with the
money do so when they do they're so inst
instead of when they don't take their
money and do charity like hey we're
gonna go solve homelessness which Jeff
Bezos could do like that yeah Jeff Bezos
is worth around 120 billion dollars it
would cost 20 billion dollars to end
homelessness in the United States yet he
doesn't do it it would cost 30 billion
dollars and world hunger to end extreme
poverty yeah you could end world hunger
would throw he could end world hunger
and homelessness in the United States
and still have about seventy billion
dollars left over which would still make
him one of the richest guys in the world
yet he doesn't do it and to me that's
because people like Jeff Bezos are
megalomaniacs and that's a real way you
know the statistic regarding people of
high business power are almost not
always but a very high percentage of
them are psychopaths yes by the very
definition of how what it takes for them
to get to where they are the type of
gaming mentality and indifference they
actually have medical psychopathology
yes and that's that's well-established
statistic people she looked at me and I
mean I mean you just go back to the
values of the president and the
corporate concept he he approaches his
work as a president like he's a CEO or
be a tree and that shouldn't be a
surprise but I will say remember uh
Thomas Piketty he wrote yeah great book
kept capital capital in the 21st century
and he criticizes you know the wealth
inequality and Bill Gates made a big
article and rebuttal to it and what does
he say he goes you shouldn't want me in
with those people that just buy a bunch
of yachts
i I want to use my money for good and he
pimp lies that it's his right to make
the decisions for the world effectively
in an undemocratic way that's right do
that and that's uh that is definitely a
six state of mind so what what people
like
Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos end up doing
is they don't go in homelessness or give
money directly to help they'll go I'm
gonna fund Law School for women and I'm
gonna you know that's the kind of stuff
they do and in and it's and we don't get
to decide how we need the money used so
that's really an interesting people
don't realize that they go oh well
they're rich they deserve it they should
be able to do what they want with their
money
you know what just like you said they
weren't born into a blank space they
were born there standing on the
shoulders of giants exactly as it was so
when and and because of our system the
way it's been so rigged in the powerful
people's favor meaning the people with
money the way it's been so rigs that
someone like Jeff Bezos can now be the
richest person in the history of the
world including pharaohs and at the same
time the people generating that income
for him or on food stamps yeah and what
kind of person does that a megalomaniac
psychopath yeah and people don't realize
that Jeff Bezos is a psychopath yet he's
in bit he owns the Washington Post he's
in the bed with CIA to the tune of six
hundred million dollars and he's also
sits on the board of the Pentagon for
the richest man in the world who
literally looks like dr. evil owns the
newspaper of note is in bed with the
deep state intelligence community has
all your information stored because we
live under surveillance state that's why
they say contracted him to store your
information and then he sits on a
pentagon board and we're living in an
endless war we were living in an
Orwellian nightmare of perpetual war
right now right now we're spending 40%
more on our military than we were at the
height of the Afghanistan and Iraq war
forty percent more and we never had a
meeting about that there was never a
town hall there were no op eds they just
spent that money and you make the point
in the in the book that it's because
rich countries can spend as much as they
want why is that if you uh if you're an
empire which the u.s. is the cliche
Empire but China's an empire and Russia
is an empire you have so much dominance
in the way that the way that things
unfold that when you take loans from
other countries like the United States
does is a debtor nation it's not
expected that they're ever gonna pay
stuff back as long as the US dollar is
strong now you saw Iran recently took
the euro away as its excuse me they
applied the euro as opposed to the
dollar for petrol petrol Dre and other
things that's a good sign in terms of
deflating the power of the US dollar not
necessarily for us because it's all
systemically related but in terms of you
know the broader kind of moral view so
the united states it's been estimated in
across the world that by 2040 60 to 70 %
of all nations will be bankrupt by their
own metrics the United States isn't
acceptable to that because it just makes
its own money yeah if it has this
arrangement with the central bank which
is the fraudulent show enough to call it
up just a sleight of hand
yes it's a sleight of hand between this
big banking cartel that makes money out
of nothing in exchange for bonds that we
make out of nothing in the Treasury and
so suddenly all this fake debt is made
between literally just a car it's just
one big group of people that don't
really care they the Federal Reserve
doesn't care if the United States pays
its money back it just means it's cartel
to be respected and the power of the
financial class in the financial system
to be as strong as it ever has been
which is why you see Goldman Sachs
sitting next to the president across
every administration yes so let me stop
for a sec sure
so let me explain what you're saying so
a poor nation goes to the IMF gets alone
now they're immediately in debt now they
can't pay that debt back the IMF goes
back to that country and says now you
have to sell off some of your public
space to our corporation so you can pay
your debt because you're in debt now the
United States is in debt and have turned
on 19 trillion dollars right now we're
never gonna pay that back and it doesn't
matter because as you say in the book
money is made out of thin air and they
only care about regulations and the
public perception Yeah right
and that any dominant country I mean in
the United States can extend debt to
infinity moving the goalposts as they go
along
and by 2050 you say 60% of the world
countries will be bankrupt but we'll
never be bankrupt it's just because we
print our own money well other countries
do that too mind you but the difference
is those countries aren't empires they
don't have the strength the the the the
transnational court there's 80% of all
the major transnational corporations are
us-based
so oil is a huge company I mean they
don't really care about nations anymore
as you imagine the trade agreements the
TPP but there's still some grounding to
US policy and us favoritism and of
course us political power because US
political power is really global
political power so the nest of the US
Empire is alive and well when it comes
to the merger of politics geopolitics
and of course business trade agreements
and all that stuff that's why the u.s.
is so untouchable and it could the joke
you know every couple years old we're
gonna shut down the government because
we have to increase the debt limit you
know it's such a it's a complete
comic routine you know it's like I did
not do it so yeah so that's the point
there but other countries just like the
poor of the world that suffer with debt
they do get screwed so they're the ones
that get their resources taken through
austerity and through different trade
agreements member the IMF in the rule
Bank are basically Western institutions
they are an extension of Western
hegemony they have their interest is is
the neoliberal interest which goes back
again to to a think tank years ago in
the 70s that was trying to counter
communism that said we need something to
counter communism to start to end any
kind of socialist ideology across the
world so neoliberal liberalism is our
new philosophy and we're gonna put it
out there like a religion and that's
what all these institutions do which is
why you can't have any country such as
oh I don't know almost all the Latin
American countries that have been
overthrown
and as they tried to do something
different throughout the 50s 60s and 70s
one thing I recently did to talk of was
a man named Salvador Allende from Chile
Salvador Allende was was democratically
elected
he was stern not a Marxist in the
traditional sense he didn't like the
bureaucracy of the Soviet Union he
wasn't supported by the Soviet Union but
in Chile he said okay I'm gonna turn
this around he was so sick of the u.s.
transnational corporations taking all
the resources owning all the land
us-based as they did Shido people like
John Perkins he talked about a lot of
this stuff and so he said I'm gonna
nationalize these industries and I'm
gonna set up a new a new system of
economic organization and this is an
important tidbit of history in terms of
the kind of solutions I talked about at
the end of this book in the 1970s a man
named Stafford beer he was really famous
in systems engineering all about how to
make systems work be viable as he would
call what does
mean to have a working engine that's
self-contained was it mean to have a
working economy was it mean to have a
working social system how do we approach
that subject scientifically and this is
what the work of cybernetics Stafford
beer Ross at rush a speed all these guys
that no one's ever heard of but actually
very important it's called Systems
Theory you'd call it that but it's done
they call it cybernetics there's for
many years it's it's basically it's an
interdisciplinary view of how things
work in both science and humanities it's
very deep yes and it also relates to
sociology and social social constructs
as we would imagine these are systems
they have property systems have
properties that are shared throughout
the universe in fact no metaphysics
needed there there's certain things that
that are inherent to your body that can
be emulated in the way we organize
society biomimicry but I won't you know
go too far down that road but it would
1970s he was called up by end day who
said I want you to develop a new system
for my country to figure out how we can
organize and optimize our economic flows
with my new nationalized industries
because the company the company just
bailed and Ayinde was considered the
enemy of the world at this point because
you don't do that in capitalist society
you don't you don't you'll knock out
your corporations and start
nationalizing because then they're gonna
call the Marines yeah exactly which is
what they did because he was overthrown
and he died in the overthrow but before
he died for two years he had this
amazing project called project cybersyn
cybers sin so cyber and then sy n people
can look this up it's a tidbit of
history it's been propagandized they put
a big thing in the New York Times chill
a now run by socialist computer no what
they did is they tried to figure out how
to take into account all the dynamics
and variability of a robust Galore
excuse me national economy and figure
out how to organize it as a unit not in
the bureaucracy of the Soviet Union
these guys hated that and they hated it
Stafford beer the organizer of this
hated it because it was just this big
horrible bureaucracy was extremely
inefficient
and didn't have real-time information it
didn't work as we've come to find out in
the way that it needed mean the
communist is the communist system has
known it yeah so this was the only
attempt in in in history where the
actual scientific approach things I
advocate in this book was applied and
almost almost got into fruition if the I
n day wasn't overthrown by the CIA I
mean I it's one of those moments in
history there's actually a guy that
wrote a whole book about it's in Spanish
he
a book sci-fi book to describe what
happened if it actually would work yeah
I want to read it so this is so so
you're saying and that he in Chile he
was trying to Institute what you are
prescribing as the fix to our current
system an interdisciplinary approach to
economic management that's democratized
and we have the technology to do that
back then they used telex machines at
one computer they had to engage very
crudely you know with all the people
that were organizing different areas of
Industry it's a big thing I won't go in
the details of it but what I advocate is
that we have all this amazing technology
we have the ability to communicate
instantly we have ability to track what
we're doing to say be sustainable
imagine that imagine if the industries
of our world actually cared about
tracking say rain forest depletion or
biodiversity loss and then they stopped
their behavior based upon those limits
when they're reached we don't do that we
don't have any contingency plan which is
why we're giving flying off that cliff
on this train so and we could talk about
you know the five things remember I
talked about five different transitions
at the end of the book the application
of automation the move from property to
access which we've already seen trends
