so Julian Assange is in danger now
before we get into it Steve how do you
feel about Julian Assange I mean you
have positive feelings towards him
generally positive but I don't know
enough to to talk about him you know in
any kind of detail I I know he had all
those leaks before and and he's in is he
still in Ecuador
yeah Ecuadorian Embassy yeah but they're
getting rid of them right now because
the president of Ecuador just flew to
Britain to have a meeting of over human
rights or something or the more sits to
make sure that they can take him and
anyone to Spain and the reason why they
took Julian Assange is some internet
away from him was because he was telling
the truth about what was happening in
Catalonia remember when they were wanted
for their independence and they had a
vote for it and the cops wouldn't beat
the out of people because they were
voting right
he didn't saw that right I saw that I
just wanted quote again I Chris Hedges
gosh he's such an educational show by
the way every time I read him and so the
one line that this responds to what
you're saying is he says the persecution
of Assange is part of a broad assault
against anti capitalists and
anti-imperialists news organization yes
that is so here at Glenn Greenwald this
Chris Hedges you know Chris so Greg
Glenn Greenwald wrote this today Ecuador
will imminently withdraw silent from
Julian Assange and hand him over to the
UK what comes next so inside this
article he says he makes the point that
this is really gonna make a set a
dangerous precedent that you start
prosecuting journalism and news
organizations which is what WikiLeaks is
and WikiLeaks by the way has never been
accused of printing anything that's
false
ever well the Obama administration was
eager to prosecute Assange and WikiLeaks
for publishing hundreds of thousands of
classified documents but ultimately they
concluded that there was no way to do so
without either also prosecuting
newspapers such as the New York Times
and The Guardian which also published
the same documents or create precedents
that would enable the criminal
prosecution of media outlets in the
future
so they wanted to prosecute Assange but
they knew if they did that it would all
can of worms they'd have to start
prosecuting other cut other newspapers
and it would be it would get ugly and it
would ruin wreck our First Amendment
indeed it is technically a crime under
US law for anyone including a media
outlet to publish certain types of
classified information under US law for
instance it was a felony for the
Washington Post's David Ignatius to
report on the contents of telephone
calls intercepted by the NSA that's how
we found out about Flynn well hear those
the the intercepted by the NSA between
then National Security Advisor nominee
Michael Flynn and Russia and Russian
ambassador Sergey kis lack even though
such reporting was clearly in the public
interest since it proved Flynn lied when
he denied such contact so that was still
illegal technically illegal when David
Ignatius did that for the Washington
Post that was illegal they didn't
prosecute him but the US Justice
Department has never wanted to indict
and prosecute anyone for the crime of
publishing such material contenting
themselves instead to prosecuting the
government sources who leaked it so they
prosecute leakers but they don't
prosecute publishers right so if you saw
the movie the post the big thing was the
publisher was afraid they were gonna be
prosecuted but they weren't because then
all the other papers went along with
them and you can't prosecute every paper
in the United States that's according to
that movie the post the real hero by the
way of that movie was Daniel Ellsberg
which of course the Hollywood
people overlooked their reluctance has
been due Soph the reluctance of the
Justice Department to prosecute
publishers is for two reasons first
media outlets would argue that any
attempts to criminalize the mere
publication of classified or stolen
documents is barred by the press freedom
guarantee of the First Amendment a
proposition the Department of Justice
has never wanted to test the second
thing is no Department of Justice has
wanted to
wanted as part of its legacy the
creation of a precedent that allows the
United States government to criminally
prosecute journalists and media outlets
for reporting classified documents so
those are the two reasons
the Department of Justice doesn't want
to blow up the First Amendment because
they know they would be going against
that and they never they don't want to
be seen in history as the people doing
that making prosecuting journalists a
normal thing in the United States so
that's why this court inclined this is
why this hasn't happened and but during
the Obama years it was a mainstream view
among media outlets that prosecuting
Assange would be a serious danger to
press freedoms so everybody during what
Obama was president everybody accepted
that prosecuting him would be a
dangerous precedent even the Washington
Post editorial page which vehemently
condemned WikiLeaks warned in 2010 that
any such prosecution would criminalize
the exchange of information and put at
risk all media outlets when Pompeo in
sessions last year issued their threats
to prosecute Assange former Obama the
Department of Justice spokesperson
Matthew Miller insisted that no such
prosecution could ever even succeed and
here he is on Twitter and he says it so
Jim sciutto said breaking CIA director
Pompeo it's time to call out WikiLeaks
for what it is a non-state hostile
intelligence service embedded by the
Russians and Glenn says Pompeo also
creepily vowed to end the use of free
speech values by Assange and his
colleagues how Matthew Miller so here's
that guy he said from deparment Obama's
Department of Justice he chimes in and
says it is how low Department of Justice
knows it can't win a case against
someone just for publishing secrets
which is all Julian assigns ever did was
publish government secrets that were
given to him he didn't do the hacking he
didn't do the leaking he didn't do the
anything he's the receiver of
information just like the Washington
Post was in The New York Times was when
they got the Pentagon Papers and they
published those they received documents
they didn't procure them they didn't
encourage anybody to break the law
they didn't do anything so that's what
they're trying to get julian assange on
with Chelsea Manning they were trying to
get Chelsea Manning why they tortured
Chelsea Manning was to get Chelsea to
say that Julian Assange manipulated
Chelsea into giving and was involved
before of the materials were leaks
that's what they were trying to get
Chelsea to do because then they can
prosecute him for that because then he's
involved in the conspiracy to commit a
crime against the United States
but if he's not involved with that and
all he does is receive it and publish it
that's what happens that's what happens
so there's a little bit more to this and
then we'll talk about Assange his
lawyers and his supporters always said
that he would immediately board a plane
to Stockholm if he were guaranteed that
doing so would not be used to extradite
him to the United States and for years
offered to be questioned by Swedish
investigators inside the embassy in
London something sweetest prosecutors
only did years later citing those facts
the United Nations panel ruled in 2016
that the actions of the UK government
constituted arbitrary detention and a
violation of Assange as fundamental
human rights
that's a United Nations panel ruled that
about Julian Assange and here's the
bigger point here's the bigger point and
Glenn makes it he did it on Twitter so
I'll read it to you he says one of the
key bottom lines as Ecuador prepares to
withdraw asylum from Assange and handle
him over to the UK after which the Trump
Department of Justice is highly likely
as session Sam up a Pompeo vowed to
demand his extradition to stand trial in
the US for publishing documents and he
links to a story in the inner stand that
he wrote in the intercept and here it is
and here's the important part I read
this to you we will be faced with the
bizarre spectacle of the u.s.
journalists who have spent the last two
years melodramatically expressing grave
concern over press freedom due to
insulting tweets from Donald Trump about
Wolf Blitzer and Chuck Todd or his mean
treatment of Jim Acosta possibly
cheering so we're gonna see those
journalists possibly cheering for a
precedent that would
be the gravest press freedom threat in
decades that precedent would be the one
that could easily be used to put them in
prison in a prison cell alongside
Assange for the new crime of publishing
any documents that the u.s. government
has decreed should not be published one
more it should it should not be this
difficult for journalists to set aside
their personal emotions about Assange to
recognize the profound dangers not just
to press freedoms but to themselves if
the United States government succeeds in
keeping assad's in prison for years to
come all do do its attempts to prosecute
him for publishing classified or stolen
documents so there you thread and that's
why I'm it just drives me nuts that
nobody in the United States press no.10
people be I mean won't glenn greenwald
but I'm talking about establishment
mainstream press no one says anything
like this no one ever says hey we should
back off hey you know blah blah blah
Julian Assange is just doing what we all
are supposed to be doing nobody says
that because Russia and now you know how
propaganda works now you know how the
first McCarthyism works it works just
like this they're willing to cut their
own throats to go along with the
establishment Chris Hayes is willing to
go along with the establishment cut his
own journalistic drought for $30,000 a
day and that's why they're doing that
I'll throw it over to my panel Steve
you're our guest what do you have to say
about that so when I said I didn't know
about Asajj this is what I didn't know I
didn't know people hated him yes
why do mainstream media because they say
polluted with the Russians to give us
Trump that's what they say oh oh so now
this is not from the original WikiLeaks
which got him in trouble
and had to flee to the Ecuadorian
Embassy this is a next stuff that he
leaked about the DNC and Trump aw yes
that's why they hate him okay but before
that he was fine yeah it was leaking
 about Trump I mean about Bush my
bone of war crimes that we committed
under Bush that he was a great guy yeah
as if all the evidence about the war
crimes committed weren't already evident
in
our country right you don't even say I
know you're saying stuff yes well let me
show you this
so this Rania Khalek tweeted this out
she said the show she's a friend of the
show the extradition of Hassan's the
maniacal goal of the United States
government would set a legal precedent
that would criminalize any journalistic
oversight or investigation of the
corporate state it would turn leaks and
whistleblowing in to treason and she
links to that TruthDig dot-org article
and this guy makes a great point
Charles McGinnis he says there's a weird
recursion at work here the press chided
Trump supporters for not voting in their
own interests but an but and applauding
press would not be acting in their own
self-interest to paraphrase they came
for the Washington Post and there was no
one left to op-ed for them so that's the
turn on that old phrase when they came
for the Jews I didn't say anything cuz I
wasn't a Jew well when they came for the
press they didn't say anything cuz
there's no one left they already got you
and if you're telling Trump supporters
you're voting against their own
interests aren't the press doing the
exact same thing when they chair on the
prosecution of Julian Assange aren't
they doing that against their own
interests yes they are yes they are
I'm so confused by why that's press is
hostile towards Assange because they
love the DNC and they didn't want the
hey Trump because they hate Trump that's
why see so they blame Assange for
getting Trump elected yes oh my god
different level of stupidity which is
the reason why I can quite yeah what
they're thinking yes it's it's Julian
it's which is why Randy credit Kobe came
who's a friend of this show became such
a major figure because Roger stone said
that credit Co was his back channel to
Assange so if they can prove that then
they can prove that the Trump campaign
through stone was working with the sons
to wiki and with so do you see the way
that's important but Randy credit Co
while he did have contact with Assange
and had him on his show plenty of times
it did go over to the embassy and me
with him via Bentley denies any
communication of rum
Assange to stone there was no connection
it was stone wining a connection and it
was never he was never given right
access to Julian Assange was never given
by Randy cretak oh so that's why they
keep but it's in stones interest to make
people think so so because that keeps
his name in the going and he's important
and so guys like our remember keep
having guys like Randy credit go on to
talk about this story because if they
can can if they can connect and they're
trying to get Randy to slip up and maybe
he'll say something and we'll make news
and then we can connect
WikiLeaks with the Trump campaign that's
what that's about
and so that's why people are hating on
him and I mean you you haven't seen guys
like David corn tweeted a tweet a
retweeted Rand Paul's tweet about Russia
and called him a traitor just said
traitor call who a traitor Paul David
corn David caught hard Rand Paul
straight a traitor just traitor that was
it that's a journalist who's supposed to
be a lefty calling a sitting senator a
traitor because he has a different view
on how we should handle the Russia thing
that I mean that's how far we are
through I know Steve you don't you know
you're a busy guy you're out doing
business I'm the one watching Twitter
and I'm the one who just amazed its
amazed what's happening well I just want
to go back to the whole thing how
horrifying this really is this is
horrifying it is to to the press this is
horrifying and especially you know we've
existed and we've all read the articles
of what they did to Chelsea Manning in
prison in America under Barack Obama
that's right under somebody who was
supposed to have a level head and I'm
already you know we already know how
destructive our prison system is we
already know so if they want to put
Assange in prison and lock him away
it's kind of just it's him
I just want to lock him yes that's all
this is
yes stuff this is again this is all
propaganda and you see you know I mean
the WikiLeaks revealed the Pied Piper
strategy for F sake and all the media
went along with the Clintons ed Schultz
asserted before he died and show
certain that the and ELAC was joined at
the hip
with the Clinton campaign auntie lack
the head of NBC News which is why Ed got
fired when he wanted to cover Bernie
Sanders I mean this isn't this is real
 this and then now they're hiring
CIA guys right out in the open are you
 kidding me
things aren't more up I think
then you realize Steve because you know
you're a busy well I just don't watch
mainstream media so I I wasn't aware of
all these things that are happening I
just can't believe journalists could be
so short-sighted to allow this lynching
of Assange for doing what journalists do
what you're supposed to do it's just
amazing it is amazing you know and I
just want to point out too because I I'm
just kind of grappling with this whole
thing it's awful it's nefarious is scary
it's scary if you're not sure how scary
this is this is terrifying but I was
also thinking about Petraeus and how
Petraeus he really did give all
classified information right here you
know with its mix of sex and government
secrets a trial promised to be
uncomfortably tawdry affair fair for the
government and they preferred to avoid
it and you know what he ended up doing
in the end he pleaded guilty last a
couple years ago to misdemeanor charge
of mishandling mishandling classified
material
of course because he's a general but if
you're a petty officer out of the
nuclear submarine you take a picture of
a selfie of yourself then we'll put you
in jail for that which they did but
Petraeus who literally gave classified
documents to somebody he was having sex
with who was a journalist by the way a
writer he gave classified documents to
is not in jail in fact he get an
establishment pops him up he has a job
teaching at the New York University a
part of his agreement he Petraeus
admitted that he improperly removed and
retain highly sensitive information in
secret in eighth personal notebooks that
he gave you his sex partner Brad well
his sex partner and that's you that's
that that's your mr. integrity and I
have
he's retired with his full oh I'm gonna
get I'm sure he gets his pension and the
hosts full everything and he I'm sure he
does speaking gigs everywhere and nobody
ever introduces him as the guy who gave
away state secrets to the blade he was
banging its general petraeus so does
david korn say he said true no david
korn does not say that Petraeus is a
traitor as far as I know he doesn't and
David you know this this Hillary this
2016 election really revealed a lot of
people for who they are and David corn
it reveals himself to be that kind of a
simple-minded guy with very little
integrity and and certainly no dignity
everybody at embassies and MSNBC
revealed themselves to be tools willing
tools for 30 grand a day and the ones
who weren't got fired it revealed
everybody at the New York Times watch
the posts they didn't have to reveal
that we already know that they're
already on board with the
military-industrial complex and they're
sixteen store- Bernie stories and
sixteen hours you remember that's the
watch to boast so it this really
revealed and that's why we're in such a
shitstorm that's why the country we're
now have the biggest income inequality
since the times of the Pharaohs is
because our fourth the state is really
no longer the fourth the state they got
bought by the people they're supposed to
be investigating and putting in
jail they now work for the criminal
organizations that have over this
country which is why half the country's
poor low income 63% of Americans can't
afford $1,000 emergency 30 million
birkin still don't have goddamn health
care in the richest country in the
 world that's why because our
press sucks so hard and they gave you
