hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guests with us in
studio it's justin santo pietro which is
italian by the way and he's wanted for
congress in Virginia's nights district
he was a staffer for the Elizabeth
Warren's Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau that was her she championed and
he's worked on dozens of current public
policy issues including health care
natural resources consumer protection
and financial services here he is Justin
Santo Pietro hi Justin hey guys it's
great to be here so I you I've been told
by Ron pleco that you're a progressive
mm-hmm right and what makes you a
progressive I guess that we we see that
the role of government is to make
material improvements in people's lives
and that's sort of how I put it in a
nutshell and that means that a
government exists for the majority of
the people not just a special interests
and the people who have connections into
Washington and so ideally if this our
democracy works right that is what the
government is doing it's looking out for
the needs of the majority of its people
it's not hampered by people with money
so yeah I mean that's what that's what
everybody says yeah so how was your
message different well I guess I come I
come to it from a more rural background
I grew up in a rural area people who are
who used to call themselves Democrats in
many ways but have since been turned off
by a lot of the things that you talk
about NAFTA CAFTA these bad trade deals
and just the general movement of the
Democratic Party toward the center on
economic issues in becoming more of a
white collar party so I try I'm trying
to sort of bring it back to that rural
blue-collar roots that were so
successful for guys like FDR Kennedy
Johnson they all went there they all
campaign there and this was a
cornerstone for Democrats well we go
back to just talking about almost
exclusively the issues that make a
material difference in people's lives
and of course the number one thing that
everyone always tells us is health care
Justin what are you gonna do about
health care it's a disaster not only is
it extremely expensive but in rural
areas like ours we don't even have the
providers there the doctors are leaving
the hospitals we've have two hospitals
closing down and sometimes people have
to get airlifted just to get basic
procedures done if they're an emergency
so rural America is dying off because of
this disastrous system the insurance
companies are all consolidating so you
have like one insurer in some of these
counties and so your solution to that
problem would be yes so I am I'm
proposing a Medicare for All system as a
lot of people are I don't call it
single-payer necessarily because I don't
so I'll be other insurance and you know
a lot of unions especially have worked
very hard for their private insurance
plan so I don't see any room at all yes
so I'm a big proponent Medicare for all
I have a plan on my website I've set up
basically three ways that we can open up
eligibility for the Medicare system
federal Medicare the first is for
veterans I think every veterans just get
sent to Medicare card they have the VA
currently but as we know sometimes the
VA is run into problems they have too
many people writing lines why create a
new bureaucracy exactly we can get we've
always keep saying oh we're gonna
modernize the VA we're going to revamp
it we're gonna do this hey why don't we
just do that's a great idea we just give
our veterans Medicare cards right and
then they can go to any doctor they want
right exactly they know wherever they
want whatever's close to their house
take a long drive so okay so that's a
great idea so what's your two other
ideas yeah so the second tier is for
people currently on Medicaid under the
federal expansion you know Medicaid is
good it definitely helps people but it's
never been great it's always been you
know bare-bones
it pays the doctors sometimes not enough
they take Medicaid so my plan is to
basically fulfill LBJ and Kennedy's
dream which was to have them all in one
program they actually split them up in
65 because the political was going on
civil rights Vietnam really yeah it's
Johnson determined they didn't have the
political capital to just push Medicare
for all so they said elderly will get
Medicare and the poor will give the
state-based Medicaid program okay better
than nothing but it's never really
worked well and especially now we're
seeing in these red states like mine in
Virginia refusing to take the Medicaid
expansion so people in our state have to
be this basically broke destitute to
qualify so what I'm saying is let's
let's take Medicaid and make it into
federal programs so those who are
Medicaid now will also get a Medicare
card just like anyone who's currently
joining but they won't pay a premium
like everyone else would because they
don't have the means so that's sort of
the second tier and then the third tier
is the public option the buy-in whatever
you want to call it or anyone who wants
can buy into Medicare you pay a monthly
premium just like anyone else but
there's no deductible
there's no lifetime caps none of that
crap it's Medicare just like everyone
else gets you have the same exact card
with your name on it blah blah blah you
go to a doctor the doctor knows they're
gonna get paid they treat you end of
story okay so that's uh that sounds like
a progressive plan which is why you'll
never hear Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi ad
or stuff like that Ron you have any
questions yeah so what stuck out to me
about you when I first saw your website
you use a lot of conservative buzzwords
lately like Liberty freedom you don't
want the government let like a for
instance you said something like I
believe that you know the government
shouldn't be over imposing on your life
which is usually kind of a conservative
message but then you spin everything to
have this ultra progressive message like
you're like I don't believe in the
government imposing on people's lives
so what you did was uh what you did was
you then said and when you have a
government that serves the one percent
that's imposing on people's right right
so first of all was that deliberate and
second like are you seeing some success
with that in the heartland yeah I mean
I've I've been you know studying and
listening politics for a long time and I
came to the conclusion when I was pretty
young that people who are on the other
side and have certain beliefs are
basically they think that you know
Democrats and progressives are their
enemy just because of the verbage that's
used by people you know like Fox News
and right right-wing radio they're very
smart about this they use their words
very carefully right and they're very
charged and Trump knew exactly how to do
this yeah than anyone so you can use
that link you can sort of in some ways
hijack that language that they're used
to hearing and say hey this is what we
believe too but we have a way of
actually executing it so it ends up in
your favor it's not just a bait and
switch like the other side uses right so
you know Liberty is Liberty freedom
these are words that people people like
us care about just as much but
we also we tend to apply to our personal
lives and we don't want government get
the government can't get involved in
your personal life even if somehow the
right-wingers wanted it to right it's
it's not something that is within the
scope of the Constitution and that sort
of thing so I always say hey we can come
to agree on a lot more things than we
think if we use the words right if we
just pitch them to people correctly and
I think Bernie did a lot of that too so
right right now the Democrats they
purged progressives from the DNC they
stay there they're now they're screwing
over Stephen Jaffe who's running against
Nancy Pelosi they're doing the same kind
of thing you know it seems like if
you're a progressive you have to fight
against the Democrats first people you
get to fight against the Republicans
what is your plan to fight against a
Democrat well the interesting thing
about my district is that the Democratic
Party has been so basically wiped out in
areas like mine that there really isn't
much of an establishment at all although
I've been able to you know read your
district yeah so our district actually
was represented by a Democrat for the
majority 35 the last 50 years but like
other parts of the South that Tea Party
wave in 2010 we got a tea party guy in
there and he's been there since and the
party just hasn't been strong as strong
as it used to be until this year now
it's building back up because of
progressive groups like indivisible and
you know all these other things that are
springing up that it brought that energy
back so now that's why we think it's
possible this year we're not expecting
any help from the D Triple C or the DNC
they don't see district like ours as
competitive you know the number
crunchers up there say yeah it's not
winnable so they're not gonna intrude
which can be a good thing in our case
because we don't have to deal with them
so we can run our own campaigns of what
we want okay so you don't have a
d-triple-c corporate funded primary
right exactly
yeah in some areas of even Virginia do
but ours doesn't okay so how is your
challenger do you have a primary yeah so
we have one primary challenger on he ran
in 2012 and lost by 22 points so you
know I'm trying to this is my home
district this is people in place I love
and I hate seeing it in the condition
it's in I mean we've seen all these
articles about Appalachia and the
struggles of coal communities it's a
travesty these people have worked so
hard their whole lives
literally power the East Coast and
they've gotten the short end of the
stick for so what do you think those
people well you know I used to say why
are they keep voting against their own
interests and voting Republican but you
know either way now it's against your
own interests all right how do you
appeal those people I mean aren't they
turned off by probably I think that's
why the Tea Party had such a big way
because they promised to reform the
party they didn't right but that's what
people want now I want reform and it
seems impossible yeah what do you how
did how can you make a reform like you
know so so anything you want to do Chuck
Schumer is gonna stand in them in their
in your way right so that's what I don't
understand like how do you get past the
donor class which has a stranglehold on
the party well because at the end of the
day I think they want to win and so if
you can show that progressives can win
on an unabashedly progressive platform
maybe some of those people will their
heads will sort say hey maybe this will
work because it's not been done before
there's never been a case where an
actual progressive was a candidate and
ran and was allowed to run and and win
every time that these these Democrats
lose in these swing states like you know
Indiana or or Kansas they're always sort
of centrist corporate Republicans that's
which nobody wants right so nobody wants
this so it's the old saying when they're
given the choice between a Republican
and a Republican they choose the right I
mean had it all along and so do you
think you'll be the Democratic nominee
we're feeling pretty strong about it we
have some big colleges universities in
our district that have really never been
super engaged in the process so we're
hoping to bring out a lot of college
students to vote in a primary which is
hard but we think we'll be able to do it
because the energy is there this year
and then our primary is really late it's
in June so we have so once we get the
nomination hopefully we'll have about
four months to go till the general and
and that'll be full steam so so how do
you get those college kids involved yeah
it's just so you talk about issues that
are relevant which I think the top two
things are cannabis legalization and
student debt so in Virginia we have no
like nothing is legal in terms of
marijuana cannabis not medical that
might change in our legislature now but
as of now nothing is legal and that's
just an absurdity as we know and it's so
illegal at the federal level which is
why a lot of these businesses can't even
use banks they have to stick with iash
so you're first are you for like a
national law making it legal yeah so I
think it's time to amend the drug laws
so marijuana is off the list
you know I any use of it doesn't matter
just this is ridiculous we're probably a
great waitress yeah it'd be a great way
to the Democrats to kind of throw the
Republicans but believe me Tom Perez
will never be from well is hard I know
it's hard to I mean people with their
Joe Kennedy's and the pip is in bed with
that's their that's their big hope
that's it's unbelievable especially in
where we live the opioid addiction is
insane it is insane we talked to a guy
the other day who was got caught with
marijuana was on probation and because
he could pass a drug test by taking
opioids that's how he got hooked on him
cause he couldn't use marijuana the way
he had been and he was an opioid addict
for three years from that one pill
that's what started him off and there
the pills are so they're drowning in
pills they don't even need he said they
don't even need to use heroin because
the oxycodones and all that is so easy
to get it's gross and it's ruining so
many people's lives and and if that
cannabis had been there beforehand maybe
well they've done studies for cannabis
is legal the the right all that the
oxycontin's and the fight at the
vicodins are the opioid use goes down in
heroin too so that's that's what I've
been reading right so in your experience
the number one priority for college
students isn't Russia gate like hey I
don't have to listen to my psych
professor I think he's a Kremlin agent
that hasn't know you know Jimmy every
time we every campaign stop we go the
first question is Russia what are you
gonna do so Larry Israel it's extremely
relevant to everybody's life so they're
very worried about it so again this yeah
but that's it's insane how that the
cable news only talk but I don't think
you understand Justin there were 13
Twitter BOTS in Russia's somewhere that
overcame the six billion dollar five
billion dollars in free media that MSNBC
and NBC and ABC gave to that empty
podiums at the ratings yeah yeah so how
do you come down on and fight for 15
yeah well I I put I don't even say that
it's raising the minimum wage because
really it isn't it's just ajust it for
inflation for some reason the minimum
wage is one thing in federal law that
isn't tied to inflation everything else
is the prices that people get Social
Security Medicare all those payments are
tied to inflation but the minimum wages
and so we give having to wait for this
Congress get their act together to raise
it and it takes like ten years in
between each time they raise it enough
of this tight raise it to 15 that's a
one-time inflation adjustment tie it to
inflation from then on and forget about
it we never have to have these endless
fights in Congress so who is the current
Congress person in the eighth District
in Virginia right so it's it's a tea
party right winger named Morgan Griffith
he's so little
what why would someone who lives in the
8th district the regular now I'm talking
about it I'm not talking about a rich
person I'm talking about a regular
blue-collar worker person why would that
person vote for him instead of you well
honestly it's because the Democrats
haven't gotten their act together in the
past put up you know tough candidates so
that's why I'm going for now because I
think this type of message can really
appeal to people regardless of where
they say they are on the spectrum I
don't care they say they're conservative
Republican doesn't matter to me I'm
still going to come out with this
platform and tell people what do you
think of this you know let me know and
if you like it support me yeah I mean
well the majority of Trump even Trump
voters favor daca the majority of the
Republicans favor single-payer right so
it's like these are winning issues that
you can't get the Democrats to stand up
for so I think if you could do that like
well I don't understand why like what's
the thing that is it because they're
afraid the Democrats gonna take their
guns away yeah so we've heard you know
this is a big issue as tons of people
said you know I'm a liberal but I just
don't want my government take away my
guns and so I understand that when
you're living in a rural area and you
know this is something that's important
to your life culturally or whatever
that's something that people think about
so you know I can say hey you know I
totally understand where you're coming
from I'm not foreign to the gun culture
that's what we grew up with but here's a
whole host of other issues that you have
to think about when you vote right you
can't just be a single-issue voter
that's just not what our founding
fathers have mine
right very good yeah okay well any more
questions any more questions we're good
well let's just incent Santo Pietro did
I say correct that's good santo pietro
thank you for coming in and good luck
turn in that district red to blue and I
hope you give the corporate Democrats a
real kick in the ass thanks Jimmy thanks
guys
[Music]
