have a buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the political
vigilante Graham Elwood and the
miserable liberal how we doin good
so I've showed you this before I'm gonna
show it again I've showed you this video
many times here's Nancy Pelosi after
being completely wiped out by the
Republicans and losing the Trump the
most traumatic loss in the history of
the Democratic Party they lost to a
political novice here's what she said
the Democratic Party is in a moment of
questioning about its identity you were
reelected to lead the Democrats in the
House what do you tell Democrats who
want a new direction and and then go to
you what are you gonna do differently
well I don't think that people want a
new direction
aren't values unify on center but I just
said I want a new direction no no we
just said we want a new direction no you
don't you don't want they don't I don't
want that no so the New York Times is
they they went actually to Milwaukee to
talk to people in Wisconsin because
Hillary lost Wisconsin to see how they
felt about it how they voted and many in
Milwaukee's neighborhood didn't vote and
don't regret it I've said this a million
times people wag their finger the
corporate Democrats wag their finger at
people like me who voted for a third
party when half the country doesn't
bother the vote because the Democrats
suck so much so again you're blaming the
powerless instead of the powerful it's
it's the politicians fault when half the
country doesn't vote that's not the
that's not a problem with your
electorate that's your electorate being
depressed they didn't vote and they
don't regret it you want to hear half of
the people in the country didn't show up
for the election half of all eligible
voters half of all eligible voters so
much more than half the country didn't
vote half of all eligible voters didn't
vote and Wisconsin is a state that
Hillary Clinton thought she was just
gonna win she didn't go and campaign
there and because according to the New
York Times it has the nation's highest
rate of voter participation
this year's sixty-eight point three
percent of the registered voters
actually showed up to vote
which is that that sounds like a high
number right but by local standards it
was a disappointment the lowest turnout
in 16 years
and those no-shows were important mr.
Trump won the state by just 27,000
voters and who do you think didn't vote
was it the rich people who were doing
well off neoliberalism well turns out
the biggest drop was here in district 15
a stretch of fading wooden homes
sandwich shops and fast-food restaurants
that is 84 percent black in this
district voter turnout declined by
almost 20 percent according to Neil
Albrecht he's the executive director of
the City of Milwaukee Elections
Commission so Milwaukee's lowest income
neighborhoods that's where the decline
was that's where the decline was
according to the New York Times it is
home to some of Milwaukee's poorest
residents and according to a 2016
documentary Milwaukee 530 206 has one of
the nation's highest per capita
incarceration rates huh and he wanted
them to come out and vote for Hillary
Clinton who made sure those
incarceration rates were high
super-predators the crime bill you know
I'm talking about money from the private
prison industry Barack Barack Obama
keeping marijuana scheduled one drug
making sure all those people stay in
jail because of it so then they went to
or they go to a the reporter for the New
York Times when tube so they went to a
barber shop in Milwaukee in that in that
district and asked them questions
so at upper upper cuts that's the name
of it a bustling barber shop and green
trimmed wooden house they talk of
politics inevitably comes back to one
man Barack Obama mr. Obama's elections
infused many here with the feeling with
a feeling of connection to national
politics that they had never before
experienced but their lives have not
gotten appreciably better and sourness
has set in well we already voted for a
black guy with a muzzle name we already
voted for a guy they said was a
socialist and
screwed us nothing got everything got
worse 8 years 8 years 18 years never
stood up for a union in those eight
years never you would think that the the
poor community specifically the black
communities would be so much better
right no no not Ferguson happened under
robots right I mean some militarization
of the police departments happened under
Obama it's like it was two wars to seven
under Obama income inequality exploded
under Barack Obama open the Artic to
drilling twice under Barack Obama made
the bank's bigger under Barack Obama
okay I could keep going Flint water I
mean yes Standing Rock we could keep
going frack yes but he got the Nobel
Peace Prize their lives have not gotten
app recently better and sourness has set
in I thought it was because of
like me I thought it was because of
nightclub comedians and Jill Stein I
know it's actually a result of your
policies really that couldn't be we
don't have to change no it's sexist burn
bros sexist burn gets me with the sexism
it was the bernie bros it was WikiLeaks
Russia it was James Comey right does
Russia it was Russia that those people's
don't vote it's cuz of Russia right cuz
sourness is set in no because they lived
through a black president for eight
years and they see it's we went
to the beach said man and Sabir a 38 and
owner of the juice kitchen a brightly
painted shop a few blocks down West
North Avenue using a metaphor to
describe the emotion after mr. Obama's
election he said that we went to the
beach that's what it felt like and then
eight years happened eight years of
nothing except things getting worse all
for barbers had voted for mr. Obama but
only two could muster the enthusiasm to
vote this time and even then it was sort
of a protest one wrote wrote in mrs.
Clinton some Democratic opponent Bernie
Sanders and the other wrote in himself
so there you got for Barack Obama voters
none of them
holding for Hillary Clinton two of them
don't even bother to vote up but to show
up to vote and the two that do both
third party I would love but it's but
it's I'm sure it's still nightclub
comedians I'm sure it's still Susan
Sarandon yeah I'm sure it's somebody
else with no money and no power and
whenever you hear someone doing that
blending people like me or blaming
people like Susan Sarandon or Jill Stein
you know those people are not to be
trusted or listened to anymore
I'd love to see some of these privileged
white lady of you know neo liberals
going to this barbershop and talk that
mess that's what I'll just say no don't
just say it on Twitter I want to see
Debra Messing go into that barber shop
we're step from Messing who can't vote
blame Susan Sarandon enough I want her
to go into there and say you should have
voted for Hillary yeah go in there I
want Debbie wasserman-schultz to show up
yeah yeah oh yeah that's great
gets better this article this is really
great work by the New York Times I you
know I I bust them when they do it wrong
which is most of the time but here they
are doing a good job so I'm so numb said
John Toni 45 who had written in mr.
Sanders he said no president in his
lifetime had done anything to improve
the lives of black people including mr.
Obama who we voted for twice it's like I
should have known this would happen
we're worse off than before we're worse
off but still it's Russia
I bet it's Russia it has nothing to do
with your neoliberal policies right has
nothing to do with your corporatism has
nothing to do with that right they
admitted that they could not complain
too much only two of them had voted but
there were no regrets I don't feel bad
mr. Fleming said trimming a mustache
Milwaukee is tired both of them were
terrible they never do anything for us
anyway
this is why you have Trump it's not
because of Russia not because of Bernie
bros james comey wikileaks jimmy dore
susan sarandon or Jill Stein it's
because the Democratic Party has failed
the country failed eight years of Barack
Obama made worse slightly less
worse than it would have been under
Republicans one exception was a guy
named Justin Babar who said he voted for
mr. Trump as a protest against mrs.
Clinton he blamed her husband's policies
for putting him in prison for twenty
years
oh I wonder why they won't vote for me
oh but Jimmy that sexist to say that
that the wife of the husband is that
sexist to say though right as for the
claims of racism that have dogged mr.
Trump mr. bubar wasn't worried it's
better than smiling to my face but going
behind closed doors and voting against
our kids these aren't this is straight
from the mouths of the people who didn't
elect Hillary Clinton who she thought
was gonna vote for her her firewall her
firewall her firewall said her firewall
said f you why because she put him in
prison and then she shipped their jobs
out of the country with the with the
NAFTA and then she wanted to do with the
TPP at the time they were trying to get
those people to vote for her Barack
Obama was pushing the TPP at the top of
his lungs ignoring his base again and
then you lost the Trump but it doesn't
matter that they lost it Trump they're
okay with it you don't get that that's
what people don't get and people who wag
their finger at me and Susan Sarandon
don't get that again it's easier to be
angry at someone with no power than it
is to get mad at the people who actually
have power so you're telling me that
Barack Obama could have spent money
helping social program is article just
any American about what a public option
how about any of that but instead he
dropped 26,000 171 Rockets in 2016
in 2016 alone how much money was that
just the 2016 rocket budget right tell
me what that is just this last bombing
they did in Syria they could have paid
to repipe Flint three times over yep
three or four times uh-huh
and you wonder why we have Trump as
president he's still wondering I bet
it's because of somebody with no money
and no power like me or you or staff or
Jill Stein yeah let's blame them Green
Party yeah yeah the Green Party that's
always been here mm-hmm
that's what we blame them in 2001
another Democrat ran another shitty
campaign so let's blame the little old
green party it's like blaming a farmers
market if the Green Party at yes if the
Green Party actually had this much power
you'd think that the powerful people
would try to woo them yeah it was that
way and they put it they put someone in
office if they had this much fun in
power so if you need our votes what
you're supposed to do is come get them
if you need those guys votes what she
did you're supposed to go get their
votes she didn't she offered them
nothing she offered she offered them up
of a single-payer health care system
that will never come to pass and her
slogan was I'm with her I'm with her
she's not with you she's really letting
you know that she's really just
concerned about herself and not the
concerns of yours anybody in Milwaukee
definitely not concerned about that yeah
I'm not with you guys working as barbers
in an economically depressed area some
of you who went to prison as a result of
my husband's policies that I backed
publicly I'm not for you you better be
for me and if you're not then you must
hate women
oh well I do hate women go that's why I
voted for Jill Scott yeah I know
oh she's a my plan but you you're you
hate you hate smart powerful women oh
 she's a doctor I'm an in sell
involuntary celibate oh okay that's a
new thing
you know that right oh really oh yeah
it's better I just well maybe we'll do a
video about it but that guy who killed
all those people in Toronto was an
insult oh boy
you know I know with a car okay that's
why and it's so obvious even the New
York Times knows it even they know it
the New York time there's just one time
when the corporate media starts to kind
of get it right I go wow oh maybe you
guys this is amazing well it just goes
to show you they know yeah they know
better they don't want to accept it
because if they accept it this is called
cognitive dissonance of the ruling class
because if they accept it they'll have
to change but they don't want to change
and they don't care if they lose to the
Republicans you got to understand this
it's actually almost better for them
because then you need them more that's
what they're trying to push except
people are done with the Democrats now
look at those guys forty-one percent of
the people in Iowa who voted in the
Democratic primary call themselves
socialists I bet you that numbers up two
years later I bet it is too it's only
gonna go up yeah think about that in
Iowa it's not in San Francisco or New
York Manhattan
that's Seattle then some liberal place
that's in a bubble Iowa forty-one
percent of the primary voters in the
Democratic primary in Iowa call
themselves socialists if you would have
just asked me to guess I would have put
the number at under 10 percent me too
maybe 15 maybe Maui yeah no way what I
said it 40 no way there you go but the
Democrats but it's my spot it's probably
my fault I'll try to do better next next
election our next live Jimmy Dore show
is July 1st in Portland Oregon there's a
link for tickets for all of our live
shows right there and if you can
remember please take a moment to make
sure you're subscribed to the show it
only takes a second you probably think
you're subscribed but you probably
aren't just make sure you subscribe
click that bell so they send you a
notice
when we drop a video otherwise they
won't tell you and if you become a
premium member or a patreon we give you
hours of bonus material every week and
we do a live chat every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time where you can ask us
questions and we'll answer them plus her
on steam it we're steaming it right now
[Music]
