hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
have special guests with us Abby Martin
from Empire files is with us
whoo I said it right yeah hi Abby how
are you fantastic awesome to be on Jimmy
okay and where can people find you
Empire files dot TV media roots radio
with my brother Robby and my art site
Abby Martin gorg oh look at that
fantastic you have a lock out there you
have an art side yeah I do art - I'd
love to give you guys some I didn't know
about yeah I have to look into it well
you have done some reporting on
Venezuela and you know I'm Way more
about it than me or probably anybody
else in the US media so I'm gonna show
here's and NBC filed this report I think
just yesterday so we'll watch it it's
very short and then we'll talk about
what's happening in Venezuela you know
and the u.s. is dealing with the ripple
effects of another kind of crisis this
one in Venezuela where a crippled
economy has thousands of people leaving
that country in search of a better life
Kerry Sanders has more on that it looks
like a marathon but that's a march of
the desperate crowds on a bridge walking
from Venezuela to Colombia in search of
food they will pull me that what that
one may have seen it this woman says we
don't have food we don't have medicines
in oil-rich Venezuela anger towards the
government simmering for more than a
decade is now on the rise the opposition
seeking to remove president Nicolas
Maduro from office say Maduro and his
predecessor ago Chavez are to blame the
crisis for life's basic necessities
producing a crime wave and increasingly
Venezuelans losing hope headed to the
United States US government statistics
revealed more than 12,000 Venezuelans
visiting the US last year opted to
overstay their visas rather than return
Victoria lazada came here two years ago
legally leaving behind family and
friends in search of the bare
necessities food soap soap right right
toothpaste to ride bicycle things
basketball things that you need to leave
Copa he was up again for tea at a
warehouse in Miami Venice way
refugees come in search of help
donations here give folks like Audrianna
Molina what's needed to set up a new
life we arrived with two suitcases
filled with dreams and hope
Patricia Andrade who left on a swale of
30 years ago now runs the Venezuela
awareness foundation they don't have
money to buy basic things for example
plates coffeemaker they don't have
nothing one reason so many come to
Florida with so little money is the
Venezuelan government only allows its
citizens to bring $300 cash and spend
only $700 on their credit cards which
means whatever wealth they may have is
left back in Venezuela Kerry Sanders NBC
News Miami okay so that's the NBC now
let me ask you you've been to Venezuela
now everyone always loves to say oh look
you like socialism look at Venezuela I
always say I know I look at Denmark and
so tell me why in an oil-rich country
with a leftist government our people why
is that happening yeah there's a lot of
levels here what the US media always
paints the corporate media always paints
it it's a failure of these populist
policies that were enacted by Chavez and
and and further you know put in place by
Maduro that that's completely erroneous
and fallacious on its face we can look
at places like Cuba for example we've
had a socialist policy right that I've
actually been able to export doctors
around the world and has some of the you
know lowest rates have been from
mortality etc you look at the actual
facts on the ground there's several
layers here the poor people of Venezuela
support the government the elections are
actually free and fair despite the
dictatorship mantra that we hear from
the corporate media all the time and the
political establishment you know you
have to ask yourself why when the Trump
administration Obama administration and
the entire neoliberal corporate media
actually is behind a policy of regime
change you have to start to ask
questions why is that you said it
yourself Venezuela's sitting on top of
the largest oil reserves in the world
they basically been crippled with the
same problem that all of Latins
America has been you know ravaged by
centuries of colonialism not able to
stand on its own two feet relying too
much on an import/export economy where
they basically relied too much and and
heavily subsidized their economy on oil
exports and so an oil plummeted they've
been trying to figure out how to get
their economy back on its two feet the
problem is that the US has been has
enacted a policy of regime change since
Hugo Chavez got elected in 1999 not only
did the Bush administration work with
the Venezuelan opposition in order to
install a bloody coup in 2003 where they
kidnapped Hugo Chavez at the barrel of a
gun
and actually you saw the opposition's
hand at play when that happened they
immediately installed a new constitution
and it came along with privatizing the
oil at the time so that's that's what we
saw back in 2003 and since then the US
has given 50 million dollars to the
Venezuelan opposition Trump
administration Obama administration
meets with the Venezuelan opposition
members LASEK repeatedly I like to look
at Chile it's Salvador Allende back in
1973 when we installed a bloody coup
obviously Pinochet ruled a horrifying
dictatorial rule we're you know
thousands and thousands of people were
killed the CIA had a policy of regime
change there - like John Perkins says
before you send in the jackals and and
overthrow these leaders you try to
completely destroy their economy right
and we had a policy that said make their
economies scream that was the CIA policy
in Chile back in the 70s they're doing
the exact same thing to Venezuela and
I'm look it's very complicated
my partner of my prisoners did a
complete evisceration of John Oliver
talking about just all the tired tropes
about Venezuela the economy it's a
two-sided narrative it's either the
failure of the socialist policies
they've take the economy or you talk to
actual Venezuelans on the ground who are
in actually the barrios the poorer areas
because this is a class warfare on its
head you talk to those poor people and
they say look that the media is actually
distorting everything big capitalists
are actually hoarding goods you see a
it's not just socialist there's private
corporations there - they have hoarded a
lot of goods
the inflation is skyrocketing because of
this hoarding because there's an
economic war being perpetrated by huge
capitals in the country one of the CEOs
controls a company called Pilar he's a
trump esque guy who's very vehemently
anti Maduro works openly with these
opposition members with an open policy
of regime change so when I was there I
went to supermarkets I went around to
about 8 different neighborhoods poor
middle-class wealthier and saw with my
own eyes there is no general shortage of
food there is a shortage of particular
food items oil flour very basic
necessities like that girl was saying we
don't have basic things like toothpaste
toilet paper why why are just specific
things missing yet you can find fruit
meat like all of these other things you
can find at a supermarket in fact I
found paper towels and napkins yet no
toilet paper and it becomes a little bit
more clear that there's specific items
being withheld being hoarded while
bandulus by the kappa's or being shipped
out to Colombia like they said currency
I'm smuggling there's a huge black
market crisis there where you can take
in a dollar bill and and you get $20 off
a dollar so so let me get back to that
Pilar is that well hell are so that was
so that company what are they what are
they withholding from the market do you
know yes so they they actually are
responsible for multiple items in the
food basket that is that is given by the
government there's a massive economic or
food subsidy ssin program called clap
where the lowest and most impoverished
communities are actually subsidized with
food staples every month by the
government and in that food basket are
the items that poll are actually
produces now people have argued with me
and they're like of course capitalists
are not going to you know because
there's price controls set by the
government and you're expecting people
to just you know comply with these pice
controls so there's two sides of the
story but the problem is Jimmy that
we're only getting one side we're not
getting this side that what is the u.s.
doing to foment this and it's not just
the economic war being waged by these
capitalists it's the sanctions it's the
fact that the u.s. working with the
Venezuelan opposition has prevented
Venezuela from getting loans so photos
half its debt so what does the United
States use so when a Shabbos B got in
power uh what was what's the rationale
for now we need regime change what what
did they say that he's a dictator or
that he's up he's committing human
rights violations or ease of both those
things so yeah they've always said
Chavez is a dictator you know I always
like to say the Empire doesn't forgive
and it doesn't forget
so when Chavez said you know sulfur was
here and he said a bunch of stuff about
Bush that he called Bush the devil I
mean they had a very very tumultuous and
tenuous relationship and I and I think
that aside from that obviously aside
from the fact that they're sitting on
the largest oil reserves in the world it
was the actual socialist policies that
were put in place by Chavez that
uplifted these invisible voices people
that had been rendered invisible by the
oleg arks by the ruling oleg arks for
centuries in that country I mean we're
talking about an economy that literally
was on the brink of complete collapse
when you go shabbos got elected
democratically thousands of people were
being massacred in the street so he gets
elected basically seen seen the ruins
that Venezuela was going into has
millions of poor people behind him
indigenous afro Venezuelans impoverished
people he gave a voice to those people
that had never had one before that were
rendered invisible and basically that's
what we're seeing today a basic class
struggle where you know on the streets
there's tens of thousands of people
protesting against the government
predominantly white middle class a
little bit more wealthy tens of
thousands of people supporting the
government poor Afro Venezuelan but what
but what Chavez put in place I mean
we're talking about drastic drastic
measures that basically completely
uplifted the the poor I mean cutting
infant mortality basically Venezuela
today still despite this economic crisis
has the second lowest homelessness rate
in the entire hemisphere really yeah so
let me ask you this question do you
think that so the United States wants to
overthrow the leftist government because
they want to get the natural resources
to a Western oil company correct and
it's also just seeing what the policies
like uplifting poor people
don't like that because it sets in
because it'd be couldn't place it'll be
tight yeah because it'll be a domino
effect across the Latin America and
South America it was that's what I saw
we saw everyone from Bolivia
you know we saw basically Ecuador Correa
- urgh why Mujica I mean all of these
people came into power off of this
revolutionary tide that Hugo Chavez
really really did start and the u.s.
wanted to cut that at its knees so just
like not not unlike what happened in the
50s in Iran there was a democratically
elected president Mosaddegh and he
wanted to keep the oil for his people
and export democracy around the Middle
East and of course the what the
imperialist of Western imperialist the
CIA and the oil company said that's no
good we like dictatorships because
they're easier to control and
democracy's messy and by the way we you
got to give us the oil so they overthrew
Mosaddegh installed the Shah which is
how we got the situation in Iran today
there was a reaction to the Shahs
oppressive government and they went to a
right-wing the theocratic government
which like in America were going to a
right-wing demagogue so that seems like
what's exactly happening in Venezuela
and so their economy is based on oil and
do you think there's anything to this
theory that Saudi Arabia started to over
produce oil and a lot of people thought
it had something to do with Cotter but
it seems like they were doing that to
drive down the price at the behest of
the United States so they can get that
oil in Venice but so they knew this
would happen to their economy what do
you think about that theory I have heard
that theory and the OPEC you know
setting prices and also the currency
exchange is set from external forces as
well so there's a lot at play and you're
totally right I mean the US and the
opposition there would rather have an
undemocratic coup yeah and seize power
that actually participate in the
democratic process and look Venezuela is
a nightmare right now the crime is off
the charts you saw people are fleeing it
is horrible I mean it does cost an
exorbitant amount to buy basic items but
you have to look at the bigger picture
here in the context of why these things
are happening I will say one more thing
Maduro just won an election
with 4 million or 5 million votes more
than the next person who wanted here's
what the opposition and the US tried to
do Trump administration begged
Venezuelan opposition to not run against
him and the opposition in Venezuela did
not want to run against Maduro because
they wanted to appear that it was
illegitimate ha ha so Maduro would just
run unopposed then it would just bolster
that narrative that you know he's a
traitor
and so a cabal yeah and so at the last
minute two people actually ended up
running against him which basically you
know called bluff on the entire thing
that he's a dictator and so that's what
the opposition's tactic is to continue
to try to seize power by undemocratic
means and that's why you see these
violent street protests and yes there's
tens of thousands people protesting
peacefully however there are violent
fascistic elements where they are
lynching black people for being Chavez
that they're executing socialists they
are targeting basically symbols of the
government's policies maternity clinics
food distribution warehouses I asked
some guy on the front lines who was
holding an unpin grenade why are you
holding a grenade and he said I cannot
be an entrepreneur in this country and I
said I thought you guys were
starving like this is like what is going
on here so so the narrative starts to
fall apart when you realize that the
people who the u.s. exploits is the
starving masses the desperate that need
us to overthrow their government are
actually the ones supporting the
government so it's really cynical the
way that these people are used so and
and it gives you know the reporting on
in the United States on something like
Venezuela it gives create so when
somebody like Tucker Carlson says don't
believe anything you hear on any other
news stations because they're lying to
you well it actually bolsters what he's
saying especially when he will tell the
truth about Syria for whatever reason
Yeah right Tucker Carlson decided to
tell the truth about Syria he was
allowed to I can't believe you was
allowed to and so you see him telling
the truth about that and he said
something like that and you're like oh
well so this whole idea of you know fake
news like fake news is what the
mainstream news has told us about
Venezuela is what they've told us about
Syria what they told us about
vn still do to this day so um I don't
know where I'm going with this but um
this is the kind of thing that
undermines people's trust in the media
but rightly so correct
oh absolutely I mean the media has been
lockstep and you and I hate to bring up
John Oliver again but you look at
someone like him and and and people
brought him up to me because he is the
pseudo progressed middle east and so
even the guys repeating this
yes so he said I loved it when he
on Jill Stein saying that she was wacky
thinking that we could have you know pay
off student debt and have single-payer
health care she's wacky here's a guy who
comes from a country that has
single-payer health care he just wants
to be Americans so bad and you could
just see it he should get rid of his
health insurance then and he would know
what it's exactly like to be I have a
kid here being in debt right good good
for you and then someone brought up Jon
Stewart I'm sorry Jon Oliver a couple
years ago actually had walked on stage
with a sign saying Assad as a dick and
like walking around I mean does he do
anything about the u.s. as allies it all
he's he done anything on Israel Saudi
Arabia or is he just going after China
and knowing that when he did that to me
it just revealed like he's just another
 yeah corporate comedian who you
know the again at the moment he does
something that costs the corporation
money they will get rid of him and he
won't believe me he won't do anything
that cost him money at the end of the
piece he was like you know these
sanctions could really work he's like
but if we're not careful they could hurt
vulnerable people I'm like you're
actually a comedian calling for
sanctions you're actually calling for an
act of war on a sovereign nation good
for you man yeah well they they I mean
they know cause they I'm sure he'll make
fun of Trump for practicing day taunt in
Korea because he was made he that make
fun of Trump for practicing day time
with Russia and Syria and they'll do
that it's crazy what the you're not a
lefty if you're doing what John Oliver's
doing you're not a lefty if you're
telling people lies about Venezuela and
socialism and Syria and Assad and Jill
Stein and single-payer and all that
other stuff you're just not is it just
not but that's what we
right now Steve Steve Schmidt the guy
who ran John McCain's campaign just
assisted declared he's a Democrat and
guess what he feels super comfortable in
the Democratic Party that everybody's
like well we welcome him I'm like
welcome him so you not have to fight him
inside your own party because what he
wants to do is deregulate Wall Street
more and have more money go to the
military-industrial complex and that's
guys in your party and you're happy so
that's what's wrong with the so let's
get back to Venezuela so this the way
this usually ends is that they overthrow
the government and the United States and
the CIA install a right-wing dictator
and because all the money's that way all
the money goes that way because we can
get that oil woo so it's I bet that do
you think that's what I don't mean to be
a pessimist but I'm I'm in a pessimistic
mood lately and it looks like that's
probably what's gonna happen right
especially what seems like that and
nobody in the United States knows what's
going on yeah especially when you what
