everybody welcome to jimmy dore show i'm
here at the miserable liberal and
special guest nico house from the MC SC
YouTube network how you doing doing
fantastic how about yourself doing
fantastic good to see you hi Jimmy
hi stuff
so I wanted so you're from Florida Nico
which is why I want to talk about Miami
race
Miami specifically okay you're not like
the rest of those people those crazy
zombie face eating you can't I'm from
Chicago I can't disavow Illinois it's in
Illinois they all say I'm from Chicago
Illinois you know say I'm from Illinois
what do you say you're from I say I'm
from Chicago okay okay okay so so this
has been a very interesting time right
so everybody loves the progressives
nique Tim Canova Andrew Gilliam Tim
endorsed him early on he wasn't also
endorsed and revealed by Bernie Sanders
he won the Democratic primary to be
governor and he's a progressive he's for
Medicare for all and then it seemed like
the establishment started to put the
screws to him right yeah and so Tim
Canova's running against Debbie
wasserman-schultz who everyone knows
cheated the Bernie Sanders and the
progressive she didn't cheat the
Russians or the Republicans or Fox News
she cheated she cheated registered
Democrats and the primary which is why
she had to step down but you're still no
price to ever pay because she's still a
congresswoman and she's still very
influential and Democratic Party so much
so that Andrew Gilliam now has to bend a
knee to debbie Wasserman Schultz who
let's remember is the problem she's the
one who cheated it Bernie Sanders Bernie
Sanders endorses Andrew Gilliam and now
Andrew Gilliam has to do public
appearances with debbie Wasserman
shields not just to me what it looks
like to me is that the Democratic
establishment is just like turning the
screws to him and and so that's why he
because this doesn't help him Debbie
wasserman-schultz is that liked in
Florida at all at all right
in fact if I'll show you what happened
to her when when she tried to give a
speech at the 2016 Democratic convention
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
okay everybody here
[Applause]
her face the face that should be a mean
so that's why this that's why I think
this it helps her because he's a super
progressive and he's popular right now
he just won the Democratic primary it
helps her it I think it hurts him yeah
although some people say well this helps
in with the Jewish community and but it
you know to be seen you're supposed to
be super progressive to be seen with the
the antithesis of that
and a billionaire who instituted the
racist stop-and-frisk in New York City I
mean these are tough things and so I
think to me what do you think Nikko do
you think it's the party that's screwing
him I think so I think it's a
combination of a few things the party is
putting the screws to him
I think him not realizing when it's
happening him believing that identity
politics can win him an election in
Florida which is not the case and I just
I don't think that he has a conviction
that people thought he did I think he is
a nice guy I think that he may have had
good intentions but at the end of the
day to for me personally to have to vote
for him it would have to essentially be
admitting that he's the one candidate in
the history of politics who has taken
corporate money and not been influenced
by that money for me to believe that he
is going to do well for the environment
it would mean me believing that him
aligning with debbie Wasserman Schultz
who is known as the sugar queen in
Florida is not going to affect the
outcome of you don't like it so it would
takes he takes the money from those P I
thought he did it he took like 700,000
in dark money from a super PAC that was
created when he started running and now
on their website and I wish I commend
what the name of super PAC was but when
I when I was yeah it's it's if Bernie
endorsed him I thought he only endorses
people who don't take the corporate
money but it wasn't known because
reported yet oh really it was being
speculated but I found out early on that
he had taken that money just because I
knew people within the campaign and and
that was a big problem for a lot of
progressives in in there are people who
even were kind of liked about it
eventually Bernie came out because one
he needs Florida and I've been saying
for like literally the next day after
the convention I said if you saw the way
Bernie walked out if you hear him
literally as soon as you leave saying
I'm independent again that was
I'm were coming back speech he's gonna
run again and so that's why I think he
endorsed Gilliam because he said okay
medicare-for-all I can work with that
now the problem with that is and I don't
know if anybody's noticed Bernie Sanders
hasn't said a word about Andrew Gilliam
since he switched that rhetoric and it
got called out really okay I believe I
don't Twitter
he's been at like he's been in the
elections early elections have started
what he hasn't said go out and vote for
Andrew Gilliam he hadn't said that at
all and there's a reason for that and
look at you slapped the guy who two guys
who endorsed you in the face because
literally she fixed the race for Bernie
for Hillary Clinton gets Bernie Sanders
and she destroyed Tim Canova's ballots
Tim can over endorses you so what do you
do you go to a synagogue and call debbie
Wasserman Schultz your sister and call
yourself a brother from another mother
come on at the very least he's
disingenuous and I we don't need any
more of that well I think it you know I
mean I certainly hope that DeSantis does
not become the governor of Florida you
know I don't live in Florida and of
course Gilliam you know he seems to be
you know leaps even he seems to be what
the Democratic Party should have more of
right as far as what he was in the
primary yes the prime area so I know
really quickly Jimmy all I know is I
don't understand how Michael Bloomberg
come out and endorsed anybody who's
supposedly a progressive Michael
Bloomberg he is one of the Institute's
top appraisers what kind of racist
person do I need to come and support me
in my campaign to think twice about who
you're getting in bed with because
that's awful I mean it is the height of
people criminal I don't know what I tell
people when they ask me well do you want
to slice into Santa's in office I said
the only difference is that the sentence
is an open racist in anti
environmentalist and that Andrew Gilliam
is just paid by all and endorsed by all
the closeted races in anti
environmentalists well it is weird
what's the difference it well it is to
see right so De Santis is like this guy
who's got all this racist baggage and
then but then you put the guy who's gets
who instituted stop and frisk in New
York City I mean and then you're BC with
I mean that's horribly you know people
my head snapped when I saw him at Joey
NC convention
Berg's on strike give me Nina Turner I
want Nina Turner I want Bernice she was
worse but Bloomberg is okay come on down
yeah the Democratic Party did not allow
Nina Turner to speak at the convention
but they did allow Michael Bloomberg
billionaire white guy who instituted
stop and first I can't get over this and
now Hillary Clinton's gonna campaign
with Gilliam in Florida now who does
that help that helps Hillary Clinton
that doesn't help and your Gilliam
Hillary Clinton lost Florida Trump you
want to know who's running for office
and who has plans for 2020 look at who's
helping Andrew Gilliam and look at who's
putting pressure on Alexandra Ocasio
cortes you will know at you and
obviously the poll the fake poll that
they put up on CNN but look at who's
coming behind cuz that's a purple it's a
purple state you can learn a lot from
states like California with the way
they're voting in structured Florida in
purple states like Florida North
Carolina you can learn a lot from by
seeing who is the whoever they're
ordaining as a superstar on that state
that's because they believe that they
can directly benefit from them and
that's just the fact but that's what
makes Andrew Gilliam in my opinion even
if he's well-meaning he becomes more
dangerous same reason it's the same
thing I said say about Kevin de Lyonne
and beta all work for that for that
matter when you have a pretty young face
who's a minority that can be exploited
and seems to have been pretty apathetic
apathetic about being exploited by the
establishment thus far that means
they're looking towards the next office
and Andrew Gilliam that's the feeling
I've got every time I've seen him is
that he's looking towards the next
office and he doesn't want to piss off
those donors as which is only reason
because you don't need that be watch my
shows to win Florida but you do needed
her to win the presidency at this moment
so I think that it it's actually there
look so Andrew Gilliam they're putting
the screws to him this is how they say
squeeze the progressives and then they
make they say you got to go campaign
with Hillary Clinton this is this helps
Hillary Clinton this is this is I
doesn't help Gilliam I swear to God so
here's my theory now this might sound
crazy but here it is yeah we talked
about this so you know how Tim Canova
got screwed over in the primary he
people he might have wanted maybe
probably I would definitely won the
primary against debbie Wasserman Schultz
and then when he wanted the ballots
recounted they destroyed them he went to
a judge judge said but
he found out even after the judge agreed
with him that that it was illegal he
thought that the head of elections would
do something turns out the head of
elections didn't do anything to the
people who destroyed the ballots and so
what that means is that they're good
they're gonna cheat him again and
there'll be no repercussions because the
people who run the elections have the
same donors as debbie Wasserman Chilton
as the Republican opponents as the
Republican governor as their so they all
have the same donors so they want to
screw Tim Canova they they're together
so they don't care if debbie Wasserman
chill cheated tim Canova they want
debbie Wasserman Schultz are the donors
you get that so what I think is
happening here is that the Democratic
Party has the same donors they don't
want Andrew Gilliam to even win I think
debbie Wasserman Schultz and Hillary
Clinton want to screw him as the
progressive it's a look the progressive
can't win I why else would they would be
doing this to him why else would they
want make Andrew Gilliam campaign with
her
look how unpopular she is her
unfavorable it's it's unchanged from
last November a record low 36 percent
this is from that's from October 1st
that's Gallup News Hillary Clinton's
favorability in the US adults is
unchanged from last November record low
37
so to me this is the Democratic Party
trying to undermine just like he said
before they were undermining Bernie's I
think they're undermining Andrew
gillum's campaign and this is how
they're doing it they're making him
campaign with the most unpopular person
in the history of unpopularity who lost
to Donald Trump and then making him
making him be seen with these people
that's also gonna screw him look how
unpopular she is with her own people so
that's my theory that's how the
Democratic Party is undermining a
progressive candidate like get Andrew
Gilliam I actually don't think that's in
a crazy theory at all I mean it's almost
like what what they did right after the
election Bernie Sanders when they
realized that he was still ridiculously
popular so what do you do you take
really controversial issues especially
issues that Bernie is kind of I won't
say iffy on but he's kind of he takes
the intelligence community's opinion
because that's what older style
politicians have always done and so they
throw him in front of a camera and
that's the only time he's allowed to
talk and then they then they have like
what deal say something and they'll say
the cory booker's of the world even
Bernie Sanders says this yeah even
Bernie Sanders so you're seeing these
you're seeing that pattern kind of take
place and can come into fruition with
Andrew Gilliam and I think that you're
right I think that they feel like they
have to have a Total Annihilation in the
midterms to a degree in order to
successfully win back the White House in
2020 but I also believe like what you
said that it's for Hillary I think that
Hillary's gonna run and I think the goal
is that Hillary doesn't even necessarily
have to win she can take the delegates
that she does win hand them off to cop
Kamala Harris or Cory Booker or Cory
book and Kamala Harris can then take
their delegates very much so like martin
O'Malley did Martin O'Malley took his
delegates and made it backroom deal with
Hillary at the convention
she got all his delegates that he won
now imagine multiplying that by at 50
between Kamali and Corey Booker
that's that's disaster for whatever
progressive wants to win in the
Democratic Party in 2020 and it still
has not really been talked about her
address I've addressed it over and over
again because I've been involved in
politics but people have no idea how bad
it is to have this saturated of of a
presidential candidate race when
everyone of them are not they're not
doing what Marla they're not pulling out
they're gonna stay in and suck every
single delegate away and if you want to
change the Democratic Party if you're in
that camp that believe that can happen
in 2020 for whatever reason and not
really proof to show that it's happening
but you better be throwing every single
progressive you can in that race if you
want to Bernie Sanders or a Tulsi
Gabbard to win who I think is also gonna
run I think that Bernie should encourage
me to the run I think that they have to
fight fire with fire because like you
said they're putting people beside these
progresses to undermine them so the only
way you can do is put more progressives
in the mix and I think that that Andrew
Gilliam should definitely have more Tim
Canova's beside him and behind him than
the likes of Bloomberg and Debbie
wasserman-schultz
yeah I I agree I think this this is
definitely a strategy to undermine him
and you know I hope he can overcome it
anyway thanks for being here nico
everybody check out mcse youtube channel
mcs scenic am seen as the network oh
yeah also just informed com
new social media platform that Tim black
and I created with Suzanne Murphy okay
yeah we uh it's essentially for anyone
who wants like honest journalism we have
several contributor pages that uh
journalists livestream on and you can
post articles and if you're a personal
blogger but you don't want to commit
full-time we even have a section where
you can post blogs and political updates
that everybody on the timeline can see
so we get out of that echo chamber where
is that what does that call just jus T
in inform fo RM all one word.com
okay please make sure you're subscribed
even if you think you are subscribed
there's a good chance you're not so
please check it only takes a second and
then click that bell and that's how you
know you'll get a notice every time we
drop a video they still won't notify you
every time we drop a video but that's
the best we can do plus if you like the
show you want to support it please
become a patron we give you hours of
bonus material every week and come see a
live show go to jimmy dore commie calm
for our live schedule
you
