hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
Show I'm here with Rob black own hey
Jimmy
so we've all seen this video right so
there's this video of Sinclair media and
they're all repeating the same thing
right so Dead's been put this together
so let's play it because it's pretty
awesome actually
so let's watch it hi I'm Fox San
Antonio's Jessica Headley and I'm Ryan
Wolff our greatest responsibility is to
serve our Treasure Valley communities
deal Paso Las Cruces communities Eastern
Iowa communities mid Michigan
communities we are extremely proud of
the quality balanced journalism that CBS
4 News produces but
plaguing our country the sharing of
biased and false news has to become all
too common on social media more alarming
some media outlets publish the same fake
stories without checking facts first the
sharing of biased and false news has
come this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous
to our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely funny as
extremely funny I'm watching their faces
everyone has a different face as they
say it there was a woman a little while
ago she was like anyway this is awesome
right I mean I wasn't kidding you know
the lesson to be learned here Jimmy is
that when Sinclair broadcasting points a
finger they get three syndicated fingers
pointing back to them that's right this
is extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to my really doing
the news I don't know if you saw when
nuna way no one's doing the news where
is that a fox with you that's awesome
the way Newton's doing the Drizzt our
democracy so dad's been put that
together and that's from one media giant
Sinclair and they own a lot of local TV
stations and then they tell their people
what to say so this isn't the first time
it happened but here's the article from
Deadspin this is conch the concourse at
Deadspin it says how America's largest
local TV owner turned it's news anchors
into soldiers in Trump's war on
Media now I just watch that from
Deadspin III what did you think of that
Ron does that does that n't well first
of all here's what let me just say
before we get to it let's just go
through this really quickly and then
we'll talk about it okay so they say
from this article this is from the
Deadspin this is Timothy Burke he says
you might remember Sinclair from its
having been featured on John Oliver's
last week tonight last year or from its
requiring in 2004 of affiliates to air
anti John Kerry propaganda or perhaps
because it's your own local affiliate
running inflammatory terrorism alerts or
required editorials from former Trump
adviser Boris ah feastin he of the famed
Holocaust Remembrance Day statement that
failed to mention Jewish people Sinclair
also owns Ring of Honor wrestling Tennis
Magazine des and the Tennis Channel I
didn't know that the net result of the
company's current mandate is dozens upon
dozens of local news anchors looking
like hostages in proof of life videos
trying their hardest to spit out words
attacking the industry they've chosen as
a life vocation now that any of it not
that any of it matters to Sinclair which
with the help of a friendly federal
government is about to swallow up
another 40 television stations
increasing its reach and its lead over
competitors like Hearst and Scripps
so this is the this is the narrative
that's been going around is that sink
this this is bad and but they leave out
the cause of this problem they
completely ignore the cause of the
problem they're pretending that Sinclair
broadcasting all the sudden decided to
use all its power to help Donald Trump
to force fascism on us the only reason
this is allowed to happen that we're
we're having monopolies even on the
local news level
is because of Bill Clinton and the
Democrats the reason why Sinclair is
able to buy up all these local news
stations is because Bill Clinton was in
the pocket of big media and he passed
the Telecommunications Act of 1996 which
got rid of all the regulations on
ownership of media and we used to have
lots of ownership and media in the
United States like hey you couldn't own
you can own a newspaper but you couldn't
own two newspapers and a radio station
and a TV station and instead oh you can
only own one of each and now you can own
unlimited which is why AM radio is
completely right-wing there's no lefty
talk on their own AM radio no even in
Los Angeles Los Angeles which you would
think at least 50% of the people here
would lean left it's Los Angeles
you would think 50% of the am dial would
be lefty talk or at least a quarter of
it and then or maybe 10% zero percent is
lefty talk so that is not the media for
beating the needs of the people that is
the media forcing its corporatism on you
and who made that possible
not Sinclair media they didn't make it
possible the Democrats Bill Clinton and
Al Gore the neoliberals who were funded
by the Koch brothers the Democrats
Hillary Clinton's husband at the same
time she was calling black kids super
predators Bill Clinton was deregulating
Wall Street and that's not just me
saying it here's a ring of fire
here's ring of fire they're saying the
same thing give us anything of substance
it does so he's talking about he's he's
lamenting how bad that media is today
news media and he says it doesn't give
us anything here he says it doesn't give
us anything of substance it doesn't help
further the conversation of America
we're not learning anything anymore
and that's the problem and it is because
of the media they're not reporting on
the important issues and again you want
to lay blame for this on someone that
blame has to go to Bill Clinton who 20
years ago signed that Telecommunications
Act
of 1996 yep
yeah and that in that bill was just kind
of pushed through like behind closed
doors had no resistance from either
political party so I go back to this
article where he says the net results of
the companies mandate is dozens no the
net result of the Telecommunications Act
Deadspin it's weird that they would do
this they would put together this
awesome video then they would write a
story about it and leave out the cause
which is why we got Donald Trump because
no one wants to look at the cause and so
now they're looking at this through a
media lens that says only Donald Trump
is the problem isn't that awesome the
only thing that this article talks about
is how bad this is because they're Pro
Donald Trump this is bad be it's been
bad like this since 1996 we used to have
50 giant media companies in America now
we have six which is why you have no
diversity of opinion which is why you
never hear an anti-war voice in the
media except here and there straddling
us like crazy
no one is it's crazy how people's hair
is on fire over this and no one's
talking about the problem which is
neoliberalism which was instituted by
Bill Clinton when he turned his back on
the Democratic base and got in bed with
Wall Street the Koch brothers the
military-industrial complex Wall Street
and the media giants this is the result
no one is talking about this have you
seen anyone else anywhere everyone's
talking about that video but no one's
talking about the causes have you seen
it no one's talking about just the past
two modernization of media that we've
seen as a result of the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 and how
dangerous that is and how we should
learn from the past I mean that there
was that incident in the Dakotas years
ago where a train derailed and poison
gas was released into the atmosphere and
because all of the radio was like
syndicated in from elsewhere they were
like well the weather outside is sunny
I'm blah blah blah they're looking at a
weather app or an online communication
device whatever meanwhile there's poison
gas in the
err and there's no one on the media to
tell you about it because they're not in
the town I remember that yeah I remember
that story that there was this emergency
and normally the news stations will get
it out to the people except there was
nobody local to running the news station
right so they couldn't get that
information out to the people mm-hmm it
defeats the purpose of local news it's
one in fact local news so everybody
wants so the way and correct me if I'm
wrong Ron but it looked and this great
work by Deadspin and then they leave out
the most important part how we got here
why this is happening who's really to
blame and how we can fix it this isn't
some plot by Sinclair media this was a
plot by the Democrats and Bill Clinton
to allow this to happen they're just
taking advantage of the rules this is
the way the rules are set up which is
why you only have three tet three radio
stations in the whole goddamn country
you got Clear Channel well now they call
it I hate me half at all because that's
a Romney's company bought it and now
there's CBS CBS infinity yeah another
one yeah there's I remember when I was
still still touring as in nightclubs and
I would go to radio stations and you'd
go in and it was always one of the three
stations it was gonna be CBS infinity
Clear Channel and now I can't even think
of the other one there that was is and
you weren't allowed to talk about the
war nobody will let you talk about the
war when I would go on radio and you
couldn't talk about Howard Stern it was
funny so here so again this isn't the
Russians doing this this is us doing it
to ourself we did this Bill Clinton the
Democrats did this this isn't the
Russians our problem isn't external our
problem is right here in this goddamn
country and MSNBC Chris Hayes Rachel
Maddow Anderson Cooper why don't you
think the problem is Donald Trump
this happened fricking 20 years ago 22
now oh and you talked to people that
were like in radio back then yeah yeah
they're just saying we were all just
carefree cuz we had a cool president
that played the saxophone
then one day we all lost our job we
literally we all lost their jobs yep
well there's whatever our morale would
say about it that just was right The
Fault dear Brutus is not in Our Stars
but in ourselves good night
we did this to ourselves we heralded
Bill Clinton and his neoliberalism and
his economy of innovation so this is Ed
Markey who was instrumental in writing
the telecommunication she's a Democrat
instrumental in writing that bill he was
the leading author of the bill and here
he was given a speech in 2014
bragging about the success of the 1996
Telecommunications Act Wow here he was
there he's given a speech in the Library
of Congress and here this is the
determinant description underneath the
video on YouTube that they put up it
said speaking from the Library of
Congress where the 1996 Act was signed
into law by President Bill Clinton
Markey reflects on the 1996 telecom act
which helped replace a monopoly system
with competition war is peace war is
peace this is what I'm not kidding
innovation and consumer protection so it
helped replace a monopoly system with
competition innovation and consumer
protection I don't even know what
they're talking because they broke up
AT&T which by the way it's back senator
Markey explains the 1996 act act was a
success because it was technologically
neutral and unleashed a revolution of
data information and accessibility for
our nation I'd have no idea what he
means by any of that I think he thinks
because now people have the Internet and
somehow we wouldn't have the internet
without the Telecommunications Act we
have a monopolies providing our Internet
right now maybe he's thinking we
made radio so bad and municipal
listenable the people needed to make
entertainment on another platform I
think that's what he here that's what he
means listen to what he says this
jackoff and that's what she was talking
about here tonight our phone network is
moving away from traditional technology
to IP to an Internet Protocol yet the
tenants of the 1996 promoting
competition expanding consumer choice
spurring economic growth are as relevant
and vital today as they were 18 years
ago when President Clinton signed the
bill into law so he's he's lauding that
as look at all this competition we now
have been in telecommunications meaning
drone there's four forties or four
carriers there's there's not competition
we have again almost everything in the
United States is monopolistic and he's
trying to tout the success of breaking
up AT&T so now we have AT&T Sprint
Verizon Rison is there another one
[Music]
mobile so that's four I can think of as
maybe there's five its dividers that's
how many internet providers there are
and you're still I don't have a choice
of internet provider at my house right
well it's even even that aside it's
still such a stretch he's just like we
gutted media ownership and now you have
a cell phone
now welcome what no yeah that's what he
said but it'll be saying watch it gets
worse there have been some critics of
the law suggesting that the 1996 telecom
act was written about old rules about an
old network they have suggested the
bipartisan work we put into that bill no
longer applies to telecommunications
networks of today but if it was just a
bill about the old phone network we
would have simply held the bill signing
in front of a phone booth or at a
telephone switching Center what we
didn't he's bombing instead we signed
the 1996 telecom act here in the Library
of Congress the American shrine of
knowledge of accessibility for everyone
this is in 2014 he's acting like this
thing was a huge success do you see how
he's lost he's talking about it like it
was this great gift to humanity the
Telecommunications Act here we go to the
information which day needed so today
because of the 1996 act volumes of
information extend beyond the stacks of
the book of the books in the Jefferson
library beyond the walls of this great
building and into the homes and the
schools of every child in America where
they live where they go to school today
kids growing up in Malden Massachusetts
can read the works of Jefferson on their
iPad the 1996 act what that's just what
you said it's why we have iPads we made
radio really bad and now you have an
iPad so TVs completely horrible alright
your news local news media has been
completely gutted your your AM radio is
completely right-wing your FM dial is
completely automated there's only three
radio companies there's only six TV
companies and he's logging this as an
unbridled success a gift of information
to humanity that's nice as neoliberalism
and these are their cheerleaders this is
a Democrat is a Democrat now you know
why we got Trump the future then the
1996 act is the future today the 1996
act is the future tomorrow because he's
still he's still screaming about how
great in it there's a Democrat it
embraces and embodies the principles
which are central to guaranteeing that
we have an ongoing revolution in
technology and accessibility within our
society it embraces what principles add
the principle of monopolies the
principles of no local control or
ownership of media you mean that while
those are the principles this is black
that war is peace that's what this is
this is Laura's please this is Orwell
right here that's ed markey war or well
when people in Washington talk about
job creators they are talking about all
of you you are the reason that
innovation and investment will continue
to drive our economy into the 21st
century
now I'm guessing he's speaking to media
companies there I don't know who I don't
know who the audience is there for this
but I can't imagine anybody else would
show up feeling good about it unless you
own a giant media company yeah but even
they are not giving him any laughs no
joke tanked this this is like a joke
this is like a comedy routine he's
giving it's black is white up is down in
his out Wars peace yeah that is why I
have partnered with you over the years
to ensure that we continue to drive yeah
this agenda and that's what she was done
yep
so that's the part that when they talk
about this Cinco they talk about it in
scare mongering because Trump it's bad
cuz Trump know it's been bad
since 1996 Deadspin and Think Progress
and everyone else who's gonna talk about
this Rachel Maddow Chris Hayes and I
guarantee you they are not gonna talk
about this and they're not gonna talk
about what an Orwellian figure at
Marquee is Bill Clinton Al Gore I went
on there's a speech they gave out there
was an hour long signing ceremony that
Al Gore and Bill Clinton did in this
same place where he is right now
and I was it there there are so many or
it was one it was like a play written by
or well these guys in there $5,000 suits
in a big library talking about how
they're helping people while they're
literally laying down plans to screw and
over everyone and make everything worse
and make Trump possible Trump's not
possible without this guy's work but I'm
sure we can find some more people who
are more you know people with more power
than a senator I'm sure Jill Stein Susan
Sarandon me
so that's the part of the story no one
else is telling you and so that's why we
will tell it to you so thanks for
watching we'll see you June 30th in
Portland Oregon and well we don't have
anything else right now but we'll see
you Jordan 32 dock
please if you could become a patron and
check to make sure you're subscribed it
takes a second and then click that Bell
so you get a notification when we drop a
video otherwise they won't notify you
when we drop you I know you subscribe
I'm subscribed aren't they supposed to
tell me when you drop a video no they
don't they don't in fact we're gonna be
doing a video on that coming up about
how YouTube admits that they don't tell
subscribers when the shows that they
subscribe to our dropping videos on
purpose they don't tell you so please
make sure you're subscribed and click
that bell and if you can become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week thanks for your support
[Music]
