everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
I'm here with Rob Lakota the political
vigilante grab Elwood hi guys hey howdy
howdy all right grab shoot the big TV
show December 17th that's Sunday out in
San Bernardino
it's a stand-up show right yes it's
stand-up so it's also a it's a it's a
charity event really because the the FNX
is part of PBS so you're donating to
Native American arts your ticket is a
tax deduction you're supporting Native
American comics and Native American arts
and culture so come on out December 17th
it's at 7:00 p.m. at the San Bernardino
Valley College Auditorium you can get
tickets if you go just to my website
grandma Hakam and subscribe to political
vigilante because they keep taking those
away yep we're all in the same boat on
that okay well good luck on that
stand-up show on Sunday Graham so let's
talk about the Alabama Senate race and
who wanted for the Democrats it was just
a squeaker Democrats barely beat a
pedophile that's how bad the Democrats
are they barely beat a pedophile so here
at white men 74% of white men voted for
Rory more and get this 65% of white
women who voted voted for the pedophile
isn't that weird isn't that weird
you figure women would be the one that
we have a tough time with no women
denote 65% of white women turns out
black women they had a tough time with
black women voted for against Roy Moore
97% voted for the Democrat 92% of black
men who are those other 7% of black guys
who voted for Roy fricking more the guy
who said things were better under when
we had slavery I that that's mystifying
to me that there's any number that voted
from black people for root for Roy so
those are those 7% those must be the
seventh those are the business owners or
something the african-american business
owners who think they're Republicans
then they don't know that that group
really doesn't want you there at all no
they wouldn't let you in the front door
of their house unless you were there to
clean it like that's yeah that's exactly
who they that's mystifying you lose that
one guy who has that t-shirt it says
blacks for Trump which it's really just
black she's black and he has that on his
behind sits behind Trump at those
speeches and he
at the Roy Moore victory party which
wasn't and he's just walk around one
black guy and you know they're not
talking to him
no they're not talking to him they don't
want anything to do with them they're
like oh I'm glad he's for Trump but he's
still a black at the very the most he's
getting is you're one of the good ones
or something like that you know they're
getting some awful thing like it's it's
it's mystifying time I actually thought
that guy was a paid extra for the
longest time
I'm sure he's paid yeah you hang I mean
I don't know I'm get I'm gonna get his
speculate that he's paid put it that way
yeah I mean yeah probably but known
Trump has been known to pay a crowd when
um when he announced his presidency he
paid I think 50 people to show up and
cheer for him right so that was a story
that he definitely paid people to show
up I'm gonna I would think I remember it
being 50 but anyway back to this story
so there you go at black the blacks
really came out for him I mean Doug
Jones and against Roy Moore right so the
thing about Doug Jones was that he
successfully prosecuted white racists
who killed black kids right so that's
you could see why black people be like
hey would I'm on board for this guy Yeah
right so you can see that you can see
when they were motivated to stand up
against white supremacists like Trump
and Steve Bannon and his ilk and the
people they're endorsing like Roy Moore
right so you can see why the African
American community was motivated to kick
it out right so plus also doug jones
went to there he campaigned yeah went
and talked to those people and so they
came out for him right yeah I don't
think Roy Moore did a lot of campaigning
in the black community in Alabama oh I
don't think he did
I thought he brought his message of
things were better during slavery to the
black community no riot message but I
know if they have a quote Jew lawyer I
know that is a Jew lawyer so that's good
our lawyers yugi-boy
nothing says acceptance and equality and
diversity like our lawyers and you boy
that just that yeah nothing says
non-discrimination our lawyers
you yeah is that how you list them in
your phone you Jews lawyer Wang Lukey's
kaolin you know hey Siri called you Lord
oh and pick up my dry-cleaning from the
 the yellow levy first Roy Moore
referred to Asians as yellows and and
Native Americans as reds did you not
know that that I didn't know yeah
yellows and reds
that's gross like he's acting like he
was born in 1920 instead of 1960 when
was worried more important nineteen
fifty fifty five some yeah he exactly
like he was born in 1900 in Makhno dope
right you know that we don't call them
reds and yellows he's doing that on
purpose right so anyway back to so
here's what Tom Perez said Tom Perez has
let me be clear we won in Alabama and
Virginia because black women led us to
victory black women are the backbone of
the Democratic Party and we can't take
that for granted period yes but you have
been taking it for granted and you're
taking it for granted yes you are right
because you're not doing anything to
help black women unless gutting welfare
what was Hillary Clinton did while
exploding the prison population if
that's what you mean by taking care of
black women or how about how about when
you ended when you ended the New Deal
banking regulations and so then the
economy crashed intent within ten years
and you know who got hurt the most by
that black and brown people who went to
college those are the people go ahead
Ron I was gonna add don't we have the
whole concept of donut Twitter because a
black woman was suppressed by the DNC a
black woman named Nina Turner oh my god
she wasn't allowed to speak at the DNC
convention right if I'm not mistaken oh
that's right oh that's right so the
Democrats they can't take black women
for granted but we will bar them from
speaking at the Democratic National
Convention and who will we let speak how
about a billionaire white guy who
instituted fascism stop-and-frisk
which is also racist in New York City
how about a billionaire Republican
who instituted the racist fascist policy
of stop-and-frisk he can talk right but
not Nina Turner because she might say
something people actually want to hear
she's not gonna carry your corporate law
so that's why that they're full of it so
that so getting guess who guess who
snips him out that the Democrats are
full of it
that Tom Perez is full of it when he
says this and all the Democrats have
been ignoring blacks and when doing
anything but why would black people get
off their ass to vote for Hillary
Clinton in Michigan when she sent all
their JA him her and her husband sent
their jobs to Mexico with NAFTA and
while they were trying to get those
people to vote for Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama was pushing the TPP at the
top of his lungs and you wonder why
Hillary Clinton lost I bet it's because
of Susan Sarandon I bet it's because of
someone with no money and no power I
thought Jill Stein and the Bern Bros and
Putin locked arm and arm around
Wisconsin and Michigan and prevented her
from campaigning there that was my that
was my understanding that's why I heard
from Russia game-high her Jimmy was
there too okay I was there too doing
that so here's Charles Barkley and he
has a message and the victory of Doug
Jones over the Roy Moore he has a
message for the Democrats well this is a
wake-up call for Democrats your
Democrats and I told mr. Jones dis and I
love Doug they've taken a black vote and
the poor vote for granted for a long
time it's time for them to get off their
ass and start making life better for
black folks and people who are poor
they've always had our votes and they
have abused our votes and this is a
wake-up call we got it in a great
position now but this is a wake-up call
for Democrats to do better for black
people and poor white people and poor
whites so it's time for the Democrats to
do something for the poor that's what
he's saying it's time for the Democrats
to reach out to the people who are but
disenfranchised in this economy that's
what it's time for the Democrats to do
it's time for the Democrats to actually
the black people has you've just
delivered for the Democrats it's time
for the Democrats to deliver from the
black people it's about time they
delivered for black people and poor
white people that's what Charles Barkley
sang he gets it he gets it he knows
what's going on he sees
happening that the Democrats actually
don't do anything for anybody so it's
about time and we've so I don't know if
you know but Jackie Robinson the
baseball player took a lot of
because he endorsed Nixon over Kennedy a
high that's a long time ago I know but
he's made the point that you can't let
one political party think they own your
vote because then they ain't gonna do
anything for you you got to let them
know that you're willing to support
someone else so then they have to
actually do stuff for you that was his
and that's a good point
I don't know if I would have picked
Nixon but that's the point this is the
point that that he's making so now
they've always had the black vote and
when is it when are you guys going to
honor it so this is the whole thing
where this is you know especially in
Alabama they've done one in just the UN
just did a study that Alabama has
poverty at third world country levels it
is the poorest state of any
industrialized country in the world in
the world in the world right here in
America right so Alabama's doing this
and like this isn't the only state I
just talked with someone who lives in
who has a youtube show read and
economics as a show in West Virginia and
she's talking about 50% unemployment in
West Virginia and rampant opioid drug
problems it's not just Alabama so
Charles Barkley I didn't I didn't know
he was a progressive I just thought he
was kind of a jackass sometimes but that
was amazing and the Democrats better
wake the up to the fact because
there is a lot of seriously poor people
or people about to be poor or barely
functioning and if they keep abandoning
them and just go resist Trump this will
happen this will be a one-off well but
let's be fair to the Democrats I think
Charles Barkley made that video before
he saw the new slogan hey we're not
pedophiles so he might so charles
barkley but I remember used to like to
call himself a Republican and and I
think what happened was he got out of
sport he got he's done playing sports so
he had free time on his hand and he
started to pay a little closer attention
especially when we had an
african-american president and he saw
that they weren't helping his people I
think that's so it sounds like he's he's
aware now
that the Democrats so he gets that even
though I might want to think I'm a
Republican cuz I'm rich those guys still
don't want me in their club in fact they
want to shoot me and put me in prison
right charles barkley gets that now let
me put a picture of him up so charles
barkley gets that point right now so i
think that's what it is now he realizes
that no matter how much money I got
there they still looked down their nose
at me right I'm not in part of their
club and and so I think he's so he
diagnoses it perfectly it's time for the
Democratic Party to do something for
people besides their donors and rich
people I don't think they're going to it
you got to pull them kicking and
screaming just to give people a twelve
dollar minimum wage or some kind of
shitty right-wing health care plan I
mean the the this is obviously good that
Roy Moore lost but my concern is that
the Democratic Party is gonna go see
yeah we got it they already started
doing that they already def started
doing that ground yeah totally and and
you know what I'm sorry centrism is not
the answer when you go from being the
party that couldn't beat a reality TV
star to the party that was able to beat
a pedophile by less than two percentage
points okay you don't have anything
figured out yeah I'm glad we're more
lost to of course I am so what they're
saying is because of what happened in
Virginia a couple of weeks ago and what
happened with in Alabama
look the Democrats are back see Trump is
toxic the Democrats are back which is
semi true it's not true because if you
look what happened in the night in
Virginia the candidates who were the
furthest left did the best mm-hmm and
right I like to say you know the
Democratic establishment taking credit
for some of the progressive thing yes
that's like the school bully taking
credit when someone they bullied goes on
to do something amazing with their life
yeah yes that same so there was a
full-blown socialist one in Virginia
against one of the top to guide the
Republican in the state supposed to be a
safe district a full-blown he calls
himself a socialist won that race
against one of the top Republicans in
the state in Virginia and it was
supposed to be gerrymandered safe so the
furthest left people won especially also
in Philadelphia
there was a black lives matter lawyer he
became a district attorney in
Philadelphia which is a place that went
for Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders
so the furthest left people are what won
that night and now that now the
corporate Democrats are trying to say
see all we have to do is not be Trump
I'm really curious to see how 2018 plays
out in terms of a lot of corporate
Democrats if if they do get primaries
we've seen a lot of people go up against
like a very entrenched corporate
Democrats how if they win and then that
means more progressives started taking
over the Democratic Party as Nina Turner
is pushing she's like we need to get
people in the in the seats within the
committee and everything like that yeah
I'm curious to see what the corporate
power base of the Democratic Party is
going to do are they going to resist
harder are they gonna smear these people
are they going to acquiesce what are
they going to do because they're this
isn't this isn't fixed you know what I'm
saying like I don't know how I really
can't predict how they're going to rely
haven't seen them do anything other than
purge progressives and smear
progressives they're still doing that
during in the middle of a Unity Tour Tom
Perez purged all the progressives from
the DNC it's unbelievable
well how about some of the new policy
said that my Tracy expects that we
talked about on this show where it's
like well you can't do this you have to
do this you can't do this yeah yeah you
can't say anything bad about your
opponent who thief he's a corporate
Democrat so by the way it turns out
those reforms that they those are they
were kind of B I was being biessed a
little bit about those reforms I we I
did a little more looking they said you
know they said oh well they'll be sick
they're getting rid of the
super-delegates by 60% and 40% of them
will have to vote I hear that's not true
actually I don't know what you've heard
Graham but I heard that fort that that
they're actually gonna be unpledged
meaning they can vote any way they want
by the way that's not even a rule yet
that has to go in front of the Rules
Committee and then it has to be voted on
by the DNC remember Tom Perez just got
rid of most of the friggin progressives
okay so now by the way we won't even
have that vote until probably until
right before then at 2018 midterms
so this new plans aren't being
implemented yet and they probably won't
be it's more are their table
scraps
yeah to progressives this this is what
the Democratic Party we're doing reform
they give you these table scraps it's
all bumper sticker you know
what I'm saying yeah it's like well we
set when Obama sets the Middle East on
fire
oh I got gay marriage passed well I'm
glad gay marriage was passed thank you
so much it was good but while while you
did that we started the Yemen thing and
you have a hundred and thirty kids die
every day in Yemen so it just feels like
this is more like we're reducing the
super-delegates you'll get rid of the
 super-delegates are
yeah the appropriate numbers zero zero I
see a property zero system don't
give me like well half of cuz they've
they've cooked the numbers yeah they'll
still make the super-delegates can move
it there they'll go and they're a form
and then they're only there oh they're
only unpledged like the first round of
voting I mean oh the only pledge to how
their state voted I'm hearing
contradictory things so I'm gonna look
into it more but the stuff that I'm
hearing says that oh they have to vote
the way their state voted the first
round but the second round they don't so
I'm gonna look more into it I know it's
not good it's I know it's
 and just get rid of the
super-delegates this is a no-brainer why
are you trying to it's like it's it's
like the airport it's like the Obamacare
it's like just head give us a public
option and stop it already
right that but again just get rid of the
super-delegates stop all this
well 60% this and 40% we're gonna keep
the mayors and then governors and then
they'll still be but they won't really
be and they just get rid of them and if
you don't did that no one's voting for
the Democrats how about that hahaha yeah
well you know what my prediction is I
don't I'm a gram said about like yeah
they'll give you stable scraps to make
it seem like I think they're gonna
concede to the things that will actually
benefit the party as a whole that are
good things like like yeah the idea of
being able to vote absentee in a caucus
that's a great thing yeah anything that
makes voting easier for people I'm for
and that's a good thing and higher voter
turnout does usually help out the
Democrats but as far as things that will
make them concede concede to more
progressives ie getting rid of the
super-delegates ie more transparency in
the budget that's where they'll put
their foot down and be like oh we'll
make voting a little easier for people
reform now but this is other stuff no I
don't think they flat out said to Nina
Turner that Nina Turner came with them
recently and they said oh yeah we'll do
this we'll do this they will not open
the primaries to independence they just
said I'm not gonna right not even
debatable it's not even they just said
nope and that's that's what I thought
and then but then I must have missed it
we had no me on the show yesterday no me
Const who's a progressive fighter and
she she seemed very optimistic about it
and like it like they did their job they
had some really good reforms and now
there were democratic parties ready I
