hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
I'm here with Ron Picone and Steph
Zamorano I'm miserable yay yay so I've
told you this before well here's a crazy
thing that's happening the voter shaming
is off the hook and this happened in
Ohio last week okay so last week there
was an election and at the time of
publication from the intercept it says
that the time publication the vote tally
there was a congressional race this is a
congressional race and the Republican
had one hundred and one thousand seven
hundred and seventy two votes and the
Democrat had one thousand one hundred
thousand two hundred and eight votes so
the Republican was winning but there was
a Green Party candidate in that race and
the Green Party candidate Joe manchak
garnered 1129 votes wow that's not many
at all that that doesn't seem like
enough to throw the election well some
Democrats have projected their
frustration about their loss on a third
party's yep even though by the way so
they're blaming they are doing that
they're blaming the Green Party
candidate is because you know why
because they can't do math because if
you did the math if you did the math you
would know that of course with mint with
all of man chicks votes O'Connor would
still come up 435 votes short but math
hasn't stopped Democrats from blaming
the Green Party and here is one of the
here's a tweet from Alyssa Milano who I
want to make it clear that Melissa
Milano good person big fan of hers and
she she pushes a lot she was a Bernie
supporter early on so she but I'm
showing you this to show you how crazy
people are getting even good people are
getting over this Russia stuff you want
to see what she says she says you know
what sucks because of our unwillingness
to pass policy that protects our
election integrity
I immediately think the green party
votes tonight our Russian meddling oh my
god why else would anyone cast a protest
vote in Ohio when there's so much at
stake hashtag Ohio 12th well if you want
to know why people would vote for a
Green Party in Ohio it's because they
can't bring themselves to vote for
another corporate system or monger so
when you see 50 children get massacred
on a bus in Yemen massacred legs blown
off heads blown off did you see the
picture of the kid underneath the bus
and his leg was still twitching we did
that the Republicans and Democrats they
did it together so when you vote for one
of those people
you're now complicit which is why I
voted for Jill Stein because I wouldn't
be complicit in the slaughter of
innocent people anymore and calling it
the lesser of two evils and by the way I
want to make the point when she says why
would someone cast a protest vote in
Ohio when there's so much at stake maybe
someone is voting their conscience so
there's a difference between a protest
vote and voting your conscience and if
there's so much at stake why did 70
percent of the Ohio's 12th district not
show up to vote there's so much at stake
that's seven out of ten people did not
show up to vote so what I would I'm
urging Alyssa Milano to do going forward
is when you see a situation like this
again you maybe criticize the Democratic
Party and the Democratic candidate for
not being able to reach over 70% of the
people in your district and excite them
to come out and vote for you or get them
interested or even get them to realize
that there's a lot at stake they
weren't even 70% of the people in that
district didn't think there was a lot at
stake ELISA which is why they didn't
show up and the Democratic candidate is
supposed to convince them that there's a
lot at stake and my anger would be why
is the Democratic Party keep reading the
majority of the people why don't you
offer people something to vote for and
if you needed those 1100 P green votes
in Ohio
maybe you offer something to them
instead of calling them traitors so
they've gone from voter shaming this is
now democracy shaming how dare the
Greens think they can participate in
democracy on a local level and if the
greens and if you're a third party and
you participate in democracy I'm gonna
say you're a traitor because that's what
that is whether she knows it or not
there now if you're if you don't vote
for a Democrat or a Republican you're a
traitor to this country you must be
working with the Russians
that's how lost people have gotten
people of good conscience like Alyssa
Milano that's how lost we've gotten in
this crate 70% of the people in that
goddamn district didn't even bother to
vote it's so much at stake well then
you're supposed to convince them that
there's something at stake and that you
have actually answers for them maybe the
Democrat couldn't a convinced him that
there was anything at stake and B didn't
offer them anything and you know they
thought that over and over during the
2016 campaign leading up to the election
people were screaming the corporate left
was screaming hey why does Jill Stein
only run for president why don't you
start building your party at the local
level why don't you run for Congress oh
don't not now we are running for
Congress not now what are you a Russian
well you want to talk about offering
people something and things being at
stake
a lot of the greens especially in Rust
Belt areas the reason they can't want
one of the many reasons they can't go
Democrat but a big one is because they
know that with fracking that's affecting
the water right in their backyard that's
why a lot of them cannot go for Clinton
so I mean that's an obvious right there
and how can you shame people that were
voting for their water and their
children's water you mean they want
policies and somebody to stand up for
for anything that would help them help
them in their culture in society you
know I often do we see Democrats have
nothing mmm what do they have that's
such an obvious one to just go I mean
you know if you needed those green votes
you you know you you go and you show up
and you go look I know a lot of you
couldn't go for Clinton for that reason
when it comes to the environment I got
your back and I'm committed to that I
mean that that's an obvious right there
very obvious I really appreciate that
you are pointing out that it's not a
protest vote no those people would not
have shown up they get to come out and
it to express themselves in a in the
democratic process they get to express
their views that's why we love living in
America and our voting process Hatton
wasn't set up so okay you know what
you're a Democrat you're a Republican
you got a vote Democrat all the time you
got to do that that's when you know
you're real American if you just stick
with the party
don't go anywhere else that's not voting
and so when she says why would anyone
cast a protest vote why would anyone
cast a vote for a green party in Ohio
and there's so much at stake well here's
why because the Democratic National
Committee backtracks on ban on fossil
fuel donations so if you're a green and
environmentalist you can't give your
vote to these that's why
what do you mean why because the Deborah
Kerr very wise we have put pipelines
crisscrossing this country is because
Barack Obama repealed the regulation
that had banned
exporting fossil fuels
so that's why if you want to know why if
you're an environmentalist and you care
you get to vote for a green candidate
and if the Democrats need the Green
Party's votes maybe they should stop
doing stupid like this you can't do
this and then call somebody a Russian
who's an environmentalist who doesn't
vote for you
when 70% of the goddamn district isn't
also but this is just it's madness what
has happened and why is it mad because
good people are doing crazy things why
else wouldn't somebody vote for them I
don't here's another reason why former
Obama officials are riding it out that
Trump ears by cashing in there all this
guy right now is working for predatory
loan companies predatory the Timothy
Geithner oh that's why that's why
someone wouldn't vote I couldn't give my
vote to these if I Russian
am I a bad person because I won't vote
for war now now we're we have so tipped
everything upside down and backwards
that people who won't vote for war are
somehow immoral people who won't vote
vote for the despot for the destruction
of our environment are somehow immoral
that's upside down and backwards and
crazy and if you vote don't vote for
these people you're a traitor
you're a traitor if you don't
vote for these people that's how bad
it's gotten here's what John Blackman
says he goes so you do know that if the
green stayed out of your private
elections I love that he calls it a
private elections no it's awesome
you know if the green stayed out of your
private elections not a dozen of those
voters would vote Democratic there's a
reason they register to vote green
they aren't Democrats for sake
half the goddamn nation doesn't even
vote why don't you convince them about
your Democrats there were 70% of the
people in that Ohio 12th district that
didn't vote and the Democrat couldn't
convince them to vote for them they're
not offering them anything
well there may have been 500
moderate Republicans that when they thaw
saw three choices were like up I was
gonna go Democrat but now I'm confused
there's another tweet for you Billy
Eichner says dear Green Party can you
please wait to make your symbolic votes
at a time when our government isn't
being overrun by white supremacists
could you be more condescending this is
the worst voter outreach in the
world this is not how you get people to
 vote for you Billy we around the
street maybe you should ask people what
would get you to vote for someone ask
them when you're on the street as
opposed to when you're on your yacht
come at me I don't care come at me I
don't come at me come at me with your
symbolic tweets you know Jimmy this
reminds me that the Democrats are in
cells damn in cells where where they
want you to vote for them but they have
nothing to offer you had you're the
Democrat so I'll be the Democratic I'll
be like hey I'm a Democrat you're gonna
vote for me what are you gonna do for me
nothing do you see the other guy he's
worse than me you have to vote for me
now vote for me right well I don't
understand anything what are you gonna
do I'm not gonna do anything for you but
if you don't vote for me
someone shitty will be shittier than me
will be there now what are you gonna do
are you a Russian or what that's that's
that's like the guess we the Democratic
Party does you like the Democratic Party
was teaching guys how to hit on women in
a bar they go up to they hey would you
hey do you want to have sex with me no
then you have to either me or that
 the ugliest guy in the place and
know that falling off the
barstool
that's your alternative you either
me or him and that's it no I'm actually
gonna have sex with someone who's
attractive that I like you can't do that
like their insults yeah it is like their
insults you can't have sex with some of
anybody you just feel like it you have
to get me or that the ugliest
guy in here who's fallen off the
barstool we don't have chance in a
democracy so he says dear Green Party
can you please wait to make your
symbolic votes at a time when our
government isn't run over one by right
supremacist
I'd like to uh dear green party so
sincere uh yeah I know we need radical
change now more than ever but could you
please wait to whether it's a better
time for you to participate in democracy
I don't know when that time will be but
I'll let you know when it's here I'm
Billy Eichner dear Green Party an actor
or TV personality will let you know when
you're allowed to exist except if that
TV personality of celebrity is Susan
Sarandon then you can't listen dare
Green Party stop running for president
focus on local allow whatever just go
away anyway Green Party votes our
symbolic vote says the guy that voted
Democrat in the most blue state in the
country so here's what the humanist
report says about these people he says
Daryl rich pretentious pricks if you're
not pushing for rank choice voting and
telling your followers to tell their
representatives about House Resolution
357 and nationwide RCV bill you can take
a seat so what he's talking about is
rank choice voting which solves this
problem but the Democrats aren't pushing
for rank choice voting you probably
don't even know what that is because the
Democrats never talk about it because it
would actually not give them an excuse
anymore to blame someone for their
losses so what rank choice voting is I'm
going to explain in the next video so
check the next video and watch rank
choice voting and you'll know what it is
and that would solve all this problem
but they're not pushing that you don't
even know what it is because the
Democrats never mentioned the solution
to this problem here's the inherence
Kathy Griffin now Kathy Griffin I like
Kathy Griffin hilarious that show on on
CNN her New Year's Eve show without her
it sucked I was home with the flu this
year on New Year's so I watched it it
sucked
without Kathy Griffin it sucked she
really makes that show
but here's her tweet let's get to her
truck so there's all the nice things I
said about her I'm gonna criticize this
tweet of hers she says Green Party
voters no one is saying you can't vote
for your candidates mm-hmm wait a minute
pretty sure that's what you're saying
let's see let's read forward but don't
tell me you care about the environment
if you know your vote will make the
difference between a Dem winning over a
Republican and you still chose to vote
for your candidate who has no chance of
winning
so again Kathy those the Democrats don't
own the Green Party's votes people
register as greens because that's how
they think that's their conscience
that's how they feel the Democrats are
in bed with fossil fuel companies how
could you so I'm glad that they're you
know Trump now has woken some of these
people up you know Kathy Griffin now is
interested in politics because of Trump
and I'm happy for that
well you can't enter into the debate and
your and your big and your big idea is
the same people who vote their
conscience that's a real horrible way to
participate in political debate by she
voter shaming and telling
environmentalists they have to vote for
people who are in bed with the fossil
fuel industry warmongering democrats i
live in california the bluest state of
the blue state of the country and my
Governor Jerry Brown Pro fracking so we
have fracking if this sounds familiar it
might be because this reasoning has been
deployed since America's first elections
and especially since 2000 when Ralph
Nader won more votes than Al Gore's lost
margin in Florida the state that decided
the 2000 presidential election few ever
raised the fact that three hundred and
eight thousand Democrats voted for
George W Bush in Florida that year
over nine times the thirty four thousand
votes for Nader here's Adam best hi I'm
a Green Party voter I love the
environment so damn much I keep
accidentally electing climate change
deniers who are owned by the fossil fuel
industry
do I get a cookie now for being a
nonconformist no you get a cookie for
not knowing what you're talking about
you get a cookie for having a surface
level understanding about how politics
work you get a cookie for doing what the
establishment wants you to do because
that's what you're doing you get a
cookie for supporting war mongering
anti-environment maniacs I guess you
don't you're not up on the news you're
not up on the news cuz you don't know
about this again this is the opposite of
how politics works you don't get to wag
your finger at people to get them to
vote your way you're supposed to do
voter outreach you're supposed to offer
them something that's how politics works
and if you're running for government are
you for running for an election and you
can't convince the greens to vote for
you that's your problem you have to
figure out a way to get them to do it
this is the worst way voter shaming is
the worst way to do it
condescending to them is the worst way
to do it on those people who
aren't voting for you the worst way to
do it the best way to do it would be to
try to get the Democrats to stop taking
donations from fossil fuel companies so
they're in their pocket maybe some
greens would decide to vote for them
maybe if they had a Pro environmental
record maybe you could get some
environmentalist to vote for you it's
like trying to get black people in Miss
panic people to vote for Joe Arpaio
hey you better vote for Joe Arpaio why
because there's someone worse the
that's not how politics works and all
these celebrities who are new to
politics not well-informed are actually
wagging their finger at vitalists who
are super informed so
please now check out the next video it's
called it explains how rain ranked
choice voting works and then we won't
have this problem anymore thanks for
watching please make sure you're
subscribed even if you think you are
you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
