everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
have special guest Steven Jaffe is with
us hello Steven how are you hello Jimmy
I don't know if you don't know Steven
he's running he's running against Nancy
Pelosi for Congress oh my god
we need to get rid of Nancy Pelosi you
know I'm partisan on this and well let's
find out what you're all about Stephen
Oh Stephen why are you running for
Congress against Nancy Pelosi I'm
running for Congress in the 12th
district Jimmy because the people of San
Francisco deserve a voice in Congress
and they do not have a voice in Congress
right now they're represented by a
person who perceives herself as a
national political figure but she does
not vote and act like a representative
of the people who live in the city I've
been walking around for several years I
think I know what they want and how they
feel and she does not vote the way that
they want her to vote the biggest
example of that which we can expand on
would be this single-payer issue but
there's a whole list of other issues in
which I sharply differ from her and
agree with my future constituents well
all right fantastic so you're a real
progressive I believe so right so you're
for single-payer correct dear for a
living wage yes all right you're for
ending the wars oh yes okay fantastic
you almost gave me out my heart escaped
there for a second how do you feel about
free college tuition for state
universities well I think that that
should exist I think that the policy
reason behind that is that our country
has a reason a public-service reason to
have educated people that's the reason
that kindergarten through high school is
free and there's no reason to stop at
the at the university level I think the
same reason that we educate people
through high school we had AI educate
them through college education is as
important as anything it affects things
like science deniers climate change
right things like that
so I feel strongly in for free public
education so you would be for a free
public education from
kindergarten to 16th grade oh yes okay
yeah and and grad school if for things
like medical school
okay I need doctors fantastic well
you're you're an educated guy yourself
you're all you're you've been a civil
rights attorney and an employment lawyer
for 46 years now as an employment lawyer
you didn't you didn't represent
companies you represented employees
exclusively right that's correct I will
not represent any employer I will only
represent employees because of my my
beliefs and values and because I'm just
not wired to represent an employer okay
well Nancy Pelosi is very wired to
represent the employer that's one word
she's very wired I mean that she brags
that she's the biggest fundraiser in
Congress which is why she's a leader
people don't realize the way you become
a leader at waiting the reason why Nancy
Pelosi is the leader in the house is it
because she's an actual leader or she
has a vision and that she wants to take
us in a progressive way the reason white
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer are the
leaders for the Democrats in Congress is
because they take the most money from
big corporations Chuck Schumer from Wall
Street and they pick them by the way
Chuck Schumer is picked by Wall Street
because he's the weakest most spineless
guy in the Senate that they could
control completely so that's why they
pick him Nancy Pelosi gets the most
money she will fund raises the most from
anyone so and then she takes that money
she gets from big corporations and big
to money donors and she spreads it
around to her friends and Congress so
they vote for her to become the leader
so she's not an actual leader right so
just so people understand well why Nancy
Pelosi is pretty repulsive why is she a
leader that's why she's a leader okay
we're seeing it now how the Democrats
are caving how do you feel about how the
Democrats are handling right now the
budget debate because they just cave
twice on daca now 9 out of 10 people in
the country are for daca the Democrats
won't even stand up for the most popular
thing in the world
they won't represent the people they're
supposed to represent but thank you that
is exactly the reason I'm running for
Congress because I do not aspire to be
the Democratic leader
or anything else other than the
congressman from the 12th district I
want to represent the people in the city
I've lived in since June of 1970
fantastic all right well um another
thing that kind of drives so we've seen
what happened so what would how would
you handle this debate what this does
this budget battle right now would you
go along and give Trump everything he
asked for would you fund the wall and
for asking for absolutely nothing in
return which is what the Democrats are
getting well I would not cave the way
that I perceive Senator Schumer caved or
the way that I felt my opponent caved on
several other issues in the house and
that's because a couple of reasons one
it's the wrong thing to do but secondly
when you cave it's been proven no lay no
less than just a few hours ago you make
a deal with the Trump administration
they're gonna change it anyway anyway
yeah so you can't make a deal with
somebody who's gonna change the rules
after you make your deal so the you know
what did the Dems get back for caving
for this nothing
all they got I think what they think
they got was not being blamed for the
shutdown which they are being blamed
anyway right so their donors didn't want
them to shut down the government so
that's this is what just so everyone
knows what's happening the reason why
the DEP Democrats are completely caving
and getting absolutely nothing
even though nine out of ten Americans
support daca it's unbelievable the most
unpopular president the most unpopular
Congress and still the Democrats can
stand the reason why they're doing this
a double cave in one week is because
their donors told them don't shut down
the government and so their donors told
them screw over the people who you're
supposed to represent and keep open the
government means you represent me the
donor isn't that what happened that's
exactly what happened and that is
exactly what happens on the big
single-payer issue which is the biggest
issue I think in San Francisco Nancy
Pelosi says while I'm raising all this
money but who did she get it from you
asked the right question in in the case
of single-payer she's getting money from
Big Pharma for-profit insurance
companies and health care providers and
she's not taken that money without
giving something up that's right they're
not charitable institutions
what do they want they wanted votes yes
so good and then she votes their donors
and when she passes out the money to the
other Democrats in the house she says
I'm gonna give you this money but you
vote the way I want you to right and
that's why she opposes single-payer
because all of her donors have a huge
stake in making sure single-payer is
never passed by the Congress that is
exactly right all right the Democrats
today love to say about what Putin's
investment wasn't Trump in the election
but they never talk about what Goldman
Sachs investment is or Eli Lilly right
or Big Pharma or Big Oil what is their
investment when they give you money what
that F do you think they want back for
that they want something okay we know
exactly what it is they want you to
legislate in favor of corporations and
not in favor of the people who you're
supposed to be representing now Stephen
you have a record of not coddling up to
those people so Nancy Pelosi has spent
her whole career sucking up to people
who run corporations and rich people and
wealthy donors you've spent your whole
career fighting them and standing up to
them that is correct and I have three
proposals which I think will fix that
situation what are they well if I'm
elected I'm gonna introduce in the
Congress to constitutional amendments
and one federal law the constitutional
amendments are one raising the right to
vote to a constitutional level most
people think the right to vote is a
constitutional right it is not they're
shocked to hear it is not it needs to be
and that can be done with a
constitutional amendment the other one
is to abolish the holding of citizens
united and to hold that free speech is
not a right of corporations a
corporation is not a person for the
exercise of free speech that will change
everything that we've been talking about
the donors the legislation I have in
mind I call the federal election
integrity Act which is going to be
legislative law to preserve and protect
the fair transparent and unbiased
elections around the United States it
has a lot to do with what's called open
source software paper ballots in places
they are used methods of sampling it
gets a little
but it is essentially to preserve fair
elections from tampering and tinkering
from evil forces which I think are doing
some of that right now so your your big
three things would make the right to
vote a constitutional guarantee get rid
of citizens united and have open and
transparent elections that would be kind
of reform them so right now there's no
paper trail in lots of places because
people vote electronically which can
easily be flipped on you can't check it
that's right and it's flipped by
proprietary companies which own the
software that calculate the votes and
they won't show it so I think that's an
outrageous situation the other thing
that can be done Jimmy is I'm very much
in favor of public financing of
political campaigns that's something
that can be done quickly and if passed
into law and that will mitigate a great
amount of the effect of citizens united
because progressives like me who are
running against the money to the 1% like
my opponent will not have to go begging
to corporations in order to get enough
money to run a viable campaign and what
do people in San Francisco now you've
been there since 1970 why do they keep
voting for corporate Democrats like
Nancy Pelosi why do you I mean they're
supposed to be actually you know awake
and lefty and why would they vote for
such a corporatist warmonger like Nancy
Pelosi over and over what are you here
in that district well I'm the first
challenger to her in recent memory
okay I was coming at her from inside her
own party all of her recent opponents
have been npp no party preference or
cindy sheehan ran as a green but I'm
coming at it from inside the party right
so that's given me a little momentum
that other people haven't had plus she's
had a terrible two years and she's
vulnerable right now
she keeps saying really kind of
ridiculous things which I'm sure I've
see I've seen him talk about yes and
shown videos and she's vulnerable and
there is also a the election of Trump
has changed everything there is a wave
of progressive enthusiasm
and you know I'm trying to be part of
that and so all these things I think
will combine plus our two our top two
primary system will help me right so
what we have a special system in
California where the Democrats don't
just vote in one primary in the
Republicans voted another everybody
votes in the same primary and the top
two vote-getters then face each other in
the general in the fall so it could be
it could be two Democrats which it's
probably gonna be or it could be two
Republicans but it's California so we
know that's not gonna happen
right so in Latin what happens in
California is even Republicans call
themselves Democrats so that's why we
have to be very careful when we vote
Democrat in California because lots of
those people aren't actually what you
would consider Democrats they're really
Republicans and Democrat clothing which
is the whole problem with Chuck Schumer
and Nancy Pelosi the Nancy Pelosi vote
for eighty billion dollars extra for the
military-industrial complex yes and I
think the military budget I think is the
only word I can describe it with is
obscene it is up see it is it is obscene
and the reason for that is that in my
opinion the United States of America is
culturally and economically addicted to
being in a perpetual state of war it's
4x endless war and it used to be that we
made weapons and defense industries
existed in order to make weapons when we
needed to go to war now we go to war
to keep these industries busy that's
exam is is inverted and stood on its
head and that's got to stop so had has
gotta stop after World War one all the
companies that were making armaments
went back to making whatever they were
making before right after World War two
they just kept making bombs they didn't
stop right so that's what's happening
now
and Eisenhower warned us about the undue
influence of the military-industrial
complex he looks pretty good now doesn't
yes he does
and it's real so that's where we're
spending over half our budget on the
military it's great we don't have but we
don't even have a threat in the world
you know Russia spend sixty five billion
dollars a year we we upped our spending
eighty billion over what we were over
the half of trillion dollars we were
already spending
it's crazy how much money well we're
bankrupt this is how empires and we make
so much stuff that we are military can't
use all of it it's all sitting around we
sell it to foreign countries we sell it
to police department then they're
getting militarized because we're
selling all this stuff to police
departments let me ask you about also
Nancy Pelosi which is a lot of people
don't even talk about anymore we just
take it for granted we live in a
surveillance state where the government
collects every phone call text and email
you make we have no constitutional
Fourth Amendment protections and she
keeps the vote he voted for the Patriot
Act she wouldn't impeach George Bush and
now she says she wishes she had him back
she said that Nancy Pelosi Nick she
misses him she misses Jonas ISM yeah she
misses George George Bush the guy who
started the legal war did like to the
American people used 9/11 to then start
his illegal war Nancy Pelosi misses that
guy are you sick and tired of those type
of people I'm sick and tired of those
type of people thinking that we're
supposed to vote for them I'm not voting
for that anymore
and that's why I'm glad there's a guy
like Steven Jaffe here because you won't
vote for it and bloated military budget
will you'll vote to reduce it right that
is correct and I want to use those
reduced funds to fix the infrastructure
around the country I view myself as kind
of an FDR Democrat but a 20-18
edition of FDR I think his values are or
they don't go away I love his values but
they have to be articulated and
implemented in a way that will resonate
in 2018 so the WPA worked very well in
30s to pull the country out of the
depression
we need something similar to fix the
infrastructure in 2018 and beyond so
Nancy Pelosi son hung out on New Year's
Eve at mar-a-lago with the Trump's yes I
saw that
what's your heaven Eve well my response
to that was it's a big club but you
ain't in it because that Pelosi son
couldn't went to a lot of parties he
could go into any party he wants he went
to Trump's party at mar-a-lago what does
that tell you well I don't know where
the light bulb is for that particular
individual but what that tells me is
it's a
percenter hanging out with more of the
one-percenters yeah and you said we're
not invited to that party yeah that's
right
that's right let me uh let me ask you
this uh money in politics when people
talk about they talk about citizens
united but I I think I would like to
know how you feel I think it needs to go
further than that we need to have public
financing of our elections which would
save us a lot of money just like
Medicare for all would save us a lot of
money if we had public financing of
Federal Elections that means that
politicians wouldn't have to go suck up
to corporations for money
it's one of my planks oh so that is that
is a plank in my platform what tell me
about public financing yes it's done in
its on state and local levels time to do
it federally yeah it will remove this
gross discrepancy in disparity between
the money being spent by corporations
and individuals and there's no reason
not to do it
uh well you know Stephen I'm you've
stood up to the to the corporate that's
the thing like you have a track record
of standing up and right now the
Democrats are proving once again that
they are paid they're chosen to be weak
dick Durbin Chuck Schumer these people
can't cave and they caved in twice in
one week they get got nothing for it
nothing and they only asked for one
thing they asked for one thing which was
docket now they're not even asking for
what you're supposed to ask for a
million things by the way there anyway
so I'm glad that you're here I'm glad
that you're running at least people now
in the district it's the sixth District
correct lost even six district 12th
district of California 12th district so
this is Nancy Pelosi's 16th election Wow
she has been in there 30 years she wants
to serve really another she wants to
serve 32 and Nancy Pelosi knows I've
told people on this show this that when
Republicans around the in mid and the
middle of the country run against the
Democrat they don't run against their
opponent they run against Nancy Pelosi
and they say Nancy Pelosi and it always
that's she's a big drag on the party
Nancy Pelosi is a drag on the party and
that's a big reason why they've lost
eleven hundred seats statewide they get
wiped out in the Congress under Nancy
Pelosi's leadership and Nancy Pelosi
still doesn't step down as leader even
though she knows that she's hurting the
party by being in the face of the party
she still remains the leader and that's
because these are ego maniacs and Nancy
Pelosi is also a hundred millionaire am
I correct how much what's her net worth
well it's estimated somewhere between 28
million and two hundred and eighty
million so that that is hers that does
not include her husband's who's probably
at least equal or greater so so they're
the kind of people who get so she's been
in Congress for thirty years and now
she's worth somewhere between twenty
eight million and two hundred and fifty
million you know what kind of people
amassed that kind of money when they're
in government criminals those are the
kind that's not me saying that that's
Truman said that okay so that those are
the kind of people will get rich while
they're in government selling you out by
the way to the highest bidder which is
why you Nancy Pelosi she's been in
Congress for thirty years you still
don't have public option you still don't
have single-payer you still don't have
free college and we have the biggest
income disparity since the middle ages
that's with her in power one of the big
