hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guest former
national political outreach for the
bernie sanders - coordinator for the
bernie sanders campaign and now he's
heading up a movement for a People's
Party it's Nick Branagh hey Nick how are
you hey Jimmy so I wanted to talk about
this because it's a perfect guy to have
to talk about a third party there was
another guy who I'm a big fan of who
used to always talk about the need for a
third party and well let's let's listen
to what he had to say this listen what
he had to say but in the beginning this
is what would happen
you had the Democratic candidate running
for something in the Republican
candidate historically Vermont had been
a Republican state moderate Republican
not right wing and then Democrats and
then we had a third party and what would
happen is debate after debate television
program after television program the
progressive third party people would in
fact get the best response from the
audiences and people would say you know
you guys make a lot of sense and then
you go up to Lucy Hannah vote for us and
they say of course we're not gonna love
you you can't win I'm gonna vote for the
Democrat you're a much better candidate
everything you're saying is true but we
can't waste our vote waste a vote was
the expression so if there's any term
that drives me crazy is this quote
unquote waste Oliver so that's what
Bernie used to think in the 90s if
there's anything that drives them more
crazies is waste your vote okay here we
go now my own view and it has been my
view for many many years is that what we
need in this country is what Jackson
calls a rainbow coalition but it has to
be done outside of the Democratic Party
so what Bernie was is advocating for
right there is a third party he's
advocating for a progressive movement
that's inclusive that is a rainbow
coalition meaning it has people of all
colors in it in all nationalities and
ethnicities
that's your rainbow coalition and it has
to happen outside the Democratic Party
let's see what else yes
[Applause]
and I say that here and I'm delighted to
be here with TSA because they are a
non-sectarian work with them and you
know we recognize that honest people
will have differences of opinion but my
own feeling is the arguments of working
within the democratic party and without
go as follows
the argument for working within the
democratic party is that people said
well that's where the working classes
that's where the unions are let's stay
within that people are familiar with it
that's been their home for many many
years there's truth to that some choose
the argument against working within the
democratic party is that for millions of
Americans both parties are looked upon
with division with this respect polls
show that half the American people don't
even know the difference between the
Democratic and Republican Party and I
can tell you very honestly this is just
as a practical politician which is what
I am when I campaigned in Vermont and I
don't think Vermont is terribly
different in this respect than any other
state in the Union you know we went all
over the state and we shook probably
3040 thousand hands I don't think that
more than a dozen times people came up
to me and said Bernie I can't vote for
you because I'm a really strong Democrat
and I believe in the Democratic Party
or I'm a strong Republican I believe in
the Republican Party they don't I think
what ends up happening is people don't
see much of a choice there's the option
you know you've got the Democrats
Republicans sometimes this one's a
little bit worse sometimes this one's a
little bit better well I think that by
standing up and telling the truth
that both parties are controlled by big
money which is clearly the case that
neither party and I don't want it and I
should tell you by the way that within
the clock and by the way everything he's
saying has gotten way worse just so you
know this is I think this is pre
Telecommunications Act this was what the
early 90s he was saying this stuff
everything's gotten wait would they want
to deregulate Wall Street after that
they went on to gut met health welfare
they exploded the prison population
after that they did NAFTA this is also
it's gotten way worse so all this stuff
that Bernie was saying then it's
actually way worse his case is he
actually ten times
stronger now than it was back then and
in the Democrats you have a lot of good
people and I'm not here to put them down
some and you know their names
good people who year after year have
fought the good fight but I think that
nationally the party has on issue after
issue sold out so many times that if you
go before the people say hey I'm a
Democrat
you don't usually generate a lot of
enthusiasm you don't usually generate a
lot of enthusiasm and now what is he
doing he's running around the country
trying to get people he's sheep dogging
people into the Democratic Party with
not a lot of enthusiasm as Nick Branagh
points out twice as almost twice as many
people consider themselves independents
as committed to either party about 27%
for Democrats and Republicans each right
around there and about 46 47 percent of
Americans consider themselves
independents which is almost twice as
much as the people who consider
themselves allied with at a party and
Nick what's that other statistic even
people inside those parties one a third
party right more more than half of
Democrats people who call themselves
Democrats not the ones who left and many
of them left millions of them left the
half who still are still there say this
party's so bad I want a third party I'm
only here because you know I don't have
it and what's weird to me as Bernie
Sanders still runs as an independent at
for Senate which is when one of the
highest offices in the land so he still
believes in running third party
I guess just not encouraging other
people anymore well that that's the
great tragedy about Bernie is that
Bernie you know for almost all of his
life believed that we needed a third
party believe that we needed you know
independent politics was a path the
Democratic Party was not like you
pointed out now the political situation
is even more aggravated working people
have a you know an even greater degree
of suffering Democratic Party is you
know indistinguishable from a Republican
Party in terms of how much it's in the
hands of corporations
military-industrial complex Wall Street
big example health insurance
the fossil fuel companies their lockstep
with Republicans supporting all those
things so the difference is that now
Bernie has now the public supports what
he supported back then the public was
not as supportive of what I'm saying now
the public is where he was in that video
he's that and he's not here's what here
so here he sat down with Al Jazeera and
I think May and what watch this is this
is gonna be tough to watch but we got to
watch it here we go what I am trying to
do now is to transform the Democratic
body so you heard all that stuff he just
said all that stuff's he's been saying
for thirty years about why you got to
have it's got to happen outside the
Democratic Party and as soon as he gets
into a position to make that happen he
flips and he's like not nope not gonna
do it well here we go what if this is
gonna be tough I'm not kidding Bernie
Sanders has emerged as one of the most
popular politicians in the u.s. at this
moment at the same time a lot of your
progressive supporters aren't very happy
seeing you out on a unity tour with the
DNC they say this is a party that burned
you that undermined your campaign that
is not moving to the left that has not
learned it's lessons from the election
why waste our time on that okay I know
what happened during my campaign but I
also know what Trump and his extreme
right-wing billionaire friends are
capable of doing to this country so what
I am trying to do this is the olds this
is the old you have to vote Democrat
because the Republicans worse right and
believe me if it wasn't Trump he would
be saying the same thing about Ted Cruz
or he would be saying the same thing
about Marco Rubio or he would be saying
the same thing about Chris Christie or
he would be saying the same thing in bed
blitz just because it's Trump I swear to
 god it doesn't matter it does
not matter whoever it is they're gonna
say it would be Sarah Palin or John
McCain they would say the same goddamn
thing they have been they have been
saying the same thing you're after
you're after your every election every
election you know Souma there's so many
people out there who say yes an
independent party a third parties what
we need ultimately but after we're in
like a you know right now not now you
know put it on hold for now yeah
we gotta just tria but what has that
gotten us nothing every year after your
guys drummer after your it's the same
situation and people don't think it can
get worse it can get worse worse it can
get worse and it will get worse that's
the point until you break the cycle
right you know because the further you
go down that cycle to the less motivated
people are to come out and vote for
either of the parties you know that's
why you've had declining turnout that's
why half the country doesn't vote and
now Bernie finds himself in a position
to do exactly what he's been talking
about you know for years and that's the
great tragedy is that Bernie could blow
up these two parties these two Coreys
easily he won't do tomorrow well what
it's and speaking of it getting worse
let's watch a little more cuz it's gonna
get worse now is to transform the
Democratic Party transform it and we're
having some success some success and
that is make it into a grassroots party
where you come in you want to come in
you come in and you go to the meetings
and what's happening in California
progressives are gradually taking over
the Democratic body that's not what's
happening in California that's not true
Bernie is skating that's a he's
peddling because I'm gonna tell you what
happened in California cuz I was part of
it we all came out inspired by Bernie
Sanders to take over the Democratic
Party we knew there are more progressive
than corporatist in California and so
what did we do
I got out of a sickbed so did my wife
we're both sick with the flu
we got out of bed sick put on our warm
clothes in January went down it were
there was a line down the block for
people to get in to vote inside the
Democratic caucus for our Democratic
delegates inside the pin side the party
to take over the Democratic Party in
California we won we wiped out the
corporatists we had way more Bernie
Kratt show up way more progressive
showed up and we took over so when a
time came for go to the state convention
and to and to have the final vote for
the chairman of the party and all this
stuff turns out there's super-delegates
on the state level there's
super-delegates on the state level
and their hand picked and hand appointed
and so we didn't get to take over and
guess who's the chairman of the party a
 pharmaceutical lobbyists who
lobbied against Bernie's bill in
California to lower prescription drug
prices he is now the chairman of our
party so when Bernie says that he's
either completely misinformed or he's
bullshitting you
those are that those are the two options
either he's bullshitting you cuz he
knows better or he doesn't know better
he's completely misinformed which is how
could he be misinformed but he is here
we go we're seeing really good things in
many parts of this country come on in
fight for a progressive agenda and
that's what I'm trying to do now now
will I succeed I can't give you the
answer maybe I won't maybe the
resistance is social but I do want to
also say to you with somebody who knows
it's funny he uses the term the
resistance will I succeed in
transforming the Democratic Party
maybe the resistance meaning the hash
tag the resistance what are they really
resisting they're not resisting Trump
they're resisting progressivism that's
what they're resisting and that's kind
of ironic that he slipped and said that
it's kind of a Freudian slip well maybe
the resistance is yeah the resistance
more about this to anybody in Congress
doing third party politics is not so
easy and if you think oh boy we don't
like the Democrats we're gonna slaughter
third party and Wow when a couple years
maybe you know maybe but who is this guy
who who is this guy did you remember did
you remember the video I just showed you
from the 90s who is this guy
oh sure you want to start a third party
it sounds great what are you doing he
sounds like those people who were
dismissing him during the 2016 primary
that's what he sounds like oh yeah you
want to have oh sure everybody wants to
have fries things under the tree
Christmas tree you want to have
medicare-for-all an education and free
stuff that's what he sounds like right
the greatest irony is that Bernie's
success you know in 2015 everybody wrote
Bernie off he said you know Bernie's not
gonna get anywhere right because he has
no money the meat you know he has no
media the media's against him he has 3%
name recognition you know that the
party's already made its choice it's
over the things the charade
you know they've picked they have an
anointed candidate but Bernie had
something he proved that there was
something more powerful you know he
proved that that revolutionary
progressive message was actually more
powerful so Bernie struck gold for the
progressive movement by dismissing what
all of the pundits said about how you're
supposed to campaign and what you need
to win that was it and he ran under a
totally different theory of change he
said you don't win by getting the
super-delegates on your side
you don't win by getting the party
establishment the billionaires the
corporations the military-industrial
complex you win by going directly to the
people and telling them the unvarnished
truth yep that's what he did in 2016 and
it blew everyone away and guess what the
problem and the big risk now is that
when Bernie runs in the Democratic Party
in 2020 that core of his appeal that
authenticity that message that is
speaking directly to the people won't
exist like it did back then because his
theory of change has morphed and it is
morphing we see it in real time and this
is a statement about the party not
necessarily about Bernie this is about
the power of the party and every
institutional incentive inside the
Democratic Party when you win the few
people who make it in every
institutional incentive makes you more
conservative you have to suck up to the
neoliberal committee heads and Gracie
ate yourself with them so that they you
get your bills heard you know you have
to get in order to get them to the floor
in order to get votes you have to become
friends with these conservative
politicians who are there with you you
have to make sure that you don't get
primary you know by sucking up to the
party leadership as well and so you
don't lose your job and you don't lose
your income that you have you know you
have to support conservative candidates
Blue Dog Democrats running in swing
districts so that you can flip chambers
every institutional incentive inside the
party makes you more conservative that's
why everyone who goes into the party you
know gets watered down in terms of how
progressive they are including Bernie at
that that's Bernie you know you brought
up earlier Jim
you know how many people have unseated
congressional income how many
congressional incumbents have
progressives unseated so how many how
many corporate Democrats have been
successfully primary by the Justice
Democrats our revolution brand-new
Congress how many progressives have
successfully primary corporate Democrats
this season so far the answer is one
that's a Alexandria Cascio Cortez and
Joe Crowley that's the only corporate
Democrat who's been successfully primary
two years after Bernie's 2016 run that's
it and here's something that is just as
bad it's the fact guess Jimmy how many
incumbents how many corporate incumbents
for Congress for governor you know for
Senate has Bernie endorsed against zero
I'm gonna get zero just one just one
just Marie neoman against Dan oh that's
right dan Lipinski in Chicago right so
that just got that that is one of the
greatest illustrations of this point of
what the Democratic Party does to you
you know at the same time that he wants
to challenge these people he has to
ingratiate himself to them by being
there because he wants their support in
2020 because he wants their support for
you know Medicare for all bill because
which he watered down unfortunately in
order to get some of their support you
know because he wants them to change the
party rules you know so this is the
process through which you go into the
Democratic Party and you become an
incrementalist so Bernie has definitely
become an incrementalist and the only
thing I say is that one so when he would
start every campaign speech in 2015 and
16 by saying sounds like you're ready
for a revolution he wasn't being
intellectually honest because here he is
able to actually implement a revolution
and he's not he's what is he doing he's
propping up the two-party system that's
and he's any promising and he's like
we're trying to do from the inside
that's incrementalism anyway let's get
back to this because it gets more
painful it's not been the history of the
United States I wanted to ask you about
that your friend dr. Cornel West in
addition to people who worked on your
campaign have said let's leave the DNC
we need to go start this third party
this populist progressive People's Party
and we want senator Bernie Sanders at
the helm I love I love Cornel
accept the invitation no I don't right
now right now what I am trying to do is
to transform the Democratic Party now we
will see if we you know starting a third
party it is easy to slot it it is a lot
more difficult to make it into a strong
reality is it harder or easier to reform
the Democratic Party than it is to start
a third party and pressure them from the
outside to reform the answer that's
obvious and so that's another
tactic that's that's what he
just said sure it's easy to start which
it is so there's all this stuff about
how hard it is and it can't be done is
 it can be done it's been done
the Green Party had ballot access and 46
states or something like that
you only need bad ballot access in about
20 states to win the presidency because
of the electoral college and the Green
Party did that with like a miniscule
fraction of the resources that have been
spent in just this election cycle on
progressive Democrats right you know so
like just a small fraction of the amount
spent on progressive Democrats in this
cycle could have created a major new
