hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i have a special guest today you
know him friend of the show Dylan
Ratigan and you know he was he told the
truth about the banks on n MSNBC one
time we didn't see him too much after
that
and now he's running for Congress in New
York's 21st district under the slogan we
can fix this please welcome to show
award-winning journalist
Dylan Ratigan hi Dylan Jimmy it's a
pleasure and honor how are you I'm doing
fantastic now tell me why you're running
and what you want to accomplish well if
you look at Donald Trump as the protest
vote that he was against a broken
political system that's been abusing so
many of the people of this country for
decades the only thing that exists today
is the opportunity to move through the
wreckage of the Trump presidency and the
protest vote that it represents not to
try to return to the lies and broken
system that created Donald Trump but
rather to move through the wreckage into
a position of creating what we actually
want by debate but by doing the reality
check Jimmy that Donald Trump has forced
upon us which is that our political
system is broken that our political
system has made banking and trade and
health care and education and war
policies that have been abusive and
destructive to the potential for human
beings in this country that we've taken
human beings and looked at them as as
liabilities to be managed
rather than assets that are the core of
our basic existence we prioritize
insurance companies over patients we
prioritize bureaucracy and education
over students we prioritize theatrical
war and murder over any strategy of any
kind or honesty about the fact that
we're really in this for oil we lie
about our banking and trade policies in
a way that we tell people that it's for
the benefit of America when in reality
it's completely destroying the
possibility for investment or real jobs
in places like New York 21 here in
upstate New York but really it's one of
70% 70% of the congressional districts
in the country Jimmy have experienced
the exact same thing that has plagued
upstate New York and you can either sit
around for
rest of your life complaining about
these things or you can step up to the
plate and offer some representation and
leadership to move us forward to a place
where we can have a reform in our
political system and we can have honesty
about what's broken in our political
system and we can start to drive real
movement towards where we want to be in
this world which is into the
decentralized into the distributed away
from the centralized powers and in that
transition create not only the jobs but
the stability adaptability resilience
and possibility for people that has been
stripped from them because of the system
that we have found ourselves subject to
over the past three four decades yes I
would agree I would agree the problem
you outlined the problem we are a
corporate aqua sea and that no matter
what it is if it's Wall Street or if
it's insurance companies they're the
favored always are we're always
legislating in favor of the big guy and
we're screwing over our people which is
why half the country's poor low income
63% of Americans can't afford $1,000
emergency 50% of all wage earners are in
less than $30,000 a year and 28 million
Americans still don't have health care
in the richest country in the world so
my thing my question is now you're not
how specifically can we fix this like
what would be your idea figure just
starting with Wall Street
what would you try that would you
introduce legislation or what would you
do yes well first of all you can't even
introduce legislation without first
enrolling the people that you represent
in your district so my priority is to
spend as much time as possible with the
half-a-million people in my district
helping them understand what has
happened validating for them
the truth that they know in their gut
they know the feeling in the stomach
Jimmy they know they've been abused they
know that they have been abandoned they
know that they have been taken advantage
of to acknowledge that and then say to
them listen we together can bring a
message to Washington DC as a
congressional district not just as a
leader not as a Congress person but as I
represent
of a congressional district that
explains very explicitly here is our
vision we are going to sell renewable
energy in the case of upstate New York
we'll sell it to Montreal we'll sell it
to New York City we're going to develop
our agriculture and our economy to sell
to New York to sell to Montreal we're
going to develop our district in a way
that creates a robust environment and in
the process we are going to highlight
how abusive the banking and trade
policies are that make it so difficult
for us to accomplish this and use the
leverage of the awareness of what we are
doing what we are in favor of more
renewable power completely conversion
complete conversion renewable power
complete access to health care
completely driving the energy towards
where we want to be as opposed to
resisting where we are and as we move to
where we want to be Jimmy we highlight
and lean against the establishment for
their abuse of the people of upstate New
York and again 70% of the districts in
the country to showcase how difficult it
is to get where we want to go in the
face of abusive trade and banking
policies and use that leverage to begin
the process of demanding reform for
those policies by enrolling other
congressional districts that are very
similar to the one that I'm seeking to
represent to create a coalition that
demands a reform in that way and at that
point you can introduce legislation that
drives towards the support of community
lending and investment and the
resurrection of fair trade policies that
benefit the country I mean you have to
move away from a specific policy Jimmy
and understand what is the basis of all
policy and if the basis of all policy is
the well-being and improvement and
health and opportunity for human beings
that is a very different set of policy
conversations in every single subject
and that is where I intend to go III
agree with you it's but the the problem
I have with it is that it sounds a
little vague now I understand you want
to sell renewable energy you want to
have agriculture explanted but Bernie
Sanders caught on I think because he was
specific with policy he
said he was for free college he was for
taxing Wall Street to pay for that these
are specific things and he was for
Medicare for all those are things that
people can really galvanize around and
so are there anything like that that you
can throw out it right now at us
I mean well listen I agree with the
Medicare for all of that that is that's
a necessity I agree with that state
college should be free I agree that tax
policy needs to support that actually in
an efficient way I how and here's where
I differ from Bernie Sanders Jimmy what
we are paying for an education what we
are paying for in health care is
extremely expensive and extremely
inefficient and so simply shifting the
burden of payment from the private
sector to the public sector without
understanding what we are paying for are
we really paying for learning are we
really paying for health or are we
simply transferring the burden of the
costs to the taxpayer for a grossly
inefficient system that does not
generate health that does not generate
learning but simply generates billing
for a bureaucracy and so the only reason
I truly give you any hesitation to
simply jump fully on board with
everything Bernie Sanders said he
believes in because I agree with him
there needs to be universal access to
health care obviously state universities
need to be free all those things make
are extremely rational and makes sense
but we asked the wrong questions Jimmy
which is not just who's paying or how
much are we paying but what are we
paying for and how do we pay for what we
actually want which is health and
learning as opposed to simply shifting
the cost around based on political
rhetoric while either bankrupting
ourselves in the private sector or
bankrupting ourselves in the public
sector whilst not achieving the goals
that we seek which is education really
learning and health does that make sense
that that makes sense you know when
Barack Obama was elected the first time
in 2008 people like Barney Frank were
recommending that we cut the Pentagon
budget by 25% that was in 2008 we are
now spending 40 percent more on our
Pentagon budget than we did at the
height of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars
forty percent more there was never a
town hall meeting about this there was
no discussion there was no op eds
Anderson Cooper didn't go to in West
Virginia and interview people nothing
there was no discussion about this and
so we have the money it's not at this
idea that we're broke and we can't
afford stuff is crazy we can have nice
things like the rest of the world except
our government has been captured by
corporations right so now you're gonna
go up against corporations which means
you're gonna go up against people like
Chuck Schumer who's in bed with Wall
Street which he allows that last tax the
the deregulation of dot or the gutting
of dodd-frank to happen because he could
have stopped it and he didn't and then
about 12 Democrats won in lower 17 went
along with it so how do you fight
against the Democratic machine that's in
bed with the people that you're trying
to fight you have to be in favor of what
you are believe in Jimmy you cannot go
to war with those systems and those
people you have to enroll the people of
the district in this case upstate New
York New York 21 in a vision of where we
are going we have to create the momentum
of hundreds of thousands and millions of
people driving to what we want universal
health care free education efficient
systems and you have to ignore the
people that you're talking about Jimmy
in order to build the momentum that is
necessary to overwhelm the resistance
not based on a political conflict with
people in Washington DC or in New York
or Los Angeles for that matter but
rather by creating the momentum inside
of the district to get where we all want
to be and make that momentum so powerful
that it's impossible for anything else
to happen does that make any sense yes I
understand exactly what you're talking
about a grassroots movement and you
overwhelm the fine but I'm talking about
creating a vision for where we want to
go as a group because we can fix this
but only we can fix this in a Buse just
try to uncork into some political war of
manipulation you're going to lose they
are better at doing that they will
always be better at doing that the only
path forward is to enroll the district
itself in a shared vision and every
congressional district that is like this
one in a shared vision of where we
intend to go and to work together to go
to that place on education
on healthcare on the economy on economic
development on banking on trade policy
by doing it from the district out as
opposed to through the manipulations of
Washington DC so in starting around 1980
worker productivity and their share in
their and the fruits of their labor have
been decoupled right so productivity
keeps going up and up but yet wages
remain stagnant which is a big reason
why Donald Trump got elected right so
now I was so you see people like Jeff
Bezos who becomes the richest man in the
history of the world at the same time
the people who work for him on food
stamps and pee and bottles and I you
know that guy's a megalomaniac and he's
running our economy and he owns the
Washington Post and he's in bed with the
CIA and he sits on a pentagon board I
don't know do you see any problem with
any of that I I do I believe that we
have to look at this moment Jimmy to
Teddy Roosevelt and the period of the
last industrial revolution we have got
we are going through and have are in the
process of experiencing yet another
Industrial Revolution and it's not
industrial in the steel and aluminum
sense of the word it's industrial in the
sense of the shift of how we deal with
information and networks and how we
distribute product and people around the
world a natural consequence of this
shift this industrial revolution that we
are experiencing is a complete
consolidation of money and power inside
of the most powerful monopolies in the
history of the world I would offer you a
couple of thoughts
the government's obvious path is to use
antitrust law not to break these
companies up a la the railroads because
the network Amazon's Network and
Facebook's network is their value
proposition here's what you do Jimmy
your personal data
Jimmy doors personal data is your
personal property and right now it is
being harvested and monetized by
Facebook Amazon and the others what you
do with any trust law has not break the
network which has incredible value to
you Jimmy Dore me and everybody else in
this world but you use the antitrust law
to shift the ownership at these
gigantic monopolies not into fragments
of little tiny pieces like it's the
railroads in 1910 but rather to shift
ownership down to the network users so
that all of the equity in Facebook in
Amazon resides with those who are the
value in the network which is the
customers and the users and in the
process you change the world's
perspective on data because data is your
personal property your data Jimmy is
yours my data is mine and as people come
to recognize and the government steps in
using any trust law to defend personal
data as an economic and personal asset
that is inviolable it's no different
than taking the cells of your body it's
no different than stealing your blood
your data is you and that data is being
harvested and monetized by abusive and
destructive monopolies however the
benefit of the networks that have been
created much like the benefits of the
railroads themselves are incredible and
so to destroy the network's is foolish
but to allow the networks to function as
they are without being confronted and
dissolved into a distributed ownership
that is the paradigm of the 21st century
using any trust law is destructive to
all of us as a people there's a path
Jimmy to keep these networks to keep the
benefit of these networks and in the
process resurrect basic personal
security and dignity by returning
ownership of our data to ourselves
please make sure you subscribed it only
takes a second make sure you're
subscribed and click that bell so they
give you a notice whenever we drop a
video and if you can become a page when
we give you hours of bonus material
every week our next live shows June 30th
in Portland Oregon and we do a super
silent chat every Saturday that's our
live stream you can ask us questions
that we answer back that Saturdays at 2
p.m. Pacific plus we run steam it we're
steaming it right now
[Music]
