hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
we have a special guest of progressive
politician who's running for state
assembly here in los angeles and first
of all his name is dr. ron Birnbaum dr.
Ron bombbomb how our youth and welcome
to the show thank you great how are you
I'm doing great I want to let everybody
know what who you actually are the
district what it covers
so that 51st Assembly District includes
the East Side communities in Los Angeles
of Echo Park El Sereno Eagle Rock
Highland Park Mount Washington Glassell
Park Cypress Park Elysian Valley
Angelino heights Lincoln Heights Silver
Lake
Chinatown Solano Canyon historic
Filipino town City Terrace
unincorporated East LA garbanza
University Hills Hermon and Monterey
Hill so if you live in one of those
communities he is running to be your
state assembly representative and he's a
progressive Democrat I'll tell you a
little bit more about him he he was a
son of Argentinian immigrants he was a
physician here he's a lifelong Democrat
don't hold that against him he's a
veteran union member and he's a veteran
and a union member and a Democratic
delegate welcome so much for being I
thank you so much for being on the show
and welcome now tell me why are you
running well oh so that's your big issue
is your Medicare for all
yes we're leading with that issue but
you know you know what some and let me
just say this when when dermatologists
are running for office you know there's
trouble in the country and you know so
Medicare for all that seems to be the
litmus test for progressives you're for
Medicare for all the only problem is the
speed the current Speaker of the
assembly as a Democrat his name is
Anthony Rendon he campaigned in his
platform he says he's for Medicare for
all except he's not now so what how can
we be sure you're actually for it well
you know I I guess
look I'm not new to the issue so I don't
know how old you are remember the old in
1994 I did signatures outside of the
Safeway on Market Street in San
Francisco near Castro Street to put a
single payer you know initiative on the
ballot issue 186 which got clobbered and
you know so we're we're yeah so I'm not
new to it and I you know I don't know
like some people have to take that at
face value but at least I've been
consistent about it the whole time okay
okay so we got you're consistent you
have a track record with Medicare for
all and I really do feel like that's a
litmus test for progressive Democrats
right now become because it's the
biggest issue and it's the biggest
chance if Medicare for all pays it
proves the right wing I mean if it if it
passes it will prove the right wing
wrong that government doesn't work
government does work right now in lots
of different ways you just have to be
good stewards of government Medicare
right now is the most popular health
insurance program in the whole country
right so now your your your election
tomorrow is it mean is tomorrow so
people have to go to vote tomorrow and
and so tell me
so you're the progressive dr. Birnbaum
is the progressive you're running
against her so your polling right now it
number two or number three what do you
what do you would think so tell me
what's different between you and the
number one person in the race well you
know I think I am the number one person
in the race but I I don't know what you
look at okay yeah you know I'll tell you
what we're there's there's a couple
things that I think are are different
and you one of them is you know you have
to know who you're working for in
whatever you do and you know as a doctor
I wouldn't take any money from like
pharmaceutical companies or gifts and
that's what I thought was the right
thing to do and you know when we went
into the race I just said well we're not
going to take any money from
corporations because you know you should
be able to work for people and I thought
that was just sort of ethical but it
turns out it's unusual it's radical
actually and being ethical is a little
unusual I guess in this milieu and yes
yes and so I you know so and you know
I'll tell
something funny which is yeah I have
somebody who does the she runs the
finances from my campaign where it's
very hard and when I told her you know
we're not gonna take any money from a
corporation she almost quit because you
know she her thing is like well if you
don't do well you know I don't give my
you but my you know I have to actually
you know get a job and I said well let's
just try it and then it turns out that
you know people like that saying and so
actually I raise more money than
everybody else and so yeah but the point
yeah and then it turns out that if I win
and I think we will that I'll be the
first person up in the assembly or the
legislature who got there that way so
that's one thing that's just different
than the other candidates Wow that is it
that is a big deal so you are not taking
any corporate cash and it turns out just
like when Bernie Sanders announced that
he wasn't taking corporate cash he then
raised more money than anybody ever
thought he could so that same thing
happened to you so you dedicated
yourself to the people and the people
supported use that would happen yeah yes
and we were you know like you know we've
raised money by the old-fashioned way
like asking people to give us money one
person at a time and then also using you
know other ways that people do it but
yeah people responded that message and
you know and you have to follow the
money in the race you have to follow the
money in general and one of the funny
things that people and I've seen I saw
when I was a dog you know I am still a
doctor but in medical practice or in
politics you'll see this funny thing
that people will say which is well I
take money from whoever I want but I
still do the right thing all the time
and you know so first of all well they
don't and you know second of all I mean
the that I'm you know it's kind of like
that's like a Lake woebegone thing which
is like I'm above average in my ability
to resist the temptation the human
temptation to reciprocate when paid and
so you know it's just not true and then
some what they'll say then to is well
look at my voting record right and I've
seen I've heard this now from lots of
politicians look at my voting record it
turns out that your voting
record isn't the whole story right it
you can you can kind of slow walk things
where you don't real you sort of say you
support it but then you don't really do
it right you you drag your feet or you
don't show up or you do something other
than passing the thing that people need
and so you know well for instance for
instance I the point you're making
for instance Anthony Rendon who's now
the Speaker of the assembly he's the
leading Democrat in the assembly he said
he's been for single-payer even before
he ever heard of Obamacare yet here he
is the leader of the Democrats Democrats
have a supermajority and he doesn't have
a plan or a vision or an idea how to get
his idea of Medicare for all implemented
into law he has no idea how to do it
even though he decided to run for
government then run for the leader he
still has no idea how to implement his
policy positions to me that sounds like
a Democrat who's lying right well now
let me you know see their Jimmy your
what you're doing is kind of trying to
read minds and I'm not very good at that
right oh yeah I like to take him at face
value and take people at face value I
tried and you know he says that he's for
it and then he has you know various
objections I will say something which is
that you know anybody then and I guess
have to include him who takes money from
interests who are against this kind of
thing you then wonder if if those are if
those are governing their
decision-making process but let me set
that aside and like I said take that at
face value a lot of people say well you
know he's a speaker and he has this
responsibility to try to keep the super
majorities and you know that begs one
question which is what's the purpose
what's the point of having a
supermajority if you can't implement
your agenda exactly so is this a self
licking ice cream cone to have a
supermajority or does it have a purpose
and so I'm gonna say it has a purpose
but but there's another way of looking
at this which is instead of saying you
know if if his concern is that people
will you know lose if they vote for this
that
they lose their seed or whatever I'm
gonna suggest something different which
is and why I think this election that
I'm running it is pretty important which
is I've been sort of a hundred percent
clear the whole time that this is the
term of like the signature issue for us
I'm not a one-trick pony I believe it
there's a whole bunch of other important
issues but we've been 100 percent clear
on this and I think people are
responding to that tremendously and so
if we win this race this guy and I'm
adopted and like you know I haven't been
like hanging out at every neighborhood
council meeting I have been schmoozing
for years from you know and I've got no
objection to people who you know want a
political career but what I'm saying is
I will there people may come to a
conclusion which is this guy just came
out of the blue more or less I've been
working doing some good things as a
doctor said he wasn't gonna take
corporate money he said he wants to do
Medicare for all and beat a bunch of
people who you know who were doing other
things that may start to change the
equation for people across the state say
hey maybe you don't want to be on the
wrong side of this issue which is
incredibly popular when you ask people
it's like seventy percent of people are
for it so what I instead of my my
strategy is speak you know speak around
on I want to make you famous
I want to help you be the guy pass
Medicare for all and I'm there to help
and you know the people of the 51st
district they're here to help which is
they want it they think they're gonna
pick us somebody who's strong for it who
can yeah was a doctor and you know that
may matter and yeah that will make it
clear that you know if you pass this
well yeah there's a guy who came to
speak at my college gym right he was a
at the Speaker of the House of
Representatives long time ago yeah I'm
dating myself he was quoting another guy
in I can't remember T even and the guy
said you know if you look you know a
politician looks towards the next
election and a statesman looks towards
the next generation and I'm telling you
and everybody here if we pass this then
that is a governing sort of that will
help Democrats govern for a generation
in this state
cuz people in this state will say
these people solve this this terrible
problem once and for all so I'm taking a
very positive attitude towards the
speaker and taking it at face value
which is he thinks we need to do some
you know improve the legislation well
I'm gonna come and try and help
legislate and and you know that's like I
said make him famous wow that is the
kind of that is a beautiful answer to my
query thank you very much that's exactly
what you should be saying what I like
about you is that you actually have a
personality you don't sound like you
don't sound like a robot so that's nice
people might be able to actually connect
with you so that's a good thing yeah
it's not like you have a good bedside
manner as a physician I also want to let
people know who's also endorsing dr. Ron
Birnbaum he's been endorsed by the
California Nurses Association which to
me that's all you need to know right
there he's got that at row Cana a friend
of the show R O'Connor who also is
making a commitment to get my corporate
money he doesn't take corporate money
Zephyr Teachout we're all fans of the
progressive Zephyr Teachout yeah and so
those are people who are endorsing dr.
Ron Birnbaum for the state assembly here
in California he's running in district
51 and hearing him talk right now he
seems committed to progressive Medicare
for all and if we could get Medicare for
all in California it will then go occur
through the rest of the country a and B
it will prove that the right ring is
wrong when they say government can't
work and when they say hi I'm from the
government and I'm here to help you
that's the problem that is not the
problem government is us coming together
to solve problems we can't solve on our
own and just right like right now in
Houston Florida's Puerto Rico before and
and now with health care so we come
together we did it for our seniors
people don't realize that in the late
60s most senior citizens were in poverty
3% of senior citizens lived in poverty
they passed Medicare and 10 years later
11% of senior citizens were in poverty
so it was a great that's a great
anti-poverty program is Medicare for all
you seem committed to it the big thing
is that you got to get out and vote
right now so I don't know when you're
watching this we're making this video
on Monday October 2nd the election is
October 3rd correct yes it's tomorrow's
Tuesday so whenever you're watching this
video if it's Monday go tomorrow if it's
Tuesday go today and I don't have any
problem endorsing a good progressive
that's also endorsed by the California
Nurses Association so tell me so you're
on board you're a real progressive good
luck to you what it was the final word
you like to leave for people to get them
motivated to vote what hey you know like
people the people in this dis is a
progressive district and it has the
opportunity to send somebody to
Sacramento who is clear speaks from
Guittard
or her heart and it you know it has
values that reflect the values of people
in district and and I think those are
they want they want to end a health care
problem by solving it this way and you
know the way there's a lot of the work
to do so
look I'm just we're just excited because
people when you talk to people like
they're human beings and not idiots when
you tell people what they tell people
why you're trying to do what you're
trying to do you try to be
straightforward they respond to that so
that's what we that's what we got gone
alright dr. Ron Birnbaum thanks for
taking time with us thanks for hooking
up your Skype for that for us I
appreciate you doing that that's very
nice thanks for having a personality in
a sense of humor and I really wish you
all the best of luck outstanding thank
you thank you love your show okay
Portland Oregon the Jimmy Dore show is
coming to the Alberta Rose Theatre
November 12th and we're going to Burbank
California November 6th and the
Hollywood improv on October 16th there's
a link for tickets right down there go
to jimmy dore comedy calm for all legs
for all shows
