hi everybody welcome to this week's
Jimmy Dore show I'm here with her
miserable liberal of Rob black-owned I'm
still miserable money Audi yay so Barack
Obama is gonna build his Presidential
Library in Chicago right that's where
I'm from Chicago and he's gonna do it on
the south side of Chicago and what I
heard that I was like bye but they'll be
good for the neighborhood when I heard
that I was like I bet that'd be good for
the neighborhood and then I thought well
it'll be good for the neighborhood if
they do it right you know if they make
sure that people don't get displaced we
cover because of it if they make sure
that the jobs go to the people who are
local the jobs go to minorities the jobs
and then it creates some jobs and it
helps the it helps the community it
doesn't just gentrify the community do
you see them saying so it doesn't just
displace because most of the people in
the neighborhood it's called the
Woodlawn neighborhood where this library
is gonna go our renters right so they're
not owners there's a this is a poor
neighborhood and they're renters so
let's see so Barack Obama actually
addressed this he was giving a speech
the other day and he talked about this
let's hear let's hear a little bit of it
[Music]
rents might go up he heard a couple
people a couple people first of all
there are citizens action groups all
across the city that are pushing back
against us in cutey including the
faculty at the University of Chicago but
he heard a few people saying that the
rents might go up well I don't know
let's go to let's go to a real estate
website that sells that sells stuff in
Chicago woodlawn home values soar as
Obama library draws new interest to area
Wow he heard a few people say rents
might go up turns out the real estate
guys know that the home values have
soared Redfin
reported that between February and July
woodland had the third highest increase
in estimated home values compared to
that of its metro area in the country
there's a few people I've heard a few
people say they're afraid the rents
might go up
that's the neoliberal that's
what Barack Obama's giving you right now
it doesn't end that he's out of office
if he really cared about anything he
would be working on stuff Jimmy Carter
is still building homes for homeless
people if he cared he'd be in West
Virginia putting on a soft shoe with
those teachers or Oklahoma if he cared
he'd go to Flint and make sure maybe he
took some of his 85 million dollars that
he's worth and gave those people some
water that he didn't take care of when
he was president so now he says that he
heard from a few people so he's just
lying and bullshitting you and
gaslighting you which is what Neal
liberals do and Barack Obama is the
chief neoliberal so let's go back to the
stupid speech so this is Barack Obama
setting up a false dichotomy because
things are bad somewhere that means we
can just do this gentrification thing
that hurts people and communities
pushing back against it so he's fat he's
this is him setting up a false dichotomy
you know Jimmy I just really have to
point out that he was in office for
eight years without a jobs program and
what except we're gonna get to that of
course that's exactly what this is about
he was president for eight years you
want to help the south side of Chicago
maybe that was the time to do it maybe a
jobs program building infrastructure you
know when you had complete control of
government in 2009 remember that in 2010
remember that you had complete control
of government and you had a
filibuster-proof Senate for a few months
- could have did anything you wanted
so let's get back to his stupid speech
and something is a respirator chief
[Music]
but our what yeah but if it was the
Middle East you would drone them so
Harry see it's either you have what I'm
offering you or your kids are gonna get
shot on that block this is what he's
doing this is the art is this his
argument literally for gentrification
[Music]
[Music]
and someday I hope to be in a position
of power to make that stuff happen
hopefully someday I can do something
about the tax base and the southside of
Chicago the education kids get remember
me and Artie dunker Duncan we applied
corporatism to education we had
competition remember race to the top it
was all bs it was about pushing people
to charter schools and gutting the
teachers union am I wrong about that
stuff it's awful yeah merriest here he
is trying to tell people he's actually
trying he's gonna help people dude you
were president for eight years hey at
least he brought more vegetables into
the schools and buy vegetables I mean
pizza a little bit I already showed you
the biggest increase in home prices in
the country in the top three
where he's put in his library coz of it
if it goes up a little bit
what what let's say he's saying that his
library's gonna bring jobs to the
community and if rents go up a little
bit people can pay it because they have
more money
well let's so let's let's just hear the
rest of this and then I'll give you the
rest of the story okay yeah yeah there
should be one in place there isn't and
you we got to make sure there is but
there isn't one and in case something
like this happens we got to make sure
that we encourage affordable hug why are
you already encouraging affordable
housing why you got to make why do you
have to pretend like well if in the
future if some crazy scenario happens we
have to make sure that we have a thing
what again if I I'm not over am I
overreacting to this I'm surprised they
don't just want to make sure that
there's access to house hey there's
access to at one of the mortgages like
ten times higher than when I was
expecting yeah but it I mean it's there
you could buy it you really yes it could
it's there you have access to it there's
a bank that accesses you you know what
I'm listening to this Jimmy and I just
it feels like he isn't even that
convinced what he's saying no he's
merely bout that this whole thing let's
let you write stuff good observation
sometimes people get nervous about
justification why a lot of times people
get nervous about gentrification a lot
of times people he makes it sound like a
lot of times people don't know what
they're talking about and they get
nervous about gentrification that's what
he said a lot of time people get nervous
you mean rightfully so you mean
rightfully so do you mean rightfully so
ok here we go now he's going to talk
about gentrification but instead of
talking about gentrification he's gonna
tell you about some random story about
himself that has nothing to do with
anything you think I'm kidding so now if
the word gentrification has been spoken
people are afraid of it here's what
Barack Obama says about it
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what's on the south side for this group
national quick twenty years Washington
because the presence because of the
presidency
I just want about everybody you know I
was president I did that no because
there was the presidency I had to go do
that you know how I had to do the
presidency by the way he did say that
people are getting afraid that rental or
job gentrification and that he did say
rightfully so so I'll give him credit
for saying rightfully so after that
[Music]
again that says again he's just no a
straw man though now he doubt
neoliberals moved to a straw man no
one's saying there's too much
development on the south side of Chicago
that's not what people are saying he
knows it again he's mealy-mouthed thing
because he knows he's bullshitting right
yes so that's all the video I have from
that I found that video on Twitter and
it made me start looking into this I'm
like oh wait a minute let me look so I
saw this to him talking about this in
such a disingenuous way I was like I
wonder what's going on with the Barack
Obama library so that's when I went to
that real estate website and I found out
what the real estate people are saying
you saw what they're saying it's the
biggest boom ever and this is from
Politico meet the community organizers
fighting against Barack Obama a
community organizer the library is a
great idea but what about community
benefit agreements CBA's community
benefit agreements Taylor asked she's a
Taylor as a community activists
referring to a contract between a
developer and a community organization
that requires investments in or hiring
from a neighborhood were a project is
built that's called the CBA's community
benefits agreement the first time
investments come to black communities
the first to get kicked out is low
income and working class people why
wouldn't you sign a CBA to protect us so
that so this woman Taylor is a a
community activist on the south side she
went to a hearing in Chicago where they
were allowed to talk about that they
were gonna have give public questions
turns out Barack Obama was on a video
there and you could ask your question
directly to Barack Obama this woman did
not know that he was gonna be able to
ask Barack Obama directly she says this
directly to him she says the library is
a great idea but what about community
benefits agreements
and she says to him the first time
investment comes to black communities
the first to get kicked out as
low-income and working class people why
would you why wouldn't you sign a CBA to
protect us she says that to Barack Obama
um having some connectivity problems how
yeah I said your question I can't hear
I'm sorry Michael wolf and I have the
same earpiece fire and fury fire and
fury jump is bad rush up see you gotta
go to Italy gotta go to Italy so here's
here's what has so here's what Obama
said back she literally got to ask Bravo
say that to Barack Obama why wouldn't
you sign a cba to protect us she
literally got to say that to him Barack
Obama this is how it's in Politico
Barack Obama was measured as always he
began by telling Taylor quote I was a
community organizer the question that's
not the question then he said I know the
neighborhood I know that the minute you
start saying well we're thinking about
signing something that will determine
who's getting jobs and contracts and
this and that next thing I know I've got
20 organizations coming out of the
woodwork okay that's still not what
she's asking why didn't you sign the
CBA's the answer infuriated Taylor who
pays $1,000 a month for a Woodlawn
apartment she shares with her mother and
two children and is worried that the
Obama Center's cachet will drive up
neighborhood ransom months later she's
still furious at the former president
isn't that something
fake community organizer Barack Obama
neoliberal bullshitter Barack Obama look
Jimmy let me give a little background
information initially it was supposed to
be a library it was supposed to be just
a library and then it morphed into a
twenty acre private center yes that will
include a presidential center and
include a sledding hill and women's
gardens and a Sports Center okay no
wonder they're worried about this he's
got a lot of nerve saying that Taylor
told me
he's forgotten who he is he forgot the
community got him where he is that's the
set so that's a woman from the south
that's a black woman from the south side
of Chicago saying that about Barack
Obama since 2016 more than a dozen local
groups a dozen local groups neighborhood
organizations labor unions tenants right
activists have come together to form the
Obama library South Side community
benefits coalition which is pushed into
library to account for local needs at
the University of Chicago where Obama
once taught at the law school of more
than a hundred faculty members signed a
letter in January supporting the demands
of local organizers it's up to 200 now
now it's up to 200 although the Obama
Foundation has signed a private
agreement with its contractors that
guarantees minority hiring local
activists say it doesn't provide enough
public oversight of the project or
address the issue of gentrification it's
an ongoing battle that activists have
taken all the way to Mayor Rahm
Emmanuel's office and that may have
implications for next year's alder mana
collections Obama now finds himself on
the receiving end of the same demands
his younger self once made to Krusty
Chicago politicians he derided as Ward
Heelers the contract that community
organizers are demanding the community
benefits agreement would require the
city to freeze property taxes within a
two mile radius of the Obama center
guaranteed us Agera n-- t a significant
guaranteed set-aside of new housing for
low-income housing in the area
surrounding the center it would also
require the foundation to establish a
trust fund for nearby public schools and
small businesses and mandate that 80% of
library construction jobs go to South
Side residents so this is what they want
from the president back when Barack
Obama was a community organizer a
project was known as a peace his
successful campaign to
pressured the Chicago Housing Authority
into removing asbestos from all kid
gardens at the Ida B Wells Holmes was
the asbestos piece Obama even chartered
a school bus to Housing Authority
headquarters where he where I'll tread
residence at in the hallway outside the
director's office insisting he visit the
projects he did Coalition organizers
believe their campaign is exactly the
kind of piece Obama himself would have
worked on when he was in their position
30 years ago but that was then before
Harvard before politics before the
presidency for them Obama has gone from
sticking it to the man to being the man
of course he would have done the same
thing before she says but now he's part
of the establishment so now you know the
rest of the story
so now you know Barack Obama's
neoliberalism does not stop after he
gets out of the presidency it's still
going you want to know why you got Trump
Cabos people have no jobs how
about that how about there's a woman
worried about her $1,000 a month rent
going up and Barack Obama tells her to
go bounce and cuz if I try to
help you I have 20 different
organizations coming out of the woodwork
yeah and you know what you're supposed
to do you're supposed to and deal
with them that's what you're supposed to
do you neoliberal son of a you're
supposed to deal with them not dismiss
them this is why we have Trump you
this is why Barack Obama's in a position
to help people and guess what he's not
I'll throw it
you guys it's this guy this is just more
disgusting neoliberalism by Barack Obama
this is Mick resistance this is
this is you know it's you have to twist
Barack Obama's arm to get him to freakin
take care of people in his own
neighborhood I think we just need to
build my goddamn Center and let both
sides play out well you know this this
is public lands like these this area is
historic lands that they want to protect
which is I think also interesting and he
fails to even say anything about that
like I'm protecting these these lands
but one article from the Washington
Examiner it states that hold on that
they're gonna have to get approval from
the Environmental Protection Agency
under the National Environmental Policy
Act and they don't really know how
Trump's administration will approve this
or not ha ha ha ha
see when you're when you're a shitty
president for 8 years and you turn your
back on your own people and you turn
your back on your own neighborhood and
you turn your back on workers and you
get in bed with Wall Street and
management that's why we get Trump and
they ain't stopping their knots this
isn't stopping they're not stopping
right now the Democrats in the Senate
are teaming up with Republicans to
deregulate Wall Street again right now
people are hurting in this goddamn
country and guys like Barack Obama don't
give a
nor does his wife he's not doing
damn thing D this is the reason you got
Trump because of such a shitty nerdy
liberal president like him
that's why you have Trump it's not
because of Jill Stein or 13 Twitter box
from Russia it's because this
establishment sucks this hard he won't
even take care of the people in his own
goddamn south side of Chicago
neighborhood dismisses people who are
afraid they're gonna lose their housing
dismisses them that's a guy worth eighty
five million dollars Barack Obama Wow
he was poor got in government now he's
worth eighty five million dollars as
Harry Truman says the only people who
get rich in government are criminals
hey Brock why don't you go do another
speech for a bank and then tell me about
how you care about workers once you go
open up the Arctic to drilling again
then tell me how you care about the
environment
once you go let the cops shoot off
someone's arm in North Dakota and and
and then tell me about how you care
about protesters let cops crack the head
of Occupy Wall Street people across the
country and then you tell me you care
about freedom of speech and fairness in
our economic system doesn't end his
neoliberalism is not ending so go ahead
and blame Jimmy Dore for Donald Trump
because it's too hard for your weak mind
to accept the real cause of Donald Trump
and the real cause of Donald Trump is
neoliberalism and Barack Obama was the
chief executive of neoliberalism for
eight years
made the bank's bigger gave us a
right-wing giveaway to health care plea
a plan that's his plan was a giveaway to
a big pharma and healthcare it left 30
million people uninsured
that's Barack Obama no price controls
whatsoever the reason why the West
Virginia teachers are striking is
because their health insurance premiums
are going up and they can't afford them
and the reason why that's
happening is because when Barack Obama
had complete control of government and a
filibuster-proof Senate he decided to
not even give us a public option he
decided to give us a right-wing giveaway
to Big Pharma and the healthcare which
still screws over everybody and he's ok
with screwing over everybody if he can
make it look like he's not I'm a little
bit less shitty than Donald Trump this
is what lefty news organization should
be talking about neoliberalism and the
cancer that it is and why we got Trump
but they're not I just saw a delete the
head of a lefty news organization tweet
out today bragging he's doing three
Russia stories on his show today
meanwhile people at South Side of
Chicago our friends are gonna lose their
 house and you wonder why we got
Trump real easy to wag your finger at
