hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show now you all saw the former trump
aid noon burg meltdown on TV he was
being interviewed they smelled alcohol
on his breath he kept saying he wasn't
gonna testify and now he's turned he
said he's gonna testify and he said that
he'd that the investigation into russia
gate was trying to implicate Roger stone
and so Roger stone is back in the news
again here's Roger stone this is him and
he has been alleged to be in collusion
with WikiLeaks although he's really not
WikiLeaks has proven that they're not
and he keeps saying they are well here's
what Chuck Todd and then Chuck Todd
brought up the name of Randy credit co
so Chuck Roger stone says his go-between
between Julian Assange and him is a guy
named Randy credit co but Chuck Todd
mispronounces his name right and right
here and ask him about Randy credit oh
except he doesn't say his name correctly
here we go
who is Randy Craddock Oh Randy credit no
I'm gonna guess he says Craddock Oh cuz
it sounds more Russian instead of credit
Cobo here we go who is Randy Craddock Oh
Randy credit co was a confirming source
on July 12th of 2016 a sign said in an
interview that he had information on
Hillary and he would publish it
I knew that credit Co knew a sign I
asked him whether this was true couple
of days later he confirmed that it was
he did not have any comment about the
source or the timing or the content of
those disclosures I testified about this
under oath to the House Intelligence
Committee mr. credit Oh chose to plead
the fifth amendment did
now I'm going to bring on right now
Randy credit oh there's the man they're
talking about it's not Craddock oh it's
Randy critical hi Randy are you there
yeah credit go let's go with credit go
something something out of a Dostoevsky
are you know what are these old novels
Tolstoy Goethals okay so radec go
so Randy tell us again how you end up in
the middle of this story please I have
been in the middle of it for about five
or six months Roger stone has been
identified as a guy who somehow he
insinuates himself into the story a year
and a half ago
right after I think it was August of
2016 he comes out and says I have a
direct connection with WikiLeaks with
Julian Assange any downgrades that
downgrades it Dini appears before this
committee this house Intel committee
four or five months ago and says a 47 he
reads a 47 page opening statement 47
pages longer than a Strom Thurmond
filibuster so he finishing he wouldn't
give them the name of the so-called
in-between person so he gets a subpoena
doesn't even get a subpoena the threat
of a subpoena he says okay I'll tell you
it was Randy credito so I am now the in
between Julian Assange and Roger stone
and that is how I got into it and that
is nothing in between and that is false
and that is false you not a go-between
between Julian Assange Roger stone I
know more than I am for you alright
right in fact I I think I convey more
messages from you him and vice versa how
much he enjoyed the show
then I ever did with Roger stone you
know so I never was first of all let's
go back to this why would he give me
information that he's going to put out
two days later why would he tell me to
tell Roger stone here I'm gonna put this
out let me just totally totally up
the element of surprise and we'll tell
Randy credit Co and he'll tell Roger
stone okay and then Roger stone will
broadcast that a couple of days later I
mean it's just there's no logic behind
it but in the meantime since I took the
Fifth Amendment and the reason why I did
is because I did not want to legitimize
this
cheering I did not discommode you know
and dignify it the whole thing is a sham
though as you know as you have pointed
out time and again there's nothing there
there's absolutely nothing there's no
collusion the Democrats continue to
waste their time you know they have a
chance to win with a bunch of lousy
candidates they're terrible candidates
but they still have a chance to win and
this is the only thing in their playbook
now did you know I saw that interviewed
Chuck Todd did with Roger stone it
seemed like Chuck Todd well first of all
Chuck Todd could not lay a glove on him
and through through the whole interview
Roger stone seemed to be a schooling
Chuck Todd and how to conduct an
interview it was a what did you think of
the interview with Chuck Todd and Roger
stone to me it sounded like a big
nothing burger and Chuck Todd could not
lay a glove on him you what did you
think no he got he got nothing there was
nothing he thought that he had like this
it was I'll tell you what about as big
as the Al Capone
yeah prepare for something like the
Hindenburg all right that was a complete
flop it didn't get off the ground this
guy is a he is a terrible
interviewer and then he says my name
mispronounces my name even though he's
blocked me on Twitter he can't stand me
he's blocked me on Twitter so I can't
access anything he says because he
doesn't like what I have to say about
him so who is Randy Craddock oh well he
knows who I am it was like I said a
terrible interview I think he's an AW
Roger stone as if he had a huge you know
like he had like the biggest celebrity
who is nobody in this entire affair
Roger stone and said like a leprechaun
insinuated himself into the story he's
getting a lot of publicity he loves it
he totally loves us and Chuck Todd again
puts him back on gives him a platform
Roger can always say look well he told
me to watch his tweets Julien's tweet so
what does that mean a back-channel it so
he has like I said has put himself in
the story he's maximizing it he's
getting a lot of publicity his speak I
just spoke at Oxford alright so his
speaking fees keep going up even though
he's the Zelig of this entire Russia
gate inquiry so you're telling so so
Roger stone pretty much just invented a
role for himself in this Russia gate
Wikileak scenario by proclaiming that he
had a direct back-channel to Julian
Assange and then you were his
back-channel no no that's true but they
keep they keep getting Chuck Todd
brought him on for it I don't know if it
was a 15 minute interview was a long
interview and it works cluesive right
yes like when it's big exclusive but I
watched the whole I watched the whole
thing Randy and not not a goddamn thing
came out no information Chuck Todd every
time he tried to accuse Roger stone of
something reckless don't just shut him
down right and yes no Chuck Todd look
like an amateur he looked like an
amateur yes he did look like an amateur
so I don't even know what was the what
the point of that what he was trying to
accomplish in that interview do you know
what Chuck Todd was trying to accomplish
look he was playing off the night before
this guy Sam numbered yeah who I mean
he's a Rogers imagine that he's a Roger
stone acolyte he's like a big Roger
stone fan and he profiles himself as a
student of Roger stone Roger stone of
course was a student of Roy Cohn all
right so this is the kind of guy that he
is Sam numbered and he put himself out
there this is the big new the big
spectacle that's on MSNBC and CNN rather
than getting to what this entire Russia
gate affair is all about which is much
ado about nothing it's a waste of time
but that's their narrative somehow they
put him in he fits within the narrative
and what is going on here
okay underneath it all is camouflage
that's what Mueller's doing he's
bringing these guys in he's bringing in
guys like stone now to throw some
camouflage his real objective is going
after these guys on economic issues
whether it be tax a Haven right or money
laundering
there's nothing on the Russia gate deal
but the only way he can continue some
kind of push forward is to throw out
some red meat
Rogers donors read me and so people that
want to see Russia gate guys like your
congressman Adam Schiff they want to see
this thing go on forever and ever and
when you throw stuff like this out there
it gives it some legitimacy but he knows
Miller knows that there's nothing - he
knows there's nothing - the Russian Gate
story
there's no collusion but he's throwing
some stuff out there just sits it's a
sleight of hand it's it's a diversionary
ruse just to keep people focused on it
on it what his real objective is is the
economic stuff right but Chuck Todd is a
facilitator of this I mean these guys
are complete more you realize if he had
to change places with you if he had to
do his stuff on the internet he'd have
like no followers you have like five or
six people watching if you had his slot
you'd have like ten million people
watching if you had to do it from the
internet and I put it on YouTube who
would pay to see it who would watch it
it's only because it's free that you
watch it yeah not that yours cost
anything but you have to search for you
you don't have to search you put it on
you put MSNBC it's there yeah and you
know you don't have to do any she had to
do it your way
he'd have no viewers yeah nobody
wouldn't be talking about no doubt about
it if he had to go from scratch to try I
mean he was handed a successful show and
he's killing it Rob black-owned is here
he has a question for you Randy yeah
yeah first of all mr. credit score thank
you so much for coming on the show we
always but no so so just like to kind of
sum this up because I watched the whole
interview too and like hearing your
perspective on it would you say that in
the case of Roger stone and Chuck Todd
these are just two people trying to
enrich themselves through this whole
hysteria yeah of course they mutually
benefit from an interview like this he
like he's got an exclusive your honor me
he's finally got someone that's he's got
someone that's been hiding in the
Philippines for 30 years and he got him
out he's still in the interview but in
Roger stone he like I said he is spike
the ball right now you think he has he's
got plausible deniability there's
nothing that can happen to him out of
this thing because the only thing he
lied about was st. he had a back channel
and you could say anybody I'm your back
I'm both I'm everybody connected to your
shows back channel since I know Julian
Assange I know how to reach him so I'm
the whole world's back channel to him
alright a Roger stones my back channel
for Donald Trump so Chuck Todd of course
he is definitely makes us a big deal
he's got Rogers don't who's been thrown
off by the way for some of the things he
said in his tweet some nasty things whoa
network CNN and MSNBC have canned him
and prohibited him from coming back but
yesterday he was hot news and they
brought him back and he totally played
he's been playing these guys the media
the mainstream media now for a year and
a half well you know look it's great
showmanship you know you got to give the
guy credit he has been able to get a lot
of publicity promote himself he's got a
huge radio following he's got like
speaking his speaking price just went up
yeah alright he's gonna be up there with
Bill Clinton soon okay all right we'll
listen Randy I appreciate you checking
in with us keeping us abreast of this
what's what's what's next you think
forever you're controlling this Russia
gate well my role tomorrow is I got this
guy Michael Isikoff which got a new book
out with David corn you know those yes
and they're interviewing me tomorrow so
they want to give me the opportunity to
throw some cold water on their theory
they they both believe it but there's a
lot of money in Russia gate you
understand yes the Russia gate industry
all right it's the Russia gate industry
there's a ton of money for everybody
yeah and so I don't blame them that's
what they're doing right now you know if
you do anti-russia gate there's no money
and the anti Russia gates I don't tell
me there's only money in the Russia gate
side tell me about it yeah I'm with you
yeah well you've been on it I appreciate
what you've done and exposing the
Democrats I watch you on a regular basis
although I think
screw with me because sometimes I don't
hear the bell I'm supposed to hear that
Bell that's right phone sometimes I
don't but somebody's interfering with
you but I do watch you religiously and I
actually get you shine some light on
what's going on okay and please continue
you do a tremendous job all right you're
very sweet man
Randi critical enough I just want to get
back on like Roger stone the next time
he's on please I want to get back on
this is you've got that's like doing the
Tonight Show we did with Johnny Carson I
get more people that talk to me about
being on TV when I'm on your show than
anybody else's okay all right well when
was your radio still show still going
I'm still my radio show I've been doing
it on the west coast KPFA but what I'm
doing right now is something different
I'm going to be starting a different
kind of radio show I don't want to get
into it and it's an Internet show but
it's nothing like yours all right okay
so I'm gonna be doing that but nothing
like your it's a totally different kind
of setup and it's not although I'm going
to call it the Jimmy Dore Late Late Show
okay
all right Randy critiqued Oh or phrenic
Oh credit card that go that go where's
your rushing but I ski later thank you
tape up the great work
all right that's Randy we'll be checking
in with them later make sure you
subscribe to this show speaking of
subscribers because you know you're not
and also we'll see you March 26th in
Austin Texas second show just added plus
we'll see you March 30th in Burbank
California link for tickets right there
thanks for your support
Oh steam it we're also on steam it check
us out there's a link there too I bet I
bet there is
[Music]
