let's get to our story huffington post
says democrats aren't sure whether to
make Jeff Sessions pot crackdown an
election issue god damn it you gotta be
 man Wow the resistance now
refers to both progressives and logic
[Laughter]
the whole goddamn country is for
legalization of marijuana yeah in every
state's benefited and now here in
California like we're gonna we're gonna
crush it now like we're gonna crush it
now I mean as far as making tax revenue
often hmm I I hate the wuff anyway well
let's get to this I don't want to get
off on another thing but let's get on
this sessions needs to focus on issues
like strands national oh this is this is
Senator Kamala Harris said this she says
Jeff Sessions needs to focus on issues
like transnational criminal
organizations and what the nation needs
to do on investigating and prosecuting
human trafficking
hey how about how about you focus on
prosecuting minuchin when you were
supposed to damn let her know Jimmy
sessions needs to leave grandmas
medicinal marijuana alone she continued
with the Chuckle yeah that's Kamala
Harris mm-hmm senator by here's the
thing about Kamala Harris Ron tell him
about real Kamala Harris no come out
Harris gave lip service to legalization
of marijuana but one time came for her
to sign on to legislation Ron has she
signed on to anything she has not signed
on to any legislation and and when she
says she's for something like Medicare
for all she sounds like she's in a
confessional booth yeah you know I have
problems getting excited about her know
I'm preaching to the choir
so that's Kamala Harris that's you're
done that's your next twenty twenty
Democratic nominee
now here's Senator Mark Warner a
centrist declared that the move would
seem to be the absolute opposite
direction of where the country's headed
and one more example of this
administration being completely out of
step with where the both Americans are
headed and for that matter Democratic
and Republican state legislatures so
that's what Senator Mark Warner said
about Jeff Sessions reversal on the
Obama Marijuana thing and when asked
whether Democrats plan to use the
marijuana cracked-out against
Republicans in the November elections
some of the same Democrats keen to
clobber sessions we're not committal
it's way too early to predict that
Warner said oh no we can't I can't
we're not gonna well they like so I mean
stop me from jumping too far ahead but
they like sessions now well they like
sessions is the Democrats buddy now so
Van Hollen chairman of the Democratic
Senatorial Campaign Committee the
Democratic Senate campaign arm said
every Democratic member of the Senate
will have to decide what's best in their
states stop that jeez so there's no
unified message again Democrats suck at
messaging horribly they always have
their chosen to be shitty at message
English they're chosen to be weak like
this their donors like it that way their
that's right senator mazie Hirono
Democrat from Hawaii who also expressed
her displeasure with sessions decision
argued that Democrats ought to run on
kitchen table economic issues rather
than marijuana why either/or well yeah
why is this an either/or why are you
pretending why is he giving me a false
choice I yeah you don't have a quota by
the way it is a day it is a what do you
call an economic issue because a lot of
people can't afford their prescription
medicines a marijuana is inexpensive
because you can grow it yourself
and a I'm not and be it creates a lot of
tax revenue that then people can scuse
however they want so here we go the
Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee the d-triple-c
he did not respond to multiple email
requests for comment on the political
salience obsessions move the D s CC
referred Huffington Post back to Van
Hollen's remarks so the remarks I just
read to you
they said they these those the
Democratic okay warder and her Ono both
sided Republican condemnation Zinn
explaining the difficulty of making
marijuana an election year issue so what
they're saying is that there's a lot of
Republicans who agree with the Democrats
and are also against Jeff Sessions so
they're saying that's why it's tricky
for us to make this an issue I don't buy
that I don't buy that at all that
doesn't make any sense so so what so you
can you you have to stick the Republican
you're running against two Trump yeah
just like they ran when when Republicans
ran uh against Democrats they ran
against Obama when it was popular to do
so and they ran against Nancy Pelosi
they didn't run against their opponent
they ran against Nancy Pelosi and Obama
now you got to make them run against
Trump this is exactly what we've been
saying of course Hillary Clinton already
undermined the strategy the Democrats
can't help but undermine this strategy
by saying oh I long for George Bush
which is the dumbest thing in
the world to say Keith Olbermann said it
Nancy Pelosi said it Joy Behar did not
she stood up to Keith Olbermann when he
said that stupid stuff on her show about
what we gotta impeach we got in Peach
Trump but we'll get sessions pence
I'm sorry pence and joy Paris is not
with those policies good for Joy Behar
even though she's wrong a lot of stuff
these days still other Democrats were
reluctant to even condemn sessions order
his stunning
Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania
senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island and
Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin who faces a
tough reelection battle all said they
were still too unfamiliar with sessions
action
comment that's awesome that that that's
that's the best response hey what are
your thoughts on this
oh I'm not I'm not following it isn't it
your job to follow it well yeah
vote for me and certainly how could the
Democrats have any kind of platform that
they could all agree upon together visit
this is really supposed to be this is
behind scheduled us getting marijuana
approved in the nation this is this
should happened ten years ago already
yeah people were over at ten years ago
and well in 1996 we voted medical
marijuana in in California in 1996 I'm
pretty sure that was the year right I
don't know that was when Arno was born
he remembers that what you're eating
more than actually what you know no I
was born in 94 folks and of course years
old we're not laughing at him we're
we're laughing at how short of a time
that seems anyway so there they are
they're still unfamiliar with set again
these goddamn Democrats well even
that logic you just point out like oh
well some of the Republicans are against
the to sit we're having a tough time
make an issue so call out the hypocrisy
of their leadership my opponent says
they're for ending the drug war but they
went along with jeff says yeah this is
politics 101 I'm just telling everybody
get ready for mixed results in 2018 it
should be a wipeout yes the resilience
it should be a wipeout of the
Republicans in 2018 the most unpopular
president in the history of President
being unpopular I don't the most
unpopular legislation passed the most
unpopular Congress they can't stick any
of that to the Republican look there to
freeze they're afraid to Tammy Baldwin
she's afraid to Bob Casey Jack Reber I
don't know Jack Reed we already made fun
of him on the show Senate Minority
Leader Chuck Schumer also pleaded
ignorance when asked about the matter at
a Thursday news come no I have a kidding
I haven't seen sessions comments on
marijuana Schumer said
he was at a baseball game he missed it
yeah I think I think he yeah he was
probably a LT oh I think he was a
felching Lloyd Blankfein given another
tongue bass to Jamie Dimon where you're
Chuck Schumer ha ha it's hard to read
and suck balls at the same time
64% of Americans support legalizing
marijuana sound that's I bet it's even
higher than that I bet it is
I mean well let's break it down by party
affiliation Gallup found that
legalization has the support of 72% of
Democrats 67% of Independence and 51% of
Republicans so why are you on the fence
about this oh I know cuz your shitty I
get it cuz you're chosen that way
because some of your donors are in the
alcohol business all big pharmaceutical
industry Jimmy that's right big pharma
it's gonna undercut all that addiction
problems that we've been having in our
country and they don't want to have any
part of that big pharma as the data as
the data journalism site 538 observed
that's a data journalism site mm-hmm
that makes marijuana legalization one of
the least polarizing public policy
issues in a country today still Chuck
Schumer ah I don't know yeah and if 5:38
gotten it wrong a couple times but on
this one yeah the right sense Democrats
struggle to turn out infrequent voters
during the midterms the galvanizing
power of protecting state-level
marijuana laws could work in their favor
and 2014 the last nationwide midterm
election cycle 69% of voters in a
pre-election poll said they were more
likely to turn out if a marijuana
legalization proposal were on the ballot
so the Democrats again running away from
this issue overwhelmingly popular gonna
run away from it we're gonna go get
those suburban heights in the suburbs to
those Republican those white-collar
Republicans suburban Heights that's what
we're gonna go
after with our we hate pot there are now
29 states that have legalized some form
of recreational or medical marijuana
that's more than half the goddamn
country more than half the goddamn
country the Democrats still aa including
several like Colorado Washington and
California where it is already ingrained
in the economy and culture so Democrats
working hard as they can to have things
up again and get ready for mixed results
that's all I'm saying get ready for
mixed results get ready for mixed
results okay right it should be a
wipeout just like when the Democrats got
to run against Donald Trump and the
presidential election should have been a
wipeout if he was running against any
other Democrat in the
world including Bernie Sanders it would
have been a wipeout but you ran the
least popular most establishment with
the most baggage the least attractive
candidate in the history of the
presidency that's what you went with
and you had to cheat to get it done so
the Democrats they're already laying the
groundwork for shitty results in 2018 I
mean oh my god Trump is
president the Republicans are running
 and they're still like me Lima I
don't know about marijuana
marijuana god damn it the Democrats are
 losers
well Jimmy they are strong enough to
beat a pedophile by less than two
percentage points this okay wait a
minute those three those three
candidates that you mentioned or those
three uh you said Rhode Island yeah
right Rhode Island in 2006 Senate bill
2.5 ounce usable twelve plants so Rhode
Island hat so I looked at the 29 states
that passed it so right so they're one
of them Rhode Islanders what already
passed it yes and 2006 s to it it's
already very clearly clearly been like
yeah we're here and the dough we're not
sure we don't know Jimmy in Washington
DC in 2010 you could have two ounces
dried it soul is that a lot and so yes
that's a lot of pot an ounce of pot is a
lot of pot and two ounces is a super lot
of pot an ounce is like like that much
you know like 1/8 is what people
normally buy pot in 1/8 they even sell
it as a gram you can get a gram of pot I
don't waste my time with a gram a pot I
always get an eighth right and then I
get a couple of those aids and maybe a
quarter but a whole ounce that would be
that's a lot so anyway yes that's a lot
do you want me to send you the link so
you can show it are you interested at
all of show me the states okay no it's
already we've already it's already clear
what the Democrats are doing it's that
it's just unbelievable and where is Tom
Perez honor where is keith Ellison so
keep the hos it's got to be crazy but so
why aren't what so where is the
national message for the Democrats
what are they pushing right now what are
they pushing are they pushing
single-payer no are they pushing 15 $20
minute no are you pushing an end to the
wars no are you pushing what are you
pushing hope on the ballot don't forget
is there a jobs Procope eople always ask
what is a jobs program because we say it
all the time on this show what is worse
a jobs program would be the Democrats
proposing maybe a trillion dollars and
infrastructure spending instead of a
trillion dollars in war spending because
war spending creates the least amount of
jobs per dollar spent that's the least
efficient way to create a job is to
spend it on the military that's the
least efficient way to spend money so if
you want to build our country we're
bombing the whole world we ran out of
bombs and we got our own bridges are
falling down without being bombed so how
are we take some of that bomb money we
build up our bridges our road that's we
put parks
if only we had had a Democratic
president at some point that could have
gotten us a jobs program over the last I
don't know 10 years any
that's what a jobs program is so um but
think of it this way like a new sport
stadium cost usually around a billion
dollars right Ron would you say about a
million dollars so with the extra money
that they put on to the military budget
from from last year they put an extra 80
billion dollars on not needed the
Pentagon even asked for it with
Elizabeth Warren went along with that
all the Democrats went along 80 billion
extra now just imagine if instead of
doing that and spending it in bombs we
decided to build a new sports stadium in
80 different cities around the imagine
the jobs that would create a TSO
Philadelphia New York Boston Chicago
Madison Los Angeles Sacramento San Diego
Houston Miami for everyone gets a brand
new stadium a billion dollars of
construction and it doesn't have to be a
state I'm just saying it could be
affordable housing it could be a parks
it could be bridges and roads just
saying just imagine if they did that all
of the jobs that creates Oh we'd have I
mean let me get cata me go ahead I was
gonna say imagine in infrastructure
we'd have no potholes in all 50 states I
mean it it'd be and look at some of the
winter I mean you know we can't speak
here in Southern California but other
parts of the country are having brutal
winters right now their roads are
getting a beat out of them they're
not gonna be fixed up properly you
invest in infrastructure that that's a
permanent job in a lot of places water
you know where does that money go so
like if I have that job that money goes
back into our economy hmm it gets it's
the called the velocity of money so if
you give money to a working person they
spend that money it gets goes back in it
starts circulating that's the velocity
of money
FDR understood that you don't give money
to rich people and hope it trickles down
you give money to the people at the
bottom they spend it
that's called a demand economy because
the person you give a tax cut to a
billionaire he's not gonna go out and
buy ten thousand pairs of jeans and ten
thousand pairs of gym shoes in ten
thousand hoodies and ten thousand hats
and underwear he's gonna buy five pair
or
and pair or 20 pair tops but if you give
10,000 people money they go on buy
10,000 pairs of jeans take like 10,000
cars they buy 10,000 hamburgers they
bite these gr you get it
so okay so do you understand we're so
that's what I would live I wish that I
had the access that some reporters do I
would love to sit down with keith
Ellison he even blocked me on Twitter he
won't even so I I would love to
ask him why don't the Democrats have a
national message why are you passing up
this opportunity why are you trying to
build a national movement from
single-payer why are you trying to build
a national movement what the eff what
are you doing what are you guys about
we're not Trump that's what they're
about so I'm not stopping by the way we
did that video on keith ellison and
later on in that video with an interview
he did it with no michi he did come out
in favor of single-payer meant we can
busted his balls for it because she
asked some point-blank
I'm just saying and I said it in that
video the Democrats need a message and
they can't be mealy-mouthed from their
ass point-blank about single-payer well
I'm when there's no proof in the policy
you know when you just say oh yeah
everyone should have health everyone
needs to have health care and right yeah
single-payer sounds nice it's like yeah
but did you are you behind Bernie
Sanders behind this I mean you know the
proof needs to be in the pudding and we
we did a video we're gonna drop today
Chuck Schumer not for single-payer the
leader of the Democrats in the Senate
not for it he's it anyway so so let's
make sure you're subscribed by the way
make sure you subscribed because they
especially I found out if you watch this
show on the Xbox or whatever the X but
you're not allowed to comment or like so
Google YouTube's algorithm if you're not
commenting or liking on the videos they
see you as not being engaged they think
you're a dead account they unsubscribe
you from the show I think that's how one
of their algorithms works but people are
being unsubscribed all the time I'm not
kidding it's really happening so please
make sure you're subscribed and click
the bell and they'll give you a notice
when we drop a video they don't always I
they don't people say I didn't get a
notice so I'm just saying try let's try
to fight back against the bastards and
that's a good way to make sure you're
subscribed another great ways to become
a patron or comes to your live shows we
have another live show February 16th on
a Friday night in Burbank California
[Music]
