hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest with us
it's Lindsay Fagan she's running in
Texas is set 26 district for Congress
she's born in that district she's
raising that district she's a single mom
daughter of a union worker entrepreneur
and activist who lives three doors down
from her parents and a few blocks from
her sister she's intelligent she's a
fighter she's scrappy she doesn't let
anything get in her way please welcome
to the show
Lindsay Fagan what hey thanks for having
me on
my pleasure Lindsay so tell me I'm told
you're a real progressive what does that
mean to you yeah I think I'm just really
unapologetic and fighting for
working-class people making sure that
people have a living wage really
passionate about getting a
medicare-for-all implemented and you
know ending the corporate influence we
see now in politics so you would that
sounds very much like a birdie sanders
tiya type of politician you consider
yourself that yeah I was a delegate for
Bernie Sanders and 2016 a state delegate
a fan okay so now what are what is the
house the 26-6 or is that it that's got
to be red district right it's in Texas
yeah it's it's one of the fastest the
county I'm running in is the fifth
fastest growing County in the nation and
the the demographics are changing and so
I think it's only a matter of time
before it's flipped to be represented by
a Democrat just a matter of will it be
2018 or will it be 2020 and so we're
doing everything we can to make sure
that it's 2018 and so who's your beau
who you running against his name's
Michael Burgess he sponsored the piece
of legislation that allows ISP companies
to buy and sell our data so he's he's
definitely probably one of the worst net
neutrality opponents to net neutrality
so I work in tech and so he's a he's not
a good representative for me at all and
so how's the Democratic Party been
treating you yeah whenever
got in I think and I and I don't think
it's really the fault maybe to anyone
but I think whenever you get in and
you're a young female people inherently
just don't take you very seriously and
so we had a lot of issues with that
initially and I wasn't planning a
lifetime and politics by any means so I
think people initially thought this girl
is you know not serious she's running on
a whim and to be honest I never planned
on running but I think just like a lot
of people I got to the point where I was
so concerned with what was happening in
the country that I decided to jump into
it so we had a lot of the party didn't
really take me seriously first and you
know probably did more than they should
have to help some of the men that were
running against me but you know I won so
I'm not too mad and why do you think you
won I worked harder than everyone else
and I think I have a message that was
really appealing to working-class people
I won all of the Republican areas really
really heavily and I think that that's
because I have a message that speaks to
disenfranchised voters even moderate
voters and working-class people and I
think where people say you have to have
your message more moderate to appeal to
more moderate voters but working-class
voters really like the message of a
minimal living wage they really like
thinking that hey maybe maybe I could
have better health care we could have a
better system in place and so it's so
crazy whenever people think that that
messaging only works for Democratic
voters it works for all voters saying I
want you to make more money and I want
you to be healthy that's a winning
message yeah anywhere that's that seems
like a winning message yes well I know I
know that in historically whenever the
minimum wage is on the bow
that always helps Democratic candidates
and as always does very well no matter
where it is even in in Missouri which
were it helped Claire McCaskill get
elected so yeah so so what he you know
there's been a lot made about Alexandria
Acacio Cortes and she's the but she's
the only person who's knocked off a
sitting Democrat so far one person so
yeah so there isn't this big wave of
progressives taking over the Democratic
Party what do you make of that do you
think it's gonna happen or I mean it's
not happening but what do you think
I think it's you'll start seeing it I
mean I think whenever I'm a millennial
and I think Millennials are really
skeptical of not just Republicans we're
really skeptical of Democrats as well
you know we can't have Democrats
fighting for Affordable Health Care and
then 50% of the Democrats in Congress
they're taking money from the
pharmaceutical industry it just doesn't
really make sense and I think for
Millennials we've only known our adult
lives as the country and war and so I
and also dysfunction and the as far as
us trying to make strides and get ahead
it's somewhat seems like it's so much
harder for us than it has been in the
past and so I think that young people
want young leaders and not just ulleung
young leaders but I think ethical
leaders and I think right now what it
seems like to me is there are a lot of
young people that are running with an
ethics first mentality like people over
party a hundred percent and I think
that's the future of politics so we just
got to get young people out to vote well
I think what we're seeing on all across
the spectrum in politics left right
center I think what you're seeing is
that people want their representatives
to actually represent them and that's
not happening and we know we live in an
older gargy even Hillary Clinton's
biggest supporters will admit that we
Oleg Archy so the but you know Noam
Chomsky says you know the basic the
bottom line of a democracy is that your
representatives actually represent the
people
well academic study after academic study
has shown us that the bottom 80% of the
people's views and wishes are never
reflected in legislation right so yeah
so that's the problem with the
democratic party taking corporate money
which is why people don't really see
that big of a difference between the
parties which is why we got Donald Trump
I think so
well what do you say to the Democrats
who are now gonna vote for Kavanagh to
the Democrats that went along and helped
deregulate Wall Street and you know 139
Democrats just voted for a seven hundred
and eight billion dollar Pentagon budget
bill defense authorization for 2019 they
joy they gave Trump more money than even
asked for so how could you help any of
those problems yeah I think that I mean
I think just like anyone else I look at
it and you think like what what are you
doing you we think and we continue to
keep thinking that the Democrats are the
ones that are fighting for the people
and I think that there are a lot of
Democrats that are fighting for the
people but I think it's a lot of the new
insurgent Democrats from what I see I
think right now what we see is a lot of
working-class people people that you
would never expect to run for office
finally getting fed up enough and saying
you know what my old life is great I
really loved it but I have to go in here
and fix things myself because it's it
sure as hell isn't getting fixed just
watching it and screaming at my and
screaming at CNN all day because I mean
I get the same frustration with that
military spending though I thought the
same thing how how can we continue to do
this you know we spend almost a trillion
dollars a year on our military and that
could pay for Medicare for all and so
but what what are we doing playing World
risking the lives of these veterans and
then not taking care of them whenever
they come home I I just think that there
are so many things that regular everyday
American people see and feel so
frustrated and helpless about and so
yeah I finally got to the point where I
said I'm tired of feeling helpless and
I'm gonna do everything I can to not
only get myself elected but as many you
know ethical Democrats as I can so how's
the fundraising going you're not taking
corporate money you're a Justice
Democrat which means that's the bottom
line you don't take over it money so how
is your fundraising going yeah we're
probably about a hundred and forty
thousand dollars and our average
donation size is twelve dollars and so
when I'm originally when I got in the
race people said there's not a chance in
hell you can do this you know I thought
I called it I gotta call it the
consultant that talked to me about I
want to talk to you about fundraising
and so you know I'm new to this I got on
the phone and he said you know I get you
set up these fundraisers I get you
meetings with these PACs and he's like
you can take money from the packs you
just can't you know you knew then you
can vote however you want and I and I
said you know listen I it's my number
one thing the people that support me
that's a lot for a lot of them even the
people that are Trump supporters that
support me that does drain the swamp
people they're a lot of people their
number one thing is we have to make this
ethical again because until we do we're
gonna continue to see the same thing
over and over again and we're seeing it
from both sides I think you know
corruptions corruptions destroying the
country so do people
does that resonate the fact that he
sponsored that bill that allowed our
private browsing data to be sold to
pirate private corporations is he paying
a price for that vote do you think
that's why people are supporting you
who's who are considered themselves to
be conservatives or drum voters yeah I
think that I think a lot of people if
you tell them that and you say listen I
see and I think a lot of voters will
tell me I might not see eye-to-eye with
you on everything but
I know that you're working to protect me
I know your what you're doing is you're
doing it for all the right reasons and
so I I think that as much as people
might disagree with me they still
respect me and they see where I'm coming
from and so I think that yeah I think
that is a winning argument whenever I
tell conservatives about that there is
not anybody I mean he got so he got four
hundred thousand dollars from Telecom
and he turned around and passed his
piece of legislation because I remember
looking at that bill and thinking what
the hell why would anybody sponsor this
and then you follow the money
and you know he doesn't want to work
hard and I think that's a lot of that's
a big problem with a lot of these
representatives is they don't want to
work like I have to work right now I you
know I went to my family reunion I just
got home I slept three hours I'm up now
I have to go to this guy's Town Hall
like they don't want to do the things
that all of us scrappie ethical
politicians or aspiring politicians have
to do right now and so I think that you
know they just take the money because
they're lazy and they're corrupt so you
so you think that's why you have a real
shot you think that if people are aware
of that what he did with that
legislation or do you have to you have
to inform people that's what he did oh
yeah we have to inform people and then
that the Republican Party has actually
came out they've come out against him in
one of the counties I'm running in here
they actually came out against him for
voting for the omnibus bill but he's not
a favorite the woman that ran against
him in his primary in the county I live
in she got 75 percent of the vote and
then you know he dominated her in the
other County but I think that the the
drain the swamp Republicans really have
an issue with him and I think that I'm
not gonna win all of those people but I
can win some of them and you know I
really don't focus on tailoring my
message to this group or this group or
this group I really just talked to
normal working-class families and turns
out those people have a lot of different
political views
and so and so what how does it how's it
looking to you it has there been any
polling or you get is there any sense of
how it's gonna go down in general yeah
so we actually Trump just donated to six
Texas Republicans and my the guy that
I'm running against was one of them he
maxed out to six of the representatives
in Texas and the guy I'm running against
also is seeing like a huge huge surge
and pack money so we're thinking that
they're seeing some kind of polling or
some kind of data that shows them that
this district is maybe more winnable
than we had a thought before you know I
think whenever you look at the history
of the district and whenever I looked at
the history of the district whenever I
ran here some the guy that ran in this
seat before me as a Democrat he's a
friend of mine he's a comedian he didn't
raise money or campaign he just kind of
ran as like I'll put my name on the
ballot and it'll be funny and then
before that the last midterm no one ran
and so I've out raised any Democrat
that's run here in the last 15 years and
you know I my message it works with
anyone I talked to like there's no
conservative there's no anyone I talk to
that I don't went over and so I think I
think a lot of people like me for me
regardless of my party affiliation okay
well Lindsey what do you out what is
your website tell people if people want
to volunteer I are you getting some
volunteers helping out knocking on doors
and what-have-you oh yeah we we have a
huge huge volunteer base yeah Lindsey
Fagan comm li n su IFA ENCOM and we have
people from all over the country writing
postcards for the campaign it works
really well for us in our primary we
sent out about 7,000 of them and we're
sending out about a hundred and fifty
thousand for the general so yeah cuz
we're crazy we don't we don't take
breaks
all right well best of luck to you we
always like to see a progressive no
matter where they are so good luck to
you Lindsey and
everybody go - Lindsay Fagan calm find
out how you can help out she's running
in Texas 26 district and that guy needs
to go down that guy down man that really
there oh did he should not be able to
get away with that hey how is the news
covering the raid are they covering the
race at all the local news no the guy
I'm running against since I've been in
the race he started started to do a lot
more town halls and so he has one
tonight that I have to go over to and
then he's had one another one this week
so he gets coverage for that but you
know no I wouldn't say any there's no
crazy news coverage for either of us I
get a lot of national news coverage just
because I'm one of the young scrappy
millennial females running but yeah
local news coverage you know I'll take
what I can get he gets a little bit he's
not really like you know he can't be a
fun person to cover because he's just
very he and then he has these town halls
and everybody that goes hates it and I'm
like what are you doing having these and
he makes everyone mad he tells people
like Guam and the northern triangle is
not his problem I'm like you shouldn't
have town halls if you're just gonna
piss everyone off huh but whatever all
right well it's very funny
listen best of luck to you Lindsey go
get them and we hope to talk to you
after your victory all right thank you
so much okay bye-bye thanks for watching
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are you're probably not
it only takes a second to check and then
you have to ring that Bell so they send
you a notification when we drop a new
video otherwise they won't tell you when
we drop new videos and if you like our
show please help support it become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we give a
livestream we do a live stream every
Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time when
you could ask us questions and we answer
them back thanks for your support
you
