hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guests with us
today he has was a CIA operations
officer until he blew the whistle on the
CIA for its use of waterboarding he also
is a columnist for reader supported news
and he co-hosts the show loud and clear
on Sputnik radio please welcome back to
the show John Kerry aku hi John how are
you
agent me good to be back with you uh you
know I just wanted to get your opinion
because you're an expert on this and I I
remember watching Rachel Maddow last
year and she had on Chuck Schumer and
Chuck Schumer was warning Donald Trump
not to cross the intelligence community
in fact I'm gonna play that for you
right now let's show it you take on the
intelligence community they have six
ways from Sunday getting back capture so
there is the Democratic leader in the
Senate I out in the open on public and
national television saying that the
president should be afraid of the
intelligence community because if he
doesn't do what they say and he crosses
them they have six ways to Sunday to get
back at you and nobody's hair was on
fire over that that unelected and
unaccountable ected doesn't do what they
say he's in a lot of trouble yes
now John that that kind of wouldn't that
make your hair stand on fire oh yeah and
you know that the day after that ran a
CNN called me and asked me to go on and
they asked me to explain what Schumer
meant and I said the first thing I said
was what he didn't mean was sixty feet
what he did mean is that these guys at
the CIA they've been there twenty
twenty-five thirty years presidents come
and go and these guys are there always
and they know they can wait out this
president just like they can wait out
any other president so if they don't
like Donald Trump what they can do is
selectively leaked to embarrass him or
maybe they don't take a risk and go
after that well-placed source then we
don't have the best intelligence or
maybe they don't initiate that high-risk
operation just so nothing gets done and
they muddle through and they wait for
four years and they wait until the
voters throw them out and then they get
somebody they like okay so then I'm
gonna show you this story from this is
from July 13th it was in political it
says a molar indict twelve Russians for
DN C hacking as Trump Putin summit looms
and it says the subheading is the
indictment details the Kremlin's 2016
election meddling days before President
Donald Trump is set to meet the Russian
leader now buried in that article I just
wanted to read this to you then I'll get
your response buried in that article it
says Rosen Stein added that the
indictment does not allege that any US
citizen committed a crime nor that the
conspiracy changed the vote count or
affected any election result I read that
one more time so Rosen Stein's act in
this big indictment it actually says
that there is no conspiracy that changed
the vote count or affected the election
results yet the headline is this is a
big deal now let me ask you two
questions John is that one of the ways
to Sunday that the intelligence
community tried to undermine Donald
Trump by undermining his meeting in
Helsinki and number two why would the
why would they blow up such an
indictment like this if it if it doesn't
allege that the conspiracy changed the
vote count or affected the election well
that's all part of the narrative in one
of the things that I've learned just
over the last year or two is that most
Americans don't read the article they
read the headline and headlines are so
impactful just in the way that they're
worded oftentimes and I'm talking about
major papers like the like the
Washington Post the New York Times The
Wall Street Journal they'll have a
headline that that's just factually
incorrect or it leads you to believe
something that's not supported by the
evidence you see that all the time to
the point where on my own radio show we
have an entire segment that we run every
Friday on misleading headlines
oh really oh yeah it happens every
single day in America now to your first
question
yes of course the timing of that was
done just to embarrass Donald Trump one
of the things that the Russians did that
I thought was really great though is
when the first group of Russians was
indicted and that was the the st.
Petersburg troll farm they actually
responded to the indictment saying that
they wanted discovery and then the
mother people had to go back to court
and say oh we're not ready for discovery
we can we need another 60 days well if
you're not ready for discovery then why
did you indict them in the first place
you never expected them to go to court
and ask for discovery you did it just to
embarrass people and to push this agenda
so yeah I mean I have no fan of Donald
Trump's but we don't have to love the
CIA and the FBI just because we don't
like Donald Trump so now in Helsinki he
was accused Donald Trump was accused of
being a traitor by lots of very public
very well-known establishment
journalists and the reason they were
calling him a traitor was because he
disagreed
he has since backtracked but he at the
time disagreed with the intelligence
community's assessment that Russia
meddled in our election so he publicly
disagreed with that and people were
saying that that was treasonous of the
President and I now correct me if I'm
wrong John isn't it the president who
sets our foreign policy and decides
what's right and what's wrong
in our intelligence community like if
the president said I don't believe
there's weapons of mass destruction even
though the CIA says there is was he
would he have been treasonous so that's
my question to you treasonous and
treason is actually delineated in the
Constitution treason is very very
specific first of all treasons a death
penalty case so when you accuse somebody
of treason you're talking about
executing them for what they've done the
definition of treason is taking up arms
against your country or providing aid
and comfort to the enemy during a time
of war so people throw around this word
trees and all the time and they don't
know what the word means and clearly a
lot of people journalists
John Brennan who seems to know
everything about everything they've
never read the Constitution I mean and
to me they make themselves look foolish
when they
make accusations of treason so what bike
my bigger question is that no one ever
even like just on its face that's a
stupid accusation because the
intelligence community doesn't represent
the United States those are unelected
spies that's right and the intelligence
community is there as policy support the
whole race on d'etre the CIA is to
provide support for the policy makers so
the policy makers can formulate the
policy it's not up to the CIA or to John
Brennan to decide what the foreign
policy is supposed to be that's up to
the White House and the State Department
period so how do you think that seasoned
journalists were able to get that 100%
backwards upside down or wrong that that
the president disagreeing publicly with
the United States intelligence community
is in fact not treason it's not even bad
form in fact it's what the president
should do if he feels like it right yes
yeah that's right whether we like it or
not he was elected president and he gets
to set out his his own foreign policy we
don't have to like it we have an
opportunity to change it in November of
2020 if we don't like it but we can't
say that it's it's treasonous one of the
interesting things to me to Jimmy that
you mentioned is is about the press the
the press let's look at the Washington
Post for example the Washington Post is
owned by Jeff Bezos the editorial page
is run by Hyatt what's his first name it
escapes me right now
Jeffery Hyatt and and basis and Hyatt
have made this determination that they
are going to be the anti-trump newspaper
okay that's fine if that's what your
editorial page is going to be that's up
to you you own the newspaper but then
you've got to be able to back it up and
you can't back it up when you say things
like what you just said the president's
foreign policy is treasonous because I
don't agree with it then you just make
yourself look silly just just on its
face I can't believe that people would
get hoodwinked by that propaganda that
somehow hey if you disagree you can
disagree with the president's
assessment that Russia did it and you
and you say well I agree with the
intelligence community I disagree with
the president that doesn't make you a
traitor if you disagree with the
president why does it make the president
a traitor if he disagrees with the
intelligence community it makes
absolutely no sense and it just shows
you that that the lizard brain is
excited in the establishment press right
indeed and it's not like the
intelligence community has never been
wrong before right well this is what I'm
talking about the very guy Muller who's
investigating Trump was one of the guys
who should be in jail for lying our
country into an illegal war because he
did it right in front of Congress and I
played that videotape on our show on a
weekly basis
that's who everyone's putting that's the
guy who Trump's not it's just amazing
that's it that's really stunning to me
you know I've got a personal beef with
Robert Muller and just in the interest
of transparency
Robert Muller when he was the head of
the FBI set up the John Kuryakin task
force that spearheaded the investigation
of me and then finally the arrest and
prosecution so I'm no friend of Robert
mothers with that said I don't have to
make things up to to complain about
Robert Muller right I played about Roe
her mother based on the bags and the
bags are that he's not he's not some you
know the second coming of Christ he's
he's just a guy a functionary who has
his own political agenda whether he will
admit to that or not he's a lifelong
Republican he's part of the never Trump
wing of the Republican Party and he's
going after Trump because it he thinks
it's his thing to do that's how these
guys get promoted look at all the look
at all the people that work for a Robert
Mulla right now they're all career
Justice Department attorneys eight usa's
FBI agents this is how they get promoted
they have to show scalps you know one of
the things my wife said about me or said
to me rather on the day that I that I
took a plea she said you know one of the
things that makes me so angry today is
that somebody's going to get promoted
for this and it's the same thing with
the Trump situation they're looking into
a date as many people as they can
even if it's on on throwaway
felony charges like making a false
statement or perjury or conspiracy
whatever that means or wire fraud or
whatever just because that's a scalp and
they can move up in the chain of command
well speaking of speaking of the devil
here he is we have the video and it is
pointed out secretary Powell presented
evidence last week that Baghdad has
failed to disarm its weapons of mass
destruction willfully attempting to
evade and deceive the international
community our particular concern is that
Saddam Hussein may supply terrorists
with biological chemical or radiological
material even he doesn't believe it he
can't even bring his eyes up so you talk
about a guy with a million tells that
guy how do you get to be the head of a
spy agency and you can't lie who did he
give a bad liar so Jimmy I was I was at
the very heart of that whole debate
inside the CIA I was the at the time I
was the executive assistant to the Iraq
mission manager so I was privy to
literally every piece of intelligence
that was coming in on Iraq and I can
tell you that there were protracted
battles inside the CIA about whether or
not the Iraqis had weapons of mass
destruction and the conclusion was we
didn't know I remember the analysts
going at each other's throats about this
issue and at the end of the day they
just couldn't agree they didn't know but
it was Ayman Televi if you remember that
name from 15 or 16 years ago I do who
went to Dick Cheney and said don't pay
attention to CIA I have my own network
of informants and I'll just pass that
information straight to you through the
Pentagon and so that's what happened
they went around the CIA and I remember
these these they were called DoD IRS
Department of Defense intelligence
reports coming in about Iraq's weapons
of mass destruction and I remember
reading these and saying Wow well maybe
we missed something because these
reports are really specific and then
somebody said but they don't tell us who
the source is
and every time we would call over to the
the Pentagon and we would say hey we
really need to talk to your source we
have some follow-up questions
it was always no no it's so sensitive
you can't talk to our source well I mean
that just proved that it was Tel Aviv
and so we took ourselves out of it so
what what I what I think happened is
that child we didn't approach Dick
Cheney Dick Cheney found chala v and
then set up we're gonna have our own we
have our own separate intelligence
gathering agencies outside of the
intelligence community and that's
exactly how then they stove-piped
information that way yeah I think that's
I think that's really what happened yes
okay I mean II had an agenda from from
the very first day and you remember the
story of Richard Perle going to the
White House on September the 12 2001 and
saying we have to attack Iraq and we
have to attack Iraq right now well I
just no I don't remember that story but
I do remember the story that General
Wesley Clark tells about the seven
countries that they were going to invade
and how they had it all laid out and how
Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 but
they were going to war because that's
what they were good at oh I'll tell you
another thing I was the note-taker once
in a secure video teleconference I was
George Tennant's note-taker so I'm
sitting behind him and we have all these
screens all over the wall we had the
White House at the NSC we had the the
Joint Chiefs of Staff the State
Department we had CENTCOM everybody was
represented the Vice President was
chairing the meeting and so my job is to
just sit quietly behind George Tenet and
take notes well the first thing that
that Dick Cheney did was he asked
general war who was the commander of
CENTCOM at the time to give us a
briefing and we had just crossed the
border into Iraq the day before and so
general war is giving this briefing and
at the end of the briefing
he says if things continue to go this
well we can be in Tehran by August and
Tenant paused for a second that he
leaned forward and he turned off his
microphone and he turned around to me
and he said did he say Baghdad or did he
say Tehran and I said he said Tehran and
Tenant said to me have they all lost
their minds and then he turned back
around
turned his microphone back on and I
remember thinking oh my god people have
no idea what we've gotten into I
remember a guy on the NSE predicting the
day before we moved into Iraq that
Iraqis would line the streets and throw
flowers in front of our tanks because
they would be so grateful that we were
liberating them and he was shocked when
they started shooting back because we
were invading their country these guys
had no idea what they were in for like
none of them were students of history
was shocking to me yeah yeah but they're
still gonna go to Tehran if one of these
days yes there's trying right now
yeah your eye out for movement of
carrier battle groups
that's the tip-off oh really what what
does that mean carrier battle groups
well you can't launch a war or an attack
without lots and lots of air support in
the region so right now we have one
carrier battle group that's an aircraft
carrier and twelve associated ships in
the Persian Gulf we need more like six
six in the area you can put three or
four in the Gulf one in the
Mediterranean one in the Indian Ocean
maybe you have one in the Red Sea but
you have to have lots and lots of
missiles and bombers in the region and
we don't right now so if if the Pentagon
announces that we're going to start
moving naval assets closer and closer to
Iran that means we're gonna fight okay
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week
and we give a live stream we do a live
stream every Saturday at 2:00 p.m.
Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
you
