everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i've special guest rj Eskow from the
zero hour is here with us today and you
can find the zero hour where can you
find it richard patreon.com slash the
zero hour
well i've been a guest on that show you
have and shall be again i hope okay also
with us rob black-owned is here from
five chords in the truth correct hey
Jimmy how's it going and you also get
your news on with Ron at 10:00 in the
morning writes right yeah every day you
I dream about Tuesday through Friday oak
and then five courts is on Monday
because I celebrate music Monday oh so
we're gonna have to talk about the extra
two chords you know what capita five I
don't like to play it simple all right I
didn't know there were seven core I
don't know anything let's talk about the
well we all know the richest man in the
history of the world Jeff Bezos he's
worth a hundred and ten billion dollars
now or something like that right you
know how much it would cost to end world
hunger
we looked it up the number we found was
about thirty billion dollars that would
end so Jeff Bezos could end world hunger
for like three times over four times
over almost except he doesn't know he
doesn't weird but on the other hand you
know he's done he's contributed so much
to humanity he's done wait a minute and
then he's dead he oh he helped people
get in touch with their social services
because if you work for him you probably
gonna be on food stamps and stuff right
and he brought all those ambulances
together at his warehouse you know the
one that was overheated was 110 degrees
and so the ambulances were wait outside
every day so he mobilizes you could say
emergency medical that's right he got
big of it you so so instead of air
conditioning he's showing people how to
be frugal you save money that's how you
get ahead in business you save money on
air conditioning your warehouse and then
you just have an ambulance stationed
outside and you take your workers when
they pass out right to the emergency
room saves money and he's helping us
evolve for when we live under global
warming you know there's ones that die
off you know you really not shouldn't
reproduce the ones that survive can have
kids that's right well he's also really
bringing cities together you know I mean
right now a bunch of cities are engaged
in a bidding war and in a couple years
they can all come together and have a
moment of regret
the wine it backfires and they get him
you man yeah so what let's get the set
one of the second or third richest guy
is a Warren Buffett and so this would
the Business Insider tweeted this out
today and it says if you can't read it
it says Warren Buffett lives in a modest
house that's worth point zero zero one
percent of his total wealth here's what
it looks like okay that's not a modest
house that by the way that he bought
this house for thirty-one grand it's now
worth six hundred and fifty two thousand
dollars that's in Omaha it's worth six
hundred and fifty two thousand dollars
in Omaha that's not a I'm gonna guess I
don't know six thousand square feet
house yes I'm pretty sure it is so they
have a little video of it and let's play
it let's play a little bit of it there's
it here's the video it says this is the
home of billionaire Warren Buffett it's
like he look it's like he almost looks
like a normal person
isn't that crazy that you would just
have what you needed like a five bedroom
house 6,000 square feet he's got a gate
sliding gate and cameras everywhere it's
not like the guy back the Victor guy
like he's living above Fonz he's in when
Fonzie in the garage right you
cook it on a hot plate dude he's my
located in a quiet neighborhood of Omaha
Nebraska
look there's there by the waves and
things by the way is there a loud
neighborhood in Omaha Nebraska there but
there are hedges and trees there's oh
you know how many Americans don't have
hedges it's a nice it's got an
electronic gate that's very impressive
this is this house that's like huge
shallots are you kidding me he bought
and they do the panning shot it's
gigantic um it was worth 31 grand in
1958 today that today that would be 250
but the house is worth 650 because real
estate inflates the Omaha estate boom
yeah boom boom that's a huge that would
be a mansion
that's a mansion are you kidding that's
like a South Pasadena house I like I
haven't Pasadena but that's the rich
6,000 foot
wait that's a modest house you could fit
six of my houses inside that house you
could fit six of my houses inside that
guy's house how is this relevant to the
average person either the lesson here is
buy a house that it only requires point
oh one percent of what you're worth well
for most people that would be like a
room at best
yeah or a thing like a cup of coffee or
nothing if I can order and buy it in
1958 - that's the other lesson here just
- just buy something and night
well it just buy something in 1950 why
don't you do that I wished I I don't
know I'm taking a lesson from Warren
Buffett and investing in a tent a you I
admire his frugality so that's what
that's what this is look how Google this
guy is so that's what hey let's watch
this oranges so six thousand five
hundred and seventy square feet it's
abuse got five bedrooms that's a big
house
that's huge that's a that's you could
that's a huge house I'm sorry 2.5
bathrooms I grew up with 12 kids and two
parents 14 people in my house we had
three bedrooms yeah what what to throw
I'm sorry
we had four my dad converted the Attic
into a bedroom too so we had four
bedrooms I slept in the basement on the
floor which I was fine with it because
it was cool in the summer and so that's
frugal this is not 43 million Americans
live in poverty millions of Americans
live in extreme poverty Housing and
Urban Development rules say that even if
you live in extreme poverty you have to
spend 30 percent of your income on
housing and we're supposed to admire
Warren Buffett I guess so there's bored
of this let's watch so 5 bedrooms 2.5
and he's got fences and security cameras
guard his property you know just like a
regular normal person modest everyday
Joe why hasn't Buffett moved to a more
extravagant look that this house is
freakin huge I know that's what when I
saw this shot before I was a waiter miss
house is huge yeah it's got he's good
he's got the electric fence he's getting
huge hedges 6,500 square feet it that's
the biggest house of anyone in my family
i plug in my brother was the vice
president White Castle his house isn't
that big so this isn't why does this so
I don't know any oh why does it he live
in why doesn't he go live in the in the
play district
twice did he go to Times Square in Omaha
wouldn't is he supposed to go he's
at Omaha
it's a nice town Omaha it is a nice town
I like Omaha I like it too I liked the
comedy club they have there ever nicely
great money Don yeah the woman who runs
it some nice person I like her so let's
listen is there any more than this why
hasn't he he told the BBC I'm happy
there I'd move if I thought I'd be happy
or someplace else and you know all the
homeless people in this country feel the
same way they move if they thought
they'd be happy or somewhere else this
is the most tone-deaf thing I've heard
since I heard the last thing about ah
this is supposed to be crazy oh my god
he just lives in a normal-sized mansion
right he lives in a 6500 square foot Oh
well this is like we were supposed to
admire the Buffett Rule that says that
he shouldn't pay a lower tax rate than
his secretary secretary he should pay
like ten times higher a percentage than
his agent you should pay 90% his
secretary should pay like 15% that was
the biggest scam of all the Buffett Rule
was yeah yeah well people don't also
realize about taxes what what poor
people don't realize or regular
middle-income people rich people realize
this so let's say we raise taxes on
millionaires right and we're gonna now
are you pointing at me when you say
let's say let's say we I mean we say
we're gonna raise taxes on millionaires
millionaires they're not gonna say
they're gonna pay seventy percent tax
that seventy percent tax doesn't kick in
until after their first I don't know
million dollars or half-million dollar
they don't pay seventy percent on their
first dollar they don't they only pay
regular up until they're a 10x higher
tax bracket so often you'll hear people
say oh well I'm want to earn any more
money because it'll put me in a higher
tax bracket that's it right that's
stupid because they don't tax your money
your money under a certain level at that
higher rate only the money you make at
that higher rate yeah so let's say you
were in a tax bracket one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars let's just say
and if you earned one hundred and thirty
one it would put you in a higher tax
bracket so you go I don't want to earn
that extra one grand oh no only that one
grand gets taxed at that higher rate so
is that that's exactly right so if it
goes from 39% even yeah a fifty percent
okay it's only gonna cost you like 50
bucks you know whatever it is you know
it's not gonna be a lot of money you
know it's not gonna break the bank well
and it's gonna help yeah
inequality and all that so alright let's
watch a little bit is there any more
than this
that's a beautiful house it's a gorgeous
house its core it has been on a rainy
day that even after a rainy day it looks
beautiful
yeah so this is and then somebody has
put underneath with just one of his
projects he's polluting the tree King
water of 10 million people sounds like a
really great guy
anyone who hoards over a billion dollars
is a piece of it especially while people
are literally starving all over the
world that's the point I try to make
then it would cost you how much it would
cost to end homelessness in the United
States again the number we found is
twenty billion dollars so Warren Buffett
can end homelessness in America he
doesn't he could also end world hunger
he doesn't do that and so that's just
weird to me that these people amass all
this money that they'll never spend in
their lifetime what are you doing with
it oh I'm sorry no no I totally I
totally agree I you know when people say
we can't afford Social Security and
Medicare Paul Ryan says we can't afford
Social well then we definitely can't
afford rich people right that's it we
don't have the budget for it I'm sorry
jaesik are the person that tweeted that
has not seen Warren Buffett going around
to the local eateries in Omaha it's just
he's a normal guy he's just a regular
guy
well here chase why did they make this
case Ankara needs to wake up and retire
that yeah talking point yeah yeah so
here's what here's what the he was
referring to five spills six months in
operation Dakota access track record
highlights unavoidable rally pipelines
leak
I guess Warren Buffett is invested in
that mm-hmm that's what that guy's
referring to and I like this guy says I
get the point you're trying to make but
in no universe is a six thousand five
hundred seventy square foot five bedroom
home modest that would be the point
we're making also the first response
underneath that tweet about his house
here's the first I buried the lede
here's the first response he said good
lesson here live below your means in
order to have sustainability and freedom
hashtag wealth management that's what
the problem is you know those minimum
wage workers who have to work three jobs
just to pay their rent the problem is
they're living high on the hog they're
there that you know they want they think
they should be able to see a doctor
and have a cellphone those people are
just living above their means the way
you get rich is you deny yourself stuff
like that so the problem with poor
people is that again they're lazy fat
cats with no money that's that's what
that says and they also think they
should know what shift they're gonna be
working tomorrow's that they can get
childcare for their kids
they'll also think they should be able
to take the bus or in an hour-and-a-half
commute instead of walking four hours
each way it's really that guys got a
great point yes
well I I think that Jonathan should
really practice what he preaches and and
then go out and get a home that is 0.01
percent he's asked we should challenge
him to do that be like hey Jonathan tell
us what you come up with right I think
this is just advice for average folks
right and I think when Jonathan learns
your lesson well describe lesson of
frugality he probably won't be able to
afford the technology to get on the
Internet comments like this I mean
that's just again good lesson live below
your means so people who are poor the
problem is not that the system is set up
to screw them not that 50% of all wage
earners in America no matter what job
you get you're gonna earn less than
$30,000 not that 63% of Americans can't
afford a $1,000 emergency not that 29
million Americans still don't have
health care not that bankruptcies are
caused by and more than anything else
healthcare medical emergencies not
nothing to do with that it's just got
look he just lived beneath it it's all
you got to do is be a little more frugal
anybody can make it in the United States
it's not that we have a what do you call
a system that takes the richest country
in the world and renders half of its
population poor or low-income you call
it a failed system but this is that
shaming this is that shame the poor if
you're poor it's because you did
something stupid you didn't go to school
hard enough and working three jobs isn't
that still doesn't guarantee you a
living wage that and we're okay with
that we're okay with full-time jobs in
America in the wealthiest country the
history of the earth has ever seen we're
okay with full-time jobs not giving
people a living wage that's the problem
is the system the problem isn't that we
don't have enough money to go around the
United States the problem is we give it
to a handful of people while the rest of
the country is starving that's the
problem and we've had corporate capture
of our goddamn government
which is why we don't even have these to
work get rid of the estate tax so now
we're gonna literally have mod we're
gonna have what do they call that
aristocracy in the United States so a
guard key
oh we caucus we live in it all the good
we live in a NOLA just so FYI Johnny and
I'm not said that by the way I know it
sounds like we're picking on this guy
because we are picking on him so he just
represents a certain point of view
that's not germane to him this is a this
I'm pointing this out because he
represents a lot of people he represents
our culture right but our culture it
he's not unique exactly look he's
probably he's I'm sure he's a nice guy
he's a nice guy he's just internalized
the the the the left-wing educator Paulo
Freire a the Brazilian educator used to
call it internalizing the oppressor
consciousness he said you know where you
get the idea that there are values what
they want you to do becomes what you
want to do that is somehow you just
think yeah if only I was a little more
frugal if only I had planned a little
better you know you have kids now
graduating from college with $200,000 in
debt gee I should have planned that a
little better no we told you to go to
college and take the take out all that
debt because ya told you it was gonna
pay off and now you're graduating in two
week wages and service jobs and
everything and we're telling you it's
your fault and you're internalizing a no
give up the shame you know don't be
ashamed and got screwed yes yes again
that's what the that's what this sells
this sells shame to poor people you
should be you know there but for the
grace of God go I know it's like hey
you're poor you did something wrong you
have a moral failing and again that's
not this guy making that up that's our
culture so Ron it's not even just
shaming the poor either it's also and
not necess tweet but the video it's such
an unnecessary tongue bath to the rich
who cares I mean
hey guys Warren Buffett just lives in a
home that's not like super super huge
and it's a no ma feel-good story right
no I don't feel any different I actually
don't care why are you telling me this
what a waste of production today I don't
know if you know Warren Buffett just
lives in a regular kick-ass house he
doesn't live in an amazingly amazing
kick-ass house he doesn't he's not God
the way food only lives better than
99.999% of the entire human race but he
doesn't look better than 99.9999
presented human but he could he could it
doesn't what a cool guy what a cool guy
I'd love to meet the people that thought
this was a great idea so what does this
mean like how did did he help anybody no
but like his house could be way bigger
and he doesn't care that much is it he
how does this benefit anyone that Warren
Buffett I love that billionaire I would
like him better if he's gonna harm all
those millions of people and pollute the
environment everything else I'd like it
better if he was living off it you know
the fact that he's just taking it and
not doing anything with it what a
psychopath well that is psychopaths
against the guy now that I've seen this
video I had no feelings about it before
that is cited actually is cited that is
the point I like trying to make is these
guys are amassing he has now amassed
enough money to end homelessness in the
United States yet he doesn't he could
end homelessness the United States and
still have about forty billion dollars
left over money he'll never be able to
spend he lives in a house worth a half a
million dollars money he'll never so why
wouldn't you just do it why wouldn't you
just do it that's what I said that's
what when I'm talking about these people
are like they have ver something wrong
with them now I'm not saying Warren
Buffett is an evil guy I'm saying well
he's obviously on the spectrum people
have all said that that he's on the
spectrum but he there is a disconnect
there's a disconnect between someone
who's that wealthy and the rest of
society there's a disconnect obviously
between
Jeff Bezos and there and the people who
generate his income they they're in
poverty the people of Jenner and he's
the richest guy in the history of the
world you know including everybody
Warren Buffett could house a lot of
homeless people just in his house haha
six thousand two hundred fifty square
feet that's a lot of people all right so
uh uh thank God for the Business Insider
keep keeping us keeping our feet on the
ground huh and hey please make sure you
find a way to support regular little
shows like this so we tell you about the
billionaires the weight great way to do
it as we're doing live shows
