everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore Show
I'm here with Rob flick own and the
political vigilante Graham Elwood is
here look at those two fellas how are
you fellows good you know Graham Graham
what's happening what's happening
December 17th out in San Bernardino I'm
directing this TV show
it's an FN X Native American stand-up
comedy show and what's got jim rule mark
Yaffe laura house and sheila colicky
it's this Sunday December 17th if you go
to Grand Mel would calm you can get all
of the ticketing info live TV taping
first first episode yeah bye
check it out so if you're in the San
Bernardino hair you go check it out that
be fun show yeah we're doing 13 episodes
Steph the miserable liberals gonna be on
one of them Oh fantastic you have a name
for this program we do but it's under
review currently okay so rusev info here
folks will you be able to find it other
than that yes you will
well cuz we're talking about the net
turns out net neutrality was just killed
now what now what well according to vice
before you throw your computer into a
lake rest assured this ain't over in the
days weeks and months to follow honestly
even in the next few hours the next
phase in the fight to preserve net
neutrality will begin it will take many
forms and will happen in several it and
will happen in several arenas but it's
only just begun here's what the fight
will look like this is according to Vice
trying to get Congress to pull an
emergency lever the first course of
immediate action will be for net
neutrality proponents to pressure
Congress to use the congressional review
act to pass a resolution of disapproval
this is a mechanism that allows Congress
to overrule any regulations enacted by
federal agencies take oh okay the next
thing they could do so that's it
so I think that's very very very low
possibility that Congress acts because
and here's why all the we pretty much
assured that all the Republicans are
gonna go along with gutting net
neutrality well actually some I mean
there there were some Republicans that
actually sent a GPI a letter urging him
to delay the vote not because they give
a hoot about net neutrality
because their constituents were so angry
that they realized the political suicide
this is and they kind of had to listen
so the Republicans seem to be doing one
suicidal thing after another
that's very true this tax bill they
should all lose their next election
because they voted for this tax bill net
neutrality they should all lose the next
election if they supported this it's not
my first choice of a course of action
now I'm not saying don't try it it's
still totally worth calling the
representatives I think cuz I could try
everything but uh but yes I do not think
it's the most like I say this run is
because Pat Toomey senator Democratic
Senator Pat Toomey he did all the
 language well I'll show you he
said like many Americans I support an
Internet free from government control
while I understand the concerns
expressed by those who support net
neutrality regulations I believe that
such federal mandates would unduly
inhibit the industry's investment in new
technology and job creation so that's a
talking point direct straight from the
Internet service providers PR machine so
I give you the CC K on that one
okay because that's complete line and
Senator Pat Toomey knows that's a lie he
goes on he says more over the internet
and online content have thrived in the
United States without net neutrality
also lie also allows also a lie so
here's your elected official lying to
you hoping or counting on that you're
too dumb to know that he's lying so
Senator Pat Toomey a liar and
he's lying about something that's other
monumental importance so now you know
why these guys are we have to get rid of
these guys now you know why we need a
third party this is a goddamn Democratic
senator lying he's not wrong in
the issue John that's not he's just not
wrong on it he's lying to you about it
lying okay now Rachel Maddow is not
gonna tell you that because she's paid
to not tell you the truth about it too
but we'll tell you that here and there
he is saying it more over the internet
and online content have thrived the
United States without net neutrality
which throws into question the need for
more government intervention no we
we've always had net neutrality lire
which is why the Internet has thrived
now you're changing it so he's lying to
you and gaslighting you and I'll throw
it over to my panel well I've to be fair
to senator Toomey there's gonna be some
great job creation it's gonna be for the
people taking care of the one-percenters
polo horses private jet maintenance
crews are gonna get a uptick it's just
fantastic that they they're so arrogant
that they just can say crazy I
mean when this first they first started
talking about this last month there's a
subreddit page of NASCAR fans they got
pissed off pretty really red-state type
of group and they were like wait a
minute they understand this is
they understand how this is gonna hurt
anyone who's doing any business on the
Internet in any way this could affect
you hmm and and of course it's always
like and and the the the neoliberals
that I interact with they just think oh
look what the Republicans are doing
which it is this is largely a Republican
thing but they're still always a good
enough amount of Democrats that let this
 have just it turns out well that's
enough just enough just enough Democrats
there's always just enough Democrats to
let to kill the re-importation of drugs
from Canada bill for instance just
enough Democrats there's always just
enough Democrat go ahead run well I was
just gonna add on that point when I hear
neoliberals patting Obama on the back
saying that he's the reason we have net
neutrality that is such a frustrating
talking point because they don't even
realize you're parroting as you pi
that's the talking point they used to
say well we didn't have net neutrality
until 2015 anyway which is again not
true very misleading but they're using
that just to give Obama the credit
saying like well if we just had
Democrats in the White House we wouldn't
have any of these problems which again
not true but like that's just one of
those things where it's like no we'd be
fighting this fight anyway cuz we fought
it before and it wasn't like Tom wheeler
was some big proponent of this he didn't
want to do it when they took the FCC to
court and the FCC lost and the court
system was like all you need to do is
designate it a title to Tom Wheeler was
like well whoopsie-daisy I guess we lost
in the
was like no you're gonna do what we've
been asking you to do since 2000 and
freakin five and you're gonna make this
a title too and then they crash the
website so they finally did it it's
because of the people that we have solid
net neutrality we always had assumed net
neutrality we have net neutrality on the
books because of the citizens that's why
and the cool thing about this article
it goes from in my opinion the least
likely solution which is trying to get
Congress to pull the lever to the best
solution let's get to it so here's this
here's the next solution they offer they
say taking it to court lawsuits at this
point aren't inevitability Pro net
neutrality and consumer rights groups
will file lawsuits against the FCC in
hopes that a court will overrule the
decision both Free Press and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation told me
their groups are prepared to sue so the
Free Press already announced their
lawsuit and that there's also a lot of
states that are already proposing net
neutrality laws California is one of
them New York is one of them you know a
lot of folks were already prepared for
this the Attorney General in New York is
getting ready to sue
all right so making a make it here's
another one making our own net
neutrality laws though the FCC has
stated plans to preempt state laws
preserving that neutrality now that's
the thing about conservatives they
always want the decisions to be made at
a local level and as soon as you start
making them and local levels that go
against their corporate overlords they
take that power away from you isn't that
weird
I know they're the ones who always
accuse the lefties about wanting a nanny
state and taking the decision and
putting in a Washington C we're supposed
to bring it right here back home so when
we do that those hypocritical lying
bought corrupted Republicans switch they
just switch and go rub you're not
allowed to do that we're gonna override
you at the federal level you want to
help the people at a local level we're
gonna make it not not legal for you to
help your own people and the and guess
what the Democrats loses these
 the Democrats lose today
lot that's why this is happening because
the Democrats suck so hard that's why
that's why this is happening not because
of Josh Fox or Susan Sarandon or
Bernie Sanders this is because we had
the biggest election fraud
in the history of our country happen in
the primary and pushed the most
unwinnable candidate against the most
beatable candidate in the world that's
why this is happening that's why this is
happening because the biggest election
rigging in the history of our country
was done to thwart the will of the
people that's why this is happening
so local lawmakers and community groups
hope to protect a free and open Internet
at the state and local level so we've
talked about how meanness about
Minneapolis provides free Wi-Fi all over
their city free Wi-Fi look at that Ron
have talked about Chattanooga new has
been doing it for years
chatter they were ahead of the curve
yeah okay Tennessee I you know I think
that was the Ron and I were talking
about this that's guy I think the key is
is you're saying municipal
municipalities providing internet yeah
and why not so well because they're
gonna in sub states that this at the
state level they've passed laws to make
it illegal for local municipalities
that's how corrupted our electoral
system is Graham that's how corrupted
our politics is in America our
government is completely corrupted
that's a hundred percent you car you're
gonna tell a city that they can't do
something that would help people yes so
you could enrich a handful of people at
the expense of millions yes
that's how it works that's Democrats
that's Republicans that's corporatism
that's neoliberalism that's what we have
right now and that's why we have Trump
okay so goes on from vice this will
include state legislators introducing
transparently Pro net neutrality bills
like Washington State Representative
drew Hansen who Wednesday introduced
House bill 2282 which would prohibit
ISPs that's Internet service providers
when you hear ISP
that means the people who sell you
access to the Internet like Comcast AT&T
Verizon those would be the people
although stellar customer service hub
yeah you know the ones combines the
comcast spectrum charter those people
that just synonymous with customer
service yeah yeah and like if you could
you could have a company most resemble
the 1980s Russia
company there would be the Internet
Service Providers yeah and I'm sure
they're paying the people in those phone
banks that provide that excellent
customer service a great livable wage
I'm sure they're giving them good
benefits and everything I'm sure they're
not even in this country okay so the
bill which would prohibit ISPs Internet
service providers from blocking any
content or throttling service when
communities or local coops are able to
build their own internet they can demand
that net neutrality be baked in which
not only preserves access to a free and
open Internet but creates a market
pressure on private competitors to do
the same so what we've been saying is
you know the capitalists pretend they
like competition but they don't
capitalists want monopolies and that's
just obvious cuz that's what this is and
that's why they they corrupt they bribe
their state officials to pass laws
getting rid of competition right so if
we had a bank in the California that was
run by the state do we have a state-run
bank in California no cuz if we did the
other banks would have to compete with
it but they don't so that's why banks
get to screw people over hard because
there's nowhere to go
that's what a public option was in
healthcare a public option was the
government will provide you our
healthcare and now private companies are
gonna have to compete with that actual
good policy and so it makes everybody
better that's actual competition so what
these guys want we all know what
capitalists really want is not
competition capitalists want monopolies
and that's what they're getting and what
who gets hurt from monopolies everybody
except the handful of people who the
money gets funneled up to that's and
that's that's why six people own more
wealth than the whole goddamn universe
that's why that's why Jeff Bezos is
worth over a hundred billion dollars
right now okay are the world's greatest
predatory capitalists Jeff Bezos oh he
also owns the Washington Post has a six
hundred million dollar deal with the CIA
and sits on a pentagon board but the
guys who write for The Washington Post
will tell you you're crazy if you think
there's anything wrong with that
those guys are geniuses not hacks at the
Washington Post they are not ax
they are not hacks and they all have
good skin but how are you on skincare
chips today I'll give some I love it and
it's so funny - it's what you said you
know the Republicans are always saying
oh you know the Democrats bog us down in
regulation let the market know this is
not free-market anything what they want
to do they want to just make it
monopolies they and they talked as a
whole game of of we gotta let everybody
just you know we'll let that let the
market figure itself out no you're
controlling everything and you don't
want any you want any competition on any
level it just drives me in
completely insane what they do this and
anything time they hear words like
community or co-op man they want to
crush it yeah because they don't well
they don't want the people having any
any say in any of this they want to
feed them their and everybody
goes oh thanks but this is the one thing
I'm so impressed at like apathy is not
winning because the Internet is part of
apathetic America so now you're gonna
take that one that one teat that digital
teat away that is kept America dumb and
plugged out so if I can't watch my
stupid cat videos then I'm gonna
get pissed off this is the one thing
that actually might wake America the
 up lawn in some cases literal teats
cuz people want their porn yeah I mean
people are in that and that's what this
article getting back to this like it
saved the best solution for last which
is municipal broadband all across the
country it's amazing to see how they can
corrupt and bribe their politicians to
pass laws that make that illegal then
unbelievable I think they did that in
South Carolina don't quote me on that
but it's one of those southeastern
states that did that word there was a
city that passed broadband they provided
it everybody loves it so they really got
it the state say no more that mmm-hmm
amazing yeah but I mean we covered that
story in Colorado where where people are
opting out of that now and in the other
building so yeah I mean there's
definitely it's totally worth it and I
plan on doing it here I'm going to a
city council meeting so yes we want
municipal broadband so we're gonna do
that Ron and I both live in Pasadena and
we're gonna figure out how to we're
going to
you know call the mayor and whatever and
we're gonna try to figure out how to get
this legislation introduced so Pasadena
provides Internet to everybody and I
think we're gonna we might have a hard
time because the mayor here is a little
bit of a corporatist but you know we'll
see it is Pasadena we never nonono well
we'll wait to see but that is the future
that is the future so and the future for
this show is you making sure you're
still subscribed to it because everybody
I'm not kidding people say that only
they get unsubscribe from our show but
they have a trouble Reese absque reiben
it'll come up error so we're trying to
again whatever's going on there
squelching Independent News and that's
their program that's their ID and
they've changed their logarithms I don't
know if you've noticed but MSNBC's
videos and cnn's videos used to get a
thousand views two thousand views now
I'm seeing videos from MSNBC and CNN on
YouTube getting 700,000 views 2.2
million views why because that because
the algorithm that YouTube is using is
pushing mainstream news now that's
what's happening and it's suppressing
stuff like this so thank you for being a
supporter make sure you're subscribed
and click the bell and then if you can
please become a patron or you can go
through PayPal there's two ways to get
our premium access you can go through
PayPal you can go through patreon or you
can just come to a live show or you can
buy a t-shirt or a mug or something
that's a great way to help support the
show you want to say something yeah I
jumped from 6,000 to 6700 subscribers
right on my little political vigilante
and then in a day right after this it's
dropped to 6300 that's so I lost 400 I
gained 700 and then lost 400 100 people
stopped the day in the same day they're
really the day I dropped the net
neutrality thing this morning when I
dropped it that that's when that's when
I lost so the subscribers get that video
that jumped at got a thousand views in
an hour
really I find that hard to believe what
your video wasn't I hate an edge reality
was it there was it no no no net
neutrality video no I was it was a pro
net neutrality thing no weird you know
the only thing that actually but getting
back to this the only thing that is
actually like you would think would stop
the gutting of net neutrality is the
fact that some of the biggest companies
in the country are
net neutrality for instant Google
Google's actually for net neutrality
Facebook Facebook's actually for net
neutrality so how do those billionaires
who you know how do they let so there's
people fighting amongst each others in
Silicon Valley so a bunch of people in
Silicon Valley sent a letter they also
bunch of them signed it and sent it to
the Senate uh-huh you know and it's it's
amazing to me I when I see a lot of
these wealthy billionaires and wealthy
companies that are in favor of net
neutrality and they're getting pushed
aside this just smells like big fat deep
state this is the last place that they
haven't controlled well you know what I
say to a lot of those people too I'm
like hey help out with some of these
lawsuits then yeah Netflix was tweeting
we're so disappointed that it's alright
