everybody welcome to Jimmy door so I'm
here with Rob the cone hello Jimmy great
news I don't know if you heard but the
FBI setting up a task force to monitor
social media you know in case the
commies even though there aren't any
communists anymore right you know the
Reds you know the Russians that could
what could go wrong what could go wrong
so just like we've been saying it's it's
incredible to me that people who do what
they consider to be lefty news shows
have no sense of history because they
don't know what they're doing is
fuelling their own demise by pushing
Russia gate number one they don't
realize they're doing it I've seen
people on lefty news shows who push
Russia gate talk like it's someone else
 doing it it's mind blowing again
there's only a handful of lefty news
shows that aren't pushing the Russia
gate thing oh that I know of in the
whole goddamn country so here we go
so why would this be a bad idea to then
let the FBI have a task force to monitor
social media what oh I don't know maybe
because the FBI spied on Nelson Mandela
in 1990 as a communist threat really
that was just a one-time thing I just
whatever yeah they never did anything
else weird I mean hey it was it was a
rogue it was a bad apple Jimmy the
Bureau also considered Americans calling
for an end to apartheid to be funded by
the Communist Party USA two bad apples
just going so far as to the label
representative Charles Hayes a Democrat
from Illinois a former member of the
Communist Party
the
it reveals that just as it did in the
1950s and 60s with Martin Luther King
jr. and the civil rights movement the
FBI aggressively investigated the United
States and South African anti-apartheid
movements as communist plots and purling
American security so any the FBI this is
what they do this is what the
intelligence community does at you're a
communist and we're investigating you
Nelson Mandela and anybody who is
against the apartheid state in South
Africa you're a communist what
ultimately what the documents reveal is
the FBI is unflagging conflation of
social justice efforts with security
threats oh just like we've been saying
you knuckleheads on the left pushing
Russia gate you what you're doing is
fueling the FBI to shut you down
because you have no sense of history and
Trump excites your lizard brain so
you're rational thinking skills and your
critical thinking skills go out the
window and you push a Russia Red Scare
too and you don't even realize you're
sowing your own demise
FBI's unflagging conflation of social
justice efforts with security threats
and the FBI's cartoonish obsession with
Communist Party subversion in the United
States even as the Cold War itself
crumbled into obsolescence didn't matter
there wasn't even a cold war anymore
they had a cartoonish obsession with
communism the African National Congress
was also considered quote you ready for
this a known Soviet front group by the
FBI that was a long time ago to do that
I mean that there was they never said
like the FBI or any wonder they never
accused people of infiltrating black
lives matter that's never been been ever
ready for this
here's chairs Chomsky to let you know
about what the FBI and does you ready
this is what
they did here it's kind of interesting
because you know you can't do
experiments in history but here history
was kind enough to set one up that set
up set one up for us the Watergate
exposures happened to take place at
exactly the same time at another set of
exposure namely the exposures of
COINTELPRO oh sorry objects blade it's
interesting that I have to explain it
because isn't so he says to the reporter
interviewing him it's interesting that I
have to explain that to you because he
was in the middle of explaining to him
that real subversion never and real buff
it never gets reported in the press
he said they talk about Watergate but
they never told you about COINTELPRO and
that guy says I never heard of it
because were you proving my point so
here we what's COINTELPRO has played
more significant than Watergate that
already makes my point COINTELPRO was a
program of subversion carried out not by
a couple of paid crooks but by the
national political police the FBI the
national political police the FBI under
four administration's it for under four
administration's hotel and pro for a
different administration the FBI and
what were they doing
yeah and in the late Eisenhower
administration ran up till this is the
page of the Socialist Workers noting
that they're social workers fighting one
tiny fragment of it
it began by the time it got through I
won't run through the whole story it was
aimed at the entire new left at the
woman women's movement at the whole
black movement it was extremely broad
its actions went as far as political
assassination now what's the difference
it covered everybody the women's
movement the black civil rights movement
anybody anybody unlit Socialist Workers
Party anybody anti-war people and
anybody they did you're just all of a
sudden York you're a red and we're
investigating you and we're surveilling
you count Ellen pro until the point to
where they did assassinations
the FBI's use of its counterterrorism
authorities in recent years but that was
old time right that was old that was
before you said it was before yeah that
hasn't had hasn't happened I'm not
seeing history repeat itself in real
time not at all the FBI's use of
counterterrorism authorities in recent
years have demonstrated a deep-seated
political bias the FBI has consistently
monitored groups it conceded were
nonviolent on the grounds that violent
activists might someday overtake them
this is this is what dictators say we're
doing this for your own safety we're
getting out rid of outside agitators
this could be true of any civil society
group but the FBI doesn't monitor just
any group it singles out for
counterterrorism investigation groups
like anti-war School of the Americas
Watch that's one anti-war School of the
Americas Watch so there's the new school
of America that date we trained
basically people to go kill their own
you know guerrillas to go kill their own
people and so there's an anti-war School
of the Americas watch or Occupy Wall
Street movement those are the kind of
groups that the FBI singles out for
counterterrorism investigations Occupy
Wall Street just
as was true in the time of J Edgar
Hoover the FBI has an institutional bias
toward believing that movements for
economic justice racial justice or peace
are inherently suspicious so if you have
a lefty news show and you're pushing
Russia gate they are now gonna its use
they're pushing Russia gate back
on you when you push any kind of racial
justice economic justice or peace or
anti-war movement you knucklehead
on the Left I'll tell you this shows
that aren't doing it
Kyle kolinsky humanist report this show
and Tim black and Lee cam can you name
another show I can't
maybe I'm the real I'm sure the real
news I had the real news of course
they're gonna show news and then Caitlyn
Johnstone has a podcast now so okay yeah
so um it's it's this is serious so I and
please don't equip people will do this
too oh you say you're so sick of people
talking about Russia why are you talking
I'm talking about the Russia
story that we have to debunk cuz it's
serious that it's not the same thing as
pushing an unserious russia gate story
that's destructive this isn't this is
trying to counteract the stupidity of
the people on the Left who are being
useful idiots and attacking Trump from
the right
they're attacking him from the right
saying he needs to be more aggressive
military istic Lee in Syria and behaves
needs to do more ramping up of NATO
around Russia that is attacking Trump
from the right this
zero reason to believe that it's social
media task force would not hold those
same political biases and to make
matters worse many arguing for such
actions demonstrate these very political
biases themselves given the bureau's
investigation into the Trump campaigns
possible collusion with Russia
the FBI has acquired a semi heroic
status among some on the Left who
wrongly view it as a check on Trump
thank you
thank you Rob Reiner the FBI is not a
check on Trump
the FBI is a goddamn rogue organization
that undermines the left constantly and
you prop them up at your own demise I'm
the dumbest guy with a news show
and I know better than that
you know why because I don't allow Trump
to excite my lizard brain
neither is Ron you don't let Trump steal
your critical thinking skills so you
unwittingly end up pushing a Red Scare
McCarthyism and World War three yeah and
let's let's just point out again like
these organizations the FBI they don't
like Trump but they don't like Trump for
all the wrong all the wrong reasons I
don't like them because they're worried
he'll say something they don't want the
public to hear that's why they don't
like them but focusing progressive
energy on a defense of the FBI's
integrity has serious drawbacks no
kidding you think the FBI was recently
exposed for having drafted a report on
black identity extremism which seeks to
blame African Americans concern with
police racism for violence committed
against police officers so pushing
Russia gate you're also pushing this
Rachel Maddow Chris Hayes any of your
other jaggoff on the internet who
considers themselves left if you're
pushing this you're not
you're doing the bidding of the
right-wing they seem to blame
african-americans concerned with police
racism for violence committed against
police officers Trump second Muslim ban
cites as its justification to terror
plots manufactured by FBI paid
informants during his nomination Trump's
FBI director Christopher ray declined to
say whether he'd refused to spy on
mosques ray did tell Congress that the
FBI was investigating anarchist
extremists motivated to commit violence
by antiphon and Tifa ideology this is
the FBI you got that the left is
defending right now because of Trump
this is the FBI that they're defending
Ron right now right now you effing
morons
thanks to Russia gate there's
increasingly less space for criticisms
of these actions to be aired
whatever conspiracy theories the right
make promulgate about the FBI
it isn't very concerned with
surveillance of left-wing movements or
Muslims and the left will find it
difficult to try to raise public trust
in the FBI while raising awareness about
its continued threat to civil liberties
so again making the point that the left
when you defend their FBI you do it at
your own peril the FBI needs heavy
scrutiny from the left such a great
point and that includes the FBI social
media task force efforts to counter
Russian propaganda have not focused
merely on Trump some of the leading fear
mongers about Russian interference have
consistently conflated political views
that they don't like with a forward
attack on our democracy happens every
goddamn day to us here at the show and
we're not the only ones anybody else who
has a counter-narrative to this Russia
gate you're immediately
smeared as a Putin puppet your that I've
read in the in the comments about under
a Young Turks video that I did I'm The
Young Turks main show people were saying
crap like why is Jimmy defending the
Russians how brainwashed is that
audience can you imagine saying that
about anyone else how why is he
defending the Mexicans
why is he defending the Jews some of the
leading fair mongers about Russian
interference have consistently conflated
political views they don't like with a
foreign attack on our democracy it's
worth repeating yes it's worth repeating
yes Arty's coverage of Occupy Wall
Street social media ads promoting black
lives matter and congressional attempts
to block US military aid to alleged
neo-nazi militia in the Ukraine have all
been cited as examples of Russian
propaganda reach within the United
States so yeah so when RT covers Occupy
Wall Street that's considered propaganda
by the FBI black lives matters ads on
Facebook that's also considered
propaganda by the Russians Wow of all
the possible bodies to be given the
power to Gd legitimize online speech the
FBI may well be the worst but go ahead
go watch your other lefty news shows you
know the ones who are Pro
Palestinian bombing and they and they're
also pro-russian gate they're not Ahnold
you're not a left show and you're not a
critical thinker you're just boring and
wrong and you're destructive I mean the
biggest theme here and it's a cliche but
in this case it's very very true
those that don't learn from history are
doomed to repeat it and you know if
anyone tuning in this is maybe the first
video and you don't realize that
throughout most of it I was sarcastic to
the nth degree we are seeing history
repeat itself in real time except
instead of the civil right
movement it's now black lives matter and
instead of the Black Panther Party its
dapple the same thing is occupy wall
stock you pipe walls instead of the
Socialist Worker party it's while it's
Occupy Wall Street and yes there are
parallels and the left the
people who call themselves lefty news
people aren't right now in the middle of
propping up the FBI and Russia gate
mm-hmm instead of pushing back and
telling people this is ridiculous
do you know everything Russ is accused
of doing in our election we do
everywhere else
even if Russia did it we do it
everywhere mm-hmm this is standard
operating procedure and so when you push
this you're pushing propaganda
people say oh you know what Trump though
I know why Trump's a Manchurian
Candidate Ron because he had business he
did money laundering for Russian
oligarchs and so Russian oligarchs
worked for technology oligarchs worked
for her for Putin so that's why he's a
Putin but there's many oligarchs only
live in Russia or here right right yeah
only they don't live anywhere else Bill
Clinton got half a billion dollars put
right in his pocket by the Kremlin Bank
that wasn't that that was nothing though
they all do it
they put a hundred forty two million
dollars into the Clinton Foundation but
that was cuz they want to do rich
charity right what the
and yeah you should be pissed off about
this yeah because people on the Left are
doing this to themselves and when they
wake up it's gonna be too late
it's already too late they're already
not talking about the that Trump's
doing in lieu of talking about this
Russian bots on Twitter you're a new
show you're doing that as a serious
 news shows two segments Jesus
effing christ
the fact
I didn't go to Harvard I didn't go to
 Cornell I didn't I didn't go to
Princeton I went to Illinois State and
Columbia College and so why it makes me
so mad is because I know those people
who went to those better colleges no
 better than what they're doing
and for them to let their glycerate
brain be excited because of Trump and
then I let them deceive everyone who
choose to them for the news is
disgusting and on an unbelievable
letdown that will have unbelievable
destructive consequences it's already
having consequences alternates being
throttled TruthDig truth out
we're being throttled it's already
happening holy if you turn on a new
show and they spend 45 minutes out of an
hour talking about Trump and Russia stop
watching that news show because
it's polluting your brain and even if
the people doing it are well-intentioned
they're you it's time we and now
it's time that we please make sure you
subscribe to this goddamn show because
they're a goddamn unsubscribing goddamn
people all the time so please
double check and click that Bell that's
the only way we can fight against them
in other ways to come see our live shows
February 24th in San Diego in March 25th
and Austin Texas or become a patron or
by our Neil or puzzle of elitism Sox
t-shirt and thanks for your support
you
