hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show im here with steps at murano hi
Jimmy romp Lakotas on a very
high-powered panel right now very
high-powered high-powered so we told you
that the problem with the elections that
the people who are saying that they're
concerned about the elections integrity
and Russia hacking they it's all if they
really are concerned they're doing
nothing about it absolutely nothing
because we've known that you can aid the
vote of the suppressed right the Greg
Palast doing great work on that the vote
is suppressed number two you can hack
the voting machines and number three
we're gonna find out something even
Alice look at this an 11 year old
changed election results on a replica
Florida State website in under 10
minutes an 11 year old and so it was at
this thing called the the DEFCON to have
this DEFCON conference in Las Vegas and
it's a bunch of these computer people or
tech nerds how I say that in the best
way possible
these tech nerds and they get together
and they have a thing where they try to
hack into people's websites or whatever
they try to find vulnerabilities as a
service so what they'll do is they'll
set up at the exact replica of a website
say like for the Florida State Secretary
of State they set up the exact using the
exact and then they go hey try to hack
into it and and then when they find the
vulnerabilities they tell the people
that here's your vulnerabilities you
should try to fix these and then well
here's the guy from DEFCON and here's
what he had to say about it but the
first kid got in it was a 11 year old
girl she got in and took over the kind
of mock Florida website in under 10
minutes and was able to change election
results and
you know change the winners and losers
and all that stuff by the end of the
weekend the kids were you know changing
people's names to like Bob the Builder
and and and all that kind of stuff
coming up with some pretty creative
things to do too to mess with the
election results you're saying children
were able to do this her voice went up
so high only dogs can hear you're saying
I can't even go up that how you want to
hear that you're saying children were
able to do this I can't even give my
voice if that I can't even do it but
that's that's very fun
that's very funny and now watch out
watch what he says this was this
response even more mind-blowing here we
go yeah so the unfortunately it's so
easy to do that we didn't put this
particular challenge in the main room
where the adult hackers are hacking into
voting machines because it's so easy to
hack into these websites that they
wouldn't find it interesting or fun or
challenging so we decided to give it to
kids to do and so we had about 50 kids
doing it and almost all of them were
able to get in and change election
results or something else on the page so
it's so easy to do this that they give
it to kids to do and an 11 year old got
in its head anyway so this is from PBS
newshour thousands of adults hackers
attended the convention annually while a
group of children attempted to hack 13
imitation websites linked to voting in
presidential battleground states nichols
al the co-founder of the non-profit
roots asylum which that's a really
clever way to write roots asylum is it
that's kind of a bright roots anyway
which teaches children how to become
hackers and help to organize the event
that sounds like it almost sounds like
it almost sounds like we teach children
how to become criminals organized that
sounds like a great summer camp right
like if you're into all that kind of
yeah yeah like that would be totally
great that would be oh to be to go to
this
hey you get too good we go to Vegas as a
kid
by the way fake hot Vegas you know how
kids love Vegas
oh the whoring the boozing the gambling
the titty shows it's a children's
paradise
it's a children's paradise he's they
teach children to become hackers and
organize the event said that an 11 year
old girl also managed to make changes to
the same floor to replica website in
about 15 minutes
tripling the number of votes found their
cell said that more than 30 children
hacked a variety of similar state
replica websites at under a half an hour
these are very accurate replicas of all
the sites cell told PBS newshour on
Sunday the things should these things
should not be and be easy enough for an
eight-year-old kid to hack within 30
minutes it's negligent for us as a
society yes it is negligent for us as a
society but I'm gonna bet you nothing is
done to fix this problem cell said the
idea for the event began last year after
adult hackers were able to access
similar voting sites in less than five
minutes so the idea for the event this
DEFCON thing or the I think I guess
that's what it is in a statement
regarding the event the National
Association of secretaries of state
there's an association for that did you
know in that while I did not know
socialization of secretary of
secretaries of State and that's
something said it's ready to work with
civic minded group members of DEFCON
community wanting to become part of a
proactive team effort to secure our
elections
well that sounds encouraging now do you
have something discouraging sure but the
organizers expressed skepticism over the
hackers abilities to access the actual
state websites then let them then let
those kids have some fun with your soul
website so but if those kids do that
that's illegal so that they can't but
they I would still find a way to do it
and be anonymous and then blame it on
the Russians it would be extremely
difficult to replicate the system since
many state States utilize unique Network
custom-built databases with new and
updated security protocols that's what
the secretaries of state organization
says everything's fine that's what they
say everything's fine
even though year after year you guys
have proven that you can hack into these
things in under five minutes and 11 year
olds can do it in under ten the site may
be a replica but the vulnerabilities
that so this is the this is a quote from
the DEFCON guy he says the Site may be a
replica but the vulnerabilities that
these kids were exploiting were not
replicas they're the real thing so he's
saying no sorry this is an exact replica
of your Secretary of State website the
exact thing and they were able to hack
into that so but so they're saying well
by the way so a lot of people say well
or they also said in that article that
they didn't hack into the actual and by
the way even if they hack into our
Secretary of State website that's not
hacking into the voting machines that
actually that that would that would just
be we would eventually recognize that
someone hacked into our website our
Secretary of State website and changed
the numbers because we get the numbers
of the voting machines and we know what
they are and when they go up on the
website we would notice that there would
be a difference so that that's why they
say they also say so don't pay any
attention to this because they're not
actually acting in to them to them
voting machines but hey check it out
Def Con hackers easily bust into the
voting machines but we'll tech companies
listen the answer is no so here's a
woman Rachel tobik she's gonna show you
how how to how easy it is so here's what
she says I'm at DEFCON hacking
conference and just learned how easy it
is to physically gain administrative
access on a voting machine that is used
in 18 states
it requires no tools and takes under two
minutes so she's gonna show you right
now I'm gonna show you the video of her
she's gonna show you how you can hack
into one of these voting machines that
are used in 18 states and you can
get administration as an administrator
so you can do whatever you want in under
two two minutes so here she goes you're
gonna do it for you right there I'm very
concerned for a living election because
this voting machine is most in eighteen
different states and it's extremely easy
to get admin access on this machine so
let me show you how quick it is that's a
little under two minutes so all they
have to do this bad actor would be to
open up the scene by pressing this
button right here when it's off we're
moving the card reader we're moving this
you don't need any tools to do this
unplugging this again you don't need any
tools to do this
turning it on all you have to do is pick
this lock here with a ballpoint pen open
this up press the red button and we're
going to let it boot up here and then
I'll show you the admin access okay so
I'm gonna let this play for a few
seconds to show you how long it takes in
real time it takes a few seconds but
here we go
let's watch
so it's loading what would they call a
six year voting terminal right now a
secure voting terminal being loaded
that's ironic
yeah we're gonna see a couple of error
messages and all you have to do to
bypass those error messages is just
click cancel and okay and there you go I
have full admin access to to error
messages come up you'd click cancel and
then you click OK and then she has an
admin administrative access as if she is
the administrator of that thing of that
voting machine geez total control of it
it looks pretty secure Jimmy super
secure hackers at defconn's voting
village managed to swap out software
wrest control of tabulation and
manipulate the behavior of voting
machines that will likely be used in
midterm elections the voting machines
were put to the test at the second
annual conference in Las Vegas last
weekend the goal to give tech company
some insight into flaws that should be
addressed before voters head to the
polls but a leading manufacturer of
voting equipment complained that the
exercise wasn't a fair test of
vulnerabilities to the real world
hackers who would have to do their worst
remotely and get past additional
security hurdles I think this is a
misprint it said they would have to do
their worst remotely I think they would
have to do their work I think that's a
misprint but we'll see hackers will
absolutely access so listen to this so
hackers will absolutely access some
voting systems internal components
because they will have full and
unfettered access to a unit without the
advantage of trained poll workers locks
tamper evidence seals passwords and
other security measures that are in
place in an actual voting situation
election systems and software wrote in a
letter sent to customers and seen by the
journal so they're saying oh sure you
can hack into a thing at the Def Con but
you couldn't do that in real life
because in real life we have trained
poll workers
oh you're oh you could have you you got
to get up pretty early in the morning
to slip something past a non-paid poll
worker
how could you pot those people you know
they come right from the FBI to poll
working I mean they you can't get past
them again so so they show them how it's
easy this to hack and the people who
make this software and the systems go
don't pay attention it you guys don't
want to fix this no we're not gonna
that's what that says don't pay
attention to those people nothing's
nothing to see here
yeah the Russians we could always blame
what other Russians the National
Association of secretaries of state
which represents the top state officials
in charge of elections also criticized
the Soyo
exercise saying it quote in no way
replicates state election systems
networks or physical security and that's
coming from the social national
associations of secretaries of state and
I'm gonna say that's what I would have
say to them you don't think you don't
think that agency is is lying you don't
think they are you don't think they're
completely incompetent full of I'm
pretty sure they are they just showed
you anyway even still a number of
election officials from across the
country attended the conference so yeah
the secretary took no one cares the
makers of the voting machines don't care
the secretaries of state don't care yeah
and then next thing you know I mean it's
just like Wall Street now I keep giving
them no keep giving them more Dow what
could go wrong book crash so what so
what it crashed here's from their
Twitter the official DEF CON voting
village here's here's they said here's a
DEFCON voting machines hacking village
roundup of
discoveries from day one so here's some
of the stuff they discovered 39 kids
from ages 6 to 17 attempted to hack
replicas of secretaries of states
websites of 6 swing states 35 kids were
able to complete and exploit the
quickest exploit was done by an 11 year
old in 10 minutes kids were given an
introductory walkthrough of how to
perform a SQL injection who have you
ever had an SQL injection why I couldn't
sit down for two days
SQL injection from there they ran with
it and were able to complete the hacks
kids tampered with vote tallies party
names candidate names total vote counts
were changed to numbers like 12 billion
and candidates names were changed at
things like Bob the Builder or Richard
Nixon's head so Bob - bill that's like
the it's like the 24 that's like the new
Joe the Plumber so that's all let's go
on it said also says active Diebold tsx
voting machines were found to be running
an expired ssl certificate in 2013 which
makes these machines vulnerable to any
vulnerabilities cataloged since then so
they're running so what this says is
that there are no you're a computer guy
so you'd listen in and let me know if
I'm right about this but it sounds to me
like
so the Diebold got people who make the
voting machines have their voting
machines running on an old system from
2013 now since 2013 that's five years
ago since 2013 they found a lot of
vulnerabilities in those machines and B
and because they're running the old
system 2013 they haven't been those
everybody who knows about those
vulnerabilities knows how to get in
there they haven't fixed them so you're
not they're not running the 2017 SSL
Certificates there or the 22 or 2018
they're running five year old so now
everybody so that's and they worry about
it so it was I right yeah yeah
essentially the SS
is what like encrypts the data so it's
like protected right and if it's you
know five years old six years old since
then there have been all these
vulnerabilities you know I've been found
out foreign hackers have found different
and they didn't update their machine yet
it's not updated basically it's so all
those old hacker hacker tricks still
work it also found out that a hacker was
able to reprogram addy Abel tsx to play
gifts and music after uploading a Linux
operating system while this cannot be
easily carried out in the time it may
take a voter to vote it illustrates the
malleability of these systems I I take
forever to vote well well now I don't
actually go in anymore when I used to
vote go in to vote but now I vote by
mail so but I remember I would take
forever in there and know no one's
timing you no one's paying attention at
all to how long people are staying and
I've never been to a polling place where
the anyone was paying attention to
anything the voters were doing - have
you ever been to a place like that stuff
Jimmy I have never been to a place where
somebody's gone into their little cubby
and suddenly hear hey what's taking me
what's taking you so long with the
voting are you hacking our machine in
there I just need two more minutes when
I was a kid they used to have voting at
my school I went to Our Lady of the
snows that was the name of our school
Catholic and they would have the voting
they would have that was like a polling
place so they would and the voting
machines were gigantic gigantic and they
had a curtain that you pulled he walked
in it was like a big thing I don't know
what was on the inside because I was too
long I was too young I never voted there
but anyway let's see some else some
other stuff they found polled book
machines Express poll 5000 were found to
be vulnerable to having they're easily
accessible memory cards removed from the
top of the machines and replaced with
market purchased copy preloaded with
alternative voting poll information the
means that voters that attempt to vote
at a polling place may find that they
are no longer in the precincts records
or other voters could be added who could
then vote in that polling place the hack
can easily be performed by a voter
within five seconds using a distraction
or by a poll worker with access to all
machines that's the thing that they're
forgetting so when those secretaries of
states organizations and their and the
people from the DIA bold machine and
whoever else just said I don't pay
attention to this now because oh well we
have trained poll workers how easy is it
for one of those poll workers to go pull
this off you have trust and effort your
poll workers aren't corrupt how about if
I go to a poll worker and I go hey I'm
gonna give you five grand could you go
do this could you go takes two seconds
here's five grand
here's 50 grand hey here's a hundred
grand could you go switch the boat cuz
this is a important district people
would do that for five hundred bucks by
the way poll workers I there's no doubt
that I'm not saying you're not
advocating I'm not advocating but I'm
saying I would bet that you could get a
poll worker to roll for about five
hundred bucks
I don't know I'm guessing but that's
what the thing people in this economy
absolutely in this economy all right how
about you just offer them a free trip to
the doctor I'll cover your expenses
I'll cover the doctor it's on me at tell
them you want the works Thank You Jimmy
I'm thinking what a perfect way to start
a third party it's called hackers
hackers that's it and you're in you
don't forget this due process and you
know trying to get on our ballots why we
just like you're called hackers you call
hackers you start them young certainly
they sir do well polled book machines
Express poll 5,000 also keep supervisor
passwords on these cards and they are
listed in plain text the poll book
machines also keep personal records for
all voters including the last four of
your social security number your address
your driver's license numbers and are
completely unencoded
of course expanding on the password
details above the hackers were able to
read and write the database inside using
SQL light a simple database program
available everywhere they discovered
that the root password get this this is
right here they discovered that the root
password and administrative passwords
are stored in the device in clear-text
