hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show im here with rod blue coat and
steps at murano right black oh we're
doing this comedy show august 30th right
yeah man more at the Sycamore tavern
upstairs at the dojo it's politics night
and we're gonna be popping in probably
there's parking there is free parking
man that's Sunset Boulevard and Sycamore
August 30th plus you're gonna be doing
the road in November right yeah November
2nd grandma Juan and I are gonna be in
Sacramento California November 3rd San
Francisco and then I will be in
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania November 23rd
tickets for all those shows available at
romp Lacombe calm all right let's get to
Jake Tapper so we all know about this so
this ephemeral Cana current cost of
health care in the United States over
the next 10 years will be 49 trillion
dollars and it leaves 29 million
Americans uninsured Medicare for all
will cost 32 trillion dollars leaves no
one out costs less covers everybody so
that 17 trillion is that goes right to
the insurance companies in the
pharmaceutical companies that's what
that's where that money goes
so we cut out those we cut out the
middleman we negotiate prices for drugs
lower we save 17 trillion those are the
actual effects now you know that the
billionaire Koch brothers the right-wing
maniacs are they funded a study by the
Mercado Center which is a libertarian
think-tank
this guy named blue house did the study
even he concluded that it would save 2
trillion dollars they didn't like what
that said they they were like oh my god
even we're saying telling the truth kind
of we can't let people know that
Medicare for all actually saves money so
they started this big PR campaign to get
rid of it I mean to to get people to
push back in the media and it worked it
worked they would send out these emails
to people and and well here for instance
so here's let's here's here's the
Washington Post the Koch brothers of all
people for sponsoring us
that shows that medicare-for-all would
save the American people two trillion
dollars over a 10-year period
senator Bernie Sanders plan generously
assumed the doctors hospitals and drug
companies would be paid 40% less than
they are now and the demand for health
insurance would jump by 11 percent even
if this did happened the plan would
still boost government spending by
thirty two point six trillion dollars
over its first ten years Democrats are
cherry picking numbers that even the
study's authors say are unlikely to
materialize this is a fact checker at
the Washington Post
so the Washington Post picks up on the
right wing talking points that was
pushed out by the Mercado Center telling
people to actually misrepresent the
findings of the study meg Kelly over at
Washington Post can't wait to do it and
this is buses a lie so what they're not
telling you and how is it alive Jimmy
well because they they're doing exactly
what they're claiming Democrats are
doing their cherry-picking numbers that
thirty two trillion dollar number I just
showed you that without Medicare for all
it would be forty nine trillion they
leave that part out they don't what I'm
you to think up getting watch they earn
three Pinocchio's and that's it that's
their whole fat check that's that's it
that's Meg Kelly by the way she went to
Columbia whoa she went to Columbia to
learn how to like that three
Pinocchio's what that that's the
Washington Post and now you know why
people get their news from YouTube isn't
that awesome
that's their entire you want to see that
entire fact check again here it is let
me thank the Koch brothers of all people
for sponsoring a study that shows that
Medicare for all would save the American
people two trillion dollars over a
ten-year period which is exactly what
their study showed that's a fact
that their study showed that so they're
gonna fact-check this this is awesome
senator bernie sanders plan generously
assumed the doctors hospitals and drug
companies and by the way this is someone
named meg Kelly not Megan Kelly Meg
Kelly someone equally horrible would be
paid 40% less than they are now and that
demand for health insurance would jump
by 11% even if this did happened the
plan would still boost government
spending by thirty two point six
trillion dollars over its first ten
years Democrats are cherry-picking
numbers that even the study's authors
say are unlikely to materialize they
earn three Pinocchio's democracy dies in
darkness democracy democracy dies in
darkness and will help by turning off
the light this is the Washington Post
lying to you this is the Washington Post
bald-faced lying misleading people
imagine if the gift of media actually
told the truth above Medicare for all
how fast we'd have it so that's so that
was meted so that's the Washington Post
line they mislead people in three ways
yeah I mean the first way was they
didn't mention what we're already
spending right that was the first way
the second way and this is we're gonna
get into this more when we get to Jake
Tapper they're focusing on government
expenditure because what it's doing is
it's gonna reallocate the way we spend
the money
Bernie Sanders very intentionally said
the American people not the government
say government saves the American people
trillions of dollars not the government
it saves the American people so they're
misleading in that way and the third way
they're misleading Bernie's not even a
Democrat so one of the first comments
underneath this video on Facebook was by
a guy named Matt man returns and that's
awesome he's that is and he says the
narrator says it would boost spending by
32 trillion which leads wanted to think
32 trillion more than what's being spent
now that's misleading that's a lie
so when you Gaslight people
intentionally so they get the wrong idea
that's a lie this is the Washington Post
lying on Facebook Zuckerberg gonna take
their page down I guess not I guess it's
okay if you lie in the
of the corporation so if you're lying
for the corporation we'll actually boost
it so that's misleading especially since
that figure is less than we already pay
32 trillion less than what we're already
paying Sanders commentary also focuses
in on what Americans in general will be
saving we're a small increase in taxes
leads to elimination of large monthly
premiums with more robust care provided
you ignore this crucial aspect instead
you're choosing to focus on the
financial hit hospitals will face by
taking CEO and shareholder profits out
of the mix not having to Gorge the rich
doesn't mean hospitals won't be able to
turn a profit you accuse liberals of
cherry-picking data yet you're framing
data in a way that misleads the viewer
and undermines the welfare of the
American people Washington Post is the
enemy of the American people and that's
and I don't say that lightly this is a
perfect example if the Washington Post
told you the truth about what's actually
happening we wouldn't be in eight
 wars everybody would have had
Medicare for all decades ago and we
wouldn't have the big we wouldn't be the
world's biggest penal colony but the
Washington Post doesn't tell you the
truth which is why people have the
all-time low confidence and
establishment media but this isn't about
the Washington Post this is gonna be
about Jake Tapper so Jake Tapper did the
same thing here's Jake Tapper taking on
that study and totally misrepresenting
the facts in fact he does he's gonna
call this a fact check this watch he
doesn't actually do any fact-checking
fact-checking would be if you took that
study and then you went in fact checked
the facts in the study or the assertions
in the study you Jake Tapper checked
them he doesn't do that
watch what he actually does and by the
way he's not doing this by himself CNN
has hooked up with factcheck.org to
check the facts on stuff they originally
did this in 2016 leading up to the
election because they wanted to be able
to fact-check candidates statements at
West they were true or not so you know
what CNN did they had to get an an
outside company
somehow to do fact-checking I why else
would they hook up with factcheck.org
there a news organization they're like
hey I have an idea why don't we check
the accuracy of political candidates
statements during a presidential
campaign
oh sure what would we call that we'll
call it a fact check oh how do you do
that
does anyone at CNN know how to do a fact
check no what should we do well we I
know there's a place called there's a
website called factcheck.org oh yeah oh
my god well let's wait let's wait cuz I
posted a Craigslist ad we'll see if we
get any responses CNN when they wanted
to do a fact check literally had to
contract with an outside company to
figure out that to go outside the
 building to figure out how to do
a fact check and now you'll know why cuz
they don't know how to do a fact check
here we go
everybody its Jake Tapper from CNN's
State of the Union and factcheck.org and
this week we're gonna take a look at a
claim made by two self-identified
Democratic socialists Vermont
independent senator Bernie Sanders and
New York congressional candidate
Alexandria Acacio cortes misleading
medical Medicare for all claims fact
this is their fact jack and it's by
their it is factcheck.org and state of
the union they say that a study funded
by the billionaire Koch brothers who are
generally I think it's fair to say
libertarians and conservatives that the
Medicare for all proposal would actually
save the government money let me thank
the Koch brothers of all people for
sponsoring a study that shows that
Medicare for all would save the American
people two trillion dollars over a
ten-year period now that's a fact that's
not debatable that is what the study
shows that's not debatable but people
are going to lie about that by the way
they're pissed off that Ocasio Court has
also got to tell the truth on CNN that
Medicare for all is actually much more
it's actually much cheaper than the
current system that we pay right
now is that true yes yes that's true
Jake
and he's like yeah I like he's the only
guy who doesn't know even the guy who
wrote that study knows that the Koch
brothers know it that's why they're
doing propaganda
everybody knows medicare-for-all saves
buck and Mully everybody in the world
knows we pay twice as much for our
healthcare as the rest of the Western
world does everyone knows Canada pays
half as much as we do for better
outcomes and they cover everybody the
only guy who doesn't know it is a guy
who claims to be a fact checker and he's
such a phony
I'm gonna guess he even sprays fake gray
into his hair to make himself look more
authoritative study funded by the Koch
brothers indicate that Medicare for all
would actually save the US government
trillions of dollars yes yes the
trillions it did Jake but I have a tie
on and I have bags under my eyes and
wrinkles on my forehead and gray hair
how could I not be telling you the truth
Wow I'll do guys like me look like
bullshitters yes
you're a bullshitting liar but Jimmy
he's saying it kind of exaggerated and
wacky and now I'm not sure no it's not
true at least not according to the
author of the study the study in
question so Jake didn't fact check that
is it true that Medicare for all will
save trillions no it won't according to
the author that's not a fact check Jake
when you call the offense like saying
hey you know uh Alex Jones says that
there are lizard people running our
government is it true well we called
Alex he said it is there you go you know
call the guy who's pushing the
propaganda you go look at the study and
then you check the conclusions or
assertions in that study against actual
 facts against actual data they
didn't do that
what is Jake - oh we called the guy we
called the guy who wrote that study and
he says no that's the amount of his
fact-checking Jake in case you
know that that's not fact-checking
that's called the opposite of
fact-checking
that's called pushing corporate
propaganda funded by the Koch brothers
and you're calling it a fact check and
now you know why people get their news
from YouTube well let's watch the rest
of this here we go is a working
paper from the Mercatus Center at George
Mason University that looked at the
ten-year impact of senator Sanders
proposed Medicare for all plans now
while it's true that the Koch brothers
have given millions of dollars to the
Mercatus Center at George Mason
University and an AP investigation
earlier this year suggested that the
Koch brothers do have control and
influence over the hiring and firing of
professors we should know for whatever
it's worth the authors of the study said
the Koch brothers did not influence them
in any way why would you even repeat
that why would you and even though chuck
schumer has taken millions of dollars
from Wall Street he says it doesn't
affect him so here we go so now let's
just go ahead and repeat Chuck Schumer's
propaganda and pretend it's fact that's
what he's gonna do so now let's go ahead
and repeat their propaganda and pretend
it's a fact watch we have senator
Sanders spokesperson he told us that
while the study says Medicare for all
would increase the federal budget by
roughly 32 trillion dollars it also says
that the projected cost of all
healthcare expenditures in the US would
drop by two trillion dollars the study's
author says that that two trillion
dollar drop is not actually his
conclusion
he said that's based on assumptions made
by senator Sanders well Jake did you
read the study is it is it true well he
says that's this is all he does well the
study's author said what does the study
say Jake did you read the study because
if you read the study you would know it
says exactly what Bernie Sanders said it
said but you didn't read the study and
if you did you're even a double liar
because that's what it says and that's
why fact-checking
no one trusts it anymore Snopes is
 fact check that org is
cnn's fact check is PolitiFact
is MSNBC is
and everyone else knows it's we
all see through it here we go fact he
wrote quote it is likely that the actual
cost of vendor care for all would be
substantially greater than these
estimates which assumes significant
administrative and drug cost savings
under the plan and also assume that
health care providers operating under
Medicare for all will be reimbursed it
rates more than forty percent lower than
those currently paid by private health
insurance in fact he lays out an
alternate scenario that does not include
savings from provider payment cuts and
in that scenario
the report says via net increase in
healthcare spending there would be a net
increase if we went to the system the
rest of the world uses that spends half
as much as we do per person yes there
would better but who you gonna believe
Ron you get what I want the health care
numbers I go to a billionaire chemical
baron who funded his studies questioning
climate change that's who he went to I
went to a guy who was funded by chemical
barons billionaire chemical barons who
also funded studies undermining climate
change that's who he's that's his
fact-check he didn't actually go check
those facts he just asked the guy who
asserted those did you assert those he
started it
we're not here to make a judgment on the
viability of Medicare for all yes look
it it doesn't stop it just would like
lie after he does it with a straight
face that's it
same again Wow that is right on oh my
gosh
it's that Jake Tapper Jake Tapper what a
lying tool please sue me we have no idea
if the Koch brothers influenced the
writing of this michaelis center stuff
they don't even have an idea we have no
idea a newsman a newsman a couple of
chemical billionaires fun to
study to discredit Medicare for all even
their own discrediting study actually
credits Medicare for saving trillions of
dollars and this guy I don't know I bet
when they give people money they they
just get the you know just a straight
fat science I like the guys response to
the author's response to tapper too and
they're citing this like it's some
reputable hey well what did you actually
say that well Bernie Sanders concluded
that yet from what from what I'm our
study yes so Bernie Sanders read the
numbers and I saw the numbers and
preferred not to read them so that's
pretty Jake Tapper says who you gonna
believe huh who you gonna trust a coke
brothers think-tank or your lying eyes
but it does seem pretty clear that the
presentation being made by senator
Bernie Sanders and Alexandria Acacio
Cortes about this study lacks a lot of
context and the author of the study says
they are not being accurate a reminder
to all you politicians are that's not a
fact check if you ask this guy the guide
the study guy who is a propagandist
that's not a fact check well we took
what this author studies the study of
the author's the author of the study
said we took what he said and we matched
up against actual facts that's not what
you did years ago we took what the
author of the study said and we
pretended that was a fact check and
again it's it's so nonsensical what the
guy said to I mean I'm not a scientist
why yeah right but I do know if you
think your data is really faulty would
you go through with a study wouldn't you
not do the study if you're like oh gee
this data is not good I should probably
get better data before I go through with
this study that's what anybody would do
so this guy it's like he didn't like the
results they didn't like the results
what it that's all that the Washington
Post they got their PR people got the
people at the Washington Post to lie and
do a fact check same thing with
that now you know why we don't why were
in eight wars you know why we're in a
 Wars now you know why we're
still in Afghanistan why we're still in
Iraq why
is still in Syria while we're still in
Libya now you know why we have 800 bases
around the world and Russia has nine
there you go now you know why thirty
million people don't have health care in
the richest country in the world now you
know why we spend ten times more than
the rest of the world does that and
bombs every year now you know why it's
because of liars and he is a
liar that is this isn't this isn't him
making a mistake
he knows he's lying and he's lying right
through his teeth he's a liar
he's a millionaire liar he's a horribly
has top-notch access to any kind of
health care that he needs or Ian's
