hi everybody welcome to part 4 of our
interview with Peter Joseph who wrote
this book the new humans right rights
movement reinventing the economy to end
depression fascinating book fascinating
conversation so that's a hard concept
that's a super hard concept for people
to wrap their minds around because it's
never been seen anywhere before well but
except before the Neolithic Revolution
right right so where the value systems
were very communal the very systems were
sustainable you know at to the extent do
you want to talk about the solutions I
proposed and of that yeah I want to talk
about the solutions let's go ahead so
the five things as I mentioned so
automation let's stop this
that stop this this this tension we
should be moving to automate everything
as fast as possible I find an offense if
I go to a restaurant these days and I
see the most amazing person the most
amazing culmination of the history of
the universe the nervous system the
human being the most complicated thing
this this end peak of entropy and
they're waiting on you there's this
amazing brain and they're sitting there
waiting on you like a slave it's an it's
an offensive thing to even occur at this
point in time of 21st century nobody
should be doing this they're wasting
their lives their potential you know
people they retire now and they died
soon after cousin you know what to do
with themselves they've been so
destroyed and bankrupted their
creativity just ruined by the process of
markets slavery which is effectively
what it is so automation needs to be put
forward deliberately go I'm sorry so how
you doing when you go to a restaurant
how you gonna get your food you automate
it it's very simple just like they're
doing just like they do in San Francisco
now they have these systems in Japan
they do them now you there's always
going to be some kind of oversight with
any system there's management that's an
that's important but the more efficient
you become with the development of
systems technology yeah like in a big
factory like a shoe factory these people
aren't they're making you know 300 shoes
an hour right and they're not sitting
there doing it they're watching and
managing the machines and they're making
sure the system is working and then they
take proper action and I think that's
kind of where the roles of humanity will
end up in the future which doesn't
necessarily need to be paid for either
you know we a domestic economy people do
tons of things billions and billions of
dollars a year women men do in their
homes they do it because they want to
survive they do it because it's their
world and this is the way it extends out
to the rest of this
in the community which leads me to say
localization so we have globalization so
I talked about automation let's go to
localization we've have globalization
this is this blight the food you'll eat
every day traveled about 2,000 miles
before history yeah that's it that's a
preposterous and we have now Vance types
of farming agricultural systems advanced
production systems 3d printing where you
don't need to have all this constant
dynamic and waste you bring things back
home and you produce things for your
imagine that you produce things for your
actual community as opposed to the
globalized ethic it's just too
destructive Gandhi Gandhi saw this yeah
I mention him in the book to eat he
hated industrialization he's like well
you're gonna have a high propensity for
power consolidation corruption if you go
through globalized industry and he
talked about oceanic circles overlapping
in communities imagine Los Angeles has
an oceanic circle within the other
terrain another city terrain of
California and we've localized all of
our food production as much as best as
we can through advanced means just that
fundamental logic that's needs to be
applied you would reduce energy
consumption and waste probably by 70%
almost instantly if you did that because
of how rampant and how wasteful
globalization is today so autumn is
opposition localization mmm-hmm now
there's access as I mentioned briefly
before and I'll just reiterate that an
access society means you move away from
property as much as you can
inspiring the ethic of actually sharing
so in like in the zeitgeist moment
there's people in Toronto that have a
tool library no one uses their tools
every minute of every day so they share
it in a community and everyone accesses
these tools as they need them in a kind
of rental system brilliant library the
library itself you know one of the
oldest institutions of sharing knowledge
surprise it actually hasn't been shut
down frankly you know cuz it's against
the market ethic yeah so you can take
and build upon that where you don't no
one owns a car anymore you don't need it
you have automated systems you lubbers
already on the edge of this and you just
extend that logic out to just about
anything you think of depending on how
much you use you need that is how you
how much access you need and that's
where the metrics come in in the book I
talked about having you know is like
there's our 257 million cars in America
but yet the people only use it about 5%
of the time as far as the the the
ownership of an individual vehicle which
means if I remember correctly only about
25 million cars are actually needed to
help excuse me to assist any
moving around in America so if you
create automated system to do that
that's a you know thousand percent
decrease or whatever of how many cars
you're actually producing incredible
sustainability potential right there
it's against in it's antithetical to the
market of course because the market
wants you to buy more and more and more
so anytime you move towards a
conservative ethic anything where you're
you're trying to you know do that you're
you're you're slamming up against the
entire driver of so-called progress
which is this incessant need to buy and
consume so that's another aside so so
access automation localization okay now
this is a big one open source open
source in the intellectual community has
been a godsend in their view people open
source things they shared amongst the
community digitally everyone can
contribute to development of a given
idea whether it's a good or a software
as is most commonly so open source means
to someone like me meaning that a
company like Apple which they don't
open-source correct so that's a bad
example
so another company to clean what that
means like tests the open sourced so
what does that mean it means he reduces
he releases all the blueprints and the
design information now that's a very
specific thing why would you do that
well for his reasons there's a couple
reasons for that that aren't as
altruistic but you do that because if
you share knowledge as we've talked
about prior you get more Minds working
on a given problem you're gonna have
more rapid progress as opposed to
sitting at a bore so imagine all the
cell phone companies how many there are
instead of this constant warfare of
let's design the cell phone with a
little button here that does this oh and
that another company says oh I saw that
button let's put that button on our
thing is people seem to like it you have
this back and forth this wasteful back
and forth right that's constantly
mimicking and creating new things and
and costly one up in itself and
everyone's wondering whether they should
spend another thousand dollars on
another iPhone the next year the next
year instead of you do that you you
open-source it and you let people go on
digitally and design this stuff directly
because with CAD 3d engineering and
other programs now we can you can crash
cars digitally and have the virtually
the exact same effect because of how
accurate the replication software is so
you can test these things open-source
would destroy the entire corporate
industry if it was done properly imagine
a world where you say you're say you're
interested in
microphone you're like I need a new
microphone I like you go into a web site
and you are able to look at all the
existing designs but you have a
background in engineering like I don't
like any of these aren't accomplishing
what I want so you go in and you
actually start to design it yourself you
open source that everyone else sees what
you're doing and through AI systems
which are already out there as well that
can do certain things to correct
analysis that people are putting in for
example AI systems can now design cars
and stuff like that artificial
intelligence that's how we're the future
rests in terms of you know really good
decision making because it can take in
two parameters more rapidly than humans
can but when you have a bunch of people
designing something and then you
eventually you end up with the most
advanced cell phone possible at that
point in time period because everyone's
input democratically is put is in there
and it's correlated its current chorus
its combined so in this world
you end up with a democratic economy
where people are engaging and building
and then what happens where does it go
and that's where 3d printing events are
coming to fruition so imagine instead of
globalization where you have
corporations stretched across the world
you come back to localization once again
and you're using advanced 3d printing
systems and here's what's going to
happen there's a barb R Buckminster
Fuller corn coined a term called
ephemeralization and it means more with
less if you look at the whole of human
society we're constantly being able to
increase our productivity and efficiency
with less and less resources so the
first computer was gigantic weighed tons
enormous amounts of power now this chip
in your phone is a thousand times more
powerful it's almost non-existent how
how small and and light and and how much
power it takes that's called a ephemeral
ization Jeremy Rifkin came up with a
similar term I want to present called
more with less or a zero marginal cost
so if you have a machine that produces
say cost a thousand dollars and it
produces its first good that first good
technically cost a thousand dollars all
things being equal the second good $500
second good $250 and so on eventually if
you have a machine that's robust enough
you end up with zero marginal cost it
doesn't cost anything to say make a book
or an output even technology because
we've become so advanced and efficient
with it so what you're an end up having
as far as I'm concerned as a democratic
economy where people are designing an
open-source constantly online creating
the goods that we all share
and then when they get manufactured we
have very specific 3d manufacturing
systems that are localized in regions to
produce those Goods because with that
ephemeralization process you will
eventually have systems mark my words
that will not only produce cars they
will produce televisions they'll produce
computers they reverse any kind of
engineering electronics that you can
think of because that's where it's all
leading down to not to use the ploy of
star Trak buddy members Star Trek had
the replicator when it comes to and then
again that's a sci-fi fantasy but when
it comes with let's say molecular
engineering I guarantee you a laptop
will be 3d printed within the next five
years
someone will envelop the technology that
has enough interdisciplinary so to speak
capacity or it can build the chips and
everything else in one swoop at zero
marginal cost I mean we're already
almost there look how cheap laptops are
just by the general force of the market
through mass mass consumption right so
that's how things become cheap I bought
I don't I buy Macintosh so I have no I
still doesn't they've made it still
expensive so anyway so that's - let me
go to automation localization access
access and source open source and then
the final thing is real fundamental it's
just how we network information together
we don't actually track anything as I
said earlier so you know the Internet of
Things the idea of connecting all your
devices to the Internet and yes I don't
quite know the merit of connecting your
toaster or your refrigerator to the
Internet but people are doing it but
that's that's just pop culture stuff
right there
but what that actually sets the
groundwork for is an ability to in real
time know exactly what your society is
doing economically you track it in a
very fundamental sense in our economy
now money is transferred you buy things
and this metric is slowly generated
literally over months and the reports
that people in the Federal Reserve the
Treasury or the US government or any of
those economic entities they get that
stuff months late like it doesn't mean
anything it's not important information
at that point I know these numbers that
we get about unemployment that's really
old numbers actually so when you have a
have the Internet of Things and and
digitize network feedback you have
literally a consciousness for a society
a country or a planet where you actually
know what you're doing so what does that
mean oh well we're producing this good
and we're running out of timber in this
area let's check to see
if we have other areas that have a
surplus meaning that they have natural
regenerative and they're not we're not
depleting and then suddenly you have
things that are gonna self-regulate our
societies so we don't self destruct
something that we don't have the
discipline to do now because of the
drive of the market force to the drive
of overconsumption and so on does that
make sense
yes so we need all that and it's
fundamental economic principles that
that I'm putting forward but how you put
them together is where people need to
start thinking be thinking more so and
if you come I mean if you came close to
having that actually implemented they
would kill you I think the powers that
be have a moral scapegoat ISM so what
has happened with others these all these
other countries that try to do something
different once again what do they say
they say oh well they're just their
human rights abuses Cuba Cuba did
incredibly well incredibly well with its
embargoes even after the collapse the
Soviet Union right yukio was able to
work with what it had build industries
take care of its people in a way the
United States can't even do it
because it had a fundamental ethic of
working with what they had and what do
we do
Cuba is basically a cult it's the way
they present it oh and then the anti
oppressive forces and oh how dare they
not bring in the free market hence that
three word that almost always pollute
everything as though it actually means
that so you know all the history and
that's what troubles me greatly as I
think some country eventually will
follow these principles simple similar
once you know I don't claim to have all
the answers it's just logic to me as far
as we're headed and someone will try to
go off the grid like the house does and
say we're done with globalization we're
done with all you people we're gonna do
something different because we know we
need to and that's when the big guns
come out because this this country
specifically and all the other ones that
have better hell-bent on maintaining you
know the neoliberal religion they won't
tolerate this right and that's a really
unfortunate they never have they never
have in fact you know if even you read
General Smedley Butler from 1935 he
wrote about it you know air war is a
racket the name of his book and he
talked about you know every war he was
involved with in South America he was
there at the behest of a corporation and
it was to steal the natural resources
from
so a leader who wanted to give it to his
own people and we've been doing that
ever since that's that that's not
stopping that's happening right now in
Syria that's happening in well it
happened in Libya because Qaddafi went
off the dinar and I mean he went off the
petro dollar and he wanted to have a
currency for Africa we can't have that
you can't have that so you go he's gonna
kill his own people so we have to
overthrow him and so that and okay yes
it's funny how people did all this
history's there and no one picks up no
one know right now we're doing the same
thing we did with Syria Iraq against
it's unbelievable that they every time
the government wants to have a war for a
corporation they invent some kind of
Human Rights oh my god Saddam has Saddam
has rape rooms so we have to go replace
them with American rape rooms because
that was what we did which is what we
did and that nobody goes to jail for it
so but there so I think a real concrete
way to fight back against this
quote-unquote free-market capitalism
which is wrecking the earth but not you
know environmentally in all that
professor Richard wolf says democracy at
work coops right so that brings that
takes care that takes that totalitarian
nature of corporations out and then
workers get to decide what do you think
about that idea I agree with it in in
the the microcosm of it I think it's
great that there are people in the
Europe and the United States that have
been doing it but it takes a certain
kind of community to pull that off it
also takes a competitive benefit where
you can maintain that type of Galit
arianism against other corporations that
don't see this is the problem of the
competitive system when people try to do
something good it tends to make them
less profitable generally speaking it
tends to influence how how much market
share they're going to get and it's the
same argument I use you know people that
talk about green entrepreneurialism or
green capitalism or you know the
companies that come forward and they try
to to not use slave manufactured
textiles or chocolate or whatever but in
order for them to do that they have to
they have to basically increase their
prices and that's where the whole moral
debate of voting with your doll
comes forward and so on and all of that
stuff is good but I think the real
problem is when you have if you have a
cooperative that does that you're gonna
be susceptible to the ruthlessness of
all of your competing industries and I
think it's why it hasn't really
persisted it's the wearing away that
people realize that they have to
maintain more of a cutthroat
hierarchical and stratify excuse me in
any unequal type of profit-sharing in
order to make it work that seems to be
why this hasn't taken hold remember that
that idea goes back a hundred years
people talking about long before Karl
Marx right now so that there's a and the
question is but why hasn't become more
popular and it's because it really goes
against the natural grain of the system
and it's hard to maintain stability if
you're gonna operate that way
unless you're a small company in the
Midwest you don't have a lot of
competitors and you're willing to build
a kind of a loaf I you know so to speak
communal corporation but I have a very
