hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
im here with steps Amaranto and ron
flick own I'm miserable
hello so this guy wrote you know that is
that's alan dershowitz oh he's a famous
lawyer he's a civil rights lawyer and
he's most famous for defending OJ
Simpson so if he saw the movie you know
he was the one of the main guys and he
he but he woke this cut he wrote this
article in the hill Maxine Waters does
not speak for Democrats or liberals and
I'm gonna I'll show you the article real
briefly over the parts of it I think are
important so basically he's upset that
he's being shunned because he's a
defender of I don't want to say he's a
defender of Donald Trump in a sense he's
defending Donald Trump's civil rights
what he's saying is that if you're gonna
take down Donald Trump you have to do it
legally and honestly and you can't have
a different precedent for Donald Trump
legally then you do for other people
isn't that what that is that a fair
characterization would you guys say so
and that's what we've said right so this
whole Russia thing again this is this
could probably only happen to Trump
right well yeah I mean it's one of those
things regardless of how much you
dislike Donald Trump and I dislike
Donald Trump I dislike all of his policy
ideas however he gets due process just
like everybody else right because if you
can take it away from him you can take
it away from anybody and so again I
haven't followed alan dershowitz is what
he's been saying about the Trump
administration but to me I thought
that's what it was okay so I just
thought it he's he's he's saying you got
to do everything legally I haven't again
I haven't gone over his defense or
whatever he's said about Donald Trump
with a fine-tooth comb but that's that's
so and a lot of people are upset it's
like a lot of a lot of people get upset
at anybody who points out that the
Russia thing is BS there isn't any
evidence all that stuff and people like
why are you defending Trump know again
like Ron says all the time I'm not gonna
let Trump steal my critical thinking
skills
not gonna go along with propaganda or BS
just because I dislike Trump and his
policies so I think that's what elders
but but he goes a little too far in this
article and you're gonna see why he says
Congress congresswoman Maxine Waters
recently told her supporters to hound
the president Trump's cabinet members
wherever they find them now again this
brings up a lot of different points like
is it okay so people like oh people say
to me Oh Jimmy do you want people around
you cuz I don't have any power I'm not
in power I'm not the head of the
Department of Homeland Security of the
most of the world's greatest superpower
that's not me I don't have power over
people's lives I can't send people to
prison I can't I don't I don't have the
power to separate a mother from her baby
I don't have that power so that's the
difference between people like me and
people with actual power and so it
brings up a bigger conversation which
we've talked about on the show is when
does it go - I disagree with your
position - you're actually doing
something that is not see like you're
doing something that I have to stand up
against anywhere I can so like a fewer
in in Germany when Hitler was rising to
power do you go well that we have to
respect them that they have a different
point of view so it's what point does it
become a point of view in a political
position and when does it start to
becoming something you have to fight
against so that's the question that's
what this is the whole thing that's what
this is about right mm-hmm when does it
stop just being you know again and I've
made the point there's a difference
between arguing should we have a 1% tax
hike or a 1 or 2% or should we have a 2%
tax cut or a 4% those are normal
political arguments you know or should
we expand Social Security should
contract it should we have us a welfare
state should we have a social safety net
should we not those seem like normal
political discussions but when you're
doing so but when does it cross the line
when when did Hitler
when did Mussolini
when do they go from normal political
conversations to something you have to
stand up against so that's the question
here so what he's saying is that Maxine
Waters call telling your supporters to
hound the president Trump's cabinet
members wherever they find them and then
he goes on to quote her they're not
going to be able to go to a restaurant
they're not going to be able to go to a
gas station they're not gonna be able to
shop at a department store this is
Maxine Waters the the the people are
going to turn on them they're going to
protest they're going to absolutely
harass them
that's what Maxine Waters said and he
puts that in this article and he says
Waters does not so that's the argument
now I don't claim to know where that
dividing line is I don't claim to know
where the dividing line is of when it
goes from work where this is normal
political disagreements and we have to
be respectful to hey we have to do
whatever we can to stop this so I don't
really I'm not claiming to know where
that dividing line is but I will I do
know this there's nothing less civil
more in civil there's nothing more in
civil than separating a mother from its
baby so so that that's a fact okay so
maybe killing the baby would be more in
civil yeah that would be even worse okay
but it's right up there top five oh yeah
okay he says he goes on in his hill
article he says Waters does not speak
for all Democrats or liberals nor do
those who who through Sarah Huckabee
Sanders out of the Red Hen Restaurant
neither do those who have harassed other
members of the Trump administration so
he's saying so it sounds like dursa
which is saying hey well I'm a Democrat
and you don't speak for me that's what
it sounds like but these rude extremists
are a symptom of the times the divisions
have gotten so bad that many on both
sides refused to speak or listen to
those on the other side either you are
for Trump or against him and that is all
some people need to know to make
judgments about you now we went out of
our way here at the Jimmy door so even
though we oppose everything Donald
Trump stands for and the way he ran for
president right race-baiting saying
things about Muslims called calling for
a wall pretending like the problems in
America are caused by the other and
they're not the problems in America are
caused by the powerful people in America
Russia didn't poison our water and Flint
Russia didn't render half the people in
this country poor a low-income Russia
didn't let make everybody a gofundme are
the national health care program Russia
didn't make people's under mountains of
college debt Russia didn't take our good
jobs and outsource them to poor people
in more desperate situations the prom
cause of our problems in america are
america americans we caused them and so
i could be against all that stuff that
donald trump did and and and think
that's horrible which i do but at the
same time i we went out of our way to
point out i understand why people would
gravitate towards Donald Trump which is
much different than saying I support
Donald Trump or I support people for
supporting him I understand that I get
it
so that's much different than saying I
support him and so I get that both
parties have turned their backs on the
working class and that's why we got a
Democrat demagogue right winger like
Trump that's what's happened so he calls
people who kicked Sarah suck Huckabee
Sanders out and they calls those people
rude extremists well what is moderate
about calling for a border wall what is
moderate about separating families what
is moderate about no not nothing
nothing's moderate what's moderate about
saying that that white supremacists and
Nazis and people are against them
they're both good people on both sides
there's nothing moderate about saying
that there's good people out of Nazi
white
Society and my I know the people are
gonna heads are gonna explode in the
comments over this look there's nothing
moderate about that so him saying that
only that people like that are rude
extremists what by the way what's
moderate about having a drum I'm saying
it's just not the Trump administration
that are extremists the whole goddamn
countries in the Iraq war wasn't an
extremist move killing hundreds of
thousands of people had nothing to do
with attacking us that's not an
extremist ideology torture isn't an
extremist ideology there's been
extremists a long time this isn't new do
you see what I'm saying is that the idea
of calling people rude extremists one
you're pretending that when I'm
protesting yes I'm an
extremely rude extremist you're and then
rude by saying that I'm not being civil
it is difficult to be civil when you
hear or read or listen and watch what
they're doing to families and children
I'm supposed to be civil about this I'm
supposed to go and talk to somebody
who's in a position of power at a
restaurant right when they're doing
these barbaric awful awful things to
other humans and let's not forget the
Donald Trump also encouraged violence
against the other constant constantly
constantly oh I like to punch him in the
nose I'll pay that guy's the guy who
sucker punch that for protester I'll pay
his legal bills all that stuff so again
this idea that somehow try Trump isn't
the worst at this he is hey throw that
guy out leave it without his coat in the
middle of winter and it today you know
in the old days they weren't they didn't
worry about being nice they rough em up
that this is what Trump so don't give me
the that sighs so so I got
Trump is the worst at this okay so don't
try to predict but people are going to
people are going to drag it so don't
don't give me that but let's get back to
this article because it gets funny so I
get an assist I think this is an
examination of this that you're not
going to see anywhere else by the way
I've seen other people cover this
article and they just do again broad
Rush's Oh Ellen dursa which is just a
crazy jerk and look but there is things
that make fun of them about here and
we're gonna do that now but uh have you
seen anybody else dissect this like this
I have not okay and I just want to say
at the same time that there are these
rude extremists there's something called
the Poor People's Campaign that is going
across our nation
so are they rude extremists because they
are demanding that our voices are to be
heard and they're doing that in the most
civil way right and they're still being
harassed and imprisoned and they get
locked up all the time well here you go
what is a polite extremist look like by
the way like what is his hat like ha
they're they're really extreme but so
politely super polite very polite in
their extremism either you are for Trump
or against him and that is all some
people need to know to make judgments
about you I know this because I have
experienced this firsthand on Martha's
Vineyard man of the people I don't even
know like that's like saying boy I gotta
tell you these uh the food hair sucks
and it's such small portions you know
it's like dude you're talking about
being discriminated against at a 1%
place you know what I mean it's like you
can't oh my god so go ahead anybody when
I grew up on the tough streets of
bel-air I can't I can't
I can't even go have a latte without
somebody giving me a cross look I'm
Martha's Vineyard and I'm tired of it
this this discrimination ends today so
this is so he goes on to talk about it
and then he talks about hey I've always
been a civil right for people's civil
rights and he writes about how he stood
up for Bill Clinton when he was being
impeached he's like hey I talked about
civil rights then and I talked about I
was on his side okay so you get so that
he's saying I'm Jay I just go where the
I just tell the truth whether it helps
Bill Clinton or it helps Trump
it's a truth-teller that's what he's
saying and so he lets that and then he
says but this that is not good enough
for some of my old friends on Martha's
Vineyard meaning he defended Bill
Clinton for them it is enough that I
have said about the constant that what I
have said about the Constitution might
help Trump so they are shunning me and
trying to ban me from their social life
on Martha's Vineyard oh my god
so now real discrimination is when
someone is denied employment right so
now they can't they can't live they
can't support their family they can't
pay their rent they might become
homeless or when they're targeted by
police and the racist criminal justice
system so now they get their life and
Liberty taken away and they go to prison
and they have no life
that's real examples of discrimination
this but Jimmy think of all the cigars
he's missing out on hashtag all swisher
Sweets matter and now he's being shunned
at parties on Martha's Vineyard the
humanity they don't know the pain that
causes in a millionaire you do it I'd
like to think I'm being shunned too from
Martha's be - I've never been invited
that maybe there you guys have never
been invited to Martha's Vineyard it is
an outrage I think it's because I'm
brown I I think good I I mean I haven't
we got a pitch a piece to the hill now
none of us have been invited none of us
okay
let's put your piece yeah he goes on he
says one of them one of the people who
have been shunning him one of them an
academic at a distinct distinguished
University has told people that he would
not attend any dinner or party he's
pretending like this is a real
discrimination you doth protest too much
sir I will not be attendance at any
dinner party that's now all right oh you
discriminate eighter i he would not
attend to any dinner or party to which i
was invited he had other he and others
have demanded demanded trigger warnings
so that they can be assured of having
safe spaces in which they
will not encounter me or my ideas others
have said they will discontinue
contributions to organizations that
sponsor my talks
he wrote this entire article with a pipe
in his hand I'm wondering was he was he
was he on Martha's Vineyard when he
wrote this we're wearing an ascot as I
read this I keep thinking it's an onion
piece it's it's reads like an onion
piece it really does save spaces it
really does I never thought I would see
McCarthyism come to Martha's Vineyard
but I have I wonder if that's not
McCarthyism McCarthyism is when you get
smeared as being a traitor to your
country and it used and that's not what
that they're doing they just don't like
you because you're helping Trump that I
don't I don't know anyway he says I
would love to see I I never thought I
would see McCarthyism come to Martha's
Vineyard Detroit yes but not where I
summer you know working-class people
don't they they don't they they don't
describe what they do in the in with
names of seasons right yeah you know
when I was a bricklayer people I go hey
will you get a summer this year where am
I gonna summer hey were you gonna winter
were you guys what do you guys fall I
fall right on the barroom floor like to
do spring where are you guys going to
summer I never thought I would see
McCarthyism come to Martha's Vineyard
but I have I wonder if the professor
refuses to listen to anything I have to
say also treats his students similarly
that's actually good points would he
listen to a student who actively
supported Trump what about what about
one who simply supported his civil
liberties so that's that's actually two
good questions and what Alan dursa which
is saying is that I'm just support I'm
just supporting civil liberties across
the board no matter who it happens to be
so that's what he's saying whether he's
actually doing that in practice I
can't speak to that because again I
haven't gone over what he said about
Trump with a fine-tooth comb but in
theory but then he goes out again but
this again he might be right on facts
and things but he's really screwed the
pooch I'm writing about how he's being
discriminated against I'm on this
vineyard it's just all the other
millionaires won't be nice to me that's
just you're not gonna get a lot of
sympathy with that that's all I'm saying
this is a bad tactic right so if you
want to talk anyway but this is not
about me he says oh yes it is nor it is
about nor is it about Sarah Huckabee
Sanders or a Steph Stephen Miller or
Betsy DeVos this is about the United
States of America it is about our
growing intolerance toward opposing
views we don't ever growing intolerance
towards opposing views we have a we have
one political party that's pretty much
 intolerant all the time and
that's called the Republican Party
they're not tolerant of gays they're not
tolerant of Hispanics they're not town
so there you see what I'm saying they're
not tolerant of people having sex
outside unless what it's them you see
what I'm saying that whole moral
majority
 there's no tolerance there okay
would you agree okay yeah so am I is
that too broad of a statement one party
has been intolerant yeah we got one
party it's the money party and if you
call that out a lot of people are
intolerant to you that's right so yeah
but what I said the Republican Party is
an better than Tyler but they've been
intolerant towards civil rights yeah so
that's what we're talking about we say
intolerance you know but we have you
have to tolerate our views of
intolerance that's what they're saying
hmm and I don't have to again an
opposing view is should we raise taxes
by one percent or should we cut taxes by
two percent no those are opposing views
saying hey we're gonna turn this country
into a police state and we're gonna
separate babies from their mothers
that's not a view that's not an opposing
view that's called her if that's called
a humanitarian crisis that's not
opposing view that's what I think mm-hmm
and you know so it's real it's and to
equate a humanitarian crisis with a
distant posing right it's so it
diminishes diminishes yeah yes please
don't demean what's or diminish try to
diminish what's actually happening by
calling it an opposing view so that
again that's that goes back to the
beginning of this segment when I was
trying to tell so when does it when does
it become an opposing view and when does
it become something you have to stand up
against and fight against right
now so those are tough decisions and
every person has to make them for
themselves I guess mm-hmm
and by the way I don't have power if I
was a person in power and I was doing
some nefarious like calling for the
murder of other people or the separation
of babies from their mothers I would
expect some public pushback
well I'm surrounded while I'm surrounded
by my armed guards and when when this
when he says it's not about me it's not
