so I wanted to show people I wanted to
show you this because people keep
talking about the corruption of the of
the Trump administration which they are
Trump said he was gonna drain the swamp
and of course he came in and they
drained the swamp and boom there was his
his cabinet was right at the bottom so
but they huffington posted an article
about what the barack obama
administration some of the officials are
doing now and i just want to remind
people what barack obama did when he got
out of the White House before we get
into that article Obama goes from White
House to Wall Street in less than a year
lats so this was this was from September
of 2010 burrs September eighteenth 2017
September 18th my brother Eddie's
birthday September 18 2017 that's when
this was from Obama goes from White
House to Wall Street in less than a year
and everybody what nine no one was upset
by that in fact we had comedians like
the guy who hosts a Daily Show now
defending it defending corruption that's
how up our culture it's that
comedians now defend corruption and
advocate against free speech which is
what comedians are doing now with Alex
Jones the true point of satire is to
defend the lesser of two evils ol ass
months just before her book what
happened was published Barack Obama
spoke in New York to clients of Northern
Trust Corporation for about 400 grand a
person familiar with the appearance said
so Barack Obama leaves the White House
goes out windsurfing with Branson and
riding in his balloon and going to
Martha's Vineyard and going to Italy and
all these places and then when he
decides to come back in the public life
he comes back and how does he do it he
comes back by giving speeches to
banks at half a million dollars a clip
why'd we get Trump huh this is this is
amazing right
last week here in my hearing Bremen it's
about the White House for Carlyle Group
one of the world's biggest private
equity firms next week
he'll give a keynote speech at
investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald's
health care conference so that's what
Barack Obama did and that's what Chris
Hedges means when he says they steal
right out in the open now they don't
even care
they're so corrupt they do all right out
in the open that's Barack Obama doing it
right out in the open
legal corruption right out in the open
right in your face and now let's take a
look
former Obama officials are writing out
the Trump years by cashing in this is by
Zack Carter and Paul Blumenthal the
revolving door takes a spin so they they
they list a bunch of quotes from people
who are hair's on fire because Trump so
corrupt so here's some of them our
democracy is under attacked warned
former attorney General Eric Holder
former assistant attorney general Lanny
Breuer called the Trump administration
Zamir my gracious agenda contrary to the
core values of this nation conscientious
public servants cannot stay silent wrote
former Department of Homeland Security
Secretary jeh Johnson who also said
President Donald Trump's separation of
migrant children from their Asylum
seeking parents is immoral and
unamerican that's former Department of
Homeland Security Secretary jeh Johnson
Jezza named jeh that's a name yeah
former former White House spokes
spokesman Jay Carney we know Jay Carney
he worried about the country's
credibility under Trump Donald Trump is
sort of to politics what Bernie Madoff
was to investment according to X
agricultural secretary tom vilsack his
birth control policy said Obama campaign
manager David Plouffe is unconscionable
Wow and here's what the HuffPo article
said which I love this they go and yet
for all the damage the Trump
administration is doing to American
democracy
several prominent Obama alums seem to
have quietly made their peace with the
sutler attack on the legitimize the
legitimacy of us institutions how what
do you mean what are you talking about
well today many are lending the prestige
of their White House resumes to scandal
fraud organizations in return for large
sums of money some are even doing
business with the Trump administration
huh these days Johnson remember Jed
Johnson boasted these days she Reese
receives two hundred ninety thousand
dollars a year to serve on the board of
directors at Lockheed Martin the largest
American defense contractor and get this
the world's biggest weapons manufacturer
she went from Barack Obama's White House
to the board of the world's biggest
weapon weapons manufacturer and she gets
paid 290 grand a year for it and she has
to chance to go to about eight meetings
a year for that soon so eight meetings
that's like over that's almost like
that's like $50,000 per meeting she gets
to go to not bad go from the White House
to Lockheed Martin to give you 50 grand
a meeting I mean I'm not a math surgeon
did I do the math right on that yes so
that company Lockheed Martin by the way
has been fined over seven hundred and
sixty-seven million dollars for various
forms of misconduct since forming in
1995 according to the Project on
Government Oversight so they've been
miss conducting up almost a billion
dollars worth of miss conducting so when
you think about the Trump University and
how they scam people you think oh
they're also scamming people Lockheed
Martin all told the company does
thirty-five billion dollars a year
business with the federal government
much of it get this contracted with the
very department Johnson recently headed
huh what about the revolving door the
company sales are rising along with
Trump's defense
budgets Barnes so that guy Barnes is
also working at a defense contractor
earning upwards of two hundred and ten
thousand dollars a year serving on the
board of Booz Allen Hamilton which held
eight meetings in 2017 how much is that
eight meetings in the two hundred so
it's like thirty thousand a meeting now
for two ninety eight meetings that's
like 36 okay so two ten that would be
more like in the thirty yeah yeah okay
I'm not good with math me neither but
it's a lot of money I did it on a
calculator did you it's twenty six
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars
per meeting oh yeah fifty fifty times
eight would be forty so five times eight
is that be four hundred thousand not
three hundred thousand so my math was
off so thank you for every always check
my math is incorrect Barnes who recently
penned an op-ed for the hills so these
are X Obama administration officials who
recently penned an op-ed for the hill
calling to build an inclusive
multicultural democracy that provides
opportunity community and security for
all three community wealth building has
been working for the firm what firm wait
a minute Oh Brooke Booz Allen have been
working for the firm since 2015 last
year the company announced it was
subject of a Department of Justice
criminal investigation over
irregularities in its government
building and accounting oh so they're
scammers - over there Booz Allen you
think according to the Center for
Responsive Politics in 2016 and 2017
alone the company receives 63 million
dollars in contracts to work with
Immigration and Customs Enforcement the
militarized of deportation agency at the
heart of the Trump administration's
family separation scandal so Booz Allen
making money off the Trump's of
immigration policy Booz Allen Hamilton
revenues are up almost 15% since Trump
came to town
as Attorney General Eric Holder refused
to prosecute Wall Street criminals
caught Wall Street crime related to the
2008 financial crisis even as banks
agreed to pay billions upon billions of
dollars in settlement after settlement
with the federal government still not
one criminal prosecution not one even in
cases where major banking institutions
pleaded guilty to felony charges holder
in the Department of Justice declined to
prosecute any actual bankers for crimes
he said that corruption so when
Trump pardons Joe Arpaio is that more
corrupt than this no it's not these
people hurt a lot more people than Joe
Arpaio did so it makes a perverse kind
of sense that Eric Holder is now a
partner at the law firm of Covington and
Burling a DC based outfit that
specializes in work on behalf of the
banking industry so do you see that Eric
Holder is a corrupt piece of it himself
he's as corrupt as they come Eric Holder
he's Joe Arpaio he is Trump Eric Holder
is he is he doesn't have integrity Eric
Holder's of money-grubbing wall street
like the rest of them and he's your
enemy in a remarkable interview with
MSNBC's Chris Hayes in April Eric Holder
downplayed the significance of financial
misconduct no kidding
you know Mike this visit if Trump was
doing that go ahead I just want to say
financial misconduct
come on why don't you just call it
criminal stealing or whatever but you
mean you mean you mean criminal cheating
and stealing from your own customers and
committing fraud on the economy you mean
that financial misconduct they make it
sound like they were they they cross the
street wrong while they were counting
money
oh I'm sorry Jay Walker oh I was
counting that's my financial misconduct
he downplayed the significance of
financial misconduct Eric Holder did
suggesting that law enforcement agencies
have more important things to deal with
imagine if Trump said that people be
like eggs at reason he's poured off he's
bought off it's right in front of your
face it's right in front of your face
he's bought off you're missing the
biggest story of your life it's right in
front of your face
that's what they would be saying if it
was Trump but since it's Obama this is
what they say what huh-huh how are you
gonna do I like the law enforcement
agencies have more important things to
deal with that's basically code for like
god they we throw poor people in jail
yeah there's poor people to throw in
jail yes let us leave us alone
we're fine more bored things to do so
there's another guy Brewer who was in
charge of the Department of Justice
Criminal Division during the Obama years
I got Brewer is also partner at
Covington and Burling isn't that nice so
the person who was in charge of the
DoD's criminal division during the Obama
years is also a partner at another Wall
Street law firm defending Wall Street
bankers he currently spends his time
helping clients navigate financial fraud
investigations anti-corruption manners
money laundering investigations
securities enforcement actions cyber
crime incidents congressional
investigations and other criminal civil
matters presenting complex regulatory
political and public relations risks
that's according to the firm's website
so he went right from the department
head of the Department of Justice
Criminal Division to defending criminals
that he was supposed to be prosecuting
before which he didn't if Trump was
doing that people would be going
crazy and they should but this is why
you got Trump because Barack Obama's
just as corrupt and these
are just as corrupt as everyone else and
they're selling you out and they sold
you out which is why your life got worse
under Barack Obama not
better Obama's first Securities Exchange
Commission chair Mary Schapiro has also
found her way into Wall Street's good
graces she now advises financial firms
of the consulting firm
Pramod premonitory Financial Group and
serves on the board of Morgan Stanley
his first Securities Exchange Commission
Chair is now on the board of Morgan
Stanley so you're supposed to be
regulating them but you really want a
job from them so you don't really
regulate them an investment but Morgan
Stanley is an investment banking
behemoth that has settled 24 separate
allegations of misconduct with the
federal government since her departure
from the SEC this includes a
multi-billion dollar case for defrauding
investors with toxic securities during
the financial crisis so you remember all
people said how horrible it was Trump
and Trump University which it was that
he defrauded these poor Schmucks who
thought they were gonna go to a real
university and learned
tools to get ahead in real estate and he
defrauded them that's what bankers do
they defraud the people who give them
their money just like Trump did
and now Obama's people are defending
these pieces of it it's a big club and
you ain't in it
former treasurer secretary to our
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is
in my favorite blue he is now president
of a private equity firm called Warburg
Pincus which owns mariner financed an
installment lender that targets poor
families with high interest loans so
Timothy Geithner the piece of
 that he is and he is why do I get
me that's kind of strong that seems
over-the-top rhetoric Timothy Geithner
secretary of the Treasury is a piece of
 yes he inflicted pain on 5.1
million families what kind of pain he
made them homeless and who did he do it
for the banks so the banks could make
more money
that was their plan as was revealed by
Dave Dan's reporting that wasn't a bug
that they kicked 5.1 million families
out of their homes
that was their feature that was their
plan to do that not to help them to
them and they did it
that's who Timothy Geithner is and now
he's the president of a company that
preys on the most vulnerable in our
society he makes millions of dollars
preying on poor people but what do you
mean Jimmy well for instance a
devastating Washington Post story
published last week detailed the case of
one Mariner customer who borrowed
$2,000 from the firm only to find
himself owing $3,200 in less than a year
even after making a few payments on the
loan Mariner initially got in touch with
the man by mailing him a check for
$1,200 out of the blue labeled as a loan
with a 33 percent interest rate what
 predatory pieces of Timothy
Geithner is Wow and he will never go to
prison ever none of these white-collar
criminals what Trump's the real piece of
garbage dumps a piece of garbage not
Timothy Geithner on all these pieces of
 ex White House chief of staff Pete
Rose is now chair of the public and
strategic affairs group at the law firm
Perkins Coie where he quote provides
policy analysis and offer strategic
advice on navigating Congress and the
executive branch and councils senior
level executives on federal and state
policy issues and related Public
Communication charges so that's former
ex White House chief of staff what he's
doing now that activity is known to the
general public as lobbying so he became
went right from the chief of staff of
the White House to a lobbyist
and
there's then there's carne prior to
Trump's election perhaps no American in
the 21st century had displayed greater
ingenuity when attempting to discredit
legitimate journalism than the former
White House spokesperson so now
everybody's acting like Trump invented
discrediting journalists when the Barack
Obama White House prosecuted journalists
using the Espionage Act and James Carney
did what they're about to tell you he
did he tried to discredit journalism
there's prior to Trump's election
perhaps no American in the 21st century
had displayed greater ingenuity when
attempting to discredit legitimate
journalism that Barack Obama's former
White House spokesperson but lying just
started with the Trump riot everybody
was great I wish we had to a Barack
Obama back with his brand of
criminals Carney worked for Time
magazine as a political editor before
joining the White House and he joined
Amazon as a senior vice president in
March 2015 after leaving the
administration in the summer of 2014
when the New York Times ran a story
detailing a host of problems with
Amazon's Hart's workplace culture Carney
offered a lengthy reply on medium
publicly challenging the company up
publicly challenging the company
employees quoted in the story so The
Times as a story quotes the employees at
Amazon and then Carney writes a
piece discrediting those employees and
why Amazon why Amazon thought this would
contribute to an imp would contribute to
an image as a supportive employer was
not clear and they and Carney also
accused the what the New York Times of
journalistic malpractice what did he say
to discredit the employees like oh they
didn't actually have to pee in bottles
it was more of a jug yeah it's not true
read cart so this is what this the the
author of this piece says go read
carnies piece and ask yourself if the
final paragraph doesn't read like a memo
from Sarah Huckabee Sanders it's a
masterpiece of innuendo and half truth
of mole hills presented as mountains and
up on substantiated accusations so we'll
end it there
the criminals who were in Barack Obama's
White House that's the swamp Eric Holder
is the swamp Barack Obama is the swamp
Jay Carney is the swamp these people are
the dregs and they're screwing
you to become millionaires it's a big
capitalistic gangbang and you ain't in
it but they want you to think it's just
Trump the system was fine before Trump
Trump happened because we don't know why
this is why Trump happened because all
these people in Barack Obama's
administration are working
against you including Barack Obama Jimmy
that sounds over-the-top it's not
over-the-top it's a it's a fact it's a
fight why you don't have the public
option it's why you don't have
medicare-for-all
it's why we don't have a functioning
financial sector it's why we pay twice
as much for health care as the rest of
the world because they're all corrupt
can I have one thing yes it's why half
the country doesn't vote it's why half
the country doesn't vote you want to
know why half the country doesn't vote
and you have to about people
getting a thousand votes for a third
party this is why half the country
doesn't vote Debra Messing Chris Hayes
Rachel Matt out you worthless
sack she's not worthless
she's very valuable to the establishment
she's very valuable that's why they pay
Rachel medal thirty thousand dollars a
day which is what they pay her to
 lie to you and she does so there
you go I just said that's a great great
job by the way by Zack Carter and who
was the other gentleman who wrote this
Zack Carter and pav Blumenthal great job
there's really great Grilli great stuff
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
