we have a special guest here you know
Anthony Rendon in in California we have
a supermajority Democrats in the
legislature so you would think we'd have
single-payer already because California
is the fifth largest economy in a world
and somehow Anthony Rendon who was the
Speaker of the assembly of Democrats
says that he was for single-payer before
he even ever heard of Obamacare and my
point is well then you would think you'd
have a plan to implement it once you got
into a position of power but he got into
a position of power and he's like oh
 I forgot I forgot how that I
supposed to come up with a plan to
institute that thing and now there's
just no way to do it so here is someone
running against that guy Anthony Rendon
Maria Estrada she's running against him
in Assembly District 63 Maria how are
you I'm great thanks for coming how did
you like my assessment of Anthony Rendon
I think you were too kind
oh no kidding oh my god tell me tell me
more I just I spoke with them personally
I met with them in a paramount which is
the city that is highly afflicted with a
lot of environmental issues and there's
a class action lawsuit against seven of
the companies really that there's a lot
of a hexavalent chromium six in the
community and Southeast LA has the
highest levels of high rates of a cancer
lung cancer leukemia no environmental
asthma and allergies and we have also
have the highest rates of uninsured
children and the second highest rates of
uninsured adults in the entire county of
Los Angeles and he knows this so the
fact that he would block a bill like
that is is it's criminal and he should
be ashamed to show his face in the
district so so when you met with him you
met with him yeah how did that meeting
go
hahaha well I mean I just said to him
like I just want to be clear what we're
saying here it's not Donald Trump and
it's not the Republicans that are
blocking Californians from having health
care
manok it's the Democrats because we were
in control the state but specifically
you that did this and he says well
that's not a fair assessment I said well
whether it's fair or not isn't
irrelevant it's accurate he knows what
he did and and the fact is that uh
there's a lot of people in that
community they're suffering right now
and it's a very poor community and
people have to pay too you know $60 an
hour to rent the soccer fields because
the there's money short in the city in
Cudahy and you know 120 dollars for a
emergency hospital visit there's a lot
of money for someone in that community
and yet this is something that's
happening all the time and people are
like one should paycheck away of you
know not being able to pay rent and and
here he does this it's it's just it's
it's really disgusting Rock can you send
me a link to a map for the 63rd district
I want to show people where it is
because you could say today that I I
don't I can't even visualize it where is
it Bell Cudahy no wood no Bell well
bowels are famous yeah yeah well
actually I am a friend of mine that I
went to high school with was that
Thurgood Marshall Elementary a couple
weekends ago and four of the school
directors in the previous four weeks had
quit proposition K was a proposition
that taxed the community for Linwood
Unified School District to repair the
schools and there's a lot of money
missing so oh no Katie yeah but this is
just that district a magnet for
corruption yes and coincidentally all of
the City Council members school board
members and mayor's have all endorsed
him so now how are people receiving you
in the district how's it going how's
your campaign going great I was actually
just canvassing before I got here and
everybody's super receptive the the
problem is is that a lot of people are
so disengaged politically because
they're so discouraged I'm just going to
City Council mean meeting I mean anybody
could tell you if they've ever been to
like the Cudahy City Council meetings
they're just really disrespectful in and
maybe the council to the residents yeah
they treat them really poorly they have
police there to intimidate them it's
just really disgusting
it's the same in Compton so I mean this
is just in these neighborhoods and then
people get discouraged they don't want
to go and then they're already working 8
10 12 hour days they have to get a
babysitter you know I can do the kids
homework and these meetings go 10:00
11:00 at night sometimes so you take
your time to go there and and to be
treated like that it's it's you know and
so what did you do before you ran for
and when you lived in the district most
of your life and what did you do before
you used to decided to run for his seat
actually I'm an accountant okay so I
actually was working for a company in
Beverly Hills but um I actually moved
out of the district in 89 that's in a
lot of drugs and a lot of shooting was
going on and they actually shot at my
mother's house so my gun was it was
right before we turned three years old
and I moved to Moorpark California so I
actually raised my kids in Moorpark and
I was there for 27 years and then
January of 2016 I moved back and did you
did you move back oh I kind of changed
this hold on did you say did you email
it or do textile oh it hasn't come
through okay well you do that let me
talk to Maria is that cool while you're
looking for I'm looking for that yeah
yeah you're gonna look for that
okay so Maria why should I vote for you
what's the you know like you know if I
I'm I know it's hard to get people to
vote right now but what can we do to get
them to go out and vote for you why
should you get my vote because I
actually am indicative of that of that
district of the community there my
mother still lives there they bought the
house in 73 I have no desire to any
financial gain from this good job like
there's there was nothing in me that
that would have prompted me to run other
than that I felt it's necessary and I
have a responsibility to my community I
still have people from elementary school
that still live there and even though I
moved away I do feel like I owe that
community and my mother
still there I still have a lot of family
there and I think we all owe our
communities to pay back our communities
especially in a community like mine
where people are just really suffering
and you know they're doing everything
they can to get by and the people that
they vote voted in to represent them are
 them over every chance they get
and that's it's just not right and I I
don't have patience for it the
Democratic Party has been running the
state since 1958 and they're to blame
for the environmental issues going on in
our state
for the economic issues we have high
level of poverty homelessness is record
levels I mean we have LAPD's the worst
Police Department in the country and
their Bill of Rights
is they have more rights than than the
average citizen
the fact that a policeman could go in a
community and murder somebody and and
the no repercussions is disgusting so
and and then the fact is that we pay not
only for the clean ups of all these
environmental issues like what happened
with the Exide plant Christina Garcia
wrote a bill taxing us 176 million
dollars the speaker approved that bill
and and it alleviated them of financial
responsibility for the cleanup so so so
so now are they us one way the
 us the other way and so then you
have the police who are going around and
not policing but abusing their authority
exactly and between 2011 and 2015 the
American taxpayer paid over a billion
dollars for for-4 settlements and that's
just only the people that took it that
far so so this is going on you cool you
go to look Baltimore engine you know
Chicago Queens Queens is like terrible
Bronx Bronx all over an LAPD so we're
we're paying for them to abuse us so so
they should be responsible just like
that chick should come out of their
pension funders yeah absolutely and just
like these these companies the onus of
proving that they poisonous shouldn't be
on us it should be on them right if
you're dealing with carcinogens and
pollutants then automatically the
assumption is that you're the one that's
causing this community it's just logical
sense and yet everything is geared to
protect these corporations and nobody's
protecting these communities now if you
look at the Porter Ranch situation and
what happened
the Health Department came in and put
people up in hotels and they putted
these mobile homes for these kids to go
to school in they're not at that they're
not doing that a black and brown
neighborhoods they're not gonna do that
for us so who's gonna fight for these
people somebody's has to step up and do
a 3-run it isn't fighting for those
people anti Rendon Trenton is a he's a
job in the party is to raise money for
the party that's his job him and Nancy
Pelosi are one of the biggest there are
two biggest fundraisers for the party he
has no ties at that community he's him
and his wife have two homes in the most
expensive district city in that district
he's he's rarely there his he moved his
office because it was in South Gate and
he now has an office in Lakewood and
he's just not he's not representative of
that community and it's it's really
unfortunate because when someone I mean
just today the amount of people that
came out to canvass for me it's very
moving to me that someone would take the
time on their day off without pay it's
hot outside and they're doing this since
10:00 11:00 in the morning and they've
been doing this for me for every weekend
for the last several months and even
during the week and and and you you know
that's a to me it's very like I said
it's emotional for me and when someone
gives you they trust you when they vote
for you not only do you have a
responsibility to them to do what you
said you were going to do you also have
a responsibility to empower those people
in that community so one of my part of
my platform is actually literally to
take over every school board seat every
City Council seat the water districts
the water problems that we're having
there it's been going on since before
Flint it look in Compton the water looks
like coffee and nobody's doing anything
about this they're trying to gentrify
right now these plans for that alley
river through south gate and all that
area and they're not planning on fixing
the infrastructure there but they're
going to gentrify that neighborhood and
move those people out and force those
people out where they can't afford to
even live in their own communities so
you know so has there been any polling
done we have actually looked and there's
no polling in that district at all but
in 2014 it was about
the Adam Miller who's a nice guy I met
with them he's a Republican in the race
he runs specifically for the fact that
there's nobody opposing him he got eight
thousand votes to return and owns twelve
thousand votes and this is a really
strict of 460,000 people so in 2014 and
a midterm election that's how low the
voter turnout is Wow
disengage so you think you're getting
people engaged people are who didn't new
civil are gonna come out and vote for
you I hope so I hope so I mean
everybody's been telling me that most
people don't even know who he is and the
people that do know who he is don't like
them so he's pretty he's a pretty
transparent bullshitter yeah you know we
like Nixon actually yeah he's not good
he's the thing we have to get rid of so
here is your district right there yes so
that's the 63rd district and it goes
from South the city of Commerce Bell
Bell Gardens Lynwood paramount nose
there's part of Compton included as a
no-confidence is actually the 64th
district okay and then Lakewood yeah in
North Long Beach oh yeah yeah North Long
Beach nine oh eight oh five eight oh
seven and eight oh eight is also part of
the district my grandparents lived in
Bell so I'm familiar with Bell we had a
business of Huntington Park there's
still a business there for immigration
and I grew up in Lynwood so yeah so I'm
from Lynwood I went to my sister went to
Hossler junior high Lindberg elementary
school and Will Rogers I went to a
Rogers yes okay how did you go in oh
that's a secret I I don't I don't I just
turned 50 so I'm good with my age I'm
alright I'm
yes you are good with your ass what did
they already call you the silver
truth-teller here so um is what else
should you know right now definitely
seems like you're you're going to
represent the voice of the people you
know you also also talked about you know
Compton in the water look at that if we
think things are bad in Flint if we
don't think the infrastructure has to be
rebuilt throughout the nation and here
in California and it certainly seems
that infrastructure for the poor
communities is being completely ignored
what do you hope to do once you're
elected I'm gonna use my power at every
point possible to fight for my district
and for my people and for the state that
is my job I anyone who is elected for
any position is elected by those people
to represent those people and if they're
not doing that that they should not be
in that position and I think that every
city councilperson should actually put
out where they work I mean Jorge Morales
is on city council of Southgate and he
works for an oil lobbying firm and help
world oil get their contract extended in
the city of Southgate without it world
oil even contributing to the community
world always been around since 1938 you
they should be doing something to help
that community and yet they're getting
these contracts at cheap rent and all of
this stuff is happening the City
Council's that the power is within your
local government the city councils are
the ones that are tied to these
corporations there's a recall effort in
paramount for five of the school
remembers and a mayor they extended
their terms for two years so they won't
be election and they've all received
from those seven companies gifts and
monies and those are the companies that
are poisoning the community so I mean
that alone should tell you that there's
a problem and and these people all need
to be exposed just like with the
Democratic Party I'm sure you're aware
that I filed a lawsuit against the
Democratic Party for corruption and not
following their own bylaws the speaker
and his staff contacted delegates and
intimidated them and threatened them and
they removed their name of a petition
that I had
it's part of the process of the
endorsement process and yeah he had the
balls two days later to speak at the
woman's March for women's rights when he
was calling women bullying them but this
is the kind of that the party does
and then they're notorious for it so who
do you think's approving all these
settlements does in DA's for all of
these assembly men with all the sexual
harassment and all the that's going
on it's got to be people in power so
it's either the chair the speaker the
mayor the Senate Pro Tem and the
governor somebody's approving this money
and and we're either the taxpayers
paying paying for it or the party's
paying for it out of our dues so so why
why stay in the Democratic Party if
they're actively screwing over people
because I want to do this in their face
okay really so you don't you don't you
know I think I think the Democratic
Party is corrupt
it absolutely is to its core yeah
they're they they're running this state
into the ground yes they are and they're
running it like a mafia yes I mean we
when we went in as to run for because I
didn't know how like we're just figuring
out how it works so when we went to run
for a demolitions to become delegates I
was in the 64th I was with Compton for
Bernie the first time I met you was at
the Coliseum I believe and the
Assemblyman there Mike Gibson brought in
elderly people from the senior citizen
center in dollarhyde in Compton and the
SWAT senior community center in charter
buses and brought a man by the time
those people were brought up there were
three cop cars they call the cops on us
and they won't allow us into the fourier
where the entryway is there was two
doorways one to go into a private
breakfast that the the Assemblyman was
having for these citizens and went to go
into the election room where we're
supposed to speak to everyone to the
delegate to the community so they could
vote for us and so they get there the
cops that called on us and they're
trying to remove one of my my fellow
candidates and you know I'm arguing with
the cops
telling him you know I have a First
Amendment rights and I could say
whatever the I want because they
were trying to remove my guy because
they said he was aggressive and I said
is that against the Constitution do we
now have the right to be aggressive he
has a right to be in here this is a
public
and you're trying to remove him and he
didn't do anything wrong now the guy
that they said did it Lucille is the
nicest guy I can t imagine if somebody
would have said that I was yelling and
cussing and whatever I but you should
believe them but when they said that
Lucille did I'm like that's but
they try to remove him and then I got
mad so these people are being hustled in
and they see us with the cops so they
get taken in that room and they're told
that we don't look like them we don't
we're not like them there were bad
people were troublemakers and that
they're not to vote for us so we lost
that slate but across the state from
2015 there was 1,500 delegates it went
up to 2014 to 2016 there were over 3,000
delegates because we infiltrated and got
in that way but they at the conventions
they call the police on us all the time
in Millbrae they call the police on us I
mean they do it all the time and we know
how the cop trees cops treat brown
people so yeah what is the purpose of
that so it's you a Rendon and the
Republican in the race and in the way it
works in California the top two square
off in the fall correct
so it'll probably believe you you think
that that it'd probably be you against
Miranda right I would hope so I'm
actually hoping it's me against Adam
Miller yeah that would be nice yeah but
it probably will be you guys ended right
so okay so you have to come back and
then you have to kick his ass in the
fall right yeah that's that's the hope
that's the goal here
yeah I mean so do you think that it was
just you got sick of it and it was time
was it Bernie that woke you up or what
woody because it seems like a lot of
people are getting involved now that
Aaron and they're and they're really
shocked at how corrupt the Democratic
Party is well I've I've always been
politically engaged but I was in
Moorpark and I was raising kids so and I
have grandchildren so as politically
engaged as I was I have a page that
reaches between four hundred to a 1.5
million people a week but I it's about
