hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guests with us a
fighting brass knuckles progressive it's
jim keyd he's an activist and educator
and he's even an athlete running for
congress in new jersey's fourth district
you remember him from being on the show
he's the guy who stood up to Nike and
exposed their their exploitation he
walks the walk it's Jim Keaney hi Jim
how are you I'm doing great Jimmy thanks
you got me on again New Jersey's 4th
district you sit up to Chris Christie
we've covered all that you totally turn
up to him publicly you called him out
you're a Europe you're well-loved in
your district and in fact you help
people rebuild after the hurricane and
now you're running for Congress and
you're not taking corporate money you're
a real progressive but you've got an
interesting story to talk about in
potential of the of the establishment
rigging the primary against you a
progressive so can you tell us that
story so here in the 4th district we
have a hotly contested primary I am
running against a guy who is a
self-proclaimed centrist you know I
would argue that he is center-right
Republican light he checks a lot of
boxes for people at least on paper down
B Triple C he hasn't lived in our
districts as he was 18 he went to the
Naval Academy served active duty for 12
years and I appreciate his service but
that doesn't mean that he is necessarily
good for our district that he's a good
candidate and that he's gonna push
policies that fit within our bold
progressive democratic ideals and yet he
has gotten the support of the
establishment in New Jersey it's really
unique how that support comes about we
are the only state in the Union that
does this thing called the county line
vote like when you go into the ballot
box in a Democratic primary in
California there's gonna be a box that
says United States House of
Representatives and it's gonna list the
candidates in no particular order and it
says choose one in New Jersey there is a
column there are a number of columns and
the first column is that County line
and it has in this race senator menendez
will be top of the ticket and then all
the people that they that the county
the people in the county committee who
they vote for to get that endorsement so
in the fourth district of the hundred
and thirty-two thousand Democrats three
hundred have decided who's gonna be on
those County lines in Monmouth County
Ocean County and Mercer County I'm gonna
give you an example of how bad it is
with one County all of them there were
issues but in Ocean County in Ocean
County we have eight towns in our
district in Ocean County in those eight
towns there's probably about two hundred
delegates that could have voted in the
county line vote fifty people voted of
the fifty people that voted 56 votes
were cast of the 56 votes that were cast
twenty-seven of those votes were cast by
people who do not even live in the
fourth District because of the way they
have their bylaws set up they could have
the chairman who doesn't live in our
district not only did he get to vote
he got to votes because he's a super
delegate there's another guy John is a
longtime operative in Ocean County
doesn't live in our district he got
three votes you had the the mayor and
Town Council in Bricktown who are not in
the third during the fourth district
rather they're in the third all of them
got to vote now even with this setup
that they had where they thought they
had it in the tank for this guy that I'm
running against I give my speech at the
convention I get a standing ovation from
the entire delegation now they're
freaking out that maybe they're fixed is
not in enough so they call for votes
from the floor people going vote they
call last call votes from the floor
stragglers went to vote and then we're
sitting around for like 45 minutes and I
am going on here doesn't take this long
to count you know this many votes there
aren't that many people at the
convention and my political spidey sense
goes up and I look over to my left in
the cafeteria and there's the chairman
and the chair of the screening committee
and a longtime party operative and I
start walking towards them and I'm about
15 feet away from them and I'm looking
at the chair and this guy other guy has
his back to me is on his phone and I
hear the chairman say to him get off
your phone he's coming up behind you
and I was like I cannot believe this is
happening right now
they're calling delegates who aren't
here yeah they cheat right out in the
open now Jim they don't have any trouble
doing it so go ahead
so I I play dumb and I just walk up to
it I'm like guys what's going on why's
it taking so long like wow people may
need to sign petitions we're just
waiting a little bit okay
and I step back and just leaned against
the wall and waited and sure enough the
Chairman gets a phone call and now he's
scurried out of the cafeteria and I
follow like a private investigator about
20 feet behind him and he's on his phone
no no no come to this door come to this
door waving a woman in who just arrived
after the book was called he's he's
working he's sneaking this woman in the
back door of the cafeteria and you know
I caught him dead to rights and I was
like why are you effing kidding me
you don't have it in the tank enough for
your guy you're calling Delegates off
site and trying to sneak them in the
back door after the boats happened
that's what went down in Ocean County
and I can tell you stories and what went
down in Monmouth and what went down in
Mercer generally speaking we should not
have these County line votes we
shouldn't have these kinds of party
endorsements prior to the primary the
people of the fourth District who are
Democrats and unaffiliated voters can
vote in our primary there are a hundred
thirty two thousand Dems there are two
hundred and thirty two thousand
unaffiliated voters 47% of the districts
they shouldn't be able to determine who
our nominee will be to go up against a
38 year incumbent GOP guy come November
now we can do that and we are running
art we have continued to run our bold
progressive campaign even after stuff
like this has happened and people do
have that choice On June 5th but we're
up against that County line it's really
powerful New Jersey so we've had to do a
lot of voter education you know Jim Cady
stands alone in column three and to
really educate people about where I'm
gonna be on the ballot one of the things
that's really exciting was exciting we
had a situation in Monmouth and I could
walk you through the details of that one
as well but I'll spare you needless to
say we lost the Monmouth vote but even
with the machine up against
I won 40% of the delegates I won the
support of the LGBTQ caucus the Women's
Caucus and the Progressive Caucus right
so we had a base of support there but
that was the lead County I thought after
we lost the county line in Monmouth that
it may have been over my supporters may
have gotten deflated within the 24 hours
after that vote went down we had a
hundred and twenty volunteers sign up we
had $6,000 and small dollar
contributions come through in a 24 hour
period and people have been off the
charts with their grassroots activism
ever since that went down because you
had a lot of new people that got drawn
into the process after Trump got elected
and they still trusted the system hahaha
and and you know and this I think for
many of them know that this was a real
shock on how this this stuff works and
I'm excited that they are also the
belief that I am that while we want to
win our race in 2018 this isn't about
just capturing a moment to push back
against Trump which we need to do this
is about building a movement and
transforming this party from the bottom
up so that we have everyday people that
are making the decisions and not a
handful of political elites some of whom
unfortunately are just in it for the
jobs that get handed out and for
whatever else they're getting out of it
the people that are involved with our
campaign meet personally I don't need a
job none of the guys that I grew up with
him with a high school would need a job
none of my family members need jobs I am
in this to serve the people of our
district in the people United States and
I would say to a person every man every
woman that is volunteering on the Katie
for Congress campaign they have the same
feeling and belief nobody wants anything
out of this other than bold progressive
Democratic leadership for our district
and that kind of voice on the floor the
House of Representatives fighting for
everyday people so you've seen it up
close firsthand now we've reported the
d-triple-c is putting their thumb on the
scale all over the country for
corporatist Democrats and of course the
intercept had that from Colorado where
Denny Story was caught
open microphone or he was recorded
saying yes decisions have been made way
before the primary about who the party's
gonna endorse decisions have been made
and so that resources go towards the
corporate Democrat who no one wants
right who people the people don't really
want and so you're seeing this happen up
close right now where they have these
unfair rules in place which to me is
rigging of a primary and my question to
you Jim is being such an outspoken
progressive guy who's gotten results
who's built your community back up why
do you want to work inside of a party
that's bent on working against you why
don't you work outside the two-party
system let's say there was someone who
was running for the Green Party a
progressive party like something that
was outside of the two-party system I
think you could have viable candidates
at lower level races so if you had
something for the Green Party that was
running you know for a town council race
or a city council race at the local
level that's doable because you can do
it with shoe leather you can just knock
on enough doors and build enough
momentum to win a School Board race a
town council race anything beyond that a
countywide race a congressional district
maybe the congressional district you're
talking about in New Jersey 750,000
residents half a million potential
voters you need that infrastructure in
place and I don't think that we've built
up there are any third parties that have
built up enough where people would
believe that oh that candidate is viable
unless you already had name recognition
coming in like in New Jersey if roof
Springsteen decided to run for Congress
as an independent he would win in the
same way that Jesse Ventura won in
Minnesota in the same way that you know
Bernie was able to win but he did it
going up the ladder as an independent
but when he got to that presidential
that decision to run in the presidential
race he also realized that the
infrastructure is not in place to run a
viable third party candidate so if
that's something
people are committed to it needs to be
built from the bottom up and I
encouraged my you know friends of mine
who are engaged or thirty third party
politics if that's what you really want
to do
don't shoot for Congress shoot for
school board and get a slate of
candidates and then build it up as I
said from from the bottom up and I do
still have some hope for the Democratic
Party look what I was a delegate for
Bernie Sanders forty five percent of the
people in that arena in Philadelphia
were standing with us we were five
percent short of having you know half of
the people in the Democratic Party who
were in those positions as delegates
standing with us with a bold progressive
agenda and we are transforming it now
look at the fact look at HR 676 the
expanded that improved Medicare for all
Act people like Bernie have been on it
for you know twenty years talking about
this and now you have every major
political contender who thinks that they
may run for 2020 is now signing on to
that legislation okay so we can
transform this from the bottom up and
it's happening in terms of policy it's
happening in terms of candidates and
rather than us reinventing the wheel on
the infrastructure component we need to
reinvigorate our party remind Democrats
that we're the party of FDR that we are
the party that is for the everyday
person that we're the ones who should be
fighting for labor rights for fair wages
for LGBTQ rights for racial justice
economic justice for getting the big
money out of politics I'm not conceding
that territory to some corporate
Democrat I'm not conceding it to the guy
that's in this race saying yeah it's
okay for you to take money from
lobbyists it's okay for you to take
money from defense contractors it's okay
for you to take money from billionaire
hedge fund managers right it's wrong
stop calling yourself a Democrat you're
you may be okay on some identity
politics issues but your center-right
Republican light and we deserve better
as Democrats
I won't concede it I'm not willing to
completely give it up at this point we
need people that are willing to fight
and take back this party for everyday
people who are struggling and working
families and in Main Street businesses
and we can do it I'm convinced to that
well you know we wish you the best of
luck we pray we support here at the show
progressives no matter where they are
inside the party outside the party even
inside a Republican Party if you're a
progressive and you don't take corporate
money you know we're for you I think we
needed progressives everywhere so I have
you been endorsed by our revolution yes
I was endorsed by our revolution new
jersey i was endorsed by the live county
organizations and i have the national or
revolution endorsement oh that's
fantastic all right so you're endorsed
by our revolution local and nationally
you're you know people if you want to
learn more what would be your big issues
what if you got elected when you get
elected what would be your big issues to
try to work out in Congress yeah I would
say day one I am signing on to HR 676
the expanded and improved Medicare for
all Act health care is a human right it
is an embarrassment that we don't have a
national single-payer health care system
here in the United States at some point
every American is gonna need health care
doesn't matter if you're a Republican
Democrat unaffiliated green if you're
rich poor black white brown if you get
cancer cancer doesn't care right and
every American is gonna need the same
level of treatment and HR 676 is the
bill that can get us there so health
care is one that I'm gonna fight for
second is getting the big money out of
politics I firmly believe that we need a
constitutional amendment to overturn
Citizens United for those of us who
study politics we know that this is a
very heavy lift so while we're working
towards that we certainly can put in
policies where were publicly funding
elections from the school board all the
way up to the Oval Office that we
shorten the time that people can
campaign for office to like five months
so that I mean I've been at this for 15
months I would much rather it be a five
month window of campaigning to spare
the American people the constant
campaign and we cap the amount of money
that can be spent in races and if we do
those things along with D gerrymandering
our districts now we have real
competitive districts year in and year
out every cycle anyone can jump into
that race and if they do the work in
gaining the support of the people in
their district they'll have an even
playing field on which to fight and one
of the other big issues for me is
dealing with climate change you know I
was at Ground Zero of hurricane sandy in
my hometown of Belmar I saw the
devastation that these intense storms
can create also you know going after
hurricane sandy just in this past year
we saw the storms in Texas we saw the
storm in Florida I was down in Puerto
Rico
in October and December helping people
recover from Hurricane Maria these
storms are getting more frequent they're
getting more intense
along with pushing back against the
dirty energy companies that we have all
had a hand in using their products over
the course of our lifetime so we got to
own that we got to push back against
them get their big money out of our
political system mitigate against the
damage that we have all done and make
investments massive investments in solar
and wind and tidal and geothermal and in
doing that create a green industrial
revolution that not only is going to
transition us to a green energy grid but
will create millions and millions of
good-paying jobs for everyday people
around New Jersey's fourth District
around the entire state of New Jersey
and around our entire country and one
other one that I've throw out there our
current Congress person is one of the
most anti-women congressmen on the hill
with regard specifically to women's
reproductive rights not only to see one
overturn roe v-- wade he wants to defund
and close all the Planned Parenthood's
and he's on the record saying that women
should not have access to the birth
control pill or the IUD
right this is a guy who very far-right
Catholic beliefs and it's someone who
went to Catholic school for 18 years and
I hold a graduate degree with
distinction in theology from Saint
Challenge University and I taught
religion in two different Catholic high
schools in our district I think I can
say with a marginal bit of authority
that his Catholic beliefs are off the
reservation they
fit for 1818 let alone 2018 so I'm sure
that we could go through and Jim you and
I have issue after issue all right what
I say to people is if it's bold
progressive grounded in our democratic
ideals I don't need to be convinced of
it we just need to come up with the best
policies to bring about the change that
is going to help people have better
lives around the fourth District around
New Jersey and around the United States
and that is what I've been committed to
for the last 20 years of my life as a
local elected official as a grassroots
organizer and activist and it's those
personal professional political
experiences that I want to bring to bear
on the floor of the United States House
of Representatives well it's a
fascinating story about your your your
dealings with the establishment
Democrats and just trying to get
position on the ballot to me it seems
like rigging I can't believe what you
guys have to go through Jim Katie's
running for Congress in the fourth
District of New Jersey if you know his
backstory we've already covered it
there's a video on this channel and put
a link to it underneath tells you all
about the great work he did fighting
back and standing up for what was right
and for the least amongst us that's what
Jim keyd is and that's what he's all
about so and maybe I'm gonna make a
donation to your campaign so I think I'm
supposed to tell people that right okay
so Jim Cady New Jersey's fourth District
thanks so much for being on and we'll
