hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i have special guest with us you've
seen him on the show before it's jim
kitty and he's a good friend of the show
he's an activist he's a speaker he's a
guy who puts his money where his mouth
is he's a guy who stood up for the
people after the hurricane that hit the
northeastern coast he stood up for the
people of New Jersey he stood up to the
governor of New Jersey chris Christie
and he's fighter he's a fighter for the
people and he's running for New Jersey's
fourth district in the congressional
race please welcome back to the show Jim
Cady hey Jim how are you how was your
campaign going Jim
campaigns going great you know I I
announced back in late February because
I knew what it was going to take to
dislodge this Republican that's been in
office for 37 years Wow and for the
first six months of my campaign I've
been doing that the grassroots
organizing and activism something that
I've been doing for twenty years but now
we've seen this incredible groundswell
of new activists who have come after
Donald Trump was elected and I've been
working with them at the grassroots
level on a range of different issues and
starting to build political power here
you know in New Jersey we're one of two
states that has statewide races this
year so but helping people to shape and
mold that energy to push so we can win
some seeds at the local level the county
level and at the state level and the
governor's win back the governor's
office so that we build the foundation
to take back the fighting fourth
District of New Jersey for the 2018
congressional race and now that we've
done that six months of that grassroots
organizing I'll continue to do it but
for the next six months I've got a real
heavy focus on building the war chest
that we're gonna need to beat this guy
so that's what I want to talk to you
about today Jim you were lamenting and
other good people are weary to get into
this race or get into political life
because of how much money you have to
spend just purely raising money which
has been an eye-opener for you tell us
about that how much time of a day do you
have to spend raising money as opposed
to going out and actually meeting with
the people sure so when I get up in the
morning take care of any personal stuff
do get my daughter to school when I get
back
9 a.m. my staff is here I have two
full-time finance people who are sitting
in my home with me and we're making
fundraising calls for as many hours as I
can until 8 o'clock at night and you
know some days were able to do that 4 7
8 9 hours a day other times life gets in
the way like I've got to take care of my
business that I run I know I'm a
middle-class small Main Street business
owner I run a tavern that my family's
had for 35 years here in New Jersey I
got to take care of my daughter I need
to do other things like take care of a
home but every free moment is spent on
the phone dialing for dollars and I
don't think people realize that you've
never run a race beyond say a local
council race where you can win it with
just pure shoe leather people do not
realize the time that it takes and the
energy that it takes to raise the kind
of money to be competitive to win a
congressional race and it's you know
it's a soul-sucking time they'll be very
honest you're on the phone and the first
thing you got to do is do what's called
a debriefing
so I'm putting together a bunch of call
sheets for the day so we go through my
my personal contacts my business
contacts anybody that I've ever kicked a
soccer ball with or any kids that I've
ever coached or when I was a high school
teacher kids that I taught and you're
looking at them and you're trying to do
some research and say Oh Jimmy yeah do
you mean I'm at the high school together
yeah he's running a small business he's
got two kids ones in college so he might
not have too much disposable income and
maybe we could get them in for $200
contribution and then there's a whole
script to the ask and you know there's
the big pause after you make the ask and
it can be uncomfortable I mean I've done
this before so you know you can get into
a routine of it but this is what our
democracy or representative democracy
has become we're not preparing
candidates necessarily to be the best
public servants they can be once they
get to Congress it's who's the best at
raising money so that's what we see in
the leadership positions and in both
parties is the people who rise to the
top aren't actually leaders they're
almost anti leaders Mitch McConnell and
Chuck Schumer they have like a repulsive
personality no one would ever
follow that person into a battle and
they wouldn't be leading anyone into a
battle but the reason why they're
leaders is because they get the most
money from their corporate donors Chuck
Schumer's a darling of Wall Street Mitch
McConnell's of darling of the NRA and
the fossil fuels and call everybody
right so and same thing with Nancy
Pelosi who became a hundred millionaire
while she's been serving in Congress
which they're not supposed to do that so
that but you're you're explaining real
bleak reality to progressives who think
they can get in the to politics and take
it over with good ideology and great
platform which is what we need but
you're talking about a hard reality that
no matter how much shoe leather you put
into a congressional race it is not
gonna make a dent against somebody who
has a million dollars that's what I've
heard it takes to run for Congress team
around a million dollars right to be a
viable candidate one of the most
expensive media markets in the country
the fourth District sits in between New
York and Philadelphia so if I wanted to
do some significant television buys
you're going into the millions of
dollars to want to do that and you know
you mentioned about one of the leaders
in the party you know being a multi
multi-millionaire more than half the
Congress or millionaires and one of the
reasons is you know when you think about
the commitment that you have to make
just for raising money who's able to do
that I'm lucky that I have the
flexibility that I'm running my family's
business I have a really good staff my
mother who is you know who I have to
answer to supports me and is allowing me
to take the time and kind of juggle
things and do the best I can and run the
business and putting as much energy as I
can into this race but you know we just
had a very solid candidate who was
running the primary in New Jersey's
third District which is actually where
my Tavern is who had to drop out and she
said she's a civil rights attorney she
has a very strong practice she said that
I can't spend eight to ten hours a day
just raising money for the next 13
months you know I've got a business to
run
I have family and you know she was
saying and I this is one of the
challenges she said I'm not even talking
about the issues that I wanted to
into politics for in the first place and
this is where I think progressives we
need to have a real reality check you
know as you said it can't just be about
you know grit and ideology we are at war
to win our democracy back what I like
for us to have publicly funded campaigns
and you know each person who meets a
certain threshold in terms of support
gets this much in terms of tax money to
run their campaign yes I would love that
but that's not the battlefield that this
war is being fought on right now right
when you know people in our armed forces
get dropped behind enemy lines they
don't get to say well I wish it wasn't
so muddy or I wish these mountains
weren't here or I wish the people
weren't shooting at us from over there
you're dropped into the battlefield you
fight to win so the battlefield that
we've been dropped into his progressives
is an absolutely corrupt campaign
finance system we've got to work within
it so we can build something new in the
shell of the old right one of my heroes
my political and religious heroes is
Dorothy Day the founder of the catholic
war and that was one of her mantras was
about building something new in the
shell of the old if we want to get
campaign finance reform well we got to
help progressives like myself get
elected to be able to put that in place
if we want single-payer medicare-for-all
healthcare well you got to help
progressives like me to win these races
so that we can have more voices fighting
for that stuff on Capitol Hill I want to
spend my time working on the issues that
were passionate about I'm gonna give you
a very concrete example I was on the
phone today with a woman from the fourth
District she lives in Manasquan which is
a town a few towns to the south of me
here
she her name is Sheila blumenstock
Sheila is a hurricane sandy survivor I
went over to Sheila's home today took a
picture of it now from the outside you
know looks a little beat up you know
maybe just the homeowner doesn't have
money to put a new coat of paint on you
look inside the windows the home is
gutted to the studs and it's been that
way for almost five years we're coming
up on the fifth year anniversary of
Hurricane sandy and I was on the phone
with Sheila today walking through why
she still isn't back
yet she did everything she was told to
do I the folks at FEMA at the state
level the program was called the REM
program followed all their instructions
she got a contractor they told her to
get and the contractor defrauded her of
$50,000 of grant money so then she's got
to jump through a bunch of Hoops to try
to get that grant money back because if
you don't use that first chunk of grant
money properly you're not going to get
the other two chunks to help you rebuild
and years and years with lawyers and
different caseworkers and officials from
the state she talked to that ahead at
the DCA she talked to lieutenant
governor of Madonna who's now running
for governor called her on the phone and
basically said what do you want me to do
and you know she was in tears of me
today she's telling me how in the midst
of all this her best friend and sister
developed esophageal cancer and passed
away and she had to spend a big chunk of
time being a caretaker for her sister
expending a lot of her savings in the
process doesn't have the money to hire
high-powered attorneys and accountants
to help her manage this thing you know
and who's going to be her voice right do
you think it's got to be some candidate
who is holding you know fundraisers
where it's $2,700 a pop to get in the
door you know they're beholden to those
big-money interests what they once they
get in if we want somebody like Sheila
to have a voice in Washington DC and if
you want someone like myself to be that
voice then we as progressives need to
pony up you've gotta help me to close
this gap in terms of financing a
campaign so I could spend eight hours a
day getting Sheila back home now
I wouldn't even wait til I got to
Congress and if we want that right I you
know Jim the last time I was on your
show the YouTube video got about 50,000
views and I did have a lot of
progressives who got on - Jim Katie calm
and they made those small dollar
contributions and I'm thankful for that
but here's what we need to think about
if progressives around the United States
we're watching your show we'll watch
this video on a progressive like me to
get into Capitol
and fight like hell for the things that
we're passionate about
I need 50,000 progressives to go to gym
tv.com and to make a $20 contribution
right now now that could be 20 bucks
right out of the gate
it could be $4 on a continual
contribution over five months it can be
five dollars over four months it could
be two dollars over ten months so this
is what we need to ask ourselves
progressives is it worth $2 a month over
10 months to get somebody like me and
other progressives that are running for
Congress into office I think it is and
if we want to get rid of more of those
corporate Democrats and we want people
who are getting in for the right reasons
who we're gonna fight for the right
things we've got to make those $20
contributions
again I need 50,000 progresses from
around the United States to commit to my
campaign and I know we can win this
thing so I'm not a mat surgeon Jim but
I'm pretty sure 50,000 times 20 that's a
million dollars right okay I got it
right all right so well listen uh that
is uh you know that's some really good
insight thanks for letting us know how
hard it is I mean we've done I used to
report it that people who ran for
Congress lamented they had to spend four
hours a day on the phone it turns out
it's a lot more I'm talking to you I'm
talking to other progressives who are
finding that out too that they'll they
spend so much time trying to raise money
and so what a what do you think so
what do you think the answer to this is
like so it's gonna be hard to raise
money for progressives we have to get
progressives in government to get rid of
this stupid campaign financing system
which really turns our government over
to the highest bidder which is usually
rich people Oleg arks and corporations
right so it's there's no that's why both
parties in America represent management
that's why half the country is poor or a
low income this is why thirty million
people still don't have health care and
people can't afford college right so
this is and why we still have seven wars
going on for 16 years so and it's all
because of money and politics right so
this is the ironic thing is
you have to raise money to get elected
so you can then enact legislation to get
money out of politics so there's that
there's the irony and so what do you
think is there another way to do it
besides the way you're doing it Jim no
oh okay I'm not gonna come you know try
to massage it no we got a play on the
battlefield that we were dropped in and
we've got to win that bow and the way
we're gonna win it I firmly believe that
there we have 330 million plus people in
our country there are at least a million
progressives out there that share our
values if you think that's that's fair
to say there's at least a million I
would say Italy I mean how many votes
did Bernie Sanders get in the primary I
would say at least that many so let's be
conservative and let's say a million
progressives giving $20 each now funded
the campaign's of 20 hardcore grassroots
bold progressives who can go in and make
a hell of a lot of noise on Capitol Hill
I hear ya I'm with you that's what we
need to do we need to raise progressive
voices we're gonna put a link to Jim's
website right there go there help help
support a progressive and do it just
like Bernie Sanders said do it at $27 at
a time and Jim I don't know if you know
why Bernie Sanders chose that $27
because that was his social security
number and alright look he's got a sense
of humor and he's our progressive how
could you not love this guy he's a real
fighter too so if you've seen our other
videos if you haven't go watch the other
videos Jim's life story is unbelievably
compelling he's a guy who puts his money
where his mouth is he didn't he he that
he was the only guy I know who ever said
no to Nike contract because he didn't
agree with their of their labor
practices so this guy's the real deal
and he's a real fighter so everybody if
you can go to the link below and let's
help support a progressive take over a
congressional seat in New Jersey Jim any
last words for the people well Jim one
of the things that I hope I can do as I
mentioned to you as we were exchanging
messages over the last couple days
tomorrow morning I am leaving at
I am to go to Puerto Rico to help with
the recovery efforts there and when I
get back
I'd love to come back on the show and
share what's going on in the ground I
mean stuff that I'm getting to the
contacts that we have on the ground I
we're gonna be walking into a really
uncomfortable situation you know how to
survive Hurricane sandy and saw the
destructive force of Sandy and what it
did to New Jersey and marrying that with
the work that I did in 2015 and 16 on
the frontlines of the Syrian refugee
crisis I think we're going to see those
two kinds of crises be melded together
in what's happening in Puerto Rico and
this is why you know we have our
president this morning on CNN you know
saying that the Puerto Rican the Puerto
Ricans need to pull themselves up by the
bootstraps FEMA can't be there forever
these are 3.4 million American citizens
that we have left you know I shouldn't
say that we have put some resources in
but it's not the same as if there was
that kind of damage in New York City and
New Jersey and you know some stronghold
where Trump had a base of support you
can bet there would have been more
resources brought to bear in a much
quicker way we still 90 percent of the
island is about electricity I heard
today in a report that people are so
starved for water that they are starting
to drink water from contaminated
Superfund sites because they're that
desperate so we're gonna go down a team
of us it's myself and another guy who's
running for the state legislature here
who lived in the 30th district which is
part of congressional fourth and four or
five other guys and we're gonna do
weekend for a few days and then I want
to bring those stories back and this is
why it's so important I believe for
people who serve in Congress and to want
to serve in Congress to do these kinds
of trips because if we're going to be
voting on policies that are going to
help with the immediate crisis we need
to know what's going on if we're gonna
be voting on policies about how we are
going to try to mitigate the destructive
forces that we've unleashed through
climate change we got to see what's
happening on the frontlines we've got to
be educated about the human stories and
struggles that from happening with our
fellow Americans and that's the kind of
approach that I
he's brought to the social justice work
that I've done and when I've served at
the local level and City Council here in
New Jersey in the city of Asbury Park I
always try to go to the front lines
where the real stuff is happening and
then bring that back onto the dais or
onto the in this this case hopefully
come 2019 the floor of the house said I
can be advocating for everyday people
that do not have a voice in Washington
DC we got enough people down there that
are advocating for the billionaires and
the giant corporations it's time that
working families had a real voice on
Capitol Hill and I want to fight to do
that I need all the progressives
watching this to kick in that 20 or 27
bucks to help me to do it and then to
share this video like crazy so that we
get millions of dollars in and I will
commit to this Jim if we start to get
millions of dollars into the Katie for
Congress campaign from progressives all
across the country you can bet the ranch
and I'm going to help to fund some other
progressive campaigns because I don't
want to be down there alone yeah okay
well that sounds great Jim thanks for
