hi everybody welcome with a jimmy dore
show i have special guest richard s cow
rj s go from zero hour which can be
found it would tell people what can be
found with you it can be found at
patreon.com slash
the zero hour or this is the zero hour
calm or free speech t v-- or anywhere
sub verses gather alright speaking of
sub verses now there's a lot of
subversives or you may be calling
progressives running for congress this
year and in this in texas the deep well
we've showed you how the D Triple C now
the D Triple C is the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee they're
different that's a D Triple C and so
they're in charge with helping Democrats
get elected to Congress and they're not
really supposed to take a position in
primaries right because the people
decide in the primaries and once that
the people have decided that's when
they're supposed to help a Democrat get
elected but they've been of course
screwing over progressives left and
right like they screwed over Bernie
Sanders and it's it's not changed it's
only gotten worse
so we've showed you what they did to
with the Steven Jaffe they screwed him
out of his fair shot at getting the
nomination they've screwed over lots of
people here in California it's also
happening in in Texas so the d-triple-c
literally released they did opposition
research on a progressive named Laura
Moser she's running for Congress and the
seventh Texas seventh congressional
district and she's the progressive and
she actually won a run a runoff so
there's gonna be she was in the top two
so there's gonna be a runoff so she's
gonna which is good but here is what the
d-triple-c put out on her so again
remember this is the primary this is the
d-triple-c this is right from their
website this is right from their website
it said Democratic voters need to hear
that Laura Moser is not going to change
Washington she is a Washington insider
who breh grudgingly moved to Houston to
run for Congress in fact she wrote in
The Washington Tony and magazine I'd
rather have my teeth pulled out without
anesthesia than live in Texas as of
January 2018 she claimed Washington DC
to be her primary residence
in order to get a tax break and she has
been pay she has paid her husband's
Washington DC political consulting firm
over $50,000 from campaign contributions
meaning one of every six dollars raised
has gone to her husband's DC company so
this is from the d-triple-c against
their own candidate who actually won it
now gets to go to a runoff so that's uh
you're not supposed to do that that's
the Democrats the corporate Democrats
screwing over a progressive and do you
know the story behind this smear no go
ahead
the she actually listeners in Texas will
get what I'm about to say she never said
that she didn't want to live in Houston
she she says she begrudgingly moved to
Houston that's a lie
her comment I'd rather have my teeth
pulled out without anesthesia was about
the other side of the state she grew up
like in Texas are can a parent at that
part of the state and she said well you
know her family was from there they were
still out there but you know personally
she was saying I don't want to live out
there because there's nothing happening
so if you live in Houston you know that
you're not out in that western portion
of the state you know the difference and
people in Houston don't want to live out
there either but they distort her words
to make it sound like she hates the
whole state of Texas to make it sound
like she didn't want to live in Houston
in other words it's a lie and a smear
but the reason for it a lot of people
are saying it was because she wrote an
op-ed or something criticizing Ben ray
Lujan who's the head the the member of
Congress who is the head of the
d-triple-c that this was payback because
she criticized the way the d-triple-c
does things so that's the kind of stuff
they've been doing right which is
horrible right that's the kind of stuff
Republicans are supposed to do to us not
our own party they also have a rule at
the d-triple-c well first of all they're
the ones that have told candidates you
should spend four hours on the phone
every day calling big-money donors yes
they are also the ones who said you
should spend seventy percent of this is
one of their requirements for their
support spend seventy percent of
everything you raise for media buys yes
now everybody knows now that Street
Organization organizing people door
door activism is what gets people
elected but their requirements 70% for
media buys which by the way is where the
big money is for the consultants that
control the detractors right that's
right so it's the gate keeps their gravy
train going with their consultants right
they want you to they want to mandate
that you spend a certain amount of your
money which is most of it on their
consult on consultants and by the way
here's the consultant you get to pick
from right exactly right so this kind of
stuff ticked off Bernie Sanders and
Bernie Sanders warns Democrats about
meddling in primaries right so that's
from NBC News and he says I am NOT a
proponent I am NOT a proponent of
negative campaigning in general I am
certainly strong and strongly opposed to
the idea that the dude Triple C would
actually do opposition research at
negative campaigning against a very
strong good qualified Democratic
candidate so that's what he said
my question was are you really surprised
Bernie that there's an waton and they're
not just doing it once or twice or three
times or four times they're doing it
everywhere all the time any chance they
get they're still doing it so my
question now you you worked with Bernie
you know him a lot better than I do my
question is what does he does he really
think he's gonna change the Democratic
Party I think he does I think he really
definitely worth a try I mean you know
there are not as a powers and I'm not
speaking for Bernie he's obviously I
don't work for him anymore but he's
trying his best in our revolution which
is a group that he doesn't get trolled
but comes out of the campaign they're
trying their best to take over control
of the Democratic Party from the people
who control it now but so far I don't
find that the from my observation that
the people who run the Democratic Party
are let's put it this way are
negotiating a good faith that's correct
so when you say it's worth a try I agree
I agree with you 100% that it's worth a
try to try to take over the Democratic
Party and I think Bernie tried harder
than anybody when he came from nowhere
to get 47% of the primary vote against
the biggest behemoth
a political machine the history of the
country's ever seen and he did that so
that to me that was his big good try
they cheated him a hundred percent as
Donna Brazile revealed and that was our
try and so if I might thing it's like
now Bernie is sheep dogging people into
a party that is actively working against
progressives I don't understand how he
could do that in good conscience and I
want to get him on the show so I can ask
him so he can make the case and his you
knows people keep blowing us off right
completely because they want to go they
want to go on Rachel Maddow and Chris
Hayes and some more Chris Cuomo would
screw over progressive media once again
Bernie Sanders is doing that so go ahead
stuff you know I completely agree with
you you know what just with the limited
experience that I've had here in the
state of California that the corporate
Democratic machine is alive and well and
that yeah let me just break in here up
for just a second Richard we took over
the party we took over the state we have
a super majority in California do we
have progressive legislation do we have
single-payer it's the sixth biggest
economy in the dier world but somehow
our Democratic leaders in the house
Democratic leaders in the Senate and
Jerry Brown Democrat governor they can't
figure out a way to get that done
they're Pro fracking they they can't
even get parity with drug prescription
prices as the as the VFW I mean the the
veterans get so this is so this whole
idea that somehow we're gonna take over
the party it's just ridiculous in my
estimation of course we have to always
support progressives no matter where
they are but Bernie's tried and it
failed it failed because they're
cheaters and they're not ever gonna not
cheat lie and smear and why do we only
get two parties in this country anyway
why are we only allowed to have to guard
why do why is it I can't vote for my
conscience when I go to the polls why
well that's a whole other conversation
and look I am a fight on all fronts kind
of guy okay so I'm for fighting to take
over the Democratic Party I'm fighting
for it I'll fight for an independent
who's running on values I believe in I'm
gonna I'm for primary every Democrat
that doesn't stand for what
I stand for because which is probably a
majority of them at this point
so do you see the Democratic Party
rectifying any of the problems with the
party that led to Trump I do not only in
the face of a hostile takeover and only
if there's a hostile takeover of the
party as I call it you know if if
there's a hostile takeover it would have
to change but you know look the this is
not my particular war is not taking Reid
directing that a democratic party or
whatever but the people who are doing
that the people on the unity Commission
you know know Miki constantly on and all
those people what they're doing is worth
a shot I think you know I mean it's
because there are only two outcomes I
see which is they're gonna have some
success or we're going everybody's gonna
know who we're dealing with so I mean I
don't think I think for a first try
Bernie did amazingly well and I think
that also by the way as a side note the
fact that everybody's blame complaining
about WikiLeaks and saying in Russia did
whether they did or not it's kind of
taken away from the fact that when you
read the emails the Podesta and
WikiLeaks emails they did sheet okay now
all of a sudden we've changed the
subject from the cheating to how we
learned that they cheated as if that
makes the cheating irrelevant or you're
somehow an enemy of the state if you
point out that they did cheat well they
did cheat and so now the only question
is you know how are these people gonna
do are they gonna succeed or not succeed
but the one thing I feel passionately
about and this is where we're gonna
agree is how dare you has a Democrat
lecture voters for not support how dare
you see I'm old school I probably given
you this ramp before but politics is a
sales job and if you don't make the sale
if they're not buying what you're
selling which is you then the voters
haven't failed
you've failed you are a failure if you
don't get elected you are a failure if
you lose to Donald Trump you are a
failure if you lose the Senate and in
the house and two-thirds of state
legislatures and two-thirds of state
governors so you know what you better
sit down and ask yourself why am i a
failure how can I not be a
if I can't be a failure I better step
aside and let someone who's not a
failure take over because to me that is
the big cultural failing of the
Democratic Party is they refuse to
acknowledge they fail Wow that is very
well said very very very well said thank
you for saying that and I feel better
now well we actually have Nancy Pelosi
coming right out saying that we're gonna
keep doing the same thing they are we're
not going to change this is exactly what
how we're going to continue she was
asked point-blank on CBS News on CBS
Sunday Morning News our dude do you
think the Democratic Party gonna change
she said no I don't think people want
change the Democratic Party is in a
moment of questioning about its identity
you were reelected to lead the Democrats
in the house what do you tell Democrats
who want a new direction and and then go
to you what are you gonna do differently
well I don't think that people want a
new direction our values unify us and
our values are about supporting
America's working families and she just
lost a Donald Trump she's been wiped out
a thousand seats statewide and yes Jimmy
that they're not able to admit that
they've made awful mistakes in light
that we have president Trump you know
like the whole idea that they lost to
Trump the Trump so that's what that's
what the Russia gate is about making
sure no one examines the system that
gave us Trump correct would you agree
with that absolutely no I think there's
no doubt about it
the look I think there are a lot of
people in the Democratic Party who would
like to win but it's not their first
priority their first priority is keeping
their jobs keeping their positions
keeping their consulting gigs keeping
the circle the the sort of circle of
life the financial circle of democratic
life in hole and flowing smoothly for
them I think that is their primary goal
if they can win great if not they're
gonna protect the circle I mean how does
a consultant maintain their position in
the Democratic Party after Trump you
should be gone you should be gone I
agree with you clear house so not only
that but the Democrats don't have a plan
to replace Trump their plan is we're not
Trump that's their whole plan
in fact so here's according to the same
article Bernie Sanders is heading to
Texas in Arizona in coming days first
series of rallies just like Hillary and
he's took his swing through the Midwest
last month visiting Iowa Wisconsin in
Michigan just like Hillary three states
that voted for Barack Obama twice before
switching to trump in 2016 it is totally
irresponsible that the Democratic Party
has ignored half of the states in the
country and given them over to
right-wing leadership that was according
to Bernie Sanders so so there's Bernie
Sanders out he's doing a tour for
Medicare for all you know that stupid
Unity Tour he did with Tom Perez that
was supposed to be a medicare-for-all
tour and he let them co-opt that into a
unity tour and it hurt his numbers so so
he's out there trying to get Medicare
for all he's out there going to red
states to deliver a populist pop
progressive message and Hillary went and
says she went and saw Black Panther the
other day and tweeted about it so she
said she's doing her part - yeah well
you know Hillary tweeting is is a whole
other thing and Hillary's got a pack -
yeah well she just started another pack
yeah yeah yeah so so the Democrats again
I'll make the case the the greatest way
to change the Democratic Party is to
have an opposition party to their left
that actually pulls above 5% because
that's what then they couldn't ignore
you then everyone would know that the
Democrats would have to reach out to
that progressive party to win at the
national level and though if they didn't
do that that was a clear sign that they
weren't serious about winning and when
Hillary Clinton reached out to Tim Kaine
as her vice-presidential candidate
instead of Bernie or Elizabeth Warren or
Tulsi Gabbard or Nina Turner or somebody
else that was a progressive that was a
clear sign that Hillary Clinton wasn't
serious about winning she was seared
more serious about keeping the corporate
status quo than she was about making
sure they beat the Republicans she was
more about killing the progressive
movement than it was about winning and
that's not mana the first person to say
that lots of people have
that that they're Democrats would rather
lose to a Republican then win with a
progressive and that's what's going on
it's going on again and I don't think
you can deny the fact but Richard how
could that be I you know you can you can
doubt you can get twenty progressive
second congressman elected he wouldn't
do half as much that's not going to do
half as much as if you had the Green
Party polling at ten percent if they
were polling at ten percent that would
change the dynamics of the national
elections would it not well I guess it
would but look let's the problem is that
okay
the here's the argument you get and then
I'll give you okay my counter-argument
to the argument but the argument that
you get is well they're gonna pull votes
from the Democrats then the Democrats
are going to lose then the Republicans
are gonna win and they're gonna rewrite
the laws so that nobody else can vote
unless they're already a Republican so
but but here's here's my counter
argument and it applies whether you're
backing a third party candidate or
progressive a left Democrat the same
argument holds which is we know what
they're gonna do if the Green Party or
any other left party gains strike
because they're doing it now they're
saying you know Jill Stein by eating a
meal in the same room as Vladimir Putin
is an enemy of the state but Hillary
Clinton by accepting a five hundred
thousand dollar cheque given to her
husband for giving a speech at a Russian
bank is not an enemy of the state
they're gonna do that kind of thing my
point is this and and demonized Jill
Stein voters to by the way which is part
of my last grant the demonizing of Jill
Stein voters but what they're going to
ignore unless their feet gets held to
the fire every time or unless they get
replaced is the fact that while they
 and complain about Jill Stein
voters that will you know that one
percent the fact is what they needed to
do to get those Jill Stein voters it's
the same thing they needed to do to get
the black and brown voters who stay at
home this time around it's the same
thing they needed to do to get some of
those white working-class voters who who
didn't vote for them this time around
it's the same thing to get those those
Union voters the the agenda that they
need that they
should run on if they really cared about
winning is a left agenda because that's
what the public once the polling shows
it so either look evolution is gonna
take care of this you know Darwinian
forces are gonna take care of this one
way or another either they're gonna
adapt or they're gonna die off they're
already dead I mean you could you
consider losing to Donald Trump you're
Stu still have life in that body they
they're wiped out in the Congress or
where they're gonna stay at level
they're wiped out and now they are gonna
make some gains back we only because
it's an off-year election not because
they're brilliant campaigns are that
because they have an agenda that the
American people have signed on to they
have gotten almost worse since Donald
Trump beat Hillary Clinton they're not
getting rid of super-delegates they're
gonna hang on at least 300 of them if
they if they get it down that far right
they're screwing over progressives at
every turn I think it's time for
progressives to just start a goddamn
party already and make the Democrats
come to them and negotiate with them
when it's time for a national election
what the is wrong with that there's
nothing wrong with no one could ever
tell me what's wrong with that and then
people say well if you vote for a third
