hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have very interesting guests
coming up i'm gonna tell you about him
in just a second he runs a parody
account it's one of the most popular
progressive parody sites on all of
twitter and that was Peter douche and if
you know anything about hillary clinton
politics she has an advisor named peter
dow who is a douche and so here is the
here is the account Peter douche at
angry burner and here's some of the work
he did for it we featured this in our
Parana Portland show just last week for
instance Nancy Pelosi said she wasn't
interested in looking back on the rigged
election and so Peter do says Democratic
rising star Nancy Pelosi gets it nobody
involved in rigging the primaries is
interested in looking back at the rig
bribery's so that's the kind of
beautiful work that Peter douche did and
if you again this happens so if you go
to follow him it said and that's such a
hilarious header for his Twitter own
together and so funny anyway everything
about infuse look right in his his a
description of his account it says
Twitter makes me say I'm a parody so his
name is completely spelled differently
it's not Peter Dow it's Peter douche and
in the first line it says I'm a parody
so yeah I don't know what else they want
so here's here's the actual Peter Dow he
he then tweeted this a derogatory
leftist account impersonating me was
suspended he wasn't impersonating you
his last name was douche and he said it
was a parody
he wasn't impersonating you it follow
its followers are more engaged by that
are more enraged by that that a mass
shooting in a church sick that's what he
actually tweet that's an actual so now
you see why he's a douche right because
he's somehow using a church he's hiding
behind a church shooting to to somehow
justify censorship on Twitter he's
hiding behind a church shooting and that
somehow means we should censor a parody
account that is hilarious that makes
first of all Thank You Twitter for
protecting me from satire because woo we
can't let that you you're protecting me
from my Russian influence it got me it
got it got all the Bernie support
anakata Brazil - Donna Brazile felt -
Russian propaganda Thank You Twitter for
saving me from non-existent propaganda
that has nothing to do with my life and
from satire and here's Katy helper
tweeted out
Peter Dao she says this guy is such a
narcissist he can't see how obvious is
disgusting and inappropriate
self-serving use of a mass Church
shooting is sick well here is here is
Peter douche the angry burner who does
the parody site here he is hello Peter
how are you thank you for being on the
show
thank you so much so how did you get -
how did you pick petered out to do this
satire on well it was pretty easy I mean
really look at all the guys gaslighting
the DNC and the Democratic establishment
and he was an easy target I mean the guy
just is relentless
Hillary he's going to die with Hillary
stuff in his tomb with them he's insane
so your parodies were just so funny did
you know you were always that funny
because I myself to be funny and I would
read your stuff and it was at another
level completely another level what do
you two do such quality work like this
honestly I started the account as an
alternate to my main account to have a
venue to go out to the DNC without
disturbing people that didn't really buy
into it yet I just wanted to focus on
the DNC on its own and this was a way to
do that but then it became obvious that
you know the more we fight it Trump as
an awful person everybody knows he's
awful but the worse he is the worse he
is the more the DNC is entitled to be
shitty and put a put a terrible
candidate up that nobody's gonna vote
for and they're gonna do it again so you
know I just felt like I needed to find a
way to get that out and I didn't know it
was gonna be funny
I just knew I wanted to use a parody to
to bring it along to point out real
criticisms in a way that people people
could instantly recognize the hypocrisy
of what the DNC in the Democratic Party
is doing so you you using satire it
really shows the power of SATs are
because what you wanted to do was
illuminate how effed up these people's
thinking was and how myopic they're
being and house completely self-serving
their being and what a better way to do
it than to pretend you agree with them
and or agree with him and you just start
to say things and it's just it just
seemed like it fell right out of you how
funny it was and so so thank you for
doing that by the way now you got
suspended now were you warned that you
would be suspended that Twitter's say
hey you have to change your avatar or
you have to say you're a parody or what
did they tell you nothing I mean that
the very first day I set my account
which was December of last year I wasn't
even around in the primaries or anything
like that back then and they told me I
needed to add parity to my account
because I had no clue how these things
work that I mean I'm pretty new to
Twitter on the whole anyway but no
according to their new policy they're
supposed to send you an email and why
you're you're suspended and they didn't
even do that I just logged in actually
in the middle of tweeting about Sally
Albright one of the other gas lighters
on the internet on Twitter and I
couldn't respond to her and I was
suspended and until I felt an appeal I
had no reason to know why I was
suspended nothing and so you filed an
appeal and then yeah so I filed an
appeal and got back a routine sort of
cut and paste email saying you're
impersonating and then they can't won't
be reinstated that's it and that's it
there's no there's no board there's no
arbitration there's no nothing it's just
Silicon Valley gets to decide who has
free speech and who doesn't that's
that's it right business the right to do
what they want but you know if you look
at Facebook and Twitter that
for now so you know if you want to
discuss ideas with other people or get
your viewpoint out you know that's it I
mean there are lots of progressive sites
popping up that are similar and it's
great and I support that but you still
need a Twitter and a Facebook and you
have to have your voice there to
confront the other ideas and the other
beliefs so no explanation they just said
you're impersonating someone even though
you have a totally different spelling of
your name and it's not off by one letter
it's off by like three or four different
letters the feeder douche is different
than Peter dau and yeah that would be
the clue that this isn't a real person
that his last name is douche and not
doubt so if somebody did i'm jimmy
douche and twitter i don't think you
could i would never imagine in a million
years i could stop them because who
knows who that last name it's a
prick made up last name so now there's
been a huge campaign out in twitter in
support of you did you anticipate that
such a big response no I didn't you know
people that followed me but I had no
idea people would be so outraged and
it's nice to see because we need to we
need to stand up for progressive voices
on Twitter oh no doubt about it
so yeah none of those I don't think any
of those David Brock trolls ever got
suspended right I don't think Joanne
Reed gets suspended or or Joan Walsh or
anybody when they smear you as a as a as
a communist or they are they are they
smear smear progressives but like Greg
Glenn Greenwald and me and and Lea camp
as some kind of being some kind of
Russian bot or a shill or a Putin chill
or something like like that's just their
their reflex today if you disagree with
them it's just McCarthyism full-speed
and even comedians which is disgusting
right comedians are supposed to be the
court jester and if you're the court
jester repeating CIA McCarthyism smears
you're not a court jester anymore you're
just a propagandist and that's
disgusting so all the comedians out
there whoever sees this I'll keep that
in mind keep that much you're not
supposed to forward the establishments
talking points ever okay so go ahead
well I just want to say they they
literally suspended me the same week
that they were getting blue check
verified accounts to Nazis no doubt
where these did no doubt they're
literally I know that's their white
supremacists right there's KKK people
there's literal proclaimed Nazis with a
blue check that's what you're saying I
think they want to keep that that as an
enemy for them you know if they have an
enemy on the right with the Nazis it's
easy for the center's to say hey shut up
we gotta find Nazis right right right
but if they have the but but if there's
someone on their left they like oh we
can't let's pretend that the only
problem is Trump and the Republicans yes
yes yes they don't look don't challenge
the left's views just challenge the
rights views all right well what do you
seek do you do you see this I see this
continuing forever that they will come
together to squash the progressives
meaning the the the corporate Democrats
and Silicon Valley which is what they've
done now you call yourself an angry
burner meaning that that comes from
Bernie Sanders how do you feel about
Bernie Sanders right now I'll lead you
into this question let me just say how I
feel is that he spent 30 years
complaining about a two-party duopoly
and how they're both bought and he would
complain that people would come up to
him after speeches and say you know I
like you you make the most sense and I
would vote for you except I don't think
you're gonna win and he would say well
if y'all if everybody who said that
voted for me I would win well he won
he's a senator and now he almost won the
nomination that was rigged against him
and instead of fighting up standing up
against that corrupt organization
he's now sheep dogging or sheep herding
progressives into that party which it's
obvious pat that they have no use for
progressives in that party and they will
cheat them again they're already denying
that they even cheated when Elizabeth
Warren completely did a 180 and said no
it wasn't Rick she said it's Rick now
she said it's not rigged so they're
already doing that right so they're
already so how do you feel about Bernie
Sanders
and his lack of a call for a third party
a him not leading it and then then see
him cheap hurting progressives into a
party that's a graveyard for
progressives that's really a tough one I
mean I you know I didn't get involved in
supporting Bernie because of some love
for Bernie
it was his ideas it's it was the first
person I can truly trust I think that's
how America felt about it he trusted
everything and I still do
I think his motives are good I think he
wants to reform the party but when you
look at what's happening within the
party it's obvious they don't give a
 about changing I mean they don't
give a about winning I mean if you
just want to cut to it I mean you got
the Unity Reform Commission set up to
try to bring him the Bernie folks that
was the whole initial idea and they
can't even listen to the URC as a
recommendation to get rid of
super-delegates the most pointless
I mean super-delegates are like the they
don't pick Tim Kaine again you know like
I mean you see worse than that it's just
like if you can't throw us that you're
not going to ever get the progressives
back that you need to win again and if
you do win again you're a shitty party
so yeah I mean if the Democrats win I
don't know if you notice what the
Democrats have been doing they've been
colluding with the Republicans to ease
banking regulations they colluded with
the Republicans to explode the Pentagon
budget eighty billion dollars a year
which could have covered Bernie's free
college it could have paid off Jill
Stein quantitative easing of all the
student debt and by the way no
discussion of any of that there was no
discussion they just did it that thing
that John Oliver assured us could never
happen he could never have because he
said it with an accent people think he
knows what he's talking about he
doesn't he comes from a country
that has all the stuff that we're trying
to fight for right now but he's here to
assure you you can't have the stuff that
he has in his own country he's here to
let you know that so that's what the
Democrats are doing so I agree people
still get mad at me hey lay off the
Democrats no when we get rid of the
Trump we have to have something to
replace them with and if we replace them
with Republican light we're gonna get a
worse Trump than next time do you agree
with that
oh absolutely I mean they think right
now that they can run against from just
like they did last time and they can't
that's just it and maybe they can maybe
you either get away with it maybe they
run someone just just a hair shittier
than Hillary and they win yes you know
that that's not acceptable it's three
years before the election and we're not
supposed to speak up now like when when
do we speak up we can't like if you
can't address it after the election well
so next year's the midterms we can't
talk about it during the midterms and in
the next year after that we're we're
queuing up for 2018 so we can't talk
about
I mean 2020 we can't talk about it then
so right now we're just stuck with Kamla
Harris let's just face it yeah yeah
that's well that's what they're saying
yeah so Bernie Sanders thinks I'm pretty
sure he thinks that he's gonna run in
the Democratic primary and he's somehow
gonna unring the system this time and
they're not gonna cheat him and all the
super-delegates are gonna go to him and
you know again he's stuck with a party
of people that are the problem the
problem isn't the Republicans the
problem is the corporate takeover of
both of our parties and the only way to
reform the Democratic Party is with a
third party it's obvious after they lost
to Donald Trump what did they do they
started taking corporate money at the
DNC they moved to the right they just
purged all the progressives off the
Rules Committee insuring that the
primary will be just as rigged the next
time what are they what are they
possibly doing the Democrats again went
along with that Pentagon budget they're
going along with easing banking
regulations what other horrible stuff
that they're doing that we're not aware
of right now I'm sure a lot of it I do
you think the Democratic Party is
capable of reform Pat I don't think so
and that's why I'm pushing for a third
party you know the labor movement I
don't know if you watched my show but
the labor movement
I'm talking about labor unions meaning
afl-cio mean the teachers unions Randi
Weingarten they came together and said
we need to start a third party so it's
not just crazy youtubers like me it's
even a solid union leaders saying that
we need a third party do you think we
need a third party or do you think the
Democrats can get it done from inside I
mean you know the Democrats you could
have held out hope that they could
themselves I I mean you know I want part
is to come from the outside
I want to believe they can they can
reform and possibly Institute some
changes to get you know but they can't
they just can't you can't you can't look
at anything they've done and say that
they have the willingness to because it
for so long we're Twitter and the
internet and progressives were fighting
for Democrats to realize like okay this
is what you did wrong and we wouldn't
feel like oh they're tone-deaf and
they're just not listening and we'll
just we'll just hammer them with the
message of what we want and that'll
change things but now it's clear that
they they don't care I mean it they get
the message they just need to fight and
keep burning his ideas and progressives
out so that they can keep and I hate to
use the oligarchy word but I mean that's
what we're looking at well well
Pat I mean you're not the only you
didn't invent the oligarchy term for
what's happening right now the first
time I heard it was Paul Krugman so
that's a that's a Hillary Clinton
supporter and I'm at a Nobel or a
Pulitzer Prize winning economist I'm
pretty sure he's a Pulitzer he has one
of those prizes and Paul Nobel or a
Pulitzer I think at Nobel and he's he's
the one who said on a bet he was on a
debate with Chris Hedges
and he said hey look we're living in an
Oleg Archy that's the fact he just
admits it right and he doesn't go so we
need to fight like hell every moment of
our life against this until we can have
think of strategies to overturn it
his thing was man we have to vote for
Hillary and hope for the best
so we live in an older gar keypad so
don't feel bad about saying that you
know there's a reason why people are
saying that it's because it's a hundred
percent true go ahead yeah and you just
had Kubek a big donor and casino guy
right billionaire he was just on MSNBC I
don't remember she go but you know he
basically said Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer told him that they they won't go
more left they assured him he's the
party safe they're not going more left
because that's what it's come to
so anything you believe that they say is
 behind the scenes they're
telling all their rich donors don't
worry we're knocking left ah I hear ya
that's exactly what they're telling
their donors we're not going farther
left in fact we're not even gonna used a
millionaire or a billionaire word
anymore yeah that's that's off limits
what kind of a goddamn part so again I
couldn't be more disappointed in Bernie
Sanders than I am right now and I'm
hoping that he's smarter than me and
he's got he's playing chess and I'm
stuck playing checkers
although um it's sad that a dumb guy
like me has been has been right this
whole time about everything and the
people who are the smartypants people
have been a hundred thousand
percent wrong about everything so I
don't think that I think what Bernie's
doing right now is a huge mistake and it
was a huge mistake for him to back
Clinton right after there he thinks they
cheated him out of the primary if he
didn't do that and he just said I'm
gonna run as a green do you know how
provoked and progressive the Democrats
would have got immediately do you know
what they would have had to do to get
the demet the progressives to
vote for Hillary Clinton if he said I'm
not gonna do you realize how different a
Democratic Party we would have had then
we have right now he could have said hey
we get rid of because that was during
the platform he could have said hey we
get rid of the super-delegates
hey we get rid of this hey we get rid of
that or I'm going with Jill Stein and
they can a and he had real power so as
soon as he amasses real power what does
he do he takes all that energy
and pushes it towards the Democratic
Party which is a huge mistake and that
he if he didn't do that if he would have
