hi everybody welcome with a jimmy dore
show i'm back i'm still under the
weather
I've been sick since June 7th I mean May
7th but anyway it doesn't matter we're
here today we're here with the miserable
liberal and Ron black-owned I'm
miserable howdy howdy
and we have you know the horribleness
that's been happening in Gaza right
there's an open-air prison Israeli
occupation and they're starting to
protest against it and so the way the
Israel has responded to the peak the
Palestinians protesting against their
having to live in an open-air prison is
by shooting them with snipers we've told
you that so that's what that's how
they're handling it so it's you know the
most disgusting human rights violations
if you want to call out an out murdering
people and what kind of people are the
murdering well so there's been people
been going to give our first aid to the
wounded right so here's one of them
Eldridge our that's how you say it was
an illness yar so she's well she's gonna
tell you what she's been doing
come on you understand
kinda poverty - sobbing - producer
available because our telethon new
cobalamin supremely sober him I thought
he was forgot so there she is she's
given first aid to people being shot by
rubber bullets by real bullets by other
things by Israeli soldiers during the
protests she said she's been working
from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. every night
[Music]
I had a better of quality video of this
so what happened to her well so she
sounds like a pretty decent person and
you see what she's doing there she has
her white coat on and she has her hands
up so here's another picture of her with
her hands up and she's going over to
assist someone who's been injured so
she's a medic got the white coat on got
her hands up white gloves and what did
they do they shot her in the chest and
killed her she had her hands up white
coat and how does how did the the New
York Times cover it a woman dedicated to
saving lives loses hers in Gaza she
looked she lost her life as she was
murdered so if a Palestinian would have
shot a Raley soldier in the chest and he
had his hands up the headline in the New
York Times would not be soldier loses
his life on the Gaza border it would be
terrorists kill soldier murder soldier
in cold blood that would have been their
headline sniper shoots nurse yeah how
about sniper shoots nerves how about
Israeli snipers shoots nurse how about
Israeli sniper well how about this this
is from George Galloway he says the war
crime committed against Rozonda jar has
gone virtually unremarked
among our political class and it's
hireling lickspittle media yet on my
twitter alone more than 1 million people
in not 36 hours have engaged with it the
mainstream media's doomed is a doomed
hollowed-out shell this is the future so
I mean if there's an
buddy like I about a year and a year ago
maybe a year and a half ago I went on a
famous person's podcast who's a very
nice gentleman well-meaning and very
funny and a friend and we got into a
heated discussion shouting match about
Syria and you know I get it I understand
that if you are a casual observer of the
news you would have thought that Saddam
Hussein was was Hitler and that he had
weapons of mass destruction he would
have thought that you would have also
thought that Assad is a butcher that we
have to go topple to save his own people
from him you wouldn't know that we
actually started that war in Syria the
CIA funded terrorists to topple Assad
right so and we don't like someone we
overthrow them like we did in Iran we
overthrow we don't like democracies I
meaning when I say we I mean the
intelligence community in the United
States the CIA and our governments so I
understand went out on a show and he was
screaming at me that you know we've got
to help those people in Syria which is
exactly what the permanent state the
intelligence community the CIA and the
military industrial complex wanted you
to think but every independent
journalist has gone over there his show
this is this is ridiculous and now we
know well from many many different
sources that the United States one of
them being The Washington Post is that
the United States CIA funded terrorists
to overthrow Assad that's what this is
all about and of course professor
Jeffrey Sachs went on MSNBC's Morning
Joe ball and levelled everybody saying
that we made this mess in Syria so what
I'm saying is uh if if you still think
that what we're doing in Syria or Libya
or Afghanistan or Iraq or Nazir or
Somalia or Yemen
has anything to do with helping people
because we care about people well this
should disabuse you of that those stupid
notions right stuff like this this the
just the out announced slaughter of
people on the Gaza border by Israeli
soldiers snipers also I'll give you this
this is from the cuds News Network Quds
no wonder that Palestinian paramedic
rosin Ashraf nazar was killed by Israeli
war criminals on the same day that nikki
Haley vetoed the UNSC draft resolution
for international protection of people
of Palestine US voted against a draft
resolution in the UNSC United Nations
Security Council calling for protection
of Palestinian demonstrators in the Gaza
Strip voted against it so if this
doesn't so if you still have this idea
that the United States pushes
humanitarian agenda anywhere what we
push is a military industrial complex
agenda banker's agenda and fossil fuel
companies agendas and what are we dude
used to push that agenda with our
military so this should disabuse you of
any of those ideas if you still think
that that's why I brought up that
podcast that went on about a year ago I
would say 80% of the people who call
themselves the resistance buy into the
government's narrative on foreign policy
which is this so here's a quick little
of Israeli war crimes 2018 killing
journalists killing medics
journalists look at this killing
disabled people you know I want to add
to this jimmy is according to Geneva
Convention
it's article 24 medical personnel
exclusively engaged in the search for or
the collection transport or treatment of
the wounded or sick or in from the
prevention of disease staff exclusively
engaged the administration of medical
units and establishments shall be
respected and protected in all
circumstances yeah okay that's gone
again does that's that's for the losers
of wars they have to abide by the Geneva
Convention the winners don't have to
abide by the Geneva Conventions the
losers do so we're the winners and we
never have to abide by them right now
the United States is helping Saudi
Arabia commit a war crime commit a siege
warfare which is a war crime in Yemen so
of course none of this stuff really gets
reported in the United States like it
should and also here's one more thing
you should know a new bill in the
Israeli Knesset
criminalizes Journalists this is what's
happening remember the so Trump is the
worst because he's coming after
journalists they still say that even
after everybody knows that Barack Obama
used the Espionage Act and what look at
the to to silence whistleblowers he did
that he did that to Chelsea Manning they
tortured Chelsea Manning what did
Chelsea Manning Chelsea Manning is this
generations Daniel Ellsberg with the
Pentagon Papers look what they're doing
this to Edward Snowden
look what they're trying to do to Julian
Assange right now name one thing Julian
Assange has ever printed that's false so
again I hope all this that's why this
show exists because the establishment
news sucks so hard and won't ever tell
you the truth about that people
pretending to care about human rights
people pretending to care about
journalism that's not hat that's gotta
be 80% of hashtag the resistance well
what does it say about the state of
journalism you know you're getting into
this conflict and other conflicts what
does it say about the state of
journalism where not only the people are
we not listening to but the people we
try to discredit first are the people
who were actually there you have the
people that go into
zones like like Eva Bartlett's yeah be
Martin Swan Cole the people that were
actual fit heir Robert Fisk Ward winning
journalists rather those are people that
should have the biggest platforms
because uh they were there right well
you know the people who should have the
biggest platforms maybe the people who
got the iraq war right like Phil Donahue
where is he you never you think they
would have him out every day but what
they do have on it the people who got
the wrong we're wrong every day how
about that's everyone on TV because if
you got the war right you got fired
Jesse Ventura fired Phil Donahue fired
you you want to you want to even cover a
guy who's progressive you're fired
ed Schultz Ashleigh Banfield also this
is amnesty international's Israeli
planned to illegally demolish and
forcibly transfer the Palestinian
Bedouin village of can al Hammar east of
Jerusalem amounts to a war crimes as
Amnesty International I mean how many
more reports do we have to hear of
people condemning what Israel's doing
and you know a lot of people say hey man
it's really complicated and it depends
on what - it's not complicated when it's
not complicated when you're committing
war crimes that's not complicated it's
not complicated when the people are
living in an open-air prison when you
live in an apartheid state that's not
complicated it's not complicated when
you're shooting shooting journalists
when you're shooting nurses medics it's
not complicated when you're shooting
unarmed protests and it's not
complicated a lot of people like to
apologize for Israel and so of course
and the MSNBC even let Chris Hayes tell
the truth about Gaza for three minutes
one time that was like hey alright you
could keep your 30 grand a day and do
three minutes on Gaza so I wanted to
report that story just because of what
George Galloway said that it's not being
reported look what a beautiful
humanitarian that was just killed in
cold blood
hands up going over to give medical care
to someone and they shoot her right in
the chest
you know it's stories like this nurse
and so we're doing it over there
we're allowing it to happen over there
and it's also happening here at home so
that's why cops get to kill people with
impunity in the United States so
whatever we do to someone over there as
David Feldman has said we're gonna do to
ourselves and we're already doing it and
our meet our news media is worthless
worthless
so I wanted to it's it's a sad sad story
and I hate having the report it's like I
can't it's like I you know most mornings
I wake up I don't even want to go on
Twitter not because of the stupid things
people say about me but because of how
horrible reality is and how everyone's
just sitting there and letting it happen
so there you go anything at anything
else yeah of course Steph they don't
have to Israel's not following the
Geneva Conventions of course not
and these conventions were begun because
they especially this one because the
Nazis they were saying okay the Nazis
would do this type of behavior in Europe
yeah and so we don't want to do that
behavior no and now look what they're
doing it's that kind of ironic but of
course they'll tell you Putin you got to
give make sure Putin but here is Trump
sticking by Netanyahu who's committing
atrocities and war crimes left and right
but Putin Putin it almost makes me think
their hatred of Putin is our motto like
a political game it almost makes me
think that hashtag the resistance hand
up their ass
on purpose you don't think rachel maddow
knows better they all know better you
think lawrence O'Donnell knows better
you don't think Anderson Cooper former
CIA and a member of the Vanderbilt
family boy if there's anybody who's
gonna be a muckraker that's why I would
say the corporate media at this point in
especially when it comes to anything
international they're not just worthless
they're destructive
they're destructive of course well
they're owned by the people they're
supposed to be exposing and that's the
problem they're owned by the
military-industrial complex they're
funded by fossil fuel companies they're
funded by banks and those are the people
are supposed to be exposing and how
could there not they're funded by them I
guess I mean that's why we get to that's
why the truth seems so obvious to us and
we tell it so freely because we word up
we don't get money from those people we
get money from you who can't stand that
kind of news that's why you come here so
okay so the silver lining if there is
one or if you can make some lemonade out
of this horrible horrible situation is
that you can point to this when people
think that the United States is out
there doing humanitarian work you can do
that you can point to this and say if we
really gave this about anybody why
wouldn't we be doing something because
we don't in fact we do the exact
opposite we vote against protecting
people our next live Jimmy Dore show is
July 1st in Portland Oregon in July 15th
in Chicago Illinois we're doing a live
show July 15th in Chicago Illinois go to
a link right there for all the tickets
to all the live Jimmy door shows plus if
you can help become a Premium Member we
give you hours of bonus material every
week become a patron or a Premium Member
and if you're on Steam it we're steaming
it right
now Plus every Saturday we do a live
super solid chat Saturday where it's a
live stream and you can ask us questions
and we'll answer them back every
Saturday 2:00 p.m. Pacific time thanks
for your support
[Music]
