hi everybody welcome to the jury door so
I'm here with the miserable liberal and
Ron flick own I'm miserable howdy howdy
Jimmy so everybody's got their
or not I mean George Bush over the court
White House Correspondents Dinner now
let's remember what the White House
Correspondents Dinner is it's one the
powerful get together with the people
who are supposed to hold the powerful
accountable and they blow each other
okay so that's what that is
so when a comedian can come in and upset
their Apple card that's awesome amazing
and fantastic and here's the person
we're talking about and I'm going to
show you the most of the parts that
people got upset about okay so there's a
lot of people pretending that what sheet
the jokes that she did were offensive
and not the way that the media actually
covers events not their access
journalism the way they pushed war
they're doing it right now they're
pushing war and what everybody's upset
about was that she called them all a
bunch of fakers and liars and they're
pretending that they're upset that she
made fun of a woman's looks when she
didn't well here we go
you tell you tell me we're gonna play
some of it let's do it Paul Ryan also
couldn't make it
of course he's already been circumcised
unfortunately why they were down there
they also took his boss
yeah my pop great acting though in that
video look at Jake Tapper uncomfortable
unka
aboard oh you see it you see him I might
want to book him again ha I'm offended
what a jerk
here we go what an idiot Republicans are
easy to make fun of you know it's like
shooting fish in a chris Christie now
that's funny
now that's about Chris Christie's
appearance nobody's bringing that up
nope no one's bringing that because
everybody makes Chris Christie's
appearance jokes that's why everybody
David Letterman Seth Meyers Conan the
Barbarian they all make fun of Chris
Christie's what did I say Conan the
Barbarian I went to Conan the late-night
good guy his name is Conan yeah hi now
it is gone and it is Conan
it's funny so hey Dad it's funny here we
go now what's gonna be even funnier is
that after she makes this joke the
c-span camera waits about one more joke
and then they put the camera on Chris
Christie and you never believe what he's
doing so she just made fun of them she
just made fun of them because of his uh
largesse put it that way and here we go
because you guys don't do anything so
there's Chris Christie you got a laugh
out of that one and how does it
rewarding self for a nice laugh with a
little spoonful of ice cream
come on he's literally eating ice cream
and she's making fun of them and I think
by the way I think he has he's okay with
it I think Chris Christie is okay with
it I think he let he looks like he's
having a good time in laughing totally
he doesn't seem like he's pinched and
uptight about it so tip of the hat to
Chris Christie he's not sitting there
like Jake Tapper or like Trump did when
Obama was making fun of them right so ah
so this I'm actually showing you this
for two reasons a the irony of the thing
is hilarious right no yeah
the timing of him eating in the camera
and joke that's just like one of those
what do they call that's called a father
whether they were found found what do
they call it on a movie set stuff on a
we've found comedy oh and and there it
is now that's ice cream right it looks
like it you nobody eats a spoon like
that and then so here and so now that's
kind of overshadowed the joke she's
making about the Democrats which are
great jokes she's really nailing them
for being vacuous and empty and having
nothing to give to people because
they're bought she doesn't say it's cuz
they're bought but she just talks about
the result of them being bought which is
they don't do anything and they offer
nothing to anyone Kratz you're somehow
gonna lose by 12 points to a guy named
Jeff pedophile Nazi doctor I mean
fantastic that's right oh he's a doctor
that was the part that really got me oh
he's a doc have the women in the Trump
administration
there's Kellyanne Conway man she has the
perfect last name for what she does it's
like if my name was Michelle jokes
frizzy hair small - you guys gotta stop
putting Kellyanne on your show so here's
the part to dog notice I'm gonna venture
a guess this is the firt part that
really upsets them it's this joke and
then I'll show you the other jokes that
really upset them and not the jokes
they're pretending upset them so this is
gonna be one of those jokes that
actually lands because she takes the
legs right out from underneath the news
media or the establishment press and
watch how she does it definitely does I
was just gonna add it was smart timing
too because she took a dig at herself
first yes first she knew she's like I'm
going for the jugular next so I'm gonna
make fun of myself first
yes very smart that's always smart Jay
Jay Leno taught me that one is in the
late 80s it's true true actually
yeah anyway here we go all she does is
lie if you don't give her a platform she
has nowhere to lie and people there was
a few people starting to applaud and I
just wish you were to let it sit there
for a while but she keeps going right so
she kind of goes over it which I was
like oh I'll just let it sit there let
it sit there but she didn't she had some
more jokes to get to and so good for her
but you can hear some people look at
there's Jonathan Karl they got all these
buckets - she picks up some believe what
are you guys doing
congratulating yourself that you're
friends with people in power and you
don't hold them accountable is that what
you guys are there what is this point at
this dinner right they're supposed to be
celebrating free speech Randi credito
got up and yelled hey Howie should all
be on us trying to save Julian Assange
and they threw him out we're gonna have
Randy on as soon as this hopefully today
so here we go let's go back like that
old saying if a tree falls in the woods
how do we get Kellyanne under that tree
suggesting she gets hurt just stuck her
delivery really is good to it normally I
would chastise a comedian for giggling
at their own jokes with the way she does
it actually enhances the joke right so
she breaks a rule and because she's
talented she does it in a way that's
artistic so good for her and like she's
like what she cuz he's a doctor that's
funny
and right now what she just did is
incidentally a tree falls in the woods
and Scott Pruitt's definition of porn
was that Kelly in conversation with
Kelly and Conway why you going to a
roast if you're not gonna bring your
sense of humor with you well you know
what just makes you look stupid right
remember how dumb Trump looked when when
Obama was hitting him with those jokes
and instead of enjoying them he like
just laugh at yourself it doesn't take
much to laugh at yourself just go go got
me just laugh I'm with you okay she was
supposed to be an advocate for women but
it turns out she's about as helpful to
women as an empty box of tampons so I
guess like father like daughter
ah oh so she's talking about vodka
saying she's about as useful member was
she was supposed to be helpful with
that's great another great joke like
father like daughter oh you don't think
he's good in bed come on she don't clean
up nice though Ivanka cleans up nice
she's the diaper genie of the
administration on the outside she looks
sleek but the inside it's still full of
 and of course we have Sarah
Huckabee Sanders we are graced with
Sarah's presents too so here it comes so
this is the part everyone's being fake
upset about here we go Hey
I have to say I'm a little star-struck I
love you with aunt Lydia on The
Handmaid's Tale she looks like she's
having a good time
so she's look like she's having a blast
and so now that's funny
I don't watch that show so I just said I
thought to myself oh she's just making
fun of her because that whoever that
character is on that show must be a
horrible person that's really mean and
right do you watch that you know I'm not
familiar with the show either
unfortunately so there's I'm gonna we're
gonna come back to that insult or joke
insult which was I think a good one
we'll come back to it I'm not really
sure what we're gonna get you know a
press briefing a bunch of Lies or
divided into softball team it shirts and
skins and this time don't be such a
little Jim Acosta so now some
people said that that that she was
making fun of her appearance saying she
looks like a softball coach but I think
she was making fun of her demeanor with
Jim Acosta Jim Acosta that was famous
they had a big showdown and she's so
again that's I I'm gonna have to side
with the comedian on this one and called
 that that was and I can see how
some people would maybe think that
because the first time I heard it's like
oh she's calling her a softball coach
but on second viewing no she's literally
the joke is about her rift with Jim
Acosta in the way she runs the briefing
room and that's what this joke is about
Ron and also going back to the other
thing even though you know none of us
are familiar with the show when I
googled it the first thing that came up
that Handmaid's Tale joke at the White
House Correspondents Dinner was not a
slam on Sarah Sanders looks and it goes
on to explain how it's actually about
what the character aunt Lydia is what is
the king go ahead tell me what the
character at Lydia's old aunt Lydia one
of the darkest characters on
contemporary television okay there you
go keep going and though the aunt Lydia
joke was sharp it was not a reference to
Sanders look
unless you think and out who plays the
character is unattractive she's not the
aunt Lydia jab was a direct reference to
how Sanders is used by a tool by Trump
and arguably the entire patriarchy to
keep women down BAM so there you go so
that's over to you mean it's deeper than
just her appearance that it actually is
like highlighting this woman has come on
Sarah is in a position of power
influence on a single day and the first
time I saw this clip Jimmy said what do
you think I'm like I don't feel like
she's slamming her or calling into
question other than she's saying
she's a ballbuster that's what I saw it
was all tone and in a dark like what one
just read one of the darker characters
on television yeah here we go
I actually really like Sarah I think
she's very resourceful like she burns
facts and then she uses that ash to
create a perfect smoky eye like me so
that's the joke that people are saying
was sexist about her looks no she said
perfect smoky eye so if you try to twist
that you can but that's what you're
doing
and anybody who's not a bought piece of
it can see right through that that was a
joke about her burning facts not a joke
about her appearance whatsoever if it in
fact if it was anything about her
appearance it was about how nice her
eyes look so that's a big fail again and
you know it certainly it would not be a
big deal if all Sarah had to do was
start laughing why did all these people
have to be like so like key right oh my
god jeez you called her a liar take a
break already you're not allowed in
Washington DC are not allowed to call
liars liars just so you know that Tom
Brokaw would say that she overreaches
they would call it an overreach I would
call an overreach around Tom that's
literally what Tom Brokaw calls it when
it when they lie he says they
overreached because you can't because if
you start calling people liars and in
Washington you'll do it all day long
here's another liar here's this guy's
lying do you want to hear the lie he
said be she's born with it
maybe it's lies
it's probably like and I'm never really
sure what to call Sarah Huckabee Sanders
you know if it's Sarah Sanders is it
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is it cousin
Huckabee is it auntie Huckabee Sanders
like what's Uncle Tom but for white
women who disappoint other white women
that's what they're upset about
that's what they're upset about the
truth reveals in a joke
that's what they're really upset about
here we go
Uncle Tom but for white women who
disappoint other white women we've got
our friends at CNN here welcome guys
it's great to have you you guys love
breaking news and you did it you broke
it that's my favorite joke good work so
now let's see food so this must be the
CN n table do you see anybody oh I see
it okay I can see the emblem now - yeah
it's that yeah yeah see that's the CN n
I was like that was like a real kind of
has his hand over his mouth I don't
really recognize any of those people at
that CN n table both here we go the most
useful information on CNN is when
Anthony Bourdain tells me where to eat
noodles fox news is here so you know
what that means ladies cover your drinks
seriously people want me to make fun of
sean hannity tonight but i cannot do
that this gen of dinners for journalists
oh we've got MSNBC here MSNBC's new
slogan is this is who we are
guys it's not a good slogan this is
here's what your mom thinks the sad show
on NBC is called did you watch this is
who we are this week someone left on a
crock-pot and everyone died i watch
Morning Joe every morning we now know
that Mika and Joe are engaged
congratulations you guys here comes here
comes the joke that really pissed off
morning Mika this is the joke morning
Micah's been tweeting about solidarity
with Sarah this is the joke that she's
really upset about and again she's and
she's a on television news person so
she's a phony and the liar and so she's
she pretends that she's upset about the
smokey-eye joke when she's really upset
about the truth which is this
I watched Morning Joe every morning we
now know that Mika and Joe are engaged
congratulations you guys it's like what
a me to works out
so now that joke means that we what the
joke that we've always made on this show
about if you watch morning Joe it looks
less like a new show and more like a
hostage situation or a domestic abuse
situation right we've all made those
jokes because Joe's obviously got the
personality of an dry drunk and and you
know and so that's what it looks like to
everybody so that's the joke she's
making right yeah okay that's and she
did it that so she updated it perfectly
good for her that's funny
we are the Rachel Maddow we cannot
forget about Rachel Maddow she's the
Peter Pan of MSNBC but instead of never
growing up she never gets to the point
like going to target you went in from
milk but you left with shampoo candles
in the entire history of the Byzantine
Empire
and of course megyn kelly what would I
do without megyn kelly you know probably
be more proud of women megyn kelly got
paid twenty three million dollars by NBC
than NBC didn't let Megan go to the
Winter Olympics why not she's so white
cold and expensive she might as well be
the Winter Olympic I going through your
chimney was Bill O'Reilly you might want
to put a flue on it there's nothing
there's a lot of print media here
there's a ton of you guys but I'm not
gonna go after print media tonight
because it's illegal to attack an
endangered species there's a ton of news
right now a lot is going on and we have
all these 24-hour news networks and we
could be covering everything but instead
recovering like three topics every hour
is Trump Russia Hillary and a panel of
four people to remind you why you don't
go home for Thanksgiving nice milk comes
from nuts now all because of the game
Trump did you use to do so in here so
that so all this is what pissed them off
she's telling the truth and here's the
here's the one that really stuck it to
them ready here's the one that really
stuck it to them Trump did you use to
date him because you pretend like you
hate him but I think you love him so
she's talking to the press and did you
guys just a date Trump because you
pretend like you hate him but I think
you love them and
I think what no one in this room wants
to admit is that Trump has helped all of
you he couldn't sell steaks or vodka or
water or college or ties or Eric but he
has helped you he's helped you sell your
papers and your books and your TV you
helped create this monster and now
you're profiting off of him and if
you're gonna profit off a truck
so that's Jeff Weaver who was a guest on
our show that day Saturday he just
applauded that he's applauding her
saying that and this is the joke that
made everyone hate her this is the joke
that everyone's pretending isn't the
thing that's the problem this is that
this is the joke that's the problem she
told everybody on national TV that you
are profiting off Trump you propped him
up you made Trump and now you're making
billions of dollars off him and you
pretend to not like him but you love him
and that's what they hated that she just
outed them and Jeff Weaver applauded
that first in your books in your TV you
helped create this monster and now
you're profiting off of him and if
you're gonna profit off a Trump you
should at least give him some money
because he doesn't have any so that's
also funny I just wish you were to let
it again is this my own personal thing I
wish she would have just let it sit
there and you're now profiting off him
then you sit this let it sit there just
let it sit there and sit there and sit
there and then but she course she went
for the joke which is smarter I have
more Ivan agenda I don't think she does
and so she just went for the joke which
was probably smarter and she got it she
nailed it
mozzies does he think there might be
loose change in them was brought here by
his parents and didn't do anything wrong
I gotta get the out of here the
night water
now there's she did very well that's a
roomful of douchebags and tuxedos and
she killed it so and you hear people
applauding and people and the only
people who are upset now our
establishment media people well first of
all it's funny that they had a problem
with that here's what the press doesn't
have a problem with you want to see the
jokes they don't have a problem with
here's the jokes they don't have a
problem with those weapons of mass
destruction got to be somewhere
so this is a guy who just lied us into a
war an illegal war where we're gonna
kill hundreds of thousands displace
millions kill people kill kids and
babies and grandmas kill them drag them
out of their house kill them kill them
in their house bomb them he did that
he's a war criminal and he's laughing
about it and guess what the press did
they laughed about it too they went
right along let me let me see if anybody
got so disgusted they wanted to walk out
let's see let's see you want to see if
anybody got so disgusted they wanted to
