hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with rob the cone and the
miserable liberal howdy howdy
big big big day today well first of all
you know this so you know that the
democrats are supposed to be standing up
for daca which are children who were
brought to you the united states
undocumented when they were kids and now
they're grown-ups or they're growing ups
and they're the only country they've
ever known as the united states so would
kind of be cruel and inhuman to send
them back to a country that they're
really a foreigner in because their
parents brought them here and it turns
out that the dreamers or the docket
people are very good for the economy
they're very good for everything in the
united states they're exactly what we
want in the united states they're the
third there and by the way they have the
support of the majority of the country a
CBS poll said that 87% of the people
favored keeping the doc of people here
that that includes trump voters that
their Trump owners you know uh uh
in their mind they're against crime and
they're against illegal crime and I
think even Trump voters see that the
daka people are the kind of people we
want here and it's it's unfair to punish
a child for the crime of its parent so
that's why even Trump voters support the
daca people why is that important
that's important because the Democrats
are supposed to demand a clean daca bill
meaning we need to renew it which that
has elapsed so they need to renew it and
the Democrats are supposed to hold out
for that because it's overwhelmingly
popular well they didn't they double
caved they double came they cave the
budget talks progress as Senate drops
dreamer DeMint it's the only demand they
had they had one demand you see the list
of demands the Republicans have to have
a list of demands that's how you come to
a negotiation by the way
but people keep getting it wrong about
why the Democrats are double caving they
think their kids are Democrats are not
caving the Democrats are doing what they
are chosen to do which is stand up to
the voters they're not chosen to stand
up to corporations or Wall Street the
military-industrial complex Big Pharma
or the fossil fuel companies the
Democrats are chosen by donors to stand
up for the donors against the people so
this is exactly why they were chosen
this is exactly what they're programmed
to do so in a sense they do have a spine
they're standing up to the voters and
they know it's risky because they might
lose but they'd much rather lose they'd
much rather lose and be guaranteed a
consultant job and millions of dollars
and all that other stuff and to sit on
boards and no that's all they do so
they'd much rather have this golden
parachute waiting for them if they lose
the next election then this tend to win
the next election and lose their golden
parachute so that's so it's it's not
really true that they're caving it
appears they're caving because they're
on paper supposed to be representing
people but the Democrats the Democrats
are not satisfied with the victory
unless it's mixed with moral failure
failure that's really what it is they
did they did manage to negotiate
honest-to-god what the Democrats did
agree on with the Republicans already is
an increase in military funding for next
year in the next year that's that's a
fact that part's already been agreed to
enough money by the way to send
everybody in the United States and to
college for free that's a fact
so the Dems negotiated already a huge
increase in the perpetual war military
spending so I guess after Trump reports
the kids we can drop bombs on them I
guess that's the point they're Democrats
to fight for the people unless you
happen to be young brown or have no
power then they don't I'm really shocked
I don't know about you guys but I am
shocked at a political party that stayed
silent when indigenous protestors were
getting shot with rubber bullets and now
they're the same that same
party is willing to bargain with
deporting children I'm shocked I'm so
out of character I'm really
Susan Sarandon am i right Oh Jill Stein
Russia I think Russia did this the
people who have hijacked our government
is not Russia
you dumb on the left the
people who hijacked our country and our
government and who are the enemy of the
people
is Halliburton Goldman Sachs Eli Lilly
Exxon that's who's you over oh
by the way in Comcast's cuz they got rid
of net neutrality and Verizon that's who
has your government you dummies
not Russia Oh
earlier this week we talked about this
this is the neoliberal press defending
the Neal liberals their own
people that's what this is so we did
that video and by the way everybody
agrees that the Dems caved of course I
explained it to you that it's not
actually a cave it appears to be a cave
why would they gave why would they do
that they're not caving they're doing
exactly what they're chosen to do which
is you over in at the behest of
their donors they're our standing up to
the people they have a spine so here is
Deb you uh debbie washable
shoulder i by the way do you any
anything to add so far anything I know I
don't want to leave you guys out people
get mad at me I talk to them I do talk
to bizarre on your show yeah I'm my own
show people say show that you're
reporting news and commenting on it
they're they're like let the people on
the side yes that's nice
that is nice it's nice they dislike you
guys which is nice that means I picked
well yes so here is Debbie
Wasserman Schultz
and literate she was brought on after
this after the hist the first cave she's
brought on CNN and let me tell you
something her she sounds so sis's is
that she sounds so stupid that even CNN
notices you think I'm kidding
so here here they're gonna ask her why
they doing this why do you keep you're
getting nothing out of this and here we
go
what what one thing can you point out
that that the Democrats that that leader
Schumer what one thing did he get you
know from Republicans to justify
shutting down the government in the
first place so so the one thing I would
say that he did get is the potential for
momentum because what what oh wow oh man
that's what he got oh thank goodness
that's what that's what that's what you
tell somebody who when they first are
practicing guitar momentum yeah the guy
yeah you keep do that scale again five
hours in a row wasn't enough you gotta
keep going you guys potential for
momentum you don't have momentum but
that was her opener I this is the answer
that she I had already planned to say
this is what they figured out and this
is by the way and by the way stuff this
is the person that they go to to be
their spokesperson on CNN and I told you
this before debbie Wasserman Schultz is
repulsive on television to most people
they know this this isn't me making it
up this is the WikiLeaks revealed that
everyone inside the Democratic Party
knows that she's bad on TV meaning she's
repulsive to the people who watch her
when she goes on she hurts the cause yet
she still goes on CNN to represent the
Democrats why is that because she's a
 maniac that's why these people
are megalomaniacs
these are not people with narcissistic
personality disorders that's what this
is
you think she's going on there cuz she
wants to help people she's coming under
to defend not helping people and hurting
her own party even more by going
on TV if Debbie wasserman-schultz gave a
 about the Democratic Party she'd
stay the off of TV but she doesn't
think about that they know that's not me
I didn't make that up that people hate
her I didn't make it up that she's bad
on TV that's the WikiLeaks reveal that
that the Democratic Party felt that way
about her and here she is so yeah well
of course of course it make but it makes
sense that the Democrats would pick
debbie Wasserman Schultz to go on TV to
defend this because only somebody with
payday loan experience could polish this
turd am i right there's no way anybody
else like potential for momentum because
somebody in a think tank came up with
that and only her she was like y'all
sell this I saw this one potential for
momentum thing can you point out that
that the Democrats that that leader
Schumer what one thing did he get you
know from Republicans to justify
shutting down the government in the
first place so so the one thing I would
say that he did get is the potential for
momentum because if and I'm certainly
hopeful that that that's what occurs but
if the majority leader mr. McConnell can
be taking it so what's going on right
now in her ear is her producer is going
she actually just said that she actually
don't know not you heard it right I know
you're thinking like what she really
just said she just said that potential
for momentum so go ahead and
stick it in her face
word and over the next three weeks
before February 8th they can negotiate
on protecting the dreamers on making
sure that we can have a full-year
comprehensive budget that lifts the caps
and really make sure that we can
responsibly budget again then maybe one
star in position
Wow would it be a real moment when a CNN
newsreader can't stomach your I
wonder why you lost a trump I wonder why
you had to cheat to beat Tim Canova I
wonder why you guys lost a trump CNN
can't stomach your
CNN how do you negotiate on protecting
the dream you learn how they keep saying
this how we're gonna negotiate on this
how it's not a divorce settlement this
is up ending people's lives people that
did nothing wrong what are you gonna do
like oh you can visit the country on the
weekends it doesn't work that way leave
like there's no negotiating I agree
by the way you don't have to negotiate
this according to a CBS News poll the
most recent eighty-seven percent of the
country is on board with daca you don't
have to negotiate it you have to
negotiate something that has 40 percent
support or just support by the Democrats
that's what you have to negotiate for
like the wall like how Trump is how you
guys are gonna fund the wall for Trump
because there's nobody on that one side
of the country half the country doesn't
support it so that's why you got I'll do
that thing that we hate you do the thing
No everybody wants daca dummy
again you have to remember they're not
dumb debbie Wasserman Schultz while
repulsive is not dumb
she's just bad at what she does she's a
bad liar she's a bad politician she's a
horrible person she's in bed with payday
lenders and she's the enemy of the
people but she's not dumb but that's
they're so corrupt this is as good as
they can come up with we have the
potential for movement it's such a it's
like they're there they're a cartoon of
a cartoon this is a cartoon squared
because they sent off the most repulsive
person in the Democratic Party to
 deliver it to us too and they
know she is it's like they're joking Deb
you are super chill is repulsive
to normal people and the price going on
board I'm still hung up that what I know
Americans are listening and they heard
you say it's reverberating potential for
momentum and they're thinking for
momentum yeah yeah did you hear it yeah
yeah so I that's and what this is called
is she's trying to guess like you she's
trying to guess like you and she will
not be Gasland do you see her face huh
that's what someone does when they try
to make you believe something that's
obviously huh the bird huh tax
cuts create jobs we have we got a bob
them over there or we got a bomb over
here we're WMD Saddam Hussein's a threat
burn wait a minute this is that that's
the face you make when someone's
gaslighting you and she's guest lighting
you which is another term for lying so
Debbie wasserman-schultz
we've showed you who's blatantly lied on
CNN before by the way they never bring
that up so they bring her on they don't
show that tape of her hey remember when
you came out and said that you guys were
neutral in the primary it turns out you
guys 100% rigged the primary and Hillary
Clinton's favor to the point where she
was running the DNC remember when you
lied about that to us why'd you lie Oh
cuz you're a liar and you're corrupted
yes that's why so let's watch anything
why I was just gonna add real quick you
know the interview is going really well
when the reporter needs to remind the
person that they are on a public forum
lady here she was just like she was just
like so America the Americans are
watching right you know it's like we're
all on TV it's like what a lawyer goes
you know you're under oath exactly you
know yeah you know the cameras on right
we're broadcasting now yes you're on TV
now oh yes potential for momentum is
Christ is that really worth shutting the
government down for what tential for
something I will tell you that
Republicans should be asking that's that
themselves that question because they
shut the government down this is a truth
they they would have to do so little
tweaking to make fun of the son SNL if
they did a sketch late and like there
would be like that that's what they okay
[Laughter]
this is literally like a sketch already
you can't even parity this look in her
mind she was just going abort abort
blame Trump default blame Trump blame
yes go to default raja raja raja raja go
to russia russia shut down brook they
controlled or the White House the House
and the Senate they have the full
ability to have passed a budget done
whatever they wanted and they couldn't
because they know that the way they are
trying to approach funding the
government is irresponsible and they
couldn't even get all of their own
members to vote for it there is a
potential for momentum if they are able
to reach agreement in case making sure
that we can have a comprehensive budget
deal get some disaster get our disaster
relief pass to protect the communities
that have been devastated by natural
disasters make sure we're responsible
responsibly fund our military our
community health centers and children's
health insurance and our dreamers and
then eventually hopefully we can get
some agreement from the house and the
president my concern is that this is an
exclusively Senate deal the house and
the Senate and the White House have had
you know no part of this and so the
momentum is what I'm hopeful about and
you know we'll just have to wait and see
but I can't vote YES on wait and see
she said so that smile that she has
right there it's like okay everyone sees
you're full of and I've got it
we're gonna move a little bit okay I
held your feet to the fire you did
exactly what I was hoping
you said something even dumber the
second time and people are gonna be
making fun of this this news clip is
gonna be passed around YouTube like
 crazy that's what that smile is
right there you see that smile that's
what that smile says this I know I'm
gonna be on the Jimmy Dore show that's
what that says I bet you
humanists report in Kyl kolinsky and Tim
black I bet you everybody plays this
 clip cuz miss repulsive decided
to come on CNN again her face says I
can't wait to see myself in a music
parody it's gonna be the spirit
alright kidding I have to add something
here I you know this is from Newsweek in
2016 the title of the article is why
don't people like Debbie
wasserman-schultz
ah that's the title of the article all
right and I just want to scroll down a
little bit and just highlight one of the
things they say okay give me a moment it
says Wasserman Schultz is good at
getting legislation passed but she
struggles to get people who don't know
her personally to like her for instance
a change.org petition to Manning
Wasserman Schultz resignation received
over 60,000 signatures a similar
moveon.org petition received 75 thousand
signatures and more than 80,000 people
signed a petition on credo action a
social network for activists okay now
let me end with this activists and
progressives in particular seem to have
a problem with her right in 2012
immigrant rights groups criticize
Washington's Schultz over her support
for a large private prison slated to be
built near her congressional district in
2015 she lost the support of medical
marijuana advocates and a major donor
over a belief that marijuana is a
gateway drug
that's debbie Wasserman Schultz and some
abortion rights advocates were upset a
few years ago after she told the New
York Times magazine that women born
after world Force's Wade decision are
complacent when it comes to abortion
rights all right that's it that's that's
why people hate debbie Wasserman Schultz
now let's get back to uh why we here
here we go um understand and and on the
potential for momentum let's let's let's
go with that argument and it been on
that do you think that Senate Democrats
should trust Mitch McConnell and his
promise his intention to deal with this
in three weeks I'm not a Senate Democrat
so I can't judge what a Senate Democrats
you should or should not be doing I am a
house Democrat and I can tell you that
there's no trust here on the house side
because there's been none earned
uh I'm sorry Debbie but uh heshes art
she's she can't even keep her own lies
straight in a four-minute news segment
you know because I don't know if you
remember at this point in the previously
she just said this if the majority
leader mr. McConnell can be taken at his
word and and then she just said this
Democrat and I can tell you that there's
no trust here that's within four minutes
well if we could take the speaker at a
dusted the leader at his word two
minutes later she goes we don't
trust that guy so our deal worked out if
you could take trust Mitch McConnell at
his word if you take him at his word our
deal worked out we're gonna get a
hearing on we're gonna have a vote on
daca two minutes later nobody I don't
trust that guy
that's literally what just happened
that's what just happen Democrat
and I can tell you that there's no trust
here on the house side because there's
been none earned the the the Republican
leadership in the house has not been
included in this hey if this guy I
totally don't trust as a man of his word
we're in good shape how likely are you
to follow that person anyway boy Wow
you what else has the potential for
momentum a broken-down car if you push
it off a cliff sitting right on the
cliff oh you just push it test pretend
ever been some yet you have to and then
it has all this moment lots of potential
whoo lots of potential here we go it was
not asked to sign off and actually over
the weekend when Paul Ryan was asked to
sign off he said right and so the bill
that I'll have in front of me has no no
confirmation from me and my comfort
level that even if they get momentum
that that the house will take it up or
