what was your initial response when you
saw the Colin Kaepernick's at for the
national anthem I'll be completely
honest my initial response was was anger
you know I was angry and disappointed
because I grew up a Niner fan and I was
pulling for this guy now he just pissed
on my flag but then I just stopped
making all these judgments and tried to
listen to what he's talking about
specifically his police brutality and
the more I thought about it the more I
was like I want to try to understand
where he's coming from at least someone
because I hadn't walked around in his
shoes but he hasn't walked around in my
boots you know it means so I just wrote
a letter and he got ahold of it he
contacted you yeah he contacted me he
said he was inspired by it and he was
wanting to sit down with me and just
have a discussion first thing you said
we met was I just want you to know I
appreciate your service more anything I
expressed to him maybe there's a
different way to demonstrate where
you're showing more respect for those
that lay down their lives before what
that flag Enhancement stands for I
suggested you know kneeling because
people kneel to pray you know will kneel
in front of a fallen brother's grave you
know to show respect he said I think
that would be really powerful Colin
Kapernick choosing not to sit on the
bench this time but to take in me the
fact that he was willing to listen and
go to Annie versus sitting I thought was
huge that's an important step that he's
taken I think other people need to take
a step too and maybe listen to him cops
are getting paid leave for killing
people and not being held accountable
that's not right I respect those men
women in uniform but the ones that
aren't doing it the right way we need to
correct it we need to fix it he's right
about that people of color have been
targeted by police it is an issue and
we've gone a long way we still have a
long way to go I think as a service
member it's more upsetting for me to
come back from fighting for my country
overseas to see how divided we are and
how angry we are at each other when you
love to see one of these NFL owners say
get that son of a chop the field I'm
more hurt by that and somebody sitting
down during the anthem at this point I'm
just like mr. president let's be
presidential now and reach across to
people that you don't agree with and you
think are wrong and just say you know
what let me hear you out if we have
these real conversations that are
uncomfortable for a lot of people is
something that can unify this country
and maybe we can come to some kind of
agreement solution and understand that
we're really not that different we
probably want the same things at the end
of the day
so that's what Matt or Philip made that
video I did not know that that is
shocking so I just want to say that when
a draft dodger like Brett President
Trump who also insulted American POWs
w's tries to pretend that someone else
is being less patriotic than he is you
know he's full of and you know now
for definitely he's full of because
that's a green beret who told Colin
Kapernick to take Annie out of respect
and Donald Trump who doesn't know the
first thing about respect and Mike Pence
who doesn't know anything about anything
those guys are clowns all right these
are real deal that's a green beret
that's cop that's Colin Kapernick who's
putting his entire career on the line
he's 29 years old when he put his career
on the line who else would put their
career on the line to stand up for
something he's not standing up for
himself he's standing up for people who
don't have a voice in our culture so
people go oh he made millions of dollars
in the country took care of him he said
shut up he's not speaking up for himself
in fact he's willing to risk losing all
that stuff that he's gotten that he's
earned in this country for to help other
people so again there's lots of people
who are spending overtime trying to not
understand this issue like Mike Ditka
the president the vice president and
just about everybody on the right and
lots of people on the left - getting it
wrong so I'm gonna throw it over to my
panel did you know that a and B what do
you think of it I think Colin is amazing
I'm really impressed and who would get a
letter like that and say and not think
of this this person is kind of you know
fright frightening you know right wing
nut instead to say yeah I'd like to talk
to this guy that's so impressive that's
a real Patriot right that's a guy who
has an idea of what exactly what he was
fighting for or why he was what his
service meant his service meant a
service to the Constitution not to the
president not to a piece of cloth but to
the idea of the Constitution which is
doll of the United States says the
United States is just an idea and so go
ahead Steve yeah I was gonna say that I
know I did not know that story and
I thought you have genuflecting I'm a
Catholic I grew up Catholic you know
it'd be like the Pope's saying here
here's the encyclical you no longer
genuflect in front of the crucifixion
you must now stand at attention salute
it's actually a very respectful gesture
yeah in a way and so it's I see I'm also
Cleveland Browns fans so why the Browns
did not sign Colin cat huh is that's
that's really why do you think really
would hurt me police brutality yeah he's
got a he's got a better rating his
quarterback rating Colin Kaepernick is
better than 16 starters currently in the
in the NFL so obviously so why do you
think that the Cleveland didn't sign
them because it's too they don't want to
they don't want the baggage I think it's
too much baggage
and they would rather you know go on
five which is what they are right now so
I would say that their owner I don't
know I'm just gonna guess their owner is
white yeah Jimmy Haslem oh there you go
so they have a white owner who would
rather coaches the coaches
african-american and it's it's it's the
coach who I has a lot of influence than
that - yeah and I guess I don't know he
just and the coach doesn't want the
distraction
I guess so that's that's what they say
well ingestion go ahead as they haven't
gotten rid of the word owner ah well
that's a very good point Lord because
the whole the whole Trump fire these
people that is such a plantation
mentality it is such a disrespect for
the people who are making you your money
and to say you're fired and I mean if
that doesn't tell you all you need to
know about Trump or you know even Jerry
Jones and and it's it's just a it's a
plantation mentality I own you now mow
my lawn yeah I stand up when I tell you
to stand up by the way they're only
standing up for money the diner fella
isn't patriotic the NFL's taking money
from the military to make their players
stand because they used to not stand
they used to stay in the locker room
before until the national anthem was
over but nobody's joining the military
anymore because they were
starting to see through it and they
realize it's just Wars for a
corporate power and so they started to
pay money to the NFL to have pretend pay
treat that's not when you pay someone to
stand that's not patriotism that's a
cash transaction so that's not that's
phony patriotism by the way where do you
think the NFL gets the money from they
get it from the military where does the
military get the money from from us so
what we're basically doing is
ourselves in the ass we are giving money
to the military to give it to the NFL to
manipulate us to do propaganda on
ourselves on ourselves so we continue to
fighting these phony Wars which
are all they're all for
corporate power and they're all for the
petrol dollar that is it and we are now
funding propaganda to get our own
children to keep going in service of
that military-industrial complex which
is disgusting and Colin Kaepernick
standing up is the one of the few decent
things that has ever come out of the
 NFL and I'm not watching the NFL
anymore because if you're watching the
NFL you are now enjoying watching owners
and the plantation workers make money
for each other that's all that is that
is a racist system and so now if you
want to watch a bunch of white guys
employ black people and on them
that's great because I'm not hiring
Colin Kaepernick he's much better
quarterback than the people who are
playing and he's not being hired why is
he not being hired because all the
owners are white that's why
and all these owners who give lip
service to their players go hire Colin
Kaepernick I don't need you to lock arms
bullshitter I need you to go hire Colin
Kaepernick Jimmy I don't think you
should really sugarcoat it
everyone should say what you see why
can't you just get to it yeah him is so
beating around the bush
he's just yeah well that's it if those
if those an NFL owners had won if they
had any courage what they had as much
courage as Colin Kaepernick has in his
little finger they would be able to hire
him because it would it would in fact
they would become a better football team
and maybe more people would start
watching again because I don't know if
you know Monday Night Football
the Bears Chicago Bears I wanted to
watch I did not watch
I'm not watching but it was the lowest
rated of all a football game so far on
Monday night it was down 17% and why do
you think that is well some of it is
because of CTE people don't want to
watch because of CTE I don't care about
CTE I watch boxing I like MMA and if
grown-ups want to take money to bash
their heads and I'm all for it that's up
to you
I don't like racism okay so that's why I
stopped watching and so maybe if
somebody had enough balls to hire Colin
Kaepernick people would start watching
the NFL and then everybody actually
would make more money but the not
they're pandering to the racist base
they're afraid the white racist won't
watch because the people are the
overwhelming majority of people who
watch NFL is white and they're older in
fact did you know that yes so that's
what's happening with the NFL it's all
about money it's not about patriotism
just like everything else what appears
to be the truth is the exact opposite
God did not create man in his own
likeness and image man created a God in
his own likeness and image kneeling down
it's not disrespectful to the flag
kneeling down during the national anthem
is the most patriotic thing you could
 do you know Jim I was thinking
you know another analogy I guess would
be you know when gladiators were slaves
and and they brought people and to watch
them you know tear each other apart the
you know I did not know gladiators were
slaves well I mean Romans when they had
he was like the Tom Brady and they're
killing themselves now listen I played
football for ten years from seventh
grade through college so I have an
affection for the game what but what
does make me uncomfortable is what you
were talking about and it's this
conflation of Military Glory with
football and it's kind of what makes
football sort of the 20th 21st century
game in America why kind of took over
baseball because baseball sort of has
this nineteenth-century ethos and
football is really post-war America
at its military height hmm and what
bothers me about the national anthem
just as a song it's it's about a battle
and the flying over the the Jets over
the stadium and you know they could
solve this problem by not playing the
 national anthem before the games
- and you wouldn't have an issue how
about maybe you think about that but
this whole idea of what you brought up
which is this connection between
Military Glory
and the NFL and football and this macho
manliness makes me very uncomfortable
even though I played the game and so
they've completed yeah no I just think
we should take out the word God and just
have money Bless America yes right God's
on the money God is on the money
In God We Trust is right on there you're
right so who now you said they don't you
know kids just maybe they should stop
playing the anthem Bob Costas made the
point that they don't play the anthem
before a movie when you go see Saving
Private Ryan they don't go everybody
stand we're gonna play the movie we're
gonna play off when rights they don't
why don't they do it then so they don't
do it and other things the only reason
they do it at the NFL's they're being
paid to do it now right so and by the
way the can you've come we've conflated
the military with patriotism we've
completed the anthem and the flag with
the military as Bob Costas pointed out
there's lots of people who are Patriots
you know what dissidents are Patriots
Martin Luther King was a patriot okay
Rosa Parks was a patriot right you know
who else Bob Costas says the Patriot
social workers are Patriots firemen are
patriots and he says every time he goes
to a Yankees game in the seventh inning
they play god Bless America and they
come out and they salute a military
person and he says I have no problem
saluting a military person but they're
not the only Patriots in the gun when is
why don't they bring on a social worker
and during the seventh inning if you're
right why don't they bring on a teacher
right he says teachers are patriots
there's help there backbone of ours why
don't they bring them oh let's honor
them
why do we only equate the military with
the national anthem and the flag and
it's because they're being paid to do so
go ahead well it's also because there's
a big guilt factor there we honor these
veterans because we don't take care of
because we don't take care of them
and so we get a crowd of 30,000 people
you know I go to Dodger Stadium and you
know I think it's great that somebody
gets that attention it gets honored but
when 1% of the population is actually in
the military it's the way the rest of us
can sort of assuage our guilt and I
teachers aren't bringing us oil by the
way they're not making it any easier for
us to acquire oil and ways to get it
into inches to use it and yeah by the
way I play the national anthem before I
eat anytime before yes you know you pray
I don't know he prays different wife
cooked ok that's a dull joke you know
what I like to do and it just to be
annoying if a lot of my friends are
Jewish and and my dad was half like say
I'm half the lower half and we and that
right before you know we I went to a
seder whatever and I like to go I like
to do this and put my hands out to make
everyone uncomfortable like I go like
this and then they kind of reach for my
hand because I think we killed all right
all right well now you know so the next
time you see a loudmouth draft-dodger
wagging his finger at colin kaepernick
or anybody else who's taken a knee you
know that that person is a hypocritical
full of because guess who got
the ax gave him the idea to take a knee
it was a green beret soldier Portland
Oregon the Jimmy Dore show is coming to
the Alberta Rose Theatre November 12th
and we're going to Burbank California
November 6th and the Hollywood improv on
October 16th there's a link for tickets
right down there go to jimmy dore comedy
calm for all legs for all shows
