everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
we're at the musical liberal hey
miserable hola hola
so we talked to you about this so the
big story in the news today and this is
breaking on the 17th is cambridge
analytic
oh my god cambridge analytic and
facebook and they got people's info on
facebook and then they gave the election
of donald trump oh if only hillary knew
about cambridge analytic oh so we talked
we this is but this was reported in
forbes back in november this is from
what's the date yet November 9th 2017 it
says this big data marketing firm claims
to have a perfect track record in
winning elections it's by John cat's ear
or cat CA and why weren't they talking
about so we did this whole thing leaked
can't came on the show from our teen he
told us about this he was the one who
gave me the heads up on this and they
knew about this back in November that
there when you talk about a foreign data
mining company Cambridge analytic and of
course they bragged about they have a
perfect track record that they've
intervened in some 30 or 40 elections so
here's what the company which entered
the u.s. political market in 2014
mining and analyzing data to target
voters says it's expanding its work in
international elections while boosting
its business with American corporations
so it does a lot it doesn't just do
election work they do work for
corporations they like help brand help
get people to buy their stuff and I
think we have this as I think we have a
hundred percent track record cambridge
analytical CEO alexander nick said today
at a web summit in libs in portugal
that's about 3,200 campaigns so they
he's saying they were hired to work on
30 to 100 campaigns and i don't think he
meant all in the united states because
they work in other countries too but a
lot of them and the company gathers huge
amounts of data about people one example
nicks gave was what cereal you eat to
determine issues and messaging that will
resonate
then the company helps political
campaigns as well as commercial entities
deliver those messages to targeted
individuals so Nick said the company ran
over four thousand campaigns for Donald
Trump now I think him campaigns means
different definition of campaign as we
campaigns meaning I'm gonna guess
ads Facebook ads different little
analytical things they ran for him so
they ran over forty four thousand
analytic campaigns for Donald Trump that
in a total captured over a billion
impressions or views he also absolved
himself a responsibility for the results
saying the data science can't make a
fake candidate electable even though
having the right data and the right
technology behind the campaign is
critical Cambridge analytic is a
commercial enterprise he said and stays
neutral on issues instead focusing on
just serving its clients so what is the
difference between what this company is
doing in what the thirteen Twitter bots
that got indicted we're doing I showed
you that when it when it looks like
those that Twitter people were at those
Twitter trolls were doing they were on
both sides of every issue and they were
just trying to get people to follow them
so their social media so they could spam
them with advert advertisements and
stuff like that and make money that's
what it looked like that you were doing
which is what normal troll farms do and
it's what they do they that what they do
is they they're they're actually getting
it done but Nick's did add that the idea
that Russia in listen to this so this is
a guy who has a 100% track record of
winning elections he brags about all the
data stuff that they do and he said he
added the idea that Russia interfered in
the substantive weight was not credible
this is from last November the
assessment however seems based more on
his opinion of his company's
capabilities than on any specific
information the idea that Russia
hijacked this election is frankly
ludicrous that the
could replicate that level of Technology
and insight in just a matter of months
is just nonsense because these guys are
really doing the big analytical stuff
what they did with Facebook now came out
so they knew they were they had it
intricate deeds head they knew they
liked these guys are the guys we know
how to get your data we know what cereal
are eating and how that translates to
how you're gonna vote so so that would
that's already been out there and
nobody's talked about it we talked about
it here Lee camp has talked about it I
haven't seen anybody else talk about
it's in Forbes it's certainly not the
headline hey another country in mess
meddling in our elections why don't they
ever say that why don't they say hey did
you know that the UK England that
they're meddling in our elections did
you know that they're meddling in our
elections no one's saying that no one's
here is on fire nobody's calling you
weren't talking with the English were
you like they say about the Russians
because Cambridge analytical today
released a statement saying we we've
never worked with the Russians and we
don't have any Russians working for us
meant it if you said that about anybody
else but he said hey we we never worked
with the Jews and we don't have any Jews
working for us hmm imagine saying that
imagine saying hey we didn't work with
Mexico and we don't have any Mexicans
working for us that's what they said so
here's Brian a Seltzer set settler and
he's gonna explain what that because
Facebook suspended Cambridge analytic uh
so here's what he's gonna explain what
happened today story so walk us through
it all
yeah the New York Times here in what in
New York and the observer newspaper in
the UK have investigated this company
and as soon as these stories were about
to come out Facebook went ahead and
suspended the company involved I'll try
to explain it as as simply as I can Fred
you were talking about those personality
quizzes we've all seen them on Facebook
they were popular for a while a
professor associated with Cambridge
University set up one of these apps that
does these quizzes he used the
quiz to harvest data about users of
Facebook and all of their pens so by
doing that he was able to get
information data on tens of millions of
Facebook users this happened a few years
ago then he transferred the data over to
a company called Cambridge analytical
now that's a controversial political
consulting company that swoops in and
promises to create really detailed
profiles of voters in order to target
them on very in very detailed ways now
that's that's those are foreigners
interfering in the United American
elections is it not Brian
those are foreigners highly weaponized
data targeting voters in the United
States to help swing an election why is
your hair not on fire like you are about
Russia why aren't you at what what why
isn't there talk of treason over this
Trump admits working with them why is it
this treason Trump admits doing this why
is it this treason I don't I don't know
I really want to know okay this is
essentially the new frontier of
political campaigns right you bring in
data firms who promise they know voters
and really detail phase and then you
tell those voters exactly what you want
to hear yeah it sounds like what those
the trolls that got indicted we're doing
does it not does it not sound like they
were day we're trying to find voters
that had certain perla political
leanings and then they target them how
is that different than what the
Cambridge and how come they're not going
to jail how come they aren't indicted
when we've known about this since Ivan
Forbes wrote about in November how come
no one's indicted for meddling in our
election I really want to know that's
partly why the Trump campaign hired
Cambridge analytic as part of the data
operation before Election Day
so Cambridge is alleged to have used all
this data from tens of millions of
Facebook users in a way that the company
now says was improper here's the
statement from a Facebook VP they they
put this out on Friday night
to bury the news before this New York
Times investigation came out Facebook
now says we are committed to vigorously
enforcing our policies to protect
people's information we will take
whatever steps are required to see that
that's happens and we will take legal
action if necessary to hold them
responsible and accountable for any
unlawful behavior so what I can gather
so far is that what they did why was
they put out these questionnaires people
filled them out and that was how they
got your your personal data that you
filled out Facebook questionnaires is
that what this is about
okay I think if you fill out a Facebook
questionnaire on Facebook I think you
pretty much know that's public right
your Facebook is not your friend even
though they friended me I don't so I
don't really I don't know why everyone's
hair is on fire over this D can you tell
us now a couple a couple of bottom-line
facts here we don't know how much this
Facebook data helped or didn't help the
Trump campaign there's been disputes
about that ever since election day about
how important this Cambridge analytical
company was helping Trump get elected
there's been disputes ever since
election day about Cambridge analytic
bride has there really I haven't heard
anyone mention it ever there's been
disputes about Cambridge analytical may
I you know what I don't watch cable news
like I used to I stopped watching cable
news sometime last year maybe maybe
they've been talking about Cambridge
analytic every day and I don't know
about it is that possible what we do
know
is that this is another black eye for
Facebook and it's consulting companies
that are trying to use this data to well
know what we do know is that there's a
history in the United States about
people influencing our elections that's
what we do know there's a hysteria about
it going on and this is morbid and it's
interesting no one's mentioned treason
no one's mentioned they just talked
about it's a black eye for Facebook no
one says people should be indicted no
one's talking about what the f
he seems very much more cool about this
they both do seem much more cool about
this than the idea of 13 Twitter trolls
from Russia 13 Twitter trolls from
Russia got Brian Williams he wanted
military response pretty much and now
here right you know how he's just
whatever he's kind of brushing it off
isn't he target all of us as voters so
there you go there you go it's funny in
that news report
nobody act that to me that's interesting
so again if the people were it were
concerned about the integrity of our
elections they would go with the paper
ballots there they don't so that just
shows you that all this is propaganda
this is all propaganda did Cambridge
analytic ado this
yes it's called campaigning Donald Trump
is allowed to hire a data company to do
data stuff for them it's called
campaigning the Koch brothers put there
they're allowed to do they could do make
it correct the record head how many
Twitter trolls they had a whole army of
Twitter trolls doing stuff
it's called campaigning it's like
putting a sign up in your front window
you get to campaign you get to do that
so
um and by the way to me that's what it
sounds like so like if those Russian
Twitter trolls did what they're accused
of they tried to influence the election
by posting ideas ideas that's what
they're accused of posting ideas on
social media
that's called campaigning a lot of
people do and but they go well some if
it wasn't true or a lot of it wasn't
true you telling me campaign commercials
are true is that what you're telling me
you're telling me that tax cuts create
jobs does that true you're telling me
that we got to fight him over there
unless we're gonna fight him over there
you tell me they had WMD are you what
are you telling me so what's different
way that that the brought he's reporting
that I thought that was very interesting
and now Facebook gonna suspend Cambridge
analytic if they're gonna act like
they're doing something it's it's called
camp it sounds to me it sounds like it's
called campaigning and so here we are so
there's the story there'll be I'm sure
there'll be more to come out on this and
I don't know what else I'm sure somebody
lied and tried to cover this up at
Facebook somehow I'm sure something like
that happened we'll see what happens
this is still more hysteria oh my god
Trump hired a a data mining company from
the UK hmm and what they do they data
mined people okey dokey it made it it
made it something go ahead do you trust
anything online though you know like no
like I am so no time I don't want to
fill out any kind of survey yes I I
bought it I bought a pair uh underwear
online and I've been seeing underwear
ads for the rest of my life and never
goes away it's like they're manipulating
you they do I do
go fill out any I just wouldn't bought
something and then of a sudden for the
rest of my life
I bought some athlete's foot foot spray
I could keep getting that kicked over
everywhere I go is that hate a flea they
wanted to post it on Facebook for me
when I bought your fan you want to tell
your friends you just bought some
athletes book no I don't want to tell
everybody I have athlete's qiblah so
yeah that to your point yes
no we all know that when we're online
that where there's no privacy as they
say in the UK so yeah this is no
indictments in that while no indictments
so that's called campaigning you're
allowed to use ideas to campaign and
you're trying to entice way people now
do you um
we'll see what happens but this isn't
like this is a new story like like I'm
showing you since November we've no
Forbes knew about it
they talked about it since 2014 they
bragged about it Cambridge analytic oh
they bragged about how effective they
are at influencing campaigns all the
sudden Donald Trump wins and everybody's
got oh wait we've got change all the
rules now cuz Trump won we gotta train
change all the rules all the rules are
changing so
again this is a great education how
propaganda works this whole Russia gate
thing this this now on the heels of it
they wanted you to be afraid this is all
about fear oh my god my election it's
because we could never possibly have
elected Donald Trump
we couldn't have possibly rejected the
establishment
we couldn't have possibly done that
because the establishment doesn't
possibly want to change so that's why
every something else every week it's our
elections oh my god if we could only
have the power of 13 Twitter trolls we
only had that power doesn't it doesn't
if you feel feel stupid even saying that
38 Twitter talk you don't think Russia
was meddling you know look holy god damn
what's happened to people huh if you'd
like to see us talk about this at a
funny way come to our lives we've got
one March 26 Monday night that's in
Austin Texas and March 30th in Burbank
California we'll see you there please
make sure you're subscribed also it only
takes a second to check if you think
you're subscribed you're probably not I
know it sounds weird but just check and
then click that bell to make sure you
get a notice when we drop a video that's
the way we fight back against the
bastards and if you can become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week thanks for your support
you
