hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
i'm here at the Rambla cone Aliotti
so it's the 50th anniversary of the
death of Martin Luther King and it's got
everybody remembering things I love this
is one of my favorite quotes of his he
says a man dies when he refuses to stand
up for which is right
a man dies when he refuses to stand up
for justice a man dies when he refuses
to take a stand for that which is true
hmm that's a powerful quote a man dies
when he fails to stand up for that which
is right wow that's great so here's a
mat or fella does a lot of work for us
great talented editor he put together
this video you can check him out on his
video YouTube page I'll put a link
underneath the last two months of his
life dr. King faced the idea that civil
rights alone could not solve the problem
of poverty he roamed the South trying to
gain support for poor people's campaign
its goals full employment a guaranteed
income and decent housing for every
American the campaign would recruit
among all races bring them to Washington
force the government to respond a
non-violent army of the poor working
together to solve the problem
working full-time jobs for part-time
income and we're tired of not being able
to find work
[Applause]
[Music]
nation can spend thirty five billion
dollars a year to fight an unjust evil
warned Vietnam and 20 billion dollars to
put a man on the moon it can spend
billions of dollars to put God's
children on their own two feet right
here on earth this is a reality now when
we come to Washington we are coming to
get our check very frankly this is a
search for an alternative to riot a riot
is the language of the hunter and what
is it that America has failed to hear it
has failed to hear that the promises of
freedom and justice have not been met we
hold these truths to be self-evident
that all men are created equal that they
are endowed by their creator with
certain inalienable rights that among
these are life liberty and the pursuit
of happiness but if a man doesn't have a
job or an income he has neither life nor
liberty and the possibility for the
pursuit of happiness he merely exists we
are demanding an emergency program to
provide employment for everyone in need
of a job is a work program is
impractical a guaranteed annual income
at levels that sustain life in decent
circumstances man was talking about that
now yeah that is 50 years ago that's
amazing and here we are talking about
universal basic income a job if you want
one still a radical idea still a radical
like the radical idea in the
contemporary United States is it that
mazing the Poor People's Campaign was
about economics
and what happened to that whole movement
it's almost as if it wasn't just wait a
minute wait a minute it didn't disappear
you might forget Martin Luther King was
assassinated in April the Poor People's
Campaign was supposed to go to
Washington in April so the organization
that mobilized it was essentially
decapitated and thrown into chaos about
three weeks before it was supposed to
happen
[Music]
realistic fact is that we still have a
long long way to go now I'm not one to
lose hope I keep on hoping I still have
faith in the future people will come to
see the known is something wrong in
general but something is wrong in
particular in their own economic
situations constantly trying to make
ends meet but because of either no job
or a job that is so economically
unprofitable that the person can make
ends meet and I think they see all of
these things and more and more they are
coming to see them so that was by Matt
orful a great job and you know that's
really why they killed him was when he
started to have an economic message and
he started you heard him saying on the
video that didn't cost you a penny to
integrate the lunch counter or give us
the right to vote but it's gonna cost
you billions to make sure we're whole
economically and you know they wrote
about this then the intercept they
called it the Santa classification of
dr. King is what we do to him we pretend
because all we do is focus on his civil
rights work they forgot that he had to
poor people's campaign and he was going
to march on Washington to demand jobs
and an economic life so this is what
this is gonna says because that's really
what they got when he got unpopular when
he went against the war machine and he
started talking about economic equality
the santa claus off' occasion of king
and scholar Cornel West calls it the
portrayal of King as a celebrated
consensus seeker asking for common sense
racial reforms rather than as an
anti-establishment radical downplays the
one of America's most revered activists
took to live according to conscience
King was not just a fighter for racial
justice he also fought for economic
justice and against war and as a result
he spent the last years of his life
before being assassinated in 68 clashing
not just with reactionary southern
segregationists but with the Democratic
Party's elite boy how little things have
changed my run isn't that amazing it's
the same crap today and debbie Wasserman
Schultz is tweeting out Pro Martin
Luther King stuff mm-hmm
and I said Martin Luther King would have
hated you and denounced you publicly you
in bed with payday lenders screwing over
the most vulnerable and poorest people
who you're supposed to be defending
you're selling them out that's what
debbie Wasserman Schultz says and then
she went and cheated the country out of
a progressive president and she gave us
Trump and I will never let debbie
Wasserman Schultz forget who she is and
I will never let the rest of the
Democratic Party forget that they
cheated us out of a progressive the
Democratic Party did that and he was
theirs Martin Luther King 50 years ago
when he wanted to talk about real change
and challenge the system he was clashing
with the Democratic Party's elite in
other civil rights leaders who viewed
his turn against the Vietnam War and the
American economic system as dangerous
and radical
people make fun of me for saying that we
need socialism I've seen other lefty
shows make they say they're lefty
they're not they're just nerds who don't
know what the they're talking about
they're boring nerds
no one listens to many in the civil
rights community Warren King to focus on
black civil rights and ignored the war
so as not to alienate the Democratic
Party he gave a speech at the Riverside
Church in New York City where he called
the US government the greatest purveyor
of violence in the world again not much
has changed and denounced napalm
bombings and the propping up of the
puppet government in South Vietnam he
also called for a total reexamination of
u.s. foreign policy
questioning capitalist exploitation of
the developing world Wow things have
really changed online I wish we would
have listened look how things have
changed and how people tried to keep him
in his place by saying he didn't have a
right to talk about the war he didn't
have a right to talk about economics he
was a civil rights leader this is what
they said I'll read it to you it said
for those this is what Martin Luther
King said for those who ask the question
aren't you a civil rights leader and
thereby mean to exclude me from the
movement for peace I have this further
answer in 1957 when a group of us formed
the Southern Christian Leadership
Conference we chose as our motto quote
to save the soul of America
end quote we were convinced that we
could not limit our vision to certain
rights for black people but instead
firmed the conviction that America would
never be free or saved from itself until
the descendants of its slaves were
loosed loosed completely from the
shackles they still wear now it should
be incandescent ly clear that no one who
has any concern for the integrity and
life of America today can ignore the
present war if America's soul becomes
totally poisoned part of the autopsy
must read Vietnam
it can never be saved so long as it
destroys the hopes of men the world over
so it is that so it it is that those of
us who are yet determined that America
will be are led down the path of protest
and dissent working for the health of
our land so that's what's he's standing
up against the war saying that we're
poisoning ourself and when they do the
autopsy on America Vietnam is gonna be
part of it and don't try to shut me up
because that's what they're trying to do
King had considered himself a socialist
in 1966 he told staff at the Southern
Christian Leadership Conference that
there must be a better distribution of
wealth and maybe America must move
toward a democratic socialism still done
that is exactly what I add the cake as
exactly what I advocate capitalism is
failing and has failed this country what
do you call a system that takes the
richest country in the world and renders
half of its population poorer low income
sixty-three percent of the people can't
afford $1,000 emergency 2012 29 million
people don't have health insurance 50%
of all wage earners are less than
$30,000 what do you call that you call
that a failed system capitalism has
failed in case people don't know it
that's why Briggs had happened that's
what we got Trump
that's why Oklahoma's on a four-day
 school week and their teachers
have to go and petition and strike
Martin Luther King is from Colin
Kaepernick tweeted this out he said I
have been gravely disappointed with the
white moderates we know some white
moderates don't we're on oh yeah we knew
a lot of white gan-ryu
lot of white Roderick's or wag their
finger at you tell you better vote for
Hillary Clinton that's a white moderate
that's who he's talking about
anybody who wags their finger at you and
says you can't vote your conscience
that's who he's talking about these days
I like to call them conservatives in
denial yes I feel like that's the most
appropriate
I called them gutless nerds who grew up
in cul de sacs that's what I
call them
mine shorter I have been gravely
disappointed with the white moderate the
Negroes great stumbling block in his
stride toward freedom is not the Ku Klux
Klan er but the white moderate who tells
you that it's a pony if you want
healthcare for all it's a pony if you
want free college it's a pony if you
want a living wage it's a pony if you
want to rein in the military budget and
invest that money back here it's a pony
if you want a jobs program these are all
ponies it's not a pony if you want a
living wage but it is instant ABS whoo
it's the white moderate who constantly
advises the negro to wait for a more
convenient season that's what people
told me it's not right to you have to
support the Democratic Party right now
if you can vote third party later when
there's already a bunch of people
already voting for a third party you
can't vote for a third party until
there's already a bunch of people doing
it again those are people who aren't
leaders don't even realize what they're
saying reveals that they're followers
I'm not a follower I'm an
anti-establishment guy that's why I'm a
successful comedian shallow
understanding from people of goodwill is
more frustrating than absolute
misunderstanding from people of ill-will
I agree yeah yeah I agree I'm on board
with that Barack Obama would Todd would
say it's the blacks it's your own fault
your own fault you got to go to school
got to become an innovator that's what's
wrong with the country nobody wants to
vote we've been going over this
since for 50 years awesome right
yeah so and where is the martin luther
king of today right so we got the Ronald
Reagan we got the black Ronald Reagan
which was Barack Obama
where are the we have Cornel West but he
gets marginalized to me to have a smiley
Cornel West and the mainstream media
step marginalizes them mm-hmm
and who do they bring on Malcolm Nance
I'd like to see uh we should check out
CNN's coverage today of Martin Luther
King and if they if they stress his
economic message in his Poor People's
Campaign I bet they do I bet Don Lemon
is not gonna talk about anything else
except the poor people's campaign yeah
he's definitely gonna lead with that
we'll see we'll see maybe he will
actually have fingers crossed now we
need a Martin Luther King boy do we need
Martin Luther King more than ever huh
yeah boy I would say a Malcolm X to I
would like to see a Malcolm X I'm Martin
Luther King boy oh boy oh you know what
there is so who's doing the moral
Mondays oh there is this guy so it's he
does moral Mondays it's the Reverend
William barber and I actually saw him
give a speech at the DNC the Democratic
National Convention he's a very very
powerful guy he's very good just like
Martin Luther King but of course then he
doesn't get the press that he should so
we need more like him we know like
Martin Luther King
we'd more than like Cornel West when
this started in North Carolina and it
spread to some other states yeah moral
Mondays yeah yeah so uh that's my white
guy perspective on Martin Luther King I
wish he was around today wish we had
more of them I like all those guy means
you know I'm an anti-establishment guy
look I get you know I get worked up when
I see those there I see Martin Luther
King give a speech or I sing Malcolm X
give a speech or I see this guy give a
speech who got me worked up and that's
that these are the people we need for
change we need a revolution in America
they're not they're not letting go
well you know somebody I really wish
Dick Gregory could held on a little bit
longer to I know what he's saying and
those people are marginalized say right
now
these people are marginalized in the in
the mainstream media mm-hmm but we're
not gonna marginalize them we're gonna
give them a platform thanks for your
support please make sure you're
subscribed it only takes a second click
that Bell and if you click that Bell
they'll send you a notice when we have
order we drop a video otherwise they
won't and June 30th will be in Portland
Oregon doing a live Jimmy Dore show if
you can come see that or become a patron
to help support the show we give you
hours of bonus material every week
thanks for your support
[Music]
