everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i'm here with the crew it's political
vigilante the miserable liberal a truant
black-owned everybody hello i'm mahalia
ari all right
and thanks to everybody who's purchased
our mugs and t-shirts to help support
the show cuz they're de monetizing our
videos like crazy okay hey guess what
remember why i told you about trump
before the election that trump is a is a
not a good manager and that he probably
won't have a lot of Beckel success
legislating especially since his he's
got a tendency to split the republican
party that all the democrats would team
up with all the independents and the
purple state Republicans to stop his
most horrible legislation it happened so
his travel ban keeps getting struck down
by the courts and now his health care
repeal didn't go through couldn't get it
done
the big thing he said is gonna happen
like that but that couldn't do it why
because there's enough Republicans who
realize there's electoral consequences
to taking people's health care away this
is from The Huffington Post budget chief
raises possibility of Trump agreeing to
Obamacare subsidy deal is the president
about to flip-flop again cuz what
happened everybody remember after they
couldn't repeal Obamacare then Trump
said he's not gonna fund it by executive
order by the way he's just not gonna
fund it they say they hate executive
orders he does it executive orders not
gonna fund it now
his budget teeth Mulaney Mulvaney went
on the the TV and said that he will well
here's what it says office of management
and budget budget off a chief Mick
Mulvaney suggested on Fox News Sunday
that President Donald Trump could back a
bipartisan deal on making certain
reimbursement payments to insurers if he
also got other smaller changes to the
health care system
so looks like Trump is well according to
this looks like he is gonna fund it
because he knows it's bad electoral II
if he doesn't now now the Republicans
own health care
Mulvaney said the president would accept
making those payments if he got
something in return quote give us more
ability to ease regulations and on
insurance offered through associations
Mulvaney said give us more ability to
sell insurance across state lines give
us more ability to expand health savings
accounts while those changes weren't
part of the Alexander Murray deal
there's a deal right now to shore up
Obamacare or the ACA and it's the
Alexander Murray deal Democrats may be
able to support them if if it meant
Trump would sign off on an agreement so
they'll give Trump those things Mulvaney
just said if he signs off on funding the
obamacare Mulvaney's comments may also
signal that the administration believes
the president could have to support the
Accord in the end anyway huh yes so
here's another thing we said after the
election the Republicans now have to
govern and if people's lives get worse
they'll pay the price for it at the
ballot box they now have to govern they
now have to have if the unemployment
goes up it's on their watch if people
lose health care it's on their watch if
income gets disparity gets worse it's on
their watch if we go into a recession
it's on their watch so and people who
hold them if that's what you're supposed
to do he's supposed to hold him
accountable
so while Vedas comments may signal that
he has no other choice but to support
the Accord in the end anyway
particularly if Democrats make passage
of the year-end spending bill contingent
on the Alexander Murray deal
the Alexander Murray deal would allow
the Department of Health and Human
Services to accept more state
applications for waivers of certain
Affordable Care Act provisions in
exchange for the government government
making the insurance reimbursement
payments for two more years for plans
that cover locum low-income people
there's your compromise how ironic that
the Democrats are actually supporting a
right wing health care plan and they
have to make compromises on it further
right
they're not compromising a left-wing
health care plan they're compromising
their the Republicans already health
care plan with the Republicans boom
I'm not certain yet what the president
is looking for here but I'll be happy to
bring a bill to the floor if I know
president Trump would sign it
Mitch Macbeth's things Senate Leader
Mitch McConnell said but even if the
president doesn't offer his support I
would respectfully urge leader McConnell
this is Chuck Schumer talking I would
respectfully urge leader McConnell to
put it on the floor where he would pass
where it would pass with a large number
of votes and increased pressure on
speaker Ryan to put it on the floor in
the house so Schumer is added I doubt
the president would veto it so he's
saying McConnell put it up for a vote
it's gonna pass overwhelmingly
so then if the house doesn't pass it
meaning there Paul Ryan and the
Republicans in the House then they look
like and they're gonna have to
pay the price and if they pass it like
we pass it in the Senate now the
pressures on Donald Trump to give people
health care and if he doesn't it's his
 baby and he's gonna get stuck
with it so do you see how politics works
a little bit so it turns out
looks like Trump's gonna go along with
the health care and if he doesn't it
sets the stage for a progressive
takeover of government if Hillary
Clinton was president it would set the
stage for a further ensconce mitt of the
right wing in our government they're
already they already owned the house in
the Senate and every state house and
governorship if Hillary Clinton was
president you think there'd be
democratic games in 18 or more losses
they what do you think would happen in
2020 we'd have a real demagogue on the
right who was good at it
not like Trump who can't get anything
passed I know he's good there are lots
of nefarious stuff happening because
he's president like the defunding of
agencies that are supposed to protect
the environment and he's appointing all
these horrible judges guess what that
would happen with any goddamn Republican
we got the Supreme Court we would have
got no matter who
Pub what out no matter what Republican
was president we got that Supreme Court
so Trump isn't a special case in that
regard
in fact we're getting a little bit of a
pass because he's such an incompetent he
can't get his passed the only stuff
he's getting done is the stuff any
Republican could have got done which is
appoint judges and and the Supreme Court
that's normal Republican so
anything any comment on this this is to
me this again validates our opinion that
we had at this again and we could I
could have been wrong about it and I
would have admitted it I've been wrong
about lots of stuff I'll admit it but
this is the crux of what's been going on
in this country this is the crux of
ugali I still would have voted Hillary
or if it would be when it comes down to
Hillary or Trump Hillary was better form
up shut up I throw it over to you guys
well I mean it's so funny because here's
yet another opportunity for the
Democrats to maybe take over and get
some real progressives in there and
they'll the bed they'll this
up yes
they won't do this we're already doing
it Durbin was already on NPR yesterday
morning saying that the Democrats have
to be careful not to go to the left that
they have to go to the center ah that's
what they I don't know if you guys
notice that's what you've been doing
since 1992 and you're getting your
 clock cleaned yeah they keep the
key there the idea of going to the left
they don't even entertain it they keep
thinking the left oh that's a bad idea
yeah you keep going to the center you
keep going to the right and you keep
getting your ass kicked it's like a
fighter who go who goes you know I don't
want to lead with my with my left hand
anymore and I got I got a lead with my
right and they keep getting punched in
the face and their trainer and everyone
in the whole arenas going no no no you
got to lead with your left I'm not sure
my face is bleeding boy somebody should
have put they maybe those gloves are
from Russia it's like unbelievable
well you know we were watching programs
yesterday that dealt with Europe you
know I was watching some stuff and it's
like it's like our country doesn't
or our representatives do not think it's
at all possible to give health care to
America they've decided it's just not
possible it's just not possible
and then how many countries in the world
are supplying health care for their
citizens so we had a brother yes if we
had a healthy citizenry maybe they're
worried about that because maybe we
would all get together and say where are
the jobs yeah we're the good paying jobs
right we're the good paying jobs because
if I'm tufa if I'm just focused on doing
doing a GoFundMe for my knee surgery
guess what I'm not paying attention to
where the jobs are I'm you know what I
mean I'm I'm that's I think you're right
it's by design so that I'm distracted
right I'm just getting my day to day
life together fray scurrying up enough
money for just basic medical procedures
so that I don't just sit there and go oh
I can't drink the water because of leaky
pipe lines you know what I mean oh
there's no jobs there's no nothing so
they just want us all frayed out they
keep you scrambling so you don't have
time to get informed pay attention or
organize right thanks keep you secure
treading water everybody's got to wreak
work two and three jobs everybody
everybody's in debt 63% of the country
doesn't have $1,000 in savings couldn't
afford $1,000 emergency and so those
people can't afford to do a general
strike they can't afford to go without
pay for a day they gotta buy medicine
for their kids they gotta buy food for
their kids there I'm saying they don't
have that there's no cushion in America
so that's how they want it so you don't
have any cushion to revolt and the only
amount of time they have to get
information is maybe a half an hour to
watch headline News or MSNBC or Fox or
whatever your thing is and you get that
30 minutes of right or left leaning
corporate and you think you're
informed yeah well you know it there's a
lot of stuff going on here that I find
like kind of peculiar like first of all
I don't want to see the subsidies end
because you know that kind of eliminates
the small baby step in a better
direction and under the word small baby
step in a better direction the ACA is
the other side of it though this
compromise and I like how it's important
worth noting in this article how they
highlight the bipartisan support this
because this compromise that they're
talking about
pretty much the only complaint the
insurance industry has left about the
Affordable Care Act the fact that it did
put a stop to some predatory plans and
the fact that there are some state
restrictions that's pretty much the only
complaint the insurance industry has
about the Affordable Care Act in this
point and now that's going away and so
what if the Democrats didn't cave on
that what if they said no mm-hmm where
the Democrats said no Trump we're not
caving on that you go ahead and take
healthcare away from people go ahead go
ahead we'll see in 2018 when we take
over the Congress you commit political
suicide yeah go ahead
take away people's health care see how
that works for the Republicans at the
ballot box
and so what Obama Gabe sack I'm sorry
stuff Barack Obama gave people health
care and he got wiped out at the ballot
box imagine if you took it away go ahead
I'm sitting here and I'm going of course
they're not going to do it
of course the Democrats are not going to
pull their heads out of their Democrat
ass because they're Republicans cuz they
want to do this for their donors they're
like old we'll do this for you still
sure and we can still look like we're
sticking up for health care and what
they're really doing is giving away the
farm and you know it's very suspect is
that the Democrats don't scream at the
top of their lungs how much money this
America okay they should be lining
people up like myself I've had Obama
care for whatever three four years it
saves me about three grand a year it's a
lot of money and it's it's not great
health care so I was paying three
thousand dollars more for shitty health
care so it's not great health care but
it saves me that's a big deal they
should be lining people like me up
saying this guy's gonna you're gonna
kill it's gonna kill this small this
independent contractor it's gonna kill
this person right you you're gonna have
this health thing he's gonna have that
they should just be lining people up but
the Democrats are not for the people
they do not represent us they represent
the health care industry which gives
equal amounts of money to Republicans
and Democrats they don't give a
about any of us that's why they're just
doing this backdoor deal and they could
be they could be going man we are going
to crush the Republicans because we have
real progressive populist policy and and
and and politicians ready to go nope no
even our Democratic senators right here
are not on the same page in California
they're not very same page No
Dianne Feinstein so there you go look
now it appears that Trump is gonna fund
it it's a win-win for the left it's a
temporary if he doesn't fund it it yes
some people will get hurt
guess what right now 30 million
Americans don't have health care so
they're already thirty million people
getting hurt so if it has to get a
little bit worse before it gets way
better and we can take over Congress and
then the presidency and then we have
Medicare for all and then we take care
of everybody for the rest of our lives
for in perpetuity forever then that's
the price we had to pay but right now
we're paying a price right now for
continuing to elevate neoliberal
corporatist warmongers on the Democratic
side and that price we're paying right
now is Trump that's the price we're
paying right now so you guys are willing
to pay a horrible price a way worse
price that I'm willing to pay so yeah
okay so this is where we are it uh it's
kind of like I said it's kind of a mint
win-win if he funds it we win if he
doesn't fund it the left could win cuz
then you stick that to Trump and the
Republicans and you take over the house
in the Senate and then in 2020 you take
over the presidency and then we're back
to where the Democrats were in 2008 and
then they start instituting more right
wing plans so when the Democrats take
over in 2020 we Institute some more
right-wing stuff we have another pretty
boy like Barack Obama who talks nice and
does the bidding of called Wall Street
and he brags that his policies are
moderate Republican and then we get a
worse demagogue in 2024 there's not just
one election so you have to think more
than one election cycle and that's what
a lot of the big Trump scared the
out of people and they stop thinking far
more farther than one election cycle and
lots of people on the Left and you know
so let's think a little bit longer game
the next live jimmy dore show is
November 6th in Burbank California and
November 12th and Portland Oregon link
for tickets right there
