Allisyn Hartson running as a justice
Democrat hi Alison how are you hey I am
doing great I love the energy in here
there's so much going on oh my god yes I
saw your new commercial how can I show
it yeah yeah you guys talk and I'm gonna
find it all right
so I know that he said you guys talked
but what he really meant is wait you go
ahead and talk right because we're not
guys and let me tell you right now lay
world knows when you're a woman just
look at my pay my income right so -
Alison good to see you - so really what
are the three things we should know
about you if we just met you you should
know that I must recently ran a national
nonprofit organization to get money out
of politics in order to be able to end
corruption and save our democracy you
should know that I was also a public
high school teacher for ten years and
and and then you should also know that
my experience working in politics
working on getting legislation passed
through the state legislatures has led
me to know that if we're going to get
Medicare for all college for all higher
wages living wages tied to inflation
green economy to replace our military
economy we're going to have to do it
ourselves that's why I'm running for
office and I am in just about every
single poll that lists me I am
statistically tied we are beating
everybody in social media small dollar
donations you name it we are on fire
right now
two days left okay so some people would
say oh my god why are you going up
against Dianne Feinstein are you an
ageist what are you thinking what are
you doing Diane is terrific what would
you respond to that well clearly you've
been paying attention no no look look um
you know as far as as the we I think we
have to start with what we agree on and
we agree that Diane no we agree that we
have to end corruption that's where we
have to start and we can agree that
corruption does not discriminate it
attacks both parties and it's coming
from both parties which means there's
really one party the establishment
party the corporatist party that's what
we're talking about and so we have to be
really honest with ourselves as a
progressive movement fighting corruption
to look at ourselves in our own party
not just the other party if we're really
serious about fixing this and as far as
I'm concerned the the most dangerous
enemy is the one that looks just like
you
the one that you can't see and that is
our own party so we have to be willing
to run against Democrats and Republicans
if they are ultimately the epitome of
the very corruption that we are fighting
and quite frankly Dianne Feinstein is
all you have to look at is is who
donates to her campaign she takes money
from defense contractors she takes money
from the pharmaceutical industry she
doesn't support Medicare for all as a
result she voted for the Iraq war she
supports Medicare for some for some
that's right that's right we got that
that out there and and so you know she
she takes money from the telecom
industry and as a result she has voted
for the Patriot Act every single time so
look at her donations look at her votes
let's have honest conversations and be
willing to accept responsibility as a
democratic party or as independents who
are really going to step back and look
at the entire system as a whole which is
what my point is so what's gonna happen
so they so what's this thing in the
primary that the top two what's that
about yeah really important for people
to know that they we have a new system
in California it's relatively new in the
last few years so am I looking here
perfect so the way that it works is it's
a top two primary jungle system and you
can read more about it I'll explain it
right now but read more about it too at
my website Alison hearts and calm slash
vote is that what it is yes it's a slash
vote and and so the top two no matter
what party you are they are going to to
make it into the general and so that
primary vote is on June 5th which means
two Democrats could make it into the
general as opposed to before it would be
the top Republican and the top Democrat
and your
often that way by by running the top -
you make it more possible for a third
party - to actually get into the top to
make it into the general you also make
it so that progressives and the underdog
Democrats can can actually get into the
general against the incumbent which
otherwise just clears the Democratic
Party in the general every single time
so it doesn't matter what party you are
you don't have to change your party you
can vote for me which is which is I
think a definite win for democracy in
that regard and and so we just have to
and this is really interesting and I
think important for strategic reasons
how we're going to vote on June 5th
unless you've already voted of course
because of mail-in ballots so the way
this works is you know we we should vote
our conscience but we should also vote
strategically and understand that we're
not voting for who's gonna take first
place on June 5th we can pretty much
predict that it's going to be incumbent
Dianne Feinstein I wouldn't be surprised
that we have like a wicked upset though
but I'll just say what we're really
voting for is who's going to take second
place who do we want to be in the top
two who do we want to be second place
and when we come back to that it's who
has the best chance of doing that every
single number just about every single
metric we have shows that I'm right
they're neck-and-neck we absolutely have
this but the next question is who has
the best chance of beating Dianne
Feinstein in November and you put you
juxtapose her the establishment to a
true real progressive I and I'll give
you an example less than 5% of the money
that she has collected for this election
alone comes from small dollar donors
$200 or less oh no the rest of it the
rest of her 15 million dollar coffers
for this election come from five million
dollars is her own money that she gave
herself and the rest comes from large
dollar donors and super PACs my campaign
seventy two percent from small dollar
donations and not a single pack I refuse
all of them so that is how you run a
true grassroots true progressive
campaign
that allows you the freedom to vote on
your conscience in office and vote for
the policies that we need on behalf of
the people and you get me in there
against dianne feinstein for the general
it's a no-brainer you get like an
establishment light person you get
people the rest of the candidates in
this entire race are either funded by
large dollar donors and or PACs or they
are self-funded I'm the only one running
with this kind of these kinds of
donations get me in there on June 5th
it's over okay I want to show this
commercial by the way Tim black posted a
cool cool video of you guys with those
things where you're voting at a Kevin
daily I did yes did you see that
I must have missed it and it it was it
the Kevin de Leon did not look like you
want all the paddles they got no paddles
yes yes yes like he's just sitting there
like so anyway you oh you did a white
shot I'm gonna show that so here we go
edits and it's entitled if you're not a
Nazi you're not a story that's what she
tweeted out I was like whoa what is that
shocked me come on she's really here we
go I'm Alison Hudson and I've never
slept with a porn star I've also never
called anyone in China person nor am I
an not see that's why the media isn't
covering my campaign I have been a
public school teacher for ten years and
led a national nonprofit to end
political corruption but that doesn't
raise anyone's ratings so media would
rather give billions in free advertising
to clowns and actual Nazis I'm going to
fight for Medicare for all higher wages
and college education for your kids I'm
Allison Hartson and I
message because you deserve somebody
who's going to represent you it's not
corporate donors so there you go and
that's a great commercial and now did
you consult with keith Ellison on this
how does that work you guys just get to
do whatever you want or how does it it's
lovely it's so nice when you aren't
accepting any kind of donations except
from the very people that you are
fighting for and speaking on behalf of
you get to do this kind of stuff House
makes it fun actually
yeah so now here is first of all we just
had Kenneth Mejia in here and he's a
Green Party guy and I'm like I don't I
don't know where they get off thinking
that they can participate in democracy
anyway so a lot of people would so
you're running as a justice Democrat so
you're inside the Democratic Party that
has actively been cheating progressives
up and down the ballot and my question
is why don't other countries get to have
three and four parties and in America
even the people who wanted to you know
should be outside of it it's decided to
stay inside of it yeah so what what how
do you square that circle it's it was a
really difficult decision for me Jimmy
honestly because for me it's strategic
uh-huh and this is all about strategy
for our movement and and when when I say
like one of my slogans is policy over
politics policy over party so I really
mean it like I don't think that we
should be looking at party at all so you
know what that means is if strategically
the way that we are have a better chance
of getting elected is by running as a
Democrat then run as a Democrat if we
can do it as a green then do it as a
green the policies don't change my
values don't change what I'm gonna vote
for and what I'm gonna be fighting for
don't change at all especially if I'm
not taking money for
the same donors that have turned the
Democratic Party into what they have and
the same thing with the Republican Party
as well now if this strategy were to not
work then we come back and we do it a
different way but when you break down
the numbers here in California in
particular no matter how much people are
screaming and stomping and throwing fits
about about corruption and the
establishment they still go back to
voting the same way I know it's
frustrating that's that's super
frustrating and again if people actually
did vote their conscience we could
actually it's funny they go well you
can't vote for a third party until a lot
of people are already voting for that
third party yeah and I agree with you I
mean I say this I think the same thing
like well if everybody would just do it
then we would just have it done already
with this I know
so now Kevin de Leon is your major he's
your big competition because everyone
just assumes Dianne Feinstein is gonna
get she did but she did not get the
endorsement of the Democratic Party
right right
were you shocked at that was I shocked
yeah yeah I don't know if shocked I was
I was I was definitely but I gets a
little bit shocked I was yeah I mean you
kind of expected it to go that way I
wouldn't I wasn't I wouldn't have been
surprised if it went to Kevin de Lyonne
because he's also they're like you know
they're their bread and butter as well
so the fact that they blocked it from
both of them actually and and the thing
that that has not been reported in the
mainstream news shocker is the real
reason why neither of them got the
endorsement and it's because Bernie
delegates have stayed inside of the
Democratic Party and held down the fort
in order to push back on the way they
run the California Democratic Party so I
voted in that election of elect the
delegates to the Democratic Party
statewide stuff did too and we thought
we took over the party because we had
the majority of Delegates turns out
there's super-delegates at the state
level also
and that's why Antony not an Tuesday
what's the guy's name Bauman is the
church because there's super-delegates
at this dais so such a corrupt cheating
organ chemin de Lyonne as senator has
also used two super delegates in order
to control votes two that's that's the
game they play so it's just like the
Democratic Party it's just yeah so I
just but I vote but you know my thing is
you vote for progressives no matter
where they are right if so I always vote
for progressive but I don't know if you
know also that you're not a I just tried
to explain to Kenneth Mejia he's not
allowed to participate in democracy you
didn't you know that you're also not
allowed to participate in democracy
because there was already progressive
running for Senate oh right that's right
limit whoever raises their hand first is
the one that we should all just you know
that yeah hey listen I like that guy
David I've had him on my show and I'm
gonna mispronounce his last name David
Hildebrand and he's a fine gentleman
everyone he's a progressives got great
positions I know you personally and I've
seen you get stuff done working for Wolf
Pack and I just think you have a better
chance of beating Dianne Feinstein well
so that's why I'm supporting you and I
because I'm and this idea that I have to
explain to people that once there's a
progressive in the race that's it you
can't get in nobody else you know that's
why Bobby Kennedy didn't get in until I
don't know remember when he ran stuff we
were watching that documentary there was
already like three or three already
primaries happen and then he jumps in
anyway so on my point is everybody gets
to participate in democracy and you know
they say Steny Hoyer got caught saying
on tape a there's a decision been made
do you think that you saw that right
that release that yeah and so that's
what I feel like really has they're
better decision than made by
progressives before the election happens
to be the probably I guess I'm against
during the question for you because it
rises it does it's it's it's really
frustrating and it's it's antithetical
to democracy and exactly what we're
fighting for and we can't say that we're
progressives and then say no and do
Doogs
what the Democratic Party is doing and
say no we've decided who's gonna run and
you have to ask our permission before
you go and run that that we're if we
start in any way shape or form making
decisions like that because we make
exceptions because we're in power and we
have good intention so it's okay for us
we are no better than them and we are
only headed down the same exact path I
know it was it seemed eerily similar to
what happened during the Bernie cam
you're not allowed to do you're gonna
hurt her in the primary you will you do
it you got collies it's like it seemed
like that's what it seems like to me and
and you know hey if I was already
running and you got it I would be upset
like god yeah that's a bunch of bummer
right but that's called an election you
have to run it and it's like okay we got
to get over this hill and if you're a
real leader you figure out a way to do
it thank you and that's really been the
thing for me too is this really comes
down to leadership because my experience
working in wolf pack working and getting
policies through state legislatures is
there's there are two things that we
have really got to understand there is a
difference between politics and policy
and you have to understand the politics
of getting policy passed and in order to
actually be effective and that
leadership that we need is is critical
to be able to sit down at a table it's
like running a business when you're
actually in office you have to learn how
to bring the right people to the table
how to ask the right questions how to
listen how to move forward despite the
fact that there's opposition surrounding
and you and you don't know who to trust
it's not just a matter of being a policy
wonk it's not just a matter of having
all the right answers and reading books
it has to be that and leadership skills
and understanding the politics of all of
this and that that's what I bring to
this okay I have a question you look
like you're from privilege and it looks
like you haven't had any kind of hard
knocks and what could you possibly
understand about desperate people when
they're challenged with medical problems
well I was I was born to a
a working-class family my both of my
parents struggled and I wrote about this
actually I'll explain it right now but
anybody can find me on medium or go to
my website Alison hearts and calm and
read my articles there's one I wrote
about just one example of me dealing of
my family dealing with the struggles of
being able to afford health being able
to afford health care and in in that
struggle I have several people of my
family who have passed away and and then
in passing away by not being able to
really get the medical treatment fully
that they need and obviously deserve I
have left their family and in quite a
bit of debt my father when he passed
away when I was 20 left us in a million
nearly a million dollars in debt and my
stepmom struggled quite a bit from there
so I'd encourage you to read the article
but you know that I have one story after
another about how health care has
affected my family about how income
inequality has affected my family and
and still is to this day and I actually
did I just did an interview with Katie
helper on TYT that's also posted on my
Twitter you can go in and watch that
where we talk about it but no all of
these policies are personal for me and I
think that that's really key because
when we're talking about also the who to
vote for and the in fighting the
establishment it's it is money in
politics and that kind of corruption but
it's also a class war that we're in
right now and and and those who are
currently holding office by and large at
the federal level state level they are
part of the wealthy elite and it makes
them for the most part there might be an
exception here and there but for the
most part definitely like incapable of
being able to empathize with us and
being able to understand the very real
struggles we face every day are we going
to put gas in the car today or are we
going to go ahead and buy that medicine
that we need or can we just go one more
day without that medicine and put gas in
the car and go see my cousin I haven't
seen in a month I mean I know that's
such a strange example but these are
just little things that we have to
decide day to day and when you're part
of that elite class and you don't have
that struggle it's difficult if not
impossible to make decisions about
gestation that governs our lives so
you've so pretty live life of privilege
then yes
the point is silver spoon in this mouth
you don't even have kids and you have a
nanny like that correct really really
quick thing I would add to that too is
and I think that's a fair question you
ask because when I was a teacher I
taught in a low-income district my
students were predominately first and
second generation students from Mexico
and they often shared with me eventually
once they got more comfortable with me
and the year went on that they also
thought that I was privileged I was just
like typical white woman and I don't
blame him I don't blame them at all but
as I would open up and share my stories
