here I want to tell you about this
there's a meeting this is this is a
Lucien Kim he's an NPR reporter he said
look at this meeting with Lavrov Lavrov
is the Russian diplomat so meeting with
the Foreign Minister from Russia in
Moscow from left to right jerry moran
Senator John Hoeven senator at
representative kay Granger just Senator
John Huntsman senator Shelby Senator
John Thune Steve Daines Senator John
Kennedy and Senator Ron Johnson no
Democrats and no coastal states unless
you count Texas Alabama and Louisiana's
coastal states so they're having a
meeting over in Russia out for that
fricking July can you believe this it
doesn't sound very American oh my god I
can't wait till Rachel Maddow to do a
report on this I bet she can tie them to
being in Russia you only got one degree
it's all it takes Foreign Minister
Sergey Lavrov here we go I want to see a
little video from it a delegation of US
lawmakers meet with Russian Foreign
Minister Sergei
[Music]
so that's sergey lavrov saying that I
hope this visit signifies that we can
have better relationships between our
two governing bodies and here's Senator
Richard Shelby and he says this no
there's gonna be a big meeting between
Putin and Trump and between our
president yours and Helsinki in a few
[Music]
because there's some common interests
around the world they can have a bet
it's that Senator Shelby go over there
meeting with Russians hoho talking about
having better relations with the nuclear
superpower because we have common
interests oh your common interests are
supposed to be fighting Isis and
terrorism except we're not fighting Isis
and terrorism in Syria worse we're
propping them up so here there's another
from Lucian Kim he's got some quotes
from this meeting we are competitors but
don't necessarily need to be adversaries
senator shell Shelby tells Lavrov as he
leaves the all Republican congressional
delegation to Moscow in Federation
Council in Moscow Senator John Kennedy
says our discussions have been brutally
frank no-holds-barred as candid as I've
ever been in I asked our friends in
Russia not to interfere in our elections
this year says Senator John Kennedy I
asked them to exit Ukraine help bring
peace to Syria not allow Iran to gain a
foothold in Syria in Moscow Senator John
Kennedy says this is the beginning of a
dialogue you have to watch what people
do not what they say so we'll see and
the hill covered it this dusty GOP
senators visited Moscow on July 4
the worn Russian against meddling in
2018 election report the group which
included seven Republican senators one
House member was the first congressional
delegation to visit Russia since the
country's annexation of Crimea in 2014
the group's visit coincided with the
release of it get this so this is
interesting it coincided with the
release of the Senate Intelligence
Committee report the Senate Intelligence
Committee report which found that Russia
back Trump during the election what the
report released Tuesday confirmed
conclude so but remember this was all
the collusion was all based on that
Russia hacked the emails and gave it and
and did this at the behest of the truck
gave it to WikiLeaks and they were all
working with Russia
so Russia got the hacked emails gave it
to WikiLeaks WikiLeaks which was in
collusion with the Trump kid that so
this is the theory let's remember that
but what all they've all they've been
able to turn up was that there was 12
Twitter trolls right mm-hmm and somebody
no no no 13 oh 13 and some - and some
Facebook memes half of which were posted
after the election in red states as some
of them were viewed by up to 300 people
so lon whoo so hard so again no one will
tell it can tell us how they helped the
Trump campaign except these BS re did
they rigged voting machines did they
what did that no no did they get the
emails and then give it to wick what
there is there any evidence of that know
that the FBI investigate this sir DNC
server no they would investigate the
server you underrate army making ability
ha ha Lehrer very artistic so the took
the route the report released Tuesday
confirm conclusions by the US
intelligence community that Russia
interfered in the 2016 election to help
Trump win the White House with
absolutely again confirmed conclusions
with no evidence I think it's a given in
the United States and both parties that
Russia try
the medal and probably did medal in the
election Shelby told the AP but he
didn't provide evidence because the
 isn't any probably they probably
did so that's how bad that that's how
bad the atmosphere is that even
Republican senators are going along with
this about yeah Russia's probably
they probably did try to meddle
everybody tries to meddle in everybody's
elections
we're meddling in everyone's elections
right now we tapped Angela Merkel's
phone for sake the United States
I mean so that's probably that's a true
statement
yeah they brush it probably did try to
meddle well as they always do as we
always do this is nothing new
they just made it something new because
Trump's president and the establishment
doesn't want criticism of the system
well and I know we've said is this right
what I'm saying what do you do yeah no I
was just gonna say we've said this
before and we keep saying it because it
keeps happening
they keep moving the goalposts yes there
was this big organized thing now it's
like they've probably tried to metal the
metal at this time next year it's gonna
be like I bet Russian knew there was an
election going on so here's what how
rachel maddow covered that intelligence
report that has absolutely no again that
moves the goalposts fracking a million
miles has no evidence of collusion
despite Donald Trump's protestations on
behalf of Vladimir Putin and Russia the
Senate Intelligence Committee confirms
the US intelligence community's
assessment of Russia's intrusion in the
u.s. election and then we got another
soft vague word intrusion would
intrusion there was an intrusion on the
what do you mean that they showed up at
voting pools and block P did you really
just say intrusion you really
just said intrusion here's
someone who's pushing propaganda with
and has very very little integrity
because she's way smarter than I am and
I know she's full of
intrusion Russia's intrusion so here's a
real journalist not a proper
$30,000 a day establishment propaganda
pusher who shits on progressives
won't even cover them here's Aaron Matt
a friend of the show from the real news
he says put aside put it's because
because we're cuz Matt all blog says he
says put aside claim Trump is acting on
behalf of Vladimir Putin what a
thing this Jesus Christ the Senate
Intelligence Committee has delivered an
evidence free conclusion backing up
United States intelligence community's
evidence free assessments but to this
news show that confirms it are we
committed to journalism or stenography
that's what Rachel Maddow is
doing here she's just repeating what the
government is saying she's not skeptical
of it one bed evidence free
conclusions confirmed by evidence free
report and she runs with it like a
useful idiot like a tool like a willing
participant in propaganda which she is
which is why we have a show completely
evidence free conclusion backing up a US
intelligence community's evidence free
assessment
well congratulations Rachel Maddow you
are you are United States stenographer
of the year and for that we you will be
awarded thirty thousand dollars a day to
not cover progressive politicians like
Bernie Sanders during the campaigns when
you're not allowed to and you will fall
in line and she did fall in line because
somebody didn't fall in line and his
name was ed Schultz and they fired his
ass any so it's interesting or no no it
is interesting and yeah Maddow
completely and you know this is coming
from someone I used to think Matt I'll
was the diamond in the righteous she
used to be she used to be
we critical of the government when it's
George Bush go ahead yeah well in she
used to I mean I would say - she used to
unpack issues that a lot of other people
that Network shied away from and then
she changed completely Trump and but
Bernie Sanders campaign changed her
mm-hmm absolutely and and then the straw
that broke the camel's back for me was
when you see a road Scholar get on the
mic and pretend to not understand net
neutrality because Comcast signs our
paychecks that was the straw that broke
the camel's back for me I was just like
wow it's over it's over so I thought the
red-baiting was do you're cool with
those no I wonder like like God you know
I think we're all in this room we were
we would watch Rachel Maddow we would
watch her and you know enjoy how she
would break down the story so now I
can't help but wonder like how does she
how does she justify that she has
integrity when it comes to reporting
like how she's a moral compass she
doesn't have one and there's no one's
gonna hold her feet to the fire
most of the goddamn country's going
along with this propaganda like during
the Red Scare they went along with it
then I'm no reporters paid a price for
that back then there's no reporters
the only reporters who pay the price of
the people tell the truth and
Rachel Maddow will have a job forever
cuz she's never gonna tell the truth
about this kind of propaganda
she's just not gonna do it
any criticism she'll get she'll just say
hey I'm number one yeah and I resist
Trump yeah that's just it she'll she'll
point to a video where she interviewed
Bernie you know when it didn't matter I
wish a point to it I can point to all
the she did when it did
matter when she brought on that light
that guy Ralston who wrote who
completely slandered Bernie Sanders and
his supporters with apps evidence-free
just completely slandered them lost his
 show over it in in Vegas then
they call them the Dean of her
journalism but again he LA he was doing
that at the behest of the establishment
so he think he lost his job at PBS
they gave another job right away
everyone loves something they all love
them everybody in the establishment
world they all love them I said
like him
I could only
hope that she was snubbed at Martha's
Vineyard let me just say I'm me - let me
just said John Ralston such a hard-nosed
reporter I don't know I haven't seen his
Twitter I'm sure he blocked me on
Twitter but when I saw his Twitter his
profile pic was him in a tuxedo
that's your Dean of journalism guys a
 tool well they took that picture
right before somebody threw a chair ah
[Music]
if that's it and everybody who's a
progressive saw right through him and
right through his
reporting of fat free fake news by John
Ralston and and and and Rachel Maddow
gave him a platform to do it and then
when he wouldn't he
they got challenged on their fact free
reporting by a Bernie Sanders activist
on the air she said well you guys should
have a beer and work it out yes what the
 you gas lighting tool that's what
Rachel Maddow is a gas lighting
tool and she's happy to do it she's
happy to do it she her whole role show
is from start to finish
she became what Sean Hannity used to be
I mean what chief he came to the news
Sean Hannity oh absolutely
her whole show Sean Hannity's whole show
used to be Barack Obama's a he's from
Kenya he's a socialist he's a communist
he did dry I was every whatever that's
Rachel Maddow snow show right now and
it's fact free if you don't like
the president
here's your catnip yeah here's your cat
we aren't gonna critically think about
any issues we're not gonna talk about
policy we're not going to explore what
brought us to this point cuz I'm
benefiting from the status quo but
here's your I don't like the president
catnip and that's what it takes to get a
number one spot Ron we saw at the Paley
podcast festival at a stand-up show
there a female comedian who we all I
like yeah I was there I like and she
went up and she did exactly what you
just said please oh please Rick I just
watched Rachel Maddow just tell me
something bad about Trump literally what
you just said like she didn't realize
like oh I should be skeptical of I
shouldn't need that and you know it
was just and it wit which prompted me to
go up and do all that about bro
go Baba after that and it got huge
applause hmm which I wasn't gonna do
that you know um yeah it was a
podcast festival yeah these are people
who know there are choices yes and shy
away from that stuff yes yes
yeah these yes your that's such a great
point of point that you make that yeah
the people there are people who are
listening to podcasts so they know that
there's things outside the establishment
media to listen to yes said
comedian asked hey who's into Rachel
Maddow and nobody clapping yes I wasn't
there oh I don't remember that part she
said who would she I mean I don't know
if I'm quoting it verbatim but yeah she
basically said like yeah Rachel Maddow
who's into Rachel Maddow and like two
people clap so yeah they're not the
these are people that love alternative
media yeah this because they know the
establish the corporate corporate news
had a podcast festival who watch the
corporate news elects it no not a lot so
this new media conference who's into ham
radios huh ham right where my ham radio
people at so thank God for Aaron but a
putting that out that tweet and you know
just again you need any more proof that
they are stenographers doing propaganda
at MSNBC there it is there's more of it
I hope you enjoy it hey please make sure
you subscribed even if you think you are
you probably are it only takes a second
to check and then click that Bell to
make sure you get a notice every time we
drop a video they won't they won't tell
you every time anyway but it's the only
thing we can do to fight back against
the bastard so please make sure you're
subscribed and click that bell and our
next live show is July 15th in Chicago
and after that July 27th in Burbank
California a special guest on that show
Abby Martin and if you could become a
patron that would be fantastic we give
you hours of bonus material every week
thanks for your support
you
