everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i'm here it's ron pleco howdy howdy
Jimmy so I grew up Catholic
Ron you grew up Catholic I did yes my
parents were really Catholic my parents
are really Catholic like they almost
molested somebody mine were Buffay
Catholics yeah yeah they they would pick
and choose you know what they subscribe
to him what they didn't yeah my parents
were all the way they wanted the mass to
go back to Latin that's how bad oh wow
so you know the the Catholics covered up
child rape for a long time because their
moral systematic covering up of child
rape and that's what the Catholics did
so you know and everybody's screaming
about how this new Pope's a great new
pope he's still a religious nut
and I don't trust anybody who wears
their religion on their sleep I just
don't
and it's well here's why he went to
Chile and there's a victims of child
molestation by Catholic priests and the
bishop covered up for him which happens
all everywhere the bishops cover up and
so the Pope goes there and the Pope
accuses the clergy sex abuse victims of
slandering the bishop could there be a
dumber more tone-deaf thing to say no
turns out no turns out no here's here's
some of the article from the HuffPo
Chilean sex abuse victims of a pedophile
priests were stunned Thursday when Pope
Francis accused them of slander
it's the Pope's visit to Chile was
supposed to begin a healing process
between the Catholic Church and the
victims of Reverend Fernando Khurana MA
who's a big toucher big big child touch
her abused her sexual assault her
instead
Francis accused the victims of
slandering a bishop they claimed had
protected the priest
so again there's this idea that this
this Pope is fantastic is again we're
getting a little over out in front of
our skis at least one of korah Damas
victims said the bishop Juan barrows
watched while he was abused Wow Wow so
right there he's saying that the
parishioners who were molested by
priests and then covered up by the
British yup he's saying right there that
they're slandering the bishop that's
what the Pope is saying so he's
defending someone who covered up for a
child for a pedophile that's what that
is that's disgusting that's disgusting
like there's no doubt that this happened
it's not a doubt that this happened
[Music]
oona calumny Camello confirm of con
nuestro Boogaloo la puta seond una chief
also a toda y no podemos acceptable el
papa Francisco s opportunity Ron
oportunidad la cuchara la comunidad sorr
no ya tiene Somoza film a lo que lo
visto Varro
Abhiyan Cuvier toh loss abussos de
Karima compromise a la veta with proof
of seeing them which we have delivered
for years so those are people directly
contradicting the Pope directly
contradicting him he said when there's
evidence I'll talk about it but it's no
evidence I've been presented they said
they've been giving it to him for years
I'm gonna say the Pope is lying I'm
gonna say the Pope is doing what all
Pope's did before him what bishops do
all the time
they cover for pedophiles because
they're inside their group and they
which continues the abuse of kids which
is what the Catholic Church did as
systematically that's not this isn't up
for debate well to be fair Jimmy I mean
I do understand that the Pope has a bit
of a conflict of interest due to the
teaching of the church I mean remember
the parable in the Bible where Jesus
wagged his finger at the most powerless
among them and said do not slander the
religious hierarchy remember that one no
I don't remember that one Ron it may be
there you know not any of the editions I
don't think no naughty not even in the
Gideon Bible I don't think that they put
the Pope waxes finger at the least
powerful and says don't slander
religious people religious hierarchy by
the way so there's a little bit more to
this the annuals and pig out
multiple parishioners accuse the
Reverend Roca backer of sexual assault
[Music]
the church sentenced him get this so he
didn't go to jail he didn't go to jail
or anything you know what the church did
they sentenced him to a lifetime of
penance and prayer I mean that's usually
what happens is that if they have to
remove them from somewhere which
typically they will they'll either just
send them to a different parish which is
what they norwich is what they normally
to go poori on more kids do exactly or
they send them to like some kind of
light sort of sanctuary you live like a
like they're still being housed in some
vacation place pretty much where they
have servants and stuff people cook them
dinner and clean their laundry for them
and all that stuff yep yep that's how
the Catholics roll baby
there we go this a little bit more
[Music]
statute of limitations bureaucracy
conferencia a nuestra casa en nuestra
lucha que la Via Dolorosa asado so there
you go there there's people speaking out
against him right there saying what the
Pope's doing is horrible and it's
unacceptable and so there you go there's
your Pope Francis defending child rapist
wagging his finger at kids who were
raped by priests that's what he's doing
he's wagging his finger at those people
say don't you slander the church the
church that protected child sexual
abusers yeah over and over again - by
the way I mean there's been so much
documentation on this day that there's a
series on Netflix right now called the
keepers that'll be yeah yeah you know by
the time I was done with it I wanted to
throw something at the screen I was so
mad yeah I can't watch it okay it's hard
oh it's hard it's hard I did make it
through the whole thing but it's it's
hard to watch it's well it's because as
people who are in the Catholic Church
and perspectives close to Jesus there
your protector of the least amongst us
what they're really doing is protecting
child rapers literally that's what the
church did systematically protected
child rapers and
the Pope's didn't go to jail bishops
didn't go to jail which they all should
be in jail and here he is areas wagging
his finger at victims of the church's
sex rapers that's what he's doing so if
you you know I've always been skeptical
of Pope Francis and the people who line
up to kiss his ass he's still ahead of a
patriarchal thing that excludes women I
don't know if you know no women in
leadership that's all totally misogynist
I don't know would you say misogynistic
or a chauvinistic that's it mm-hmm
totally chauvinistic
organization the guys running totally no
women allowed oh you can be our servants
and what-have-you but you can't be
making decisions and mm-hmm no no weed
that we have child rapers to do that
well son I mean the only thing that
makes Pope Francis different is that he
talks nicer typically not here yeah but
typically he talks a lot nicer than the
other Pope's but you know I mean actions
speak a lot the brocco bomb of Pope's
that's actually an excellent analogy
yeah I would say that's very horrible
policies yet talks nicer mm-hmm that's
the Barack Obama of popes so there you
go Catholic Church still a what would he
call it a child rape or organization you
know they're still that's still going on
you know that's still going on and you
know it's still being covered up well
yet what do you think Ron do you think
there's no more child raping happening
in the Catholic Church no I absolutely
think it's going on and yeah I mean it
still goes and you hear about more and
more there's more and more documentaries
coming I mean it's to the point where
they have to air commercials on CNN to
try to get people to come back have you
ever seen no no you never see it's kind
of funny how a Catholic Church is
playing Catholics come home thing where
they're like hey if you if you're if
you're in a strange Catholic and you
want to come back man we really miss you
so come on back and I've always felt
like emailing kind of like a list of
demands like here's what here's what it
would take for me to come back but I
think we thought one of those
commercials Ron was talking about let's
see if this is it our families made
of every race we are young and old rich
and poor men and women sinners and
saints our family is spanned the
centuries and the globe with God's grace
we started hospitals to care for the
sick we establish orphanages so our
child rapers could have easy access and
then our bishops will cover up for them
and the Pope will wag his finger at you
for breaking it up we are young and old
but more old than anything else that's
why we really need you to come home we
want your money all these not taxes
aren't gonna pay themselves poor we are
the largest charitable organization on
the planet bringing the relief and
comfort to those in need you know they
get the new I know New York they would
get the Catholic Church got billions of
dollars from the government to do
charity mm-hmm George Bush started that
thing where they would give money right
to churches and stuff the Catholic
Church cashes in on that baby they get
lots of money from the government so
when they can oh where where the biggest
charity just for keep that in mind they
get lots to do from the I know from the
US government we educate more children
than any other scholarly or religious
institution we developed the scientific
method and laws of evidence you believe
in an Invisible Man in the sky cut it
out I'm not cheating on spirituality but
to take religion at face value is kind
of anti intellectual not even kind of
it's anti intellectual really there's an
invisible man in the sky who's watching
over you like what you do what does he
Santa it's such a sophomoric view of
spirituality and I'm not against
spirituality but I am against people
taking two thousand-year-old cartoons
and pretending that they're literally
true they're not literally true Mary
wasn't a freaking virgin Jesus the God
didn't come down and impregnate her
Jesus Christ we founded the college
system
we defend the dignity of all human works
you know unless one of our priests raped
you and then we're gonna defend the
bishop who defended the priest if there
if there was ever an unborn kid who was
molested we would still stand with the
priest hold a marriage and family cities
were named after our revered saints who
navigated a sacred path before us
guided by I like to pick the Saint with
the sword then that nice ah look I love
her you gotta do some killin if you love
Jesus that was funny I went to a school
of a warrior Saint oh really my grade
school was st. Maurice yeah and he's a
warrior it was a fighter yeah I will get
a spear I went to grammar school was Our
Lady of the snows and my high school was
st. Lawrence and the st. Lawrence
Vikings we were Vikings in high school
was the Vikings too no kidding
we're very creative in the Midwest
goodbye games Vikings always on the top
of the pile hmm that was our fight song
nice
biron who compiled the Bible we are
transformed by Sacred Scripture and
sacred tradition which have consistently
guided us for 2,000 years we are and it
guided you to cover up child rape
systematically is that what it did
because that's what it did all that all
that piety and sacredness and all the
incense burning in the smoke and the
costumes which you guys have beautiful
costumes and all the stained-glass
windows and all the kids none of that
helped you to protect the most
vulnerable people in the world children
who are being raped
you turned your head and you protected
the people doing the raping and there
ain't no freaking saccharine commercial
that's ever gonna pave over that okay
as far as I'm concerned the Catholic
Church has never ever made amends for
that and they never will now the Pope's
back to shaming the victims the cast
sharing in the sacraments and fullness
of the Christian faith for centuries we
have prayed for you and our words every
hour we prayed for you as we've as the
Pope flies around on a helicopter to his
mansion in his red ruby slippers we
prayed for you though I know you guys
needed condoms and stuff we're still
against then don't care if you get AIDS
day whenever we celebrate the mass Jesus
himself laid the foundation for our
faith when he said to Peter the first
pope you were rocked and upon this rock
I will build my church for over two
thousand years we've had an unbroken
line of shepherds just dudes no women
isn't that weird
for mm yeah Jesus said I want no chicks
ever know chicks ever it was like it was
like he was an arguing with Spanky and
alfalfa and they want no girls club
would I know the official like what the
mental gymnastics explanation they give
for why women can't be priests can I
guess no yeah yeah yeah well what I was
told when I was a kid the
excuse I was given by the Catholics was
that Jesus to pick Twelve Apostles and
they were all men okay and so that's
we're just following Jesus example
obviously Jesus doesn't like chicks
that's what that's what they would tell
us go ahead so what I would I have been
told is that it's because during the
Eucharist ceremony when you get the
communion because Jesus is a guy you
know Jesus comes into the communion
light like he is there like that's where
the whole eat my body drink my blood
thing that's totally not creepy it all
came from and so because Jesus was a
male they need him to transfer through a
male like it has to be like basically
the priestess like the host for like the
Samba to come in and then go into the
you so the hocus-pocus doesn't work if
it's a girl you need the hocus pocus you
need a dude and then transfer with the
monkey's paw and then you wave it over
the smoke and the incense with three
straws from the yeah they say something
into a mirror then they come out and
then you eat the wafer
wafer and then somehow it's gotta be
isn't that called tranced a mutation or
some serious transfigured notes and
substrate there's a thing they literally
the Catholics believe that when you eat
that host that's literally the body of
Jesus and the wine is the budget not
symbols that literally turns into it in
that NASA transfer through a car it's
called trans something stab you tation
or some goofy name that they have for it
yeah but it makes it sound scientific
what it's just completely magic needham
 yes and when somebody actually
sits down and explains it to you it
sounds even crazier yeah you will have a
blank look on your face and wonder how
they dress themselves in the morning
well you see how they dress them so you
see how those prestress themselves you
just put it over your head it's like
it's that hard they don't have to match
it up they don't have to button even
just write it right over so it's good to
see the Pope revealing his true colors
as of all heads of religions guys full
of it and you know you really cared
about the poor maybe you sell your gold
toilet I like that he drives in a Ford
Focus though that's nice that he does
that but it would be nice if he sold his
gold toilet yeah that could help we're
like one of those I think those outfits
are worth like millions of dollars a
piece I'm sure a piece if he wanted to
do some charity to what the Pope should
do he should have a telethon and he
should sign some of his clothes or
whatever and I'll give it away huh I bet
she'd raise billions of dollars I'll
sign it how much we're gonna go feed
people you know only cost twenty billion
dollars and homelessness in the United
States and a bunch and and a very
manageable number to end hunger in the
world it's not that big it's probably
less money than Jeff Bezos said it is
that less money then Jeff Bezos said
Jeff Bezos can end hunger and in
homelessness they don't but next time he
sends out a tweet asking for ideas we
yeah one out there could end
homelessness and I mean why why if I was
Jeff Bezos I would spend if I had a
hundred billion dollars I would spend
ninety nine billion nine hundred and
fifty million dollars on helping poor
people mm-hmm and I would say 50 million
for myself how
I get by on that I don't know I don't
know how how does someone get by on
fifty million dollars a sacrifice here
and there but you get through but you
know I ended IND the hunger in the world
and homelessness in the United States so
I guess that's what the reward I get is
I just get left over with fifty million
dollars so that's how screwed up our
system is I don't know how I got into ou
cuz the Catholics cuz the Pope doesn't
really he's not gonna sell any of that
stuff all right there you go now you
know the rest of the story and when you
go to church this Sunday why don't you
ask your priests hey why is the Pope
such a dick please make sure you
subscribed
a guy today told us he was unsubscribed
from our show four times four times the
new record so it's a new record so
please make sure check to make sure
you're subscribed I'm not kidding it's a
big deal and it's Google right now I'm
telling you right now YouTube this is
happening you go back and look at some
of MSNBC's videos from two years ago
they have 3,000 views 4,000 views you
look at their videos now they have a
million views two million views and
that's because Google and YouTube wants
you to watch them and not us
because it's very safe they can
advertise on them they can put them in
their skinny bundles they'd rather get
rid of independent news for lots of
reasons one of which CIA influenced the
CIA tells or the government meaningless
3re tells Facebook and Twitter who's
whose account we're gonna do a video
about that whose accounts they want to
close down and they do it so right now
they don't want you watching this they
would rather have you watch MSNBC's
videos or cnn's videos people are
getting subscribed to MSNBC's videos
they never subscribed that is happening
so please make sure you're subscribed
even if you think you are checked they
probably unsubscribed you and click that
belt they're supposed to send you a
notice when we drop a video a lot of
people say they don't but please make
sure you click the bell anyway and our
next live show is February 16th that's a
Friday night in Burbank California or if
you become a patron that's a great way
to help support the show we give you
lots of extra bonus
content every week thanks for your
support
[Music]
