hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and ron flick own hello hello um you got
a vote democrat what you got a vote
democrat because Trump and the
Republicans are horrible and they're
gonna deregulate Wall Street and that's
what's you know that's the problem with
the here's what's roll Cano says rock'n
roll Cano says why are there 12
Democrats working with Republicans to
roll back the financial regulations that
were put in place after the financial
crisis have they forgotten about how
reckless Wall Street greed ruined the
lives of million Americans no they have
not forgotten that's they have they they
had they never gave a row that's
your party that's your party so this is
from political the heart there so
there's a bill that the Democrats have
signed onto there's 12 Democrats as row
pointed out signed on to by the way
Hillary Clinton's vice president one of
them Tim Kaine ah and the heart of the
bill is to take 30 so what they want to
do is right now dodd-frank the
regulations that are in dodd-frank which
by the way everyone says is very weak
anyway the regulations in dodd-frank
apply to any bank with 50 billion
dollars of capital or more so what this
bill would do is raise the threshold for
that dodd-frank to apply to banks 250
billion dollars capitalized or more
so that's whew that's a big difference
and according to this the heart of this
bill is to take 30 of the 40 biggest
banks in this country off the watchlist
so they can load up on risks again if
the thing and if things go wrong put the
American taxpayer back on the hook so
what they're doing is 30 of the biggest
30 of the biggest 40 banks in the
country are now under those regulations
so they want to raise the threshold to
250 billion which would then take 30 of
those banks off it and now they could go
back to being casinos again so this
is just a bipartisan effort to help
small businesses so remember countrywide
she said this is Elizabeth Warren
talking about this she says remember
countrywide referring to the mortgage
lender that became synonymous with the
crisis it was about 200 it was about 200
billion meaning country rides assets
were about their cap lines at 200
billion dollars which is smaller than
some of the banks that will be
deregulated by this bill so she's saying
that one of the biggest most egregious
mortgage lenders that became synonymous
with the crisis countrywide would now be
released from Dodd company of that size
would now be released with the
dodd-frank regulation under this new
bill so in other words I would no longer
have protections correct but it's just a
bipartisan effort to reward good
behavior Florence said the issue is
whether or not senators are on the side
of protecting the economy and taxpayers
or on the side of giant banks do we have
to think about it so here are the
Democrats so are the Democrats
co-sponsors of this bill Senator Joe
Donnelly from Indiana he's a Democrat
senator Heitkamp she's she's a Democrat
from North Dakota senator Jon Tester
he's a Democrat from Montana why would
people in Montana who voted for a
Democrat want less regulations on the
banks they don't they don't Senator Mark
Warner from Democrat from Virginia
Senator Claire McCaskill Democrat from
Missouri Senator Joe Manchin Democrat
from West Virginia senator Tim Kaine
senator Tim frickin Kaine and he's in
that a quartet right there mmm
Warner McCaskill Manchin and Tim Kaine
and Tim Kaine that's a dinner party I'd
say no thanks to senator Peters from
from Michigan he's a Democrat senator
Bennet Michael F Bennet Democrat from
Colorado senator Coons Christopher Coons
Democrat from Delaware Senator Tom
carper he's Rhode Island then we do
drumroll for the last thing I'm sorry
Delaware mm-hmm and the last one are you
ready and Democrat from Alabama Senator
Doug Jones who just got elected because
the poorest black people in the state
came out to support him and he just
stuck it in their asses so here's how
one attack this is how Twitter helped
you so this guy points this out Chad
bolt he points out the the Democrats are
supporting this bill and the CBO scored
it and I went and I went and read the
CBO score and this guy summarizes it
very well he said it increases the
likelihood of bank failure plus taxpayer
bailouts that's what this bill will do
according to the CBO it will increase
likelihood of bank failure and taxpayer
bailouts it helps the biggest banks
including the 250 billion plus maybe
city and JP Morgan and it adds six
hundred and seventy million to the
deficit and all those Democrats should
be voted out of office no I think yes I
think city of JPMorgan are a little
bigger and so they wouldn't be directly
helped by this they're bigger than two
hundred fifty billion but any bank under
250 billion no longer has to abide and
those are huge 30 of the biggest 40
banks in the country yeah I think that
whenever a CBO score happens for
anything pretty much all politicians
just read it like this ah so now here is
angel Badillo
but Padilla I don't know if you
pronounce it that way I'm guessing he is
from indivisible that indivisible which
now there's local chapters of
indivisible that suck hard right
like the one in debbie Wasserman
Schultz's district but overall they're
supposed to be the resistance
indivisible whatever in there dude so
that he's doing good work here
so I'm gonna tip of the hat to this guy
angel Padilla doing this he's doing good
work he says the Senate has begun
considering the
bank lobbyist Act which will make it
more likely that we have a repeat of the
2008 financial crisis this is a core
part of the Republican agenda siding
with big banks corporations and the
wealthy at the expense of the rest of us
Mitch McConnell Republicans and Donald
Trump don't care about of the enormous
risk this creates for our country and
for American families that's not
surprising what is surprising is that
the Democrats are pushing the bank
lobbyists act over the finish line come
on is it surprising is it surprising not
to me we're seeing something that we
often see from Democratic leadership
that might only be obvious to you if
you've worked on the hill or have
covered the hill Democratic leadership
might be ostensibly opposed to this bill
because Chuck Schumer is probably gonna
vote against it but he's letting this
bill pass Chuck Schumer is letting this
bill pass and here's how ready Democrats
are in the minority but they have tools
that they can use to stop or at least
slow down this bill the first is to vote
on the motion to proceed which has a
60-vote threshold that means that
McConnell needs at least 10 Democrats to
move on to this bill so to get this bill
moving forward and voted on he's needs
10 Democrats to go along with them Mitch
McConnell does the MTP is where the
powerful Minority Leader could stop a
bill they didn't like so the motion to
proceed is where a powerful Minority
Leader could stop a bill they didn't
like if they wanted to
in this case Senator Schumer could ask
his caucus to vote against the motion to
proceed and this would all be over just
like that he's the leader he says this
is what we're doing vote against the
motion to proceed but he's not asking
Democrats to vote against the motion to
proceed the question is why not
there are only two explanations each
equally damning first is that Schumer
doesn't have control over his caucus
which is a bad place to be if you really
want to be the majority leader it means
that he can't ask for Democrats to vote
against it because he knows he'll ignore
him that's the first possibility he has
have any control over people which is
horrible
second is that Senator Schumer not so
secretly wants this bill to pass he'll
vote against it to provide cover for
himself but he'll do nothing to stop it
from moving forward this is the most
likely explanation so Chuck Schumer
actually wants this to pass he knows he
could stop it if he wanted so he tells
his Wall Street pals I'm gonna vote
against it but you know you don't need
my vote I'm gonna allow the other
corporate Democrats and red states to
vote for it so it's all gonna pass we're
gonna get it done but I get to pretend
like I'm on the side of the people Chuck
Schumer piece of fighter against
the people I'm gonna go with option C on
this one actually I think it's all of
the above I think it's that idea well
angel angel Padilla says and to be clear
Schumer won't even ask Democrats to will
hold their votes on the motion to
proceed as leverage to ensure that
democratic amendments including an
amendment to prevent racial
discrimination and lending get a vote
he's not even gonna do that this is
awesome right on the heels of daca this
is awesome again go watch one of those
lefty shows that wags their finger at
the voter and people like me for not
supporting Democrats go ahead if you
like if that's what you think go go I
don't even know what the you're
doing here so why would Schumer do this
he's making the calculation that this
bill brings him closer to becoming
Majority Leader that the bill allows
moderate Democrats to raise campaign
money from big banks plus it helps you
cure their loyalty to him
and there's your resistance
selling out the American people at every
turn do you see why you can't vote for
Democrats do you see why was important
not to vote for Hillary Clinton and send
a message do you see why it was
important to vote for a third party do
you see why now it was important to vote
for a third party because things are
only gonna get worse and when the
economy crashes again they won't have
the tools to fix it next time and then
we're gonna get a real right-wing
demigod who knows what he's
doing and not some guy who shoots
himself in the dick three times before
he gets out of bed like Donald Trump
Donald Trump is a gift
he's a nincompoop gift except the
Democrats are in bed with them the
Democrats are in bed with Trump the
Democratic leadership is in bed with
Trump the Democratic leadership is in
bed with Trump think about that next
time somebody wags their finger at a
Russian troll think about that the next
time somebody says the reason why we
can't have nice things
is because of Bernie Sanders and Jill
Stein think about that the Democrats
already went along with an extra eighty
billion dollars a year and in Pentagon
spending that nobody wants without any
debate and now they're gonna deregulate
Wall Street they're in bed with Trump
the Democratic leadership in bed with
Trump and people's people wag their
finger at me people are angry at me
someone with no money and no power and
still and still watch shows that give
court cover to this kind of
is there anything else to say about this
do what I mean I could this is it only
gets worse for the Democrats wherewhere
is Tom Perez today wherewhere is worse
but we got a buck up still well who was
the guy who told me to be Ellison hey
Keith Ellison do I still have to buck up
or are you finally gonna call out your
own goddamn party for being
corrupt hey Keith Ellison you finally
gonna call out your own party for being
corrupt your own party for giving us
Donald Trump you gonna maybe do that
ever
you're gonna maybe address the
rigged primary that gave us Donald Trump
Keith Ellison are you gonna keep telling
us to buck up this is your Democratic
Party this is your Democratic Party and
they're gonna try and push Hillary
Clinton and Tim Kaine on you
again and if it ain't them it's gonna be
someone just like them Cory Booker or
Kamala Harris or someone even
worse so I don't know I guess like I'm
gonna guess all the people who wag their
finger at me for voting for the greens
for a green new deal I bet they'll a bit
that they were wrong now right Ron
forgot you think they'll bit a minute
well I don't know I mean according to
Debbie wasserman-schultz umer might be
doing this for leverage that he can cash
in later in the year 20 never yeah he's
well now they have the ability for
momentum right that's right the momentum
they've the ability for momentum of
course that's what Debbie said so they
won't even stand up when they're
supposed to they won't again and if
Hillary was president she'd be doing the
exact goddamn thing I get things done
yes shitty right-wing things done
Hillary Clinton who voted for the Iraq
war did Libya voted to extend voted to
increase interest rates on credit cards
for poor people a 35% that's Hillary
Clinton so this is the prop this is why
we have Trump this is the problem this
is the problem this
why we have Trump it's not because of
Twitter bots it's not because of emails
it's not because of guys like Jimmy Dore
or someone else with no money and no
power it's because the powerful are
colluding against you and then they get
their useful idiots in the lefty press
to do cover for them so if I got a
chance to go on MSNBC I would be
screaming about Chuck Schumer getting in
bed with Donald Trump in the Democratic
leadership being in bed with the
military industrial complex and Donald
Trump that's what I would talk about if
I ever got a chance to go on MSNBC now
if you know someone who does maybe you
encourage them to do that I don't get a
chance to go on MSNBC because they're
afraid of me and if you see a
progressive on MSNBC it's because
they're not afraid of them they don't
let real progressives on MSNBC they fire
they got rid of junk yogurt they get rid
of Phil Donahue they got rid of Ed
Schultz they get rid of Ashley Banfield
the only time they brought on Josh Fox
was the Wagner finger at him they don't
bring on Thomas Frank anymore they don't
bring on anybody who tells the truth
about the left which is why I don't get
invited on Jake huger doesn't get
invited on Ron and Steph don't get
invited on real progressives don't get
invited on MSNBC but if I did but if I
was a real if I was invited I would I
would bring this up no matter what
question that was asked no matter what
the segment was about I would talk about
the Democrats being in bed with the
military industrial complex and wall
street and that's why we have Trump and
because Chris Hayes gave an empty podium
to Trump his whole show he showed us an
empty podium while he on Bernie
Sanders I would also bring that up
that's why they'll never bring me on
Chris Hayes invited Randy critical on a
show and immediately rescinded the
invitation because he's a
weakling Chris Hayes is a corporate
bought talk about corporate capture of
that guy's brain
he's a he's a backs union reporter who's
in bed with the neoliberals you wouldn't
even know about West Virginia okay I'm
done I guess I can talk about this all
day you know me I could talk about MSNBC
how up the Democrats are and how
bad the left is because that's what's
got to change the Republicans have
always been horrible the Democrats have
always been horrible too by the way in
my lifetime since since I don't know
I mean LBJ he gave us Medicare he did
the Civil Rights three million Southeast
Asians had to die for that he had to do
that for the military-industrial complex
to give us Medicare and civil rights so
here we are now you know so why would
Schumer do this because he's your enemy
because he's not on board with workers
because he's in bed with Wall Street
because he's a megalomaniac narcissistic
prick who doesn't care about you that's
why and they don't want to hear this and
that's why they're throttling shows like
this that's why they unsubscribe people
every day by the hundreds a song
subscribe people from our show so please
make sure you're subscribed to our show
and come see our live show November no
March 26 we added a second show in
Austin that's a Monday night we added a
second show in Austin also March 30th
we're in Burbank California that's a
Friday night go to jimmy dore comedy
comm there's a link for tickets right
over there we'll see you there thanks
for your support and we're also on steam
it I don't know what that is but go
there's a link go ceiling steam it
[Music]
