everybody walked with a jimmy dore show
i'm here at the miserable liberal and
ron paconne hello i'm miserable so i
want to talk to you about jerry jeremy
corbyn's response to the alleged russian
nerve agent attack on our russian spy
that just happened in the UK so here's
how the here's hairs how I showed this
before another video here's it hearings
again here's our NBC reporter sergey
skripnikov former russian spy was
poisoned with military nerve agent he
and his daughter seriously ill it is
highly likely that russia was
responsible British Prime Minister
Theresa May giving Russia a deadline
midnight tonight
for answers president Trump backing
Britain threatening consequences it
sounds to me like it would be Russia
based at all of the evidence they have
Russia's foreign minister says that's
garbage
it won't heed any deadline and want
samples of the nerve agent used the
crisis deepening Britain ready to expel
Russian diplomats and to impose new
sanctions bill neely NBC News London
okay so there you go
Jeremy Corbyn responded to that and
here's how he responded he said the
attack in Salisbury was an appalling act
of violence which we condemn in the
strongest terms nerve agents are
abominable if used in war it is utterly
reckless for them to be used in a
civilian environment the Prime Minister
said on Monday and again today that
Russia was either directly responsible
or it was culpable because it lost
control of this nerve agent the Russian
authorities must be held to account on
the basis of evidence emphasis mine on
the basis of evidence and our response
must be both decisis decisive and
proportionate boy it sounds like he's I
don't know being like a rational
diplomat
it's like he's being a real statesman
like he's like he's trying to be the
only thing we have to fear is fear
itself kind of a guy it sounds like
something a Putin puppet he's got more
to say he says the attack in Britain has
concerned our allies in the European
Union NATO and in the United States and
their words of solidarity hipster
in our positions diplomatically why does
everyone care if a Russian spy got
killed that's my first question who
cares that's that so I'm missing
something let me know what it is in the
comments why people would care about
this secondly here we go we have a duty
to speak out against the abuse of human
rights by Putin's government and its
support both home and abroad and paid
tribute to the many campaigners in
Russia for human rights and we must do
more to address the dangers posed by the
Russian States relationship with
unofficial mafia-like groups and corrupt
oligarchs sounds pretty strong
everything he's saying we need to expose
the flows of ill-gotten cash between the
russian state and billionaires who
become stupendously rich by looting
their own country and subsequently using
London to protect their wealth we
welcomed the Prime Minister's clear
commitment today to support the majangs
Magnitsky Act the McNinch see amendments
to sanction human rights abusers so we
have as we have long been calling for
Britain should build an international
consensus to strengthen the Chemical
Weapons Convention and ensure that such
a horrific attack never happens again
now that sounds pretty clear headed
pretty strong and exactly what a
statesman would say right wait a little
if we're gonna do something it's got to
be based on evidence based on evidence
and that the appropriate parties are
held responsible and the offenders are
are the the things we're trying to
prevent and that our prayer and our
response is proportionate proportionate
use another key word he's so reasonable
it makes me uncomfortable does well it
makes a lot of people uncomfortable
stuff and a who do you want to who else
here you go this is astonishing Corbin's
response to a statesman like Theresa May
sounds like it was written by Putin
himself
so do you see that there's nothing you
can ever do on the left that's gonna
stop red smearing so when Bernie Sanders
staff tweets out all that
Russia Gaede stuff that's not gonna help
you they still gonna call you a Putin
puppet they do it right now they're
doing it right now
and look what they're doing the Corben
they're doing that right now so no
matter what he says he's a Putin pup but
that's the new thing that's how the
establishment is trying to Silas
progressives peer and across the pond
and they're doing it for your own good
not a single word of condemnation for
Russia from Corbin or on the Salisbury
attack in the Commons now instead
calling for dialogue instead questions
Tory donations shouts of are you saying
this for a clip on Russia today that's a
guy named Greg hands
he's a Tory Michael Tracy tweets that
and says again the story line of attack
on Corbin is virtually identical to the
mainstream Democratic attack on Trump
what does that tell you about the
premise the premises that underlie the
criticism I disagree with Michael
Tracy's analysis because over in the UK
they know that the Tories are the right
wing party ah and here we don't know the
Democrats are wetlands right yeah well
labour used to be pretty right-wing
until Jeremy Corbyn took it over and I
guess that's what Bernie Sanders things
can happen here is that he can take it
over the way Jeremy Corbyn took it over
remember there's more than two parties
in the UK yep so just remember that so
what do you what do you what does that
tell you about the premises that
underlie the criticism what what is it
does it tell I don't I don't know I
would like to that we should have called
Michael Tracy and got his opinion on
this what what is what is what it tells
me is that as propaganda it's the
establishment trying to marginalize
progressives this is also the
establishment attacking Trump from the
right
so it tells me that these premises that
underlie these criticisms are BS that's
what that tells me that the premises
that underlie these criticisms are BS
the Tauri line of attack on Corbin is
virtually identical to the mainstream
Democratic attack on Trump that trumps
somehow in bed with Putin I think
somebody needs to retweet that Marcos
guy and call him a Putin puppet right so
like you just said it sounds like Putin
wrote it himself
I read your me Corbin's thing and it
seems very well-spoken and reasonable so
you must love Putin he must think yeah
you are you saying it's well-written you
saying Putin does some good writing is
that saying you're complimenting Putin
you're saying Putin's very reasonable
and responds appropriately here's
another one a glaring omission Jeremy
Corbyn refused to even once directly
condemn the Russian government for the
Salisbury attack in his response to the
Prime Minister this will haunt him
labour would perform better on these
issues if Corbin got rid of his two
advisers whose whole approach to
international affairs can be boiled down
to Putin has a point this is
unbelievable right so people just get to
right this is so me being in this world
this political world for the sense I
don't know 2008/9 when I got my radio
show on KPFK my hour special on Comedy
Central which was political it's wild to
watch the newspapers they just can say
they just did it to me they just
somebody just wrote an article in some
corporatist Democrat rag saying that I
was Pro I was Pro working with racists
or something like that
I was Pro which I actually said the
opposite I actually said that I don't I
don't endorse that tactic of working
with racists I don't endorse that tactic
and they just said the exact opposite so
you saw I just read you Jeremy Corbett's
thing and they just said the exact
opposite of what he said yeah yeah they
did so here is um so here is some tweets
that I thought were interesting in that
same thread
so what does this tell you to mr. Tracy
this guy says it tells me that the CIA
has all its ducks in place trying to
stop the progressive wave that's what
Billy Joe Kane says Jay Nelson says the
premise is that the lack of real
evidence tying the poisoning to the
Russian government doesn't matter anyone
that doesn't jump to conclusions is a
Russian simple sympathizer we need to
hold the authorities accountable on the
basis of evidence yeah
no no what I think what more do you know
I know he's agreeing with us no no I
know he's green but I'm just saying it's
like how how did you how do you conclude
that means Putin has a point so that's
just yes so this is well brought will
run what this is this is part of that
Bernie's a sexist hmm Bernie's uh what
else did they say Bernie was he was
grumpy old man Bernie wore $800 suit
coat Bernie and this is what this is all
that right so Bernie's a racist I said
Bernie black people don't like Bernie
that's not true that polling shows the
exact opposite so that's that's what
this isn't just get ready for more of it
so anybody who's progressive I just got
it from the corporate Democrat brags
isn't that funny the exact opposite of
what I said so anyway anybody anybody
who's anti-war and progressive they're
gonna smear you and then you know then
if you answer the smear it just elevates
the smear so now more people will see it
so I don't really answer to smears like
that and unless it comes to the
Washington Post and then I'll I'll have
fun with it so I don't you can't if you
can't there's so many people lying about
what I say right now it's funny I can't
believe you know people say your show is
popular and then like I'm like it's kind
of popular you know we have three over
three hundred thousand subscribers The
Young Turks have three million right so
we do okay but then I can't believe all
the videos that people make articles
people write
completely slandering this show me and
saying that we said stuff we didn't
deceptively editing videos you've seen
that happen oh yeah about when I talked
with Joe Rogan people selectively not
showing the parts
that would exonerate me they have to own
it again so it's just so that's what
this is so you're a progressive
corporate Democrats and smear you I'm
getting smeared way more by corporate
Democrats in the right wing ever smeared
me we're all gonna be called Putin's
sympathizers on Twitter this week yes
all of all of our going to Oh week in
time stamp different parts in the video
where we're like we're waiting for
evidence they're not you know we're not
we're waiting for the property won't
matter so yeah the last time right the
last time this happened is when we
covered wheeler when he was tough when
wheeler was talking about the South
Ridge investigation as it was happening
and we said in that video we good we're
gonna wait for evidence
this is suspicious we're gonna wait for
evidence unlike the mainstream news
media same thing here everybody's
jumping to conclusions and if you don't
jump to a conclusion that Russia did it
then you're a Putin sympathizer even
though we know their intelligence
community has lied to us repeatedly
repeatedly the Iraq war torture okay
just keep those two things in mind we
don't have to go anywhere else so there
it is there you have it can I just add
something you know I was just doing a
cursory read about it so the spy that
was poison and his daughter he had been
a part of a spy swap that he was giving
to m16 I guess that's their Secret
Service mi6 mi6 mi6 too that was in 16
it looks like I'm sick okay mi6 so he
was giving information to them
eventually there was a swap and then
he's now in the UK what I didn't know is
this event happened at a restaurant that
they were poisoned at is that a
restaurant and what the Daily Mail UK
said that it's important to reiterate
that they have not declared it as a
terrorist incident at this stage which
is interesting interesting
additionally they that the advice from
public health in England remains that
based on the evidence to date currently
there doesn't appear to be any immediate
risk to the public so it's interesting
that they can conclude all of these
facts but still want to say that this is
because of Putin I mean it doesn't seem
like any facts any evidence is bearing
that it is Putin so like you're saying
we're waiting yeah so the responsible
thing to do if you're a real statesman
and you you wanted to actually get to
the bottom of something you would say
well we're gonna wait for an
investigation and then when the
investigation comes out that's when you
ratchet it up but that's not what's
happening again this is we got to go
into WMDs we got to go in Saddam's a bad
guy so Dom's a bad guy that's what this
is again oh serious odds a bad guy
there's bad guys everywhere you know
else is bad guys Saudi Arabia very bad
guy we're not invading them okay so um
so just so you know that's what's gonna
happen it's happening to Jeremy Corbyn
all the time we just showed you another
video where they tried to say he was in
bed with the Communists he was giving
secrets to the come ever that we showed
that video here so and it's gonna if as
soon as Bernie declares that he's
running again they're gonna come at him
so hard
meaning the corporate Democrats and
they'll do it in sneaky ways they're
gonna do it in sneaky ways they'll use
surrogates to attack them they'll get
their friends and the right-wing to
write articles it'll amplify them
they'll do all kinds of stuff like that
to screw over Bernie Sanders because
he's a progressive and now as Bernie
Sanders perfect by no means as Bernie
Sanders perfect nobody is Bernie Sanders
is the least flawed guy who has a chance
to become president that I know of he's
the least flawed he has flaws like
everybody and people go yeah but he's
got this flaw I know I'm not trying to
pretend Bernie Sanders doesn't have
flaws he could be better on a lot of
things right now he's the best on things
of anybody who's viable am I wrong about
that completely okay so I'm you know I'm
all you know so you I hope people I
think people who watch the show know my
position I'm for progressives no matter
where they are no matter when they run
I'm for progressives what do you think
about that
so so again the news this is the
establishment the establishment news
media this is the establishment in
intelligence community
this is neoliberalism all right that's
what I think this is and they want to
screw over progressives and it's not
stopping it's only ramping up and Jeremy
korma actually took over the party which
is why they can't stop attacking him
like this like over the top Bernie
doesn't have any power yet right now he
doesn't he's not in the head of the
party he's not so and but but believe me
as soon as it looks like he might be the
things gonna hit the fan for him this
they're gonna make this look like child
play don't you think oh yeah absolutely
March 26 is a Monday we're gonna be in
Austin Texas we'd love to see you March
26 March 30th is a Friday we'll be in
Burbank California we'd love to see you
then too
please make sure you can find a way to
support the show and stick a thumb in
the eye of the man make sure you're
subscribed I know you think you are
check it only takes a second to check
and then click that bell so you get a
notification when we drop a video please
become a patron we give you hours of
bonus material every week and we run
steam it we're steaming it right now
[Music]
