everybody walking with the Jimmy Dore
show I'm here with Ron flick own and
stuff said Morano yes
hey there de monetizing our whole show
so please buy a cuff mug and become a
premium member of our show or else we
won't have a show so thanks for doing
that because YouTube is coming after
independent news producers like crazy
they don't want us alright because they
have YouTube TV and that's what they
want you to do and there they're trying
to so stick with us I appreciate your
support and cuz guess what's happening
this was this is from the New York Times
and the New York Times is officially
funnier than the onion the Democratic
Party is wiped out on every level of
government because they got in bed with
Wall Street and people caught on and
they offer people nothing and so this
guy literally this guy who wrote this
op-ed his name is Douglas Shoen Douglas
Shoen was a Hillary Clinton supporter
adviser to her campaign in 2008 and to
Bill Clinton when he was in the White
House in the mid 90s he is what the
Democratic Party is and he wrote this
article and I was trying you know when I
do articles I try to figure out which
paragraphs to share cuz you can't read a
whole article you just want to get
bullet points to show you what it's
about this article
almost every paragraph reads like a
comedy sketch and so I'm gonna show you
the entire article so here we go here's
the first paragraph it's gonna be ready
here we go
many of the most prominent voices at the
Democratic Party led by Bernie Sanders
are advocating wealth redistribution
through higher taxes and Medicare for
all and demonizing banks and Wall Street
those bullies oh boy here he goes
advocating for Medicare for all and
demonizing the people who crashed our
economy and kick 5.1 million families
out of their houses huh I like those
things I like those things too memories
in politics and politics are short but
those policies are vastly different from
the program of the party's traditional
center-left coalition those policies are
vastly different Medicare for all is
vastly different what the f
well you look at the
sentence memories and politics are short
he's right and his memory and politics
only spans from 1992 to today exactly so
you remember Harry Truman's dream of
Medicare for all FDR's dream of Medicare
for or LBG who gave Medicare to senior
citizens
LBJ I said LBG yeah yeah I talked about
a short memory huh this is the mental
you're gonna watch the mental gymnastics
that these corporate Democrats have to
do to keep sucking corporate cash under
Bill Clinton the coalition balanced the
budget acknowledged the limits of
government acknowledged the limits of
government and protected the essential
program make up the social safety net no
you did it that's like a joke it's like
the opposite of what Bill Clinton did
Bill Clinton did NAFTA which killed the
unions in the United States so unions
very important institution that would be
one of those protected essential
programs unions you know what else Bill
Clinton did he got a gutted welfare at
the same time he exploded the prison
population so he took money out of
helping poor people and put it into
incarcerated for people which is exactly
what they did at the same time Bill
Clinton had a secret deal to privatize
Social Security Bill Clinton tried to
privatize Social Security did you know
that yes you did and you keep lying so
this is just Neal liberals this isn't
mental gymnastics this goes one step
further this is lying because Bill
Clinton did the exact opposite of that
and then he repealed the New Deal
banking legislations what's crash the
economy within ten years this isn't the
New York Times this is stuff that they
consider good enough to print President
Clinton did this in part by moving the
party away from a reflexive anti-wall
street posture wow that's that's quite a
phrase quite a phrase wow it's not
popular to say to say so today but there
are still compelling reasons Democrats
should strengthen ties to Wall Street
you know why it's not popular to say
that today mr. show and mr. looser
because you guys are losers because
you've been doing this strategy since
1992 and what did it get you nothing
you're wiped out at every level of
government and it's not like you're
losing to political geniuses you lost to
Donald Trump and George Bush two
of the biggest knuckleheads the
country's ever seen and you're wiped out
by Mitch McConnell in the Senate and
you're wiped out by Paul Ryan in the
house and you're wiped out at every
state house and every governorship
you're wiped out so that's why it's not
popular because becoming just like
Republicans has led to where you are and
what he's saying is do more of that
that's what we got to do I know Bernie
sounds good I don't want Democrats to
strengthen ties to Wall Street I want
them to strengthen protections yes
against walls that's what we're gonna
get to that stuff huh as the party has
left behind that version of liberalism
it has also found its way to its weakest
electoral position nationally and at the
state so he's saying because we left
behind that version we we left behind
what version the one where we
strengthened ties to Wall Street we
haven't left behind that version the
ties to Wall Street are stronger than
ever what the f are you talking about
he's acting like Bernie won
Bernie lost Hillary Clinton won we gave
those people a Wall Street friendly
corporatist
who was also a war monger and she lost
to a game show host
that's how done people are with this
idea but but Jimmy we need to strengthen
our ties to Wall Street because if
Hillary had more money she would have
beat him he spent way more than you as
the party has left behind that version
of liberalism it has also found its way
to its weakest electoral position
nationally at the state level since
night and he's trying to blaze
he just did a switcheroo you're trying
to protect we just got done with eight
years of Obama neoliberalism and before
that it was Bill Clinton's eight years
of neoliberalism when did we go to this
Bernie Sanders progressivism that we
what when did we leave behind our
corporatism in our ties to Wall Street
that hasn't happened and now the
Democrats because they have stayed
tied to Wall Street are at their weakest
point since 1929 and then what happened
after 1929 what happened so if you're at
your weakest point should you should you
get in bed further with Wall Street or
or should you fight Wall Street after a
major economic collapse where the where
the country sees what's going on which
would be your advice oh so a Clinton
advisors advice would be to get in bed
with Wall Street we're already a better
with Wall Street but guess a little bit
of a smarter to talk about short
memories there was a guy named FDR and
this is what he said in the 1930s about
Wall Street after remember the Democrats
are at their lowest point in history
[Applause]
[Applause]
number four in all our history have
these fathers being so you might in a
king one candidate as they stand today
they are unanimous in hate for me and he
said that Wall Street organized money is
united in their hatred for him and he
welcomed their hate and that of course
was a death definitely a just losing
electoral strategy because he only won
the presidency four times in a row they
had to pass a law that didn't allow
people to love this guy as much anymore
but after he died they said you are not
allowed to love the president as much as
you loved FDR anymore but what run oh I
was gonna say he did go to Wall Street
though and he said don't worry I have a
public position and a private one did he
not do that Yeah right
so that's FDR taking it to the banks and
they elected that guy president till he
died this guy this Clinton adviser
couldn't even beat Donald Trump who you
gonna listen to FDR or jag-offs who are
born losers Hillary Clinton's lurch to
the left you can't write it funnier
punchline than that this guy should
write for the onion Hillary Clinton's
alerts remember when she lurched to the
left when she said single-payer will
never ever come to pass
remember that birds to the left remember
remember when she's women remember when
she went to dapple remember that lurch
still though she didn't go remember when
she said she had a private position in a
public position remember that remember
when she said she wanted export fracking
to the whole world member that remember
when she embraced the fight for 15 no
exceptions
remember that Wow her lurtz to the left
what was her learns to they just you
just get to make stuff up you just get
to say stuff if you're writing for the
New York Times we know that you just get
to make stuff up it sounds pretty
sinister her lurch to the left
oh well therefore well
is defined as an abrupt uncontrolled
movement especially an unsteady tilt or
roll so maybe she lurched to the left
but then lurched back real quick yeah
she was like oh I just lurched there I
didn't want to I got to get out maybe
that's what he meant yeah
Hillary Clinton's alerts to the left
probably cost her key Midwestern states
no she how about not going to
Wisconsin yeah passed you at that state
how about being a shitty candidate cost
you those states how about you being the
face of NAFTA cost you that state
how about Barack Obama pushing the TPP
while you're trying to get votes in
those states that where you screwed them
with NAFTA how about that how about she
exploded the prison population and put a
lot of those blacks that would have
voted for her in prison and now they
have felonies and now they can't vote
for them maybe it was that maybe it was
cross-check maybe you look into Greg
Palast reporting because that's what a
lot of it was to cross-check just like
they did in 2000 2004 and they did it
again well he also points out that
Barack Obama won those states twice and
we all know what Barack Obama did he ran
on a center-right platform and then when
he got into office was some huge
progressive yeah right that's the way it
worked
war is peace freedoms the police state I
understand this guy's writing now yeah I
get it I get it
Barack Obama went to Flint Michigan
drank a glass of water and left bars
fine water's fine see ya go ahead Kirk
you got everything's good I'm not making
it up everything good see ya take care
I'm off to give a hundred billion
dollars to the war machine well you guys
so you'll get water someday after the
2016 election I have to read you this
whole thing it's just it is it is the
most ridiculous thing I've read this
year and I read Hill I read parts of
Hillary Clinton's book after the 2016
election the Democratic vice
presidential nominee senator Tim Kaine
of Virginia there's a winner senator Tim
Kaine of Virginia wanted the parties
called broad anti-business rhetoric to
distract its leaders from making growth
the goal and manages to scare off
entrepreneurs and small businesses too
so you are going to quote Tim Kaine
a quote from a guy who couldn't beat
Mike Pence in a debate that's all you're
quoting a guy let's remember was on the
losing ticket to Donald Trump and Mike
Pence that's the political advice we
should be following that guy yeah you
know how hard it is for all these
entrepreneurs and small businesses to
succeed how are they ever gonna succeed
in this country what the UH Democrats
should keep this is this guy Democrats
should keep ties with Wall Street for
several reasons the first is an ugly the
only reason the hope this is all
 what he's gonna say every
reason he gives us a reason the
only reason that he wants the Democrats
to keep their ties to Wall Street he's
because it keeps the money flowing
because he's friends with guys on Wall
Street because I'm sure he's gotten a
lot of Wall Street cash through
consulting and all that stuff that's
where the money goes
that's why these guys keep doing this
that's got to take the core corporate
cash why cuz then I get more money
because I'm a consultant and then we can
buy more ads and when we buy ads I get
that's how I make my money so that's
what this that's what this is really
about they should the first is it so the
here are the reasons this is what he
these are the pretend reasons are all
 they're all lies but of course
it's lies it's in the New York Times
op-ed piece of course it's seven
who does op-ed section they have
they still employ David Brooks a guy
who's only read for cartoon reasons now
and now they have this guy the first is
an ugly fact of politics money money
that's it that's what the first reason
is an ugly fact of politics money
maintaining ties to Wall Street makes
economic sense for Democrats and keeps
their coffers full and as Ron has
pointed out it's those full coffers that
win elections
that's why Hillary Clinton spent twice
as much as Donald Trump and one you
gotta have more money just like Hillary
Clinton twice as much lost Bernie
Sanders didn't have a pot to piss in
when he started his campaign no
recognition he was down 60 points in the
polls to her
he won 22
States $27 at a time you
on purpose but these guys aren't morons
these guys are liars these guys are
corrupt liars they're criminals
in the 2020 election some of the party's
strongest potential presidential
candidate senator Cory Booker Kirsten
Gillibrand and Kamala Harris as well as
Deval Patrick the former Massachusetts
governor should not be dismissed simply
because of their current or past ties to
Wall Street I'm not dismissing them
simply because of those ties I'm
dismissing them because of their track
record of being corporatist neo liberals
who sell out workers and progressive
policies that's why a just and and guess
what those type of people have ties to
Wall Street I love always says simply
because of their current or past ties
they all have current ties no one's
stopping their ties and so did the
propaganda machine get on board for the
old they're gonna constantly tell me
about Kamala Harris Cory burger is the
this is the goal this is a team that
they have the golden team come on she's
a first term senator she's there she's
there golden woman if voters really
hated get this Tim oh now if voters
really hated ties and find it with to
Wall Street and financial elites
Republicans would not enjoy such a
commanding electoral position or have
elected a new york plutocrat president
so he's saying because Republican voters
like people who are in bed with Wall
Street
that means Democratic voters do too
right
that's literally his logic hey just be
and believe me people like anti-abortion
politicians if they did it why would
they keep electing right-wingers that's
his theory so Democrats should now just
be like Republicans because Republican
because that's what Republican voters
like that's literally his advice you
should do what Republican voters like
that's what because they get elected
this isn't the New York Times
this isn't a New York time people make
fun of my show this is it a New York
 times who by the way is for the
current wars and will be for the next
one this entire article could just be
like one sentence like hey if you can't
beat them join them that's what I'm
saying
that's the skit the gravy train it
that's the whole article most voters
major problems with President Trump stem
from his performance not from his wealth
or connections to Wall Street well he
doesn't have connections to Wall Street
Wall Street hated Trump that's why you
had to get money from Russian oligarchs
to fund his his golf courses a January
Gallup poll found that moderates and
conservatives make up almost 70% of the
country while only 25% of voters
identify as liberal no I don't know what
poll he's I haven't seen this Gallup
poll he's referring to but I'm sure he's
cherry-picking some kind of
data about how people would self define
themselves so people might think they're
moderate most people think they're
moderates nobody says I'm a radical very
few people consider themselves radical I
don't consider myself a radical but a
lot of people consider myself a radical
because I wouldn't vote for a
corporatist war monger in the last
election so that makes me a radical that
doesn't make me arrest so most people
consider them I consider myself a
moderate I'm a moderate I just want the
stuff FDR wanted 80 years ago
that's pretty moderate as far as I'm
concerned so what he's saying is this
Gallup poll people self-described as
moderates or conservatives make up all
almost 70% of the country while 25% of
voters identify as liberal so you could
also do another poll hey if you if you
poll people on the issues people are ma
are liberal or progressive I don't want
to use the term liberal or use the term
progressive people want single-payer
health care people want to end the wars
people want to invest that war money
back hair and infrastructure people want
free college
people want single-payer
this is not brain surgery people wanted
more fair tax code people want to tax
the wealthy people wanted of transaction
tax on Wall Street this is it so that's
where the country is that's why Bernie
Sanders is the most popular politician
in the country and if he was them if you
if so we know brought Bernie Sanders the
most popular politician in the country
how could that be if 70% of the country
is moderate and conservative how could
that be if Bernie such a radical so
again there's nothing again this is the
this is what someone has to do when
they're lying they have to contradict
themselves they present arguments that
aren't logical they contradicts their
other arguments from earlier they
contradicts themselves in it so even in
May 2016 when senator Sanders made
redistribution a central part of his
platform Gallup found that only about
35% of Americans had a positive image of
socialism do you see what he did back in
May of 2016 you know a long effing time
ago before people now are on board with
Bernie Sanders 35 percent of Americans
had a positive image of socialism that's
because of jag-offs like you who
misrepresent socialism people have a
very positive view of Medicare for all
people have a very positive view of
single-payer people have very positive
views of Social Security that's
socialism and so again this guy's
cherry-picking facts cuz he has to lie
he can't tell you what's actually
happening but if he told you what's
actually happening the people aren't
supporting corporatist warmongers
anymore because they've seen what's
happening and you're that's why you have
