everybody welcome to the Jimmy door so
we have a special guest Dorothy Gasquet
she's running for Congress in
Washington's third congressional
district but she's got a pretty amazing
story she deployed to Iraq as the only
woman among more than 350 men in her
combat unit though at the time women
were not allowed to serve in combat she
was she found herself leading patrols
managing base security and on her worst
days losing her brothers in the spring
of 2015 dorothy began working to build
the progressive movement in Clark County
due to her efforts as the lead
grassroots organizer of the Bernie
campaign congressional district 3 voted
80.8% for Bernie Sanders she went on to
get elected as a national delegate to
the convention please welcome Dorothy
Gasquet hi Dorothy
Hey how's it going very good thanks for
being on our show and I always give the
people uh it's a progressive tester so I
like to ask you are you for $15 minimum
wage yes but by time we implement it
probably needs to be higher oh look at
that
are you for Medicare for all yes
absolutely
how about a free talk college tuition at
state universities yes and how do you
feel about ending the foreign wars well
that's uh one of my big issue is one of
the reasons I'm running we absolutely
need to end these wars they're not doing
us any good so that's fantastic so your
Iraq you're a veteran and I love to hear
veterans say things like that because
even the most liberal members of our
Congress voted for a bloated Pentagon
budget they handed Donald Trump 80
billion dollars above last year's
Pentagon budget and that's enough money
to punch that everybody to college for
free in the country we could so my point
is uh what how do you think first of all
what is your position on ending the wars
i we are not doing ourselves a nice
service we're making things worse we're
now engaged in something like 13
countries after 16 years and it's just
it's costing us resources it's costing
us lives and it's
harming people who are innocent and so
we just we really have to figure out how
we can create the peace that we need and
so what what was I agree with you a
hundred percent I mean it's a you know
if we would take that money we're
spending to kill people and spend it to
try to help them we'd have a lot less
terrorists trying to kill us and you
know so what so your service informed
you what did you what did well what did
you come home from Iraq with besides
PTSD oh you have you have PTSD yes I
think I mean I came home with the
realization that our country is just on
the wrong track that we are just really
not doing right by the world when I
deployed I am left from Fort Irwin
California where we were the trainers we
would take on the role of civilians and
insurgents and really kind of try to
create these realistic situations for
the troops that were deploying and then
doing so we really got to kind of see
things from their perspective and then
deploying and being able being a part of
that and really seeing the United States
from the outside I didn't really walk
away with the feeling that we were the
good guys in that situation yes and then
you come home and you see Bank of
America and Goldman Sachs kicking out
the veterans on their houses right yes
and coming back and seeing people
getting kicked out of their homes coming
back and seeing how many of our rights
that people are just kind of given away
like the Patriot Act and just you know
and we serve we take an oath to defend
the Constitution and to come back and
see that the real people attacking the
Constitution are
elected officials it's just it was it
was heartbreaking and I have waited for
a long time for us to get to this point
where we have this critical mass that
people are really engaged and they're
awake and paying attention and I think
it brings hope for me so do you think
there's a real chance we can reverse the
surveillance state we live under right
now because the Fourth Amendment is
really just a joke right now we don't
really have a Fourth Amendment so do you
think that there's a real chance that we
can turn this back around because this
was done by Democrats remember yes well
it's done by corporate representatives
regardless of party Association right so
right it's big money it's big money
building these data centers and
collecting our data and then they use it
to also advertise to us and to track our
personalities and figure out what we're
doing it's it's certainly frightening
but there is hope there is hope there's
a lot of people who realize that this is
because we need to fight for it we need
to fight for those rights back and we
need people to get engaged to vote to
run for office and to fight for these
things that we need to fight for
it's we are the final check on
government eye checks and balances it's
the people where they check on
government every other institution has
failed Congress isn't checking it's the
executive branch the executive branch
isn't checking Congress the supreme
court isn't checking either they're all
in working together and then the media
would be the Fourth Estate and they
failed so it comes down to the people
yes and the media is failing us horribly
I mean they always beat the drum for war
they did it in the Iraq war they did for
Libya they did it for Syria and they're
gonna do it for Iran I have a feeling so
I really hope someone like you can get
in there and kind of stop this craziness
so you know there is a program that was
invented by NSA whistleblower bill
Binney called thinthread which was in
expense
and would catch any attack that would
come in and it would it would it was a
good metadata analysis which would have
predicted and caught the 9/11 attacks
but they got rid of it for a much worse
metadata collection program called
trailblazer which didn't conceal
people's identity so thinthread did this
didn't but the reason why they
implemented trailblazer it was because
somebody got billions and billions of
dollars to do so so now if you try to do
this get rid of our surveillance state
you know you're gonna be going up
against people who have billions of
dollars of interest and keeping this in
place so do you think are you ready for
that kind of a fight cuz they're gonna
smear you they're gonna do everything
they can to you well I mean I've already
been facing it it's here locally they
the establishment has realized that I
have been organizing against them for
two years it's but someone has to like
we have to take up this fight we have to
deal with the corrupting influence of
big money in politics that's the number
one thing we have to take on so that we
can get back our constitutional rights
and we can end income inequality and
take care of people and to have
government function the way it's
supposed to function and how how do you
how do you plan to combat money in
politics well first we have to build the
progressive majority I mean that's step
one is we really have to get enough
people in who are willing to stand up
against the system which starts with
kind of building these grassroots
campaigns and winning without all the
money and then you know we need that we
need a constitutional amendment to
ensure that we make it clearer but when
it comes to politics we should be able
to regulate money and then we need to
deal with the fact that lobbyists can
bundle and contribute directly to people
they're influencing which creates that
conflict of interest so ethics reform
and campaign finance reform okay at this
reform kauke bill starts with the
progressive
jeordy we've got a week hopefully we can
get there so now you're in Washington
Washington's a pretty progressive state
right yes
the people are progressive but not the
government the political establishment
in general doesn't want to change like
you know I mean the only people I talk
to who actually disagree when I say that
money is like the biggest issue were
facing money in politics our politicians
and consultants because they benefit
from the system correct so you you think
that who do you have a primary opponent
it's an open primary Oh for primary
opponents okay so we have the same thing
in California so then that to top
vote-getters we'll have a runoff in the
general yes okay and so IV how's the
response been to your candidacy have you
done any internal polling or do you have
a feel of how it's going we just have a
feel right now I mean I just took sort
of the we were the organizers for the
Bernie campaign and then we just shipped
it over to this campaign and so we've
been kind of out in talking to voters
for two years now so we have a really
good feel from the district it's very
anti-establishment very
independent-minded people a lot of
libertarian views so they're pretty
responsive to my campaign so if we
because I tend to yeah if Bernie won 80%
of the vote and it seems like a good
progressive would be a shoo-in are the
other people you're running against are
they progressives or they corporatists
um there's two that are mostly
progressive I mean oh really
yeah well one he's not I don't know he
hasn't really gained a lot of traction
so I don't know where he's gonna go okay
and another one he's just he's
self-funded so he's a lot of money I
think that that kind of kind of makes it
so he doesn't really have that
connection right what's going the way
that I do
I'm the only one in the running in this
race who actually you know they worked
like manual labor in those kinds of so I
have more of a connection with
blue-collar workers coming from the
military and then there is one the
establishment pick which she just jumped
into the race oh really so there's a so
there's an establishment Democrat in the
race okay yes and so has so-and-so
that's the one I'm gonna guess the
party's getting behind and not behind
you correct this yes the so the entire
time we've been organizing this campaign
they've been desperately seeking someone
else to jump into the race refusing to
even meet with our campaign but saying
they have talked with us and Wow
so they've just barely been kind of
organizing and trying to figure out who
they could find to run in this race they
couldn't find anybody was already
elected so there's not a single one of
us except the incumbent who has held
political office before okay but so she
comes from the political establishment
though she's been a professor teaching
political science and advising on policy
and things so she's she has that
connection to the political
establishment okay so now you've talked
about reforming the Democratic Party in
Washington State could you elaborate
like what's been happening within the
party and what reforms at the state
level are needed so we've actually been
really successful during the Bernie
campaign and leading into our regular
primary election in 2016 is when our
local party people get elected so
they're called we call in precinct
committee officers here and so they they
run in their precinct and then they get
to vote on who chairs the part the the
local party organizations and then we
vote on our state committee members who
go on to represent us at state so we
we've increased PCO participation by I
think something like seventy five
percent statewide and then we were able
to take a clear majority of the state
committee members we replaced the chair
we're still we still got some kinks to
work out a few setbacks here and there
but we're in it for the long haul and I
have a lot of faith in Washington State
that we'll be able to to get forward I
think the biggest thing we need is
transparency there's really no budget
transparency at all right in any of the
organizations there's not a clear that's
a problem at the national level too with
the DNC right so but Prince Peron see of
the budget and all the consultants are
really controlling where the party
spends the money and so do you think
that the Democratic Party can be
reformed on a national level I think
that it has to be I don't think we have
any it's just they have so much power
and the Republicans have so much power I
mean this is the system unfortunately we
have it's just we have a system that
tends to two parties it the kind of
energy and momentum it would take to
build a viable third party that would
eventually take over one of the other
two it's just it's it has to keep it has
to be happening right now but in the
meantime we also need to be trying
within the Democratic Party but like if
you look at history it like with FDR
they did succeed in changing things and
kind of kicking those corporate
interests out of the party and then we
were able to make progressive reforms
and pass progressive policies it's
possible it just requires a lot of
engagement and people have to do work
okay so let me ask you one more question
you were at you you're active for Bernie
you made that happen for him in
Washington 80% now do you think do you
think that the Democrats will cheat
Bernie again yeah I would love to say
that they wouldn't in the heart the
harder issue in this isn't just that
they're cheating Bernie or that they
cheated Bernie through that process was
that they cheated us yeah like we were
Bernie's campaign
and so I love that all of those actions
they took they were against us they were
hostile towards us and we actually had
to face that hostility and we still have
to face that hostility every day every
time we walk into a meeting you know and
we're all going like I don't like I
don't want to go to this meeting and not
because we don't want to participate and
that we don't want to to influence
what's happening it's just because we
don't want to go in and be bullied yeah
now have you gotten any endorsements
like from our revolution or the Justice
Democrats or anybody like that yes we've
been endorsed by Justice Democrats brand
new Congress we've also been endorsed by
the Washington State progressive caucus
and the veterans and military family
caucus oh that's fantastic that's great
what's what's up with our revolution
where they dragging their feet on you
it's they changed their process so we're
working on getting endorsements by local
affiliates we haven't had an active one
directly in our district so we've kind
of been trying to do some neighboring
ones it's just that they've changed
their process that takes a little longer
and a lot of these local organizations
hadn't had the question they're ready so
they have to do make their
questionnaires interview the candidates
vote on the endorsements and then they
pass those on to national and then
national makes a decision which is good
it's good that they're doing a bottom oh
yeah yeah well listen is there anything
else you wanted to let everybody know
about what about your campaign uh just
that we're we're doing really great
we're building a really strong campaign
the establishment has been trying to
call us non-viable because we're not
raising a ton of money um we're building
our donor base we're trying to get the
the grassroots support that we need to
kind of get the money we need and it
takes a lot longer but we have more than
1500 donors already we've got more than
120 identified volunteers and it's
building everyday so I just want people
not to not to listen so when the
establishment says we're not viable
that's a lie
we're probably the strongest candidate
to go against the Republican and what's
she gonna do when she has to face a
combat
veteran and she's just being like I love
the veterans no no actually you've been
failing us huh all right well I I look
forward to that I hope that you I hope
you have a debate the other any debate
scheduled so after the primary there's
typically two debates they're done
between the incumbent and the Challenger
we're hoping to get some more forums and
stuff just for the the four Democrats in
the race so that people can start to
distinguish us okay all right well great
to talk with you Dorothy thank you so
much Dorothy Gasquet she's running for
Congress in Washington's third
congressional district she's a real
progressive and a combat veteran we're
gonna put a link to her website right
below as people go if you want to help
support go ahead thanks for being our
guest Dorothy thank you for having me
and thinking thank you for continuing to
make us laugh you're welcome you're
welcome
all right good luck
[Music]
