hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
we have special guest donald best is
with us he is considered one of canada's
most methodical and well-documented
whistleblowers he was a police sergeant
for over 30 years before becoming a
journalist filmmaker and an
anti-corruption advocate he spent 63
days in solitary confinement for
exposing corruption and he's here today
to tell us why please welcome to the
show donald best hey doll how are you
great Jimmy alright we like we like
whistleblowers and people who are
fighting corruption so before we get
into your work you know I want to know
what you're a police officer who was
assigned to investigate and arrest
corrupt police officers now that's so
much my career yes I can't think of a
more dangerous job than that you
deliberately hunted down and arrested
your fellow police officers first of all
why did you accept such an assignment
and how badly you were you ostracized
after your role became known by other
police officers well Jimmy you have to
understand that that organizations like
the police and the judiciary and lawyers
and so many powerful professions if they
don't place themselves well but
basically all goes to hell
it gets rotten it gets corrupt very very
very soon and I found myself earlier in
my place career finding that's I've seen
things everybody sees things and the
pressures on do not say anything and if
it's a small thing and you're new you
have to let it go up I'm sure it's that
way in journalism I'm sure it's that way
in medicine it's not with a lot of
professions but then you see more and
more and you have to make a decision
some people decide to ignore it some
people decide to be willfully blind but
when you do that you are empowering the
corruption but responsible for it
somebody has to have the courage
to do something but everybody's got
integrity but integrity is a little good
without courage so there were a few of
us and they put us into a corrupt squad
a squad where there were rumors about
organized crime about these same squad
members hanging around with socializing
with receiving money women all in
exchange for looking the other way while
organized crime did what it does so we
were infiltrated into that squad three
friends that I asked by the chief to go
in
nobody was told not even Internal
Affairs we worked there for a year we
pretended to be corrupt we took the
money we took the parties we had to
bring our own and women undercover
police officers we couldn't take the
women but some of the squad members who
weren't working with us they took all of
it and at the end of the year we had to
start arresting people and she I mean
it's hard you go to somebody you've
worked with you there there on the job
you do a search for it at their home on
a Saturday morning and their wife and
children are there you're arresting them
and the poor wife she doesn't know
what's going on the children like you
have to do it it's hard it's very hard
personally it's hard emotionally as
fired and yes for us precisely it's not
the point where we couldn't park our
cars anywhere downtown it personal
vehicles they would be trashed some of
them some of the guys did have their
cars trashed there were threats against
place families about stance for me some
things I can't even I don't want to tell
you about them they're just too too
awful and messy so it's a mass normal so
Don it sounds like you were like a
regular you're a Canadian version of a
Serpico was who we had here in America
in the 70s and he infiltrated well he
didn't infiltrate he was a cop who
exposed that they were on the take
right so they were taking money for drug
dealers and organized crime and as long
as you took the money everybody was okay
so you decided so so you like so there
was another movie in America was made
called was the Prince of the city it was
about this kind of thing and so you're
taught you're telling me that you
actually had personal friendships with
these people how could you not you're
working with them every day and then you
have to turn around at the end of a year
and start arresting them and you know
and and you were so you caught a lot of
flack from other cops you were
ostracized you were messed with
why aren't why aren't cops more open to
reforming criminals
I mean if their whole idea of being a
cop is you're gonna fight crime why are
cops in general like as a as a culture
why are they against people like you
whistleblowers who expose criminals
inside the police department it's the
same thing with journalism it's the same
thing with medicine it's the same thing
with law most people are decent good
people they set out they join these
professions to to change the world for
good we all go into it right eyed and
bushy tailed but such sense dreams of
what we can accomplish but that then we
start to see the corruption in each of
those professions and I'm sure many more
and most people remain honest but they
don't do anything to stop the corruption
now whistleblowers are slammed down all
over the place in every profession
police is no different except police
have guns and they have a lot of power
and they have access to information same
with lawyers judges a lot of power
access to information they can ask all
the police officers other agencies I
to target individuals who they don't
like they can they can make it seem
legitimate and it's very dangerous go
after people who are in positions of
power yeah I know but I'm so I'm so what
so you know these people you say join
the force with these good intentions but
it just seems like no matter where there
is an investigation trying to root out
criminality inside the department
whether it be in Canada or in the United
States or anywhere it seems like as a as
a culture the police they push back
they're not really supportive of it
so so is that just normal for people to
try to protect their own is that what is
that what it is or what do you think I
think that is I think it's quite normal
now of course in some professions the
stakes are very very high take law take
being a judge even even in the operating
theater in a hospital how many surgeons
who make mistakes or show up with
alcohol on their breath or before
ordered right away nurses look the other
way
doctors look the other way it happens
all the time but if it gets to a certain
level somebody has to do something about
it and most people don't so yes Jimmy
there are corrupt cops and the corrupt
cops often act and operate with impunity
for long periods of at the time I'm
saying it's the same in law it's the
same in the courts so let me talk about
so how many people did you arrest I mean
for this and in this duty arresting
coming home other police officers did
you arrest okay
personally I arrested I think three or
four police officers personally also
members of organized crime who were were
caught up in it had bribed us I think
was it doesn't but in the end I believe
that there was above a list of a hundred
people now these were police officers
there were some crown attorneys found
prosecutors or
there there were some politicians at
various levels government and there was
one or two judges - well I better
question the better question to ask
would be yeah a few people were allowed
to resign a few people might have been
charged how many were convicted Jimmy
how you tell me how many were convicted
no not a one
so now why is that because the system
comes together the system comes together
to defend those who are corrupt if if
they can because the fact that they are
corrupt they've probably got information
on other people too so there's a fear
throughout throughout these two balls
and I'll call them footballs and they
operate in the operating in law they
operated in policing
maybe even in journalism I don't know
but these two balls provide an instant
strong defense they will go after
whistleblowers they will go after any
threat to one of their members because
one member who cracks threatens the
whole group right okay so so not only
were they not convicted but they went
after you right so you you were
convicted for contempt of court in a
civil lawsuit and you know and so there
were secret recordings you made of your
telephone conversations with the lawyers
involved and I read the official court
records showing what those lawyers told
the court they lied to the court and as
a result you were convicted for contempt
of court while you weren't even in the
country and then they offered you a plea
bargain but you chose to go to prison
instead so first of all what was the
phony charge that they convicted you on
and why didn't you take a plea bargain
sugar well to me first of all that
situation that we're talking about now
is decades after that the police
corruption undercover work that I did
okay time and it has nothing to do with
it I had I had a company and my company
launched a lawsuit against people who
and corporations who owed me money in
the little island nation of Barbados but
some of them were in Canada I tried to
get that lawsuit heard in Canada because
the Barbados courts are just very
corrupted and one of the people I was
suing was the Chief Justice of Barbados
you don't have much luck suing the Chief
Justice of Barbados in his old court in
any event in Canada court decided that
Canada was not the place for my
company's civil suit and that's all well
and good and then we had costs hearings
when I was out of the country at the
time I was a traveling in Asia and these
lawyers they went to the court and
obtained an order that the judge back
dated ten days for them and that order
ordered me to produce documents two days
before the order was signed now think
about that so I didn't know about this I
didn't know what was happening but the
day before or that I was supposed to
appear for questioning in Toronto I
phoned the court to see how the case was
going and found out I was to appear the
next day in Toronto well I couldn't
appear so I telephoned and I had a long
conversation with the lawyers and during
that time they asked me if I had
received a certain court order this
court order that had been back dated I
said no I hadn't they didn't know I was
overseas I said no I hadn't tonigh asked
some 12 different times and then they
hung up on me
they refused to let me testify over the
phone or answer any questions and they
went to the judge immediately and told
the judge that during the phone
conversation I had confirmed to them
that I had received the order they lied
now one would think lucky for me I
recorded that phone call and it showed
me well saying I didn't get that order
please send it to me I didn't get it but
they went to the court and they lied and
the court in a secret hearing that I
knew nothing about convicted me of
contempt of court and sentenced me to
three months in prison all on the basis
of these lies both written in an world
oral testimony before the court by these
lawyers so I came back to Canada and I
thought I would bring the recordings and
other evidence I have adepts irrefutable
shows the word lied
I was not guilty I was innocent but the
court refused to hear the new evidence
it excluded the evidence and it
continued to find me guilty so away to
jail I went I was offered a deal and the
deal was if I would apologize to the
court even though I was innocent if I
would forget about the full the lawyers
perjured themselves lied obstructed
justice then the court wouldn't send me
to jail I refused that I refused to be
part of a cover-up and a lie now I'm a
little different I'm a little different
at this stage of life my children are
all grown
I don't have a I'm in business for
myself so I don't have to be at a job
every day so I can take the head but
some people can't and I understand now
why thousands tens of thousands of
people plead guilty even when they're
innocent because the system exports
guilty pleas for all kinds of reasons
and one of the reason is to protect the
cabal's
who are very powerful I found that out
so what so Don what so what you're
saying that you're pull you're in your
career of investigating police officers
for their criminality that has anything
to do with this case so what you're
saying is that some lawyer is that
correct that's correct and so what
happened was these lawyers so this civil
case you have these lawyers got colluded
with this judge to criminally deceive
the the court right and say that you did
something you didn't do and why would
they do that why would the judge and
those lawyers do that why wouldn't they
just was it because they knew you were
gonna beat them in court or what was it
well who knows why criminals do criminal
things okay do they do they get lazy now
there was a lot at stake there was a lot
at stake okay then you know there was a
corrupt police officer the lawyers had
actually hired a corrupt Ontario
Provincial Police Detective Sergeant to
work for them privately on the side they
paid him on the side I even have those
invoices that he gave to the law firm
and they paid totally illegal against
the Criminal Code against the police act
against the Private Investigators law in
Ontario but this police officer was
hired by these corrupt lawyers and he
worked on the case investigating me on
police time for a civil matter for which
he took a bribe
oh so so you you go you do the time and
now ever and so how long ago was that
when did you get out of prison how long
ago 2014 and so ever since then you've
been trying to get these people to
justice who did this to you right the
judge those lawyers and on your side in
this case or in your fight is former
Canadian government cabinet minister and
police commissioner various law school
professors and expert forensic witnesses
formerly with the Ontario centre of
Forensic Sciences you even have a former
American CIA computer expert testifying
about illegal activities against you by
staff and judges in the Federal Court of
Canada so it almost sounds like it's
some kind of crazy conspiracy theory but
except you appear to have solid evidence
on your side and some highly credible
people who back your story so do you
think you're gonna be able to get
justice ever out of these people well
we'll see Jamie the fact the matter is
I've been saying that these people these
lawyers gerald banking Lawrence silver
Sebastien Kaczynski judge Jay Brian
Shaughnessy and former Detective
Sergeant former Detective Sergeant with
the OPP I've been saying that these
people are corrupt and I've said it for
years they don't sue me they have had me
banned from the newspapers and because
some of the lawyers or as I understand
it represent some the major newspaper
organizations in Canada but they don't
dare sue me and I just keep saying their
names and that's what I'm doing I'm
still in court I complained to the
Canadian judicial council about justice
Shaughnessy and that was tossed without
an investigation without looking at any
evidence so I asked for a judicial
review and we're in the middle of that
right now
and this is where all these other people
who have seen my story who have looked
at the evidence these experts including
the former commissioner of police and
they're on my side the lawyers the judge
and even the Attorney General of Canada
are doing everything they can to stop
this Wow well listen you you know you
good luck on this I mean I hope you
could bring these people to justice
we're always here for anti-corruption
fighters but you you say that this kind
of corruption is rampant in the United
States too is is that or is it am i
putting words in your mouth no you're
not I think this kind of crap from well
for instance one of the things that the
doctor dr. Eric Cole is my ex CIA guy
that sounds a little more sinister than
then he was the Commissioner for
cybersecurity for President Obama that's
a little better and he's on my side one
of the things that we discovered for
instance was that judges and were their
staff of the Federal Court of Canada for
over a year and a half we're doing
secret investigations into me into my
witnesses my lawyers and we know that
because they had a fixed IP number that
identified the Federal Court of Canada
and they visited my website so we have
dozens and dozens of visits and we've
applied to find out which personnel
we're doing this this secret
investigation now I mean yeah you know
you think so what's the problem with
judges and their staff secretly
collecting information online of our
cases are the litigants of abused
persons witnesses what what's the
problem with that well that's easy you
see secret investigations secret
evidence considered in backrooms that
goes right to the heart of the justice
system and this happens both in Canada
and the United States we know this from
other cases and and newspaper articles
and legal articles that the law
societies throughout North America have
commissioned they know this is happening
and you see persons before the court
they have a right to see the evidence
against them they have a right to
cross-examine the witnesses who present
the evidence and by the way I'm the only
person in Canada in awe of who's gone to
jail who was refused the right to
cross-examine the very witnesses the
court relied upon to convict and
sentence me the only person in Canada
that that's ever happened to to my
knowledge so you know when there are
secret trials secret hearings secret
evidence consideration by judges or by
jury members that's wrong it's illegal
and it undermines everything and it's
rampant right now I mean all of us when
we when we hear something when we want
to know something more about somebody we
just pick up her phone some we google
but you can't do that if you're in court
considering evidence it's just it's
illegal and it destroys everything but
that activity is rampant in the United
States it's rampant in Canada in the
courts and we've proven it now we have
the solid evidence backed up by experts
like dr. Cole and once again the system
is fighting it tooth and nail what we've
applied to get the information from the
courts administrative service the people
who administer the courts computers
they've refused so we're going further
we want to know which judges were
secretly gathering evidence even during
one of the court hearings
I saw that the judge sort of my beware
had his laptop open on the bench and he
was just surfing around during the
during the hearing and bought into my
case and lo and behold at that same day
same hour and same minute someone from
the Federal Court of Canada was visiting
my website and doing various Google
searches so we want the courts to come
clean we want the judge to complain what
this activity stopped and they're doing
anything and everything they can to
prevent us from learning which judges
were doing these secret investigations
into me in my case well Donald best we
