hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show I'm here with romp Lacombe howdy
how do you mean so I I'm gonna play this
video again for you that we've played
many times of Dylan Ratigan and the
reason why is because maybe I'm not
explaining it clearly enough for people
and so I had another I had a running on
Twitter today that was very educational
to me and I just want to let people know
cuz you know kind of the mission that
we've had since the primary was over in
2016 was but has at this show has been
to not let people get their eye off the
ball even though the whole country's
eyes off the ball and what I mean by
that is they're pretending that Trump is
the only problem we have meanwhile the
Democrats are going along with
unbelievable increases to the military
budget while people are starving here at
home that's just happening a teacher
just died the other day because she
couldn't afford her copay she's a
teacher so so that's why we are focusing
laser-like and trying to remind people
that the problem is this neoliberal
system that both parties are a part of
that both parties are completely bought
by Wall Street Big Pharma and the
military-industrial complex and and
fossil fuels they're not a little bit
bought completely bought the primary was
a hundred percent rigged wasn't a little
rigged they didn't cheat a little or do
some favors the whole thing was run by
Hillary Clinton the DNC in the primary
so the problem here and what the
establishment wants to make sure you do
they want to make sure that you don't
examine the system that gave us Trump
they want to make sure that you keep
being distracted and you dissipate all
that emotional energy you have at hating
Trump instead of turning that emotional
energy you have at examining the system
and overturning it so and here's though
here's the video and why don't here's
the video and why I show you this is
because it shows you how easy
people can have a double standard and a
blind eye to the real problem
here's Dylan Ratigan telling us sure
Trump is Trump is probably corrupt no
problem but then watch what he says next
so again while the FBI director example
gives those with a partisan view against
Donald Trump and it's easy to be against
Donald Trump the obvious fuel to suggest
that he's a criminal who's a terrible
guy blah blah blah under investigation
probably true but if you believe that
then you probably also need to consider
that Hillary Clinton was taking money
through her foundation to do weapons
deals overseas while personally
enriching herself and that Barack Obama
is paid off by the private health
insurance companies in the banks to make
sure that we don't actually have proper
health care or a functioning financial
system it's hard to believe one and not
accept the other two so he's saying that
the reason why we don't have I have a
functioning finance or healthcare sector
in our country is because Barack Obama
took payoffs that's Dylan Ratigan do you
think he's lying or do you think that's
just obvious because it is obvious the
first thing Barack Obama did when he
came back to public life after a gag
after he retired from being president
what did he do what was the first thing
he did he said when he took a couple
half-million dollar payouts from equity
groups from Wall Street that's what he
did right out in the open and as Chris
Hedges says if they steal right out know
in the open they don't even try to hide
it anymore
the first thing Barack Obama did was
come back what the thing that killed
Hillary Clinton was her ties to Wall
Street the bank she speeches she gave to
Wall Street and all the money they paid
her and Barack Obama's first thing he
does come back get right back in bed
with those people so that's what he's
meet that's what he's that's why I'm
showing you this because the prop this
was before Trump so and the reason why I
bring this up today it was because today
on Twitter I saw this nice young woman
nice person I don't know this person her
name is Caroline oh I'm sure she's a
nice person and I'm sure we share the
same goals politically I bet you we do
hmm she says I'm about to go to the
pharmacy and pay over 350 dollars for
three prescriptions and I blame this
entirely
I'm Donald Trump a year ago the same
three prescriptions cost less than $40
so state there's a thread happening a
lot of stuff what's going on and then
she finally came to this tweet our
system has never been great but it's
gone to hell under Trump now we're
closer now she's a little closer or away
from that okay and now she has actually
has the system in her tweet now she
recognizes that our system is effed up
and has always been effed up it just
hidden it now it hits her so now she
realizes how effed up it is and blames
Trump before she didn't have it $350
copay before she had insurance before
she never had a problem giving people to
pay for her illnesses though she may be
she was never ill but all of a sudden it
affects her personally and now she's
screaming bloody murder at Trump what
about the 28 million people before you
Caroline who didn't have health care
under that great Barack Obama
plan what about that do you blame Trump
for that no of course not so I what I
told her was I tried to be positive and
I said you're on to something here right
underneath her tweet about the system
mm-hmm and I said you're onto something
here we have a broken neoliberal system
that left out 28 million people and
drove millions bankrupt before Trump now
the same elites who gave us that shitty
system don't want us to criticize that
system but want us to use all our energy
being angry at Trump how am i doing so
far Ron I think so far so good
now what happens next so she doesn't
come back in the conversations I'm sure
she's busy war she bounced she probably
has a life and she's working the chance
to go pay for the $350 she has to pay in
no pain yeah and by the way I share your
pain Caroline up that's how it's stick
horrible it's this horrible system we
have and she's really close i I think
that the only the only thing missing
here is eventually you have to come to
the conclusion of our system cause Trump
effect
it's like she's almost there I was there
this close our sister was never great
but now it's really in hell under Trump
and it's like yeah things are really
gonna be right now you're totally right
but here's the thing cause this this
when you have when you have a shitty
system that is smothering people in debt
that it kills them when they get sick
that's the cause that's the system which
caused Trump that's what we're saying
yes and that's what people have to
understand and that's I think the big
disagreement I have with if I disagree
with anybody who calls themself on the
left that would be their big mistake
that they're making and they're making
it at the top of their lungs all day
every day and there's no talking to them
to convince them they'll still go but
Daka even after the Democrats just
completely rolled over on daca they
still say you had to vote for Hillary
for daca if you could if there's a
dumber position than that I
don't know what it is do you know of a
dumber position than that that to use
daca is why you had to vote for Hillary
after the Senate Democrats completely
just turned their back on them lesser of
two evils yes that's that's dumber is
dumber two evils because keep going down
that system that doesn't just a short
one Trump that assures a an infinite
number of trumps every four to eight
years and they'll probably get
progressively shittier yeah so I think
that is a dumber argument so here we are
sitting with Trump and those people are
still saying Hillary Clinton was the
answer they still can't think PACs
passed one election cycle like that's
just that's just limited thinking that's
just a limited thinking yeah-ah like
unbelievably especially after you have
it explained to you time and
time again and now you know why we have
Donald Trump because the left is just as
dumb as the right the left right now
sounds as dumb as Sean Hannity ever
 sounded what he's talked about
Barack Obama's birth certificate or
whatever he's a commie they sound just
as dumb so then the underneath that this
guy says I don't think that's what's
happening in Congress right now okay so
I said you're the broken sister I'm the
the knee of the elites or use all your
energy to be angry at Trump he says I
don't think that's what's happening in
Congress right now
at all and all he says the outrage over
attacks on the ACA from major Democratic
Congressional people is real loud and
constant so yeah people so yes they're
screaming well what I said was Obamacare
is a right-wing corporate
giveaway of course the Democrats are
going to defend that because they're
defending their donors when they defend
that they're not screaming to push
single-payer which is the real solution
pay closer attention you know another
situation where this person can play
closer attention is it's going on that
example when they talked about the a a
the aceh a yeah you know Trump's health
care plane and they unmasked it for what
it was his numbers well I'm limited and
people where we're going as the Raptors
and they were you know so G when you
talk about policy hmm we're actually
onto something here we could actually
get somewhere mm-hmm when you amplify
Russia Russia Russia 24/7 these numbers
go up his numbers go up or you amplify
that he did he cover up for the guy who
was mean to whose beat up his wife that
when he who's covering up for okay Bill
Clinton's a rapist can we get past all
that stuff again that's all distraction
again it it's all important in a sense
but when all you do is attack Trump with
this you're losing the game mm-hmm yes
of course domestic violence is
unbelievably important and it's a big
problem and but what that's this again
when you spend eight hours talking about
that and two minutes talking about the
military buildup that we're doing in
East Asia right now right you're losing
you're failing you're helping Trump
mmm-hmm when you talk about that and
then expand Russia in exclusion to
everything else you're helping Trump go
ahead you know the other time when you
help Trump is when you stoop down to his
level hashtag Adam Schiff just thrown
that yes that's right hashtag Adam
Schiff so that was my response to him
saying that that the Congress Democratic
Congress people are outraged over you
the tax it's real and it's loud and it's
constant and of course I said that
they're defending their donors that's
why they're loud right now
and then he came back with it's not a
perfect system he's gonna defend it
he's a right-wing healthcare plan buddy
is er thought up at the Heritage
Foundation no doubt there's no debate
about that this is the right-wing health
care plan thought up at the Heritage
Foundation implemented by MIT Romney by
the way and then Barack Obama used those
same people that helped implement Romney
care to implement his Obamacare just
gave it a different name when the
Democrats are defending it because the
insurance companies are winning yes like
Obama care that's what I said there
they're defending their donors run Big
Pharma big health care they win under
Obama care single-payer they lose hmm so
he said it's not a perfect system but
it's world's better than what we're
facing right now from Republicans
seeking to decimate the very real
progress we've made no one has said
that's where this where it ends but it's
but it's work keeping worth I'm sure he
means worth but it's worth keeping until
we overhaul it my attention is just fine
things yet again you're arguing with a
straw man this is a straw man now no
one's arguing against getting rid of I'm
not saying get rid of it I'm saying
those you are doing the bidding of the
right wing when you're defending it at
the top of your lungs and acting like
you're standing up for people instead of
telling your representatives to be
pushing for single-payer or even a
public option cuz let's remember the
Democrats had complete control of
government just a few eight short years
ago and guess what they did with it did
they give you single-payer no did they
give you a public option no what did
they give you they gave you the Romney
care which is the right wing solution
and a giveaway to the big pharma health
care that's what it is it's not a
solution to our problem so here's here's
what he was responding to I said Trump
is a symptom of a bigger problem which
is the corporate takeover of both
parties in government they don't want
you to examine them examine the system
that gave us to pro-war parties to pro
management parties to Wall Street and
Big Pharma parties just funnel all that
rage towards Russia and Trump that's
pretty accurate would you would you
agree with that yeah yeah so that's my
point and then he responds to saying
that that's a false equivalency okay he
says that your false equivalence
is really problematic having material
issues with the stances taken by either
party is fine but pretending that
they're exactly the same or that they
are pushing equivalent policies is
simply untrue dishonest and unhelpful
again you're missing the problem then
and you you think you think the
Democrats are saving us because they're
a little less shitty than the
Republicans you're a hundred percent
wrong about that they're both too Pro
management parties to pro war parties to
pro Big Pharma and bit health care but
their book there's no daylight between
the Democrats Republicans on war there's
and Pentagon funding is there yeah well
in you know this person who's also
pointing out how awful Trump's health
care plan is yeah they're pointing that
out and they're saying how dangerous and
terrible it is well we just explained to
you how that happened when you have one
party that has a right wing health care
plan and another party that's supposed
to be the right wing party what are they
going to come up with they're gonna come
up with an anti health care plan yeah
because that's the only way they can get
further right so with exactly this is
what we said during the Barack Obama's
years you when you go into a negotiation
you go in with the furthest left
position you can and then you negotiate
to the center Barack Obama would start
at the center right and then negotiate
further right mmm and why is that
because he's a neoliberal he's not a
lefty Barack Obama he's a self-admitted
moderate Republican he self-admitted we
showed you that video that's not me
assessing his he said my policies are
moderate Republican he said it mm-hmm so
he so so there he is saying your false
equivalency and then I responded and he
said you know your false equivalency is
really problematic
I said you're miss reading of reality is
obvious and problematic you're defending
a right-wing health care plan given to
you by neoliberal who called it a
solution it wasn't it wasn't a solution
single-payer is a solution implementing
Romney care instead of Medicare for all
was his payback to his donors that's
obvious not even that's that's not even
debatable that's why I played the Dylan
Ratigan thing just and then it's not
over he says the system reduced
insurance costs for most again
you just this is what it's like talking
to these people these you have to vote
for Hillary people this is what it's
like all day long and they're indignant
about it
they're indignant about it it's just
great could you see what he says yeah
I'm reading ahead and system reduced
insurance cost for most Americans
covered millions more and save millions
of lives your idealism is nice we should
push for better practices every step of
the way but don't lie in an effort to
push that agenda you're being dishonest
and it's harmful
how are you lying I'm not lying about a
Genda he doesn't say what I like he's
lying by saying that both parties are
both bought by the same people that's
what that's what he's saying that I can
be proved on paper real quick that's
that can be famous that's it that's what
I'm saying his miss reading of reality
is I that's his mystery you don't think
both parties are bought by Wall Street
military-industrial complex Big Pharma
and health insurance and the fossil
fuels then there's just you're just
objectively wrong that's the whole point
of built Bernie Sanders whole
campaign that was the whole point of it
he attacked the Democratic Party from
the left unless money is a metaphor to
you yeah your framing of the entire
insurance overhaul is Fox News
I can't couldn't wait to do that's they
can't do it they did if you disagree
with them they immediately they don't
debate your policies they smear you they
say here it is mm-hmm
he calls me fast news that's bright
Breitbart Ian I'm pushing for
single-payer too very Pro single-payer
outlet two very proceeding are in Fox
News I'm railing against corporate
takeover of our Democratic Party and
that is spirit beings Breitbart do you
see House House this and this and
they'll do it it's not just him they do
it everywhere anywhere you debate this
issue with people who still because Daka
even after the Democrats just completely
 through Daka under the bus
couldn't couldn't stand up to their
voters and for their donors more and the
reason why the Democrats did that is
because they didn't want to stand up to
their donors and their donors don't want
government shutdown for even one minute
and so the Democrats go along and
lefty commentators
Boosie dude that's why he gotta have
Hillary Clinton good cuz I can't think
past one election cycle they still do
that they're still doing it and this is
what this is that's this mentality right
here and when when you counter them with
fact after fact after fact this is where
they lit this is where that ends up this
is it that's all they got at the end of
the day does he call me Alex Jones
anywhere no don't have to be happy with
it
you don't have to be happy with it but
you should be honest I've seen you
ramble like this and froth at the mouth
before so I don't expect but you should
aim for it hmm so here's my favorite but
here's the end right so here's the end
so I said to him if if you if you were
paying close attention you'd realize
that you're unwittingly defending a
right-wing neoliberal giveaway to Big
Pharma instead of pushing Democrats to
demand Medicare for all
so that's the do you understand that
that's what I'm trying to keep going
about it if you make all your focus on
Trump you're removing the view missing
the bigger picture that the Democrats
are the one standing in the way of
single-payer health care always have
been
California has a supermajority Democrats
where the sixth largest economy in the
 world and we don't have
single-payer hair because of the
Democrats because of Anthony Rendon
because they're in bed with their donors
and heat this guy you're you're
