everybody welcome to GB Diorshow I'm
here with Rob Lacan and the miserable
liberal hello hello and I just want to
show you this is what the mainstream
news media props up as a smart person
this is Thomas Friedman he's got a
forever job writing opinions for the New
York Times the pay all that all the news
that's fit to print so I'm gonna show
you what a and I'm not using hyperbole
here what a unbelievable psychopathic
garbage person Thomas Friedman is
because this was back when he was on
Charlie Rose he was asked if the Iraq
war was worth it the Iraq war the
illegal invasion of someone else's
country that had nothing to do with
attacking us wasn't going to attack us
and then we kill hundreds of thousands
of their people and here's what Thomas
Friedman says now that the war is over
and there's some difficulty with the
peace was it worth doing while he was
unquestionably doing charlie so that's
that's first of all do you think that's
bad so that's just shows you what what a
maniac he is not I mean that's beyond
being wrong that's after the invasion
he's saying this and here's here's the
Paris the part that's a little
blood-curdling here's what he said we
had to do to people who didn't attack us
and at the end of this clip he admits
these people didn't attack us watch this
we're ready to sacrifice and all you
care about are your stock options and
your Hummers and what they needed to see
was American boys and girls going
house-to-house from Basra to Baghdad and
basically saying which part of this
sentence don't you understand
you don't think you know we care about
our open society
you think this bubble fantasy we're just
gonna let it grow well suck on this okay
that Charlie was what this war was about
we could have hit Saudi Arabia it was
part of that bubble could hit Pakistan
we hit a rock because we could so that's
the kind of people like if you if you
said that you should go house to house
if you should go kill someone in the
United States that guy would be taken
off twitter take
Facebook he would be everything but if
you say we need to go kill people that
we don't know in another country who
didn't attack us go house to house with
Marines with freaking 16s and terrorize
and kill people that was what he and why
do we do it in Iraq not because they
attacked us but because we could because
we had to send a message to Muslims
that's the guy who's a smarty pants guy
for the New York Times that's who's
bringing you the news they fired Chris
Hedges because he told the truth about
Iraq and they propped this guy up
because he's a bloodthirsty psychopath
and that's not you think that after
watching that have you ever heard
somebody say something more disgusting
than that I've never heard that's the
most disgusting thing I've ever heard
from anyone and it's coming from the
venerated
columnist for The New York Times who is
a complete bloodthirsty psychopath with
no conscience who is the moral superior
to no one Thomas piece of Friedman
do you want to say something I was gonna
say are you the guy that walks all of
your family members at the Thanksgiving
table the New York Times needs you
we got a column for you we did it
because we could man we did it where's
everybody going we haven't our dessert
yet and he's such a badass when he says
you can suck this what because we're
going to terrorize people literally
going to terrorize people who don't
aren't as strong as we are I'm
embarrassed that he's an American me too
so here is max Blumenthal he found this
about Thomas Fred why do I bring this up
well because Matt the bad faith of
Thomas Friedman back in 2011 he urged
the flower of Palestinian youth to throw
themselves in protest against the
Israeli occupation when they did just
this when they did just that this week
he blamed them and not Israel for the
death so here he is in May 24 of 2011
the lessons from Tahrir Square this is
from Thomas L Friedman the guy who just
said that we had to go murder people who
had nothing to do with attacking us
to send a message house to house house
go to house to house
so here's what he said back in 2011 he
said if the Palestinians peacefully
march to Jerusalem by the thousands
every Friday with a clear peace message
it would become a global news event
every network in the world would be
there trust me it would stimulate a real
peace debate within Israel especially if
Palestinians invited youth delegations
from around the Arab world to join the
marches carrying the Saudi peace
initiative in Hebrew and Arabic is real
Israeli Jews and Arabs would should be
invited to march as well together the
marchers could draw up their own peace
maps and upload them onto YouTube as a
way of telling their leaders
what Egyptian you've said to President
Hosni Mubarak we're not going to let you
waste another day of our lives okay now
here he is just this week on the CNN's
with the member of the Vanderbilt family
Anderson Cooper let's start with with
Hamas and Gaza I mean that was an act of
human sacrifice I'm sorry when you when
you throw thousands of your youth the
flower of your youth against an Israeli
fence supposedly to get into Israel some
of them surrounded by armed Hamas
fighters it was inevitable that a lot of
people were gonna get killed Israel was
not going to open the border to that
Hamas is fussy it's the people with no
power and no weapons it's their fault
that snipers are massacring people now
let's keep this in mind they're not
going like this and shooting them they
look through a scope and they see 14
year old girl boom dead double amputee
in a wheelchair boom dead journalist oh
I got him in my scope dead paramedic
helping someone boom dead that's what
they're doing
there's nothing worse in the world but
it's Israel doing it so it's okay and a
psychopathic bloodthirsty maniac like
Thomas Friedman who should be in jail
if there if there was ever justice in
this world guys like this who advocate
for murdering people and then defend
other people who are murdering in cold
blood other people that's what Thomas
Friedman is if he had a Twitter account
and said you should do that to someone
in America they take it away if he had a
show on XM they would take a show away
if he said to do what he's advocating to
do to other people in other countries if
he advocated doing that to people in our
country he would be persona non grata
but he's advocating for doing it to
brown people that we don't know and so
he's give him a column at the New York
Times so he blames Hamas for this again
here's uh here's MSNBC and they bring up
that same point that it's a Massa's
fault and here's a professor from
Princeton who's going to debunk this no
I understand and the White House today
their response to that was it is Moss's
fault and they're using them as as tools
for for propaganda that's like saying
the children in the children's March at
Birmingham it was their fault that Bull
Connor attacked them so that's real
morality that's someone who sees it
clearly and the guy who's full of
bloodlust and bloodthirsty and full of
it is that is the guy from the washed
from the New York Times that guy's a
psychopath he should be in a
straightjacket that guy should be
pilloried and not allowed back in polite
society but a member of the Vanderbilt
family brings him on CNN which is for
every war ever and he says this is good
this is what's supposed to happen
of course Israel's gonna shoot people
who are unarmed who lived there in a
prison Gaza is a prison they're shooting
people inside of a prison and who made
it and who made the dough I understand
and the White House today their response
to that was it has Moss's fault and
they're using them as as tools for for
propaganda it's like saying the children
in the children's march at Birmingham it
was their fault at Bull Connor
attack them why'd you bring children to
a civil rights march when you knew Bull
Connor was gonna have dogs bite them
that's your fault Martin Luther King
that's what Thomas Freedman is saying
and who's this guy that's Eddie Glaude
how do you say his last name I don't
know how to say his last name I would
say ground clout Eddie Glaude jr. he's a
professor of religion and
african-american studies at Princeton
University so that's all you need do you
need to know any bit anymore about the
mainstream news media's coverage of this
I mean it's just I can give you example
after example after example of how they
apologize for cold-blood murder but in
Syria if if Assad kills 60 people with
gas we have to start bombing we have to
start a war but Israel's picking off
people with sniper bullet kill it
shooting thousands of people and it's
their fault so if you needed any more
proof that all our wars are complete
amoral
for-profit enterprises I don't know what
you need it any more than this to
pretend that we care about innocent
people ever I mean the United States the
Pentagon our government is a complete
fabrication and I don't care if CNN I
don't care how many articles they write
that try to smear me for telling the
truth about what the we're doing
with our foreign policy we're starting
Wars
we're murdering people and we're all
doing it for money at the best of fossil
fuel companies Saudi Arabia and Israel
it's got nothing to do with helping
people so had nothing to do with liberty
freedom democracy got everything to do
with the petrol dollar it's got
everything to do with money
that's what it has to do with and we're
the biggest terrorist organization in
the world the United States so and and
there's you there's your there's your
venerated mates they bring CNN brings a
mob we got to get this guy's opinion
this guy who said we should go house to
house in Iraq and murder people cuz we
can cuz we can we could go with Saudi
Arabia we could go to Pakistan do you
see him he lies twice there pretending
not to know why we didn't go to Saudi
Arabia and Pakistan he's lying twice
he's lying for murderers Thomas Friedman
is the scum of the earth but that's the
guy that New York Times celebrates and
then CNN rips people like me but they
bring people like Thomas Friedman on and
celebrate them they give him a platform
do you need to what else you need to
know about the mainstream news media
what else Jeannie I know I know that
Phil Donahue likes to say nobody
respects the guy who just paints with a
broad brush on the establishment news
media yeah they did there is there is
good work being done not about when it
comes to war not when it comes to this
did you see that did you see the host
did you see this host she she doesn't
even believe what she's saying but she
knows she has to say it okay I
understand and the White House today
their response to that was it has Moss's
fault and they're using them as as tools
for for propagandist what she doesn't
even believe usage and they're using
yeah she sounds like she just read it
five minutes ago and had to repeat it if
you're being told her in her ear and so
she repeats it and she's like are you
really telling me to say this yes
and I'm gonna say it and Katy tur is
gonna say that of course she is she
doesn't want to lose that job she's not
here to tell you the truth about what's
happening anywhere Katy tur will never
even tell you the truth about a trump
rally I saw her at one she won't even
tell you the truth about what's
happening there she'll sit there on her
ass while they throw reporters out of a
news press conference for asking
questions that's who the establishment
news is well I always wonder sometimes
like what does the rest of the world
think if they see our news imagine
judges for instance imagine that another
country invaded someone illegally let's
say Russia invaded someone Ellie
justise up for instance and they asked a
a talking head on Russian media what was
that worth it why did we do it and they
said because we could as we could
imagine I mean just imagine that how
would the u.s. respond to something like
that well we'd certainly start bombing
someone yeah and we'd put that person on
the terrorist watch list and we've
isolate their bank funds yep
and we we'd put economic embargoes on
their country and sanction them and all
that kind of stuff and tell them that
they're the devil because they don't
care about innocent life well if you
ever needed bigger reveal on how the
United States doesn't give a about
innocent life here you go I mean not
only Iraq what we did to people Iraq
what we did to people in Libya we don't
care look we're doing in Yemen we're
assisting a genocide right now why money
baby
that's all the Saudi Arabia wants us to
so we do it so uh there you go so I just
wanted to show you that just to remind
you who they're bringing on to give you
the inside dope about what's actually
happening they're bringing guys like
that this so a member of the Vanderbilt
family who else to tell you the problems
of working class in America then a
member of the Vanderbilt family right
Anderson Cooper and then he brings on
this piece of it Thomas Friedman he is
the scum of the earth he's everything
that's wrong with humanity he's the
opposite of a human being
Thomas Friedman Thomas Friedman is the
devil incarnate and where does the devil
go to get a job he goes to the New York
Times of course he does why because they
fire anybody with a conscience if you
have a conscience you probably can't
work at the New York Times or The
Washington Post that's for sure or else
you'd be writing stories about how Jeff
Bezos is the real number one enemy of
America but they're not because they
don't have the conscience and they're
scared most reporters are scared little
wimps who are afraid to tell the truth
speak truth to power
they're all afraid to lose their job
right now it's like Hollywood they're
all afraid to lose their job right now
these are this these are the people and
now you know why people get their news
from YouTube our next live jimmy dore
show is July 1st in Portland Oregon in
July 15th in Chicago Illinois we're
doing a live show July 15th in Chicago
Illinois go to a link right there for
all the tickets to all the live Jimmy
door shows plus if you can help become a
Premium Member we give you hours of
bonus material every week become a
patron or a premium member and if you're
on steam it we're steaming it right now
Plus every Saturday we do a live super
solid chat Saturday where it's a live
stream and you can ask us questions and
we'll answer them back every Saturday
2:00 p.m. Pacific time thanks for your
support
[Music]
