hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a very special guest today
who's gonna talk to us about all things
surveillance wise but specifically we're
gonna talk about the russian hacking of
our 2016 presidential election our guest
is Bill Binney he's a former highly
placed intelligent official with the NSA
turned whistleblower who resigned on
October 31st 2001 he was a high-profile
critic of his former employers during
the George W Bush administration and
later he criticized the NSA's data
collection policies during the Barack
Obama administration he also claims the
US intelligence community's assessment
that Russia interfered in the 2016
presidential election was false
please welcome William Binney hi Benny
thank you very much for being on the
show well thanks for having me yes so
now um I saw a documentary about you
before any of this ray was made before
the Russia stuff started and it was all
about how you invented metadata analysis
now can you just take a moment and tell
people what that is and how did you
figure it out actually it goes back to
the analog days when we was working the
Soviet Union I mean the whole idea was
pretty simple I mean if you can imagine
having a large amount of data to analyze
and the question is how can you how can
you package that in such a way that you
can see what it really means without
having to go through all of it because
there's just too much to get through so
what it boiled down to is very simply
instead of reading or listening to what
people are saying or doing you look at
the relationships between individuals
it's like social networking today that's
what they call social networking it's
looking at the metadata which is your
phone numbers or your email addresses or
bank account numbers where you see
transactions between bank accounts or
phone calls between phones or emails
back and forth between people that that
that's how you can basically through a
process called chaining egg talks to be
a talk see a talks the DeeDee talks to a
you know detox to C and so on is how you
build a social network and if you use
that it's a basic principle then you can
divide the enemy commute
the entire world down into social
networks and then if you know which
social networks are important or which
ones are the ones that are committing
crimes or planning military accidents or
things like that then you can focus on
them and actually do a proper job doing
an analysis of the relevant data not
that maybe not the entire data of the
world it also allows you to use that
that gives you the ability then to
filter out only that which is relevant
you know if you look at only say one
degree away from everything that's known
to be bad then you only pull data that's
in a highly relevant area in the world
and so you reduce the problem down 2.000
1% of the of the data in the world you
immediately give everybody privacy at
the same time so what you figured out
was that you could actually you could
actually have a greater ability to
predict what was going to happen in the
future meaning an attack or something
that your enemy or the people you were
looking at we're gonna do it's actually
more predictive to look at the metadata
than to actually look inside of a phone
call or to listen or to read and inside
of an email if you look at the metadata
just like you're describing that's
actually more predictive of actions in
the future correct yes and because it's
because it really gives you a view of
the whole scope of your relationships
for example if you're looking at an
email you looking at just one
transaction between two individuals
where a phone call between two
individuals you're looking at that one
event but if you look at the metadata
you see the entire scope of your
relationships in your entire life
so it's it gives you a much broader and
more comprehensive view of the
interactions of your between people in
your life there's any individual may
email or phone call will give you just a
peek at that now am i overstating it
when I say that you were the first one
to figure this out that metadata gave
you and how to have deciphered metadata
is what are you the person who invented
it or am i overstating that well no it
was used in World War one and also World
War two okay but nobody took it to the
degree I think that I did because I did
it and more I was a mathematician okay
so by training and
I took it in terms of the mathematics
and and how systems like that could be
put together not just what you see but
also what you don't see so I was doing
the entire system of data not just a
little parts that I could see or that I
was given to work I looked at everything
and it was all based on metadata
relationships and how you can put piece
them back together and see not only how
they how they are interacting using the
metadata but also how the metadata is
structured and how they distribute it
that means you can get into things like
things that they have in their safe that
they don't even know they haven't until
they open it so you can you can you can
get to to being able to see into phones
that they bury in the in the jungles or
something like that to be used at a
future date you can see all this in
advance and be prepared for it without
even having seen any of it I mean that's
up that's all very so yeah the fact that
you remind mathematician you were able
to fix this figure something like this
out it's mind blowing to regular people
like me how your mind works and it was
it really is so also now again in my
overstating this that you are able to
predict the Tet Offensive well not me
personally but others yeah and it was
again the basic principles of analysis
that goes back it back to World War 1
those kinds of techniques and things in
and evidence and how militaries act how
they how they how they prepare for
assaults and how they develop in in time
over time to see movements to take off
positions for the offensive and in the
spread of the the deployments and so on
to see how what wide range of attack it
would be and in the case of the Tet
Offensive was clear that was going to be
an offensive that would go from the DMZ
down to the Delta which is the whole of
stuff yet no so okay so now you invented
a way to attract people first of all in
the documentary it talked about how you
had your team connect every phone to
every other phone in the world which
sounded like an impossible task
do did you did they pull it off yes I
mean it was pretty good for us it was
pretty straightforward okay it just
think of it was one at a time every
individual has a social network so if I
take your phone how many other contacts
are there with that phone that helps to
define your social network might not be
the whole thing but you know you may use
your cell phones and also have a
separate what looks separate but can be
merged as a parallel social network or
you may use email or tend to use the
email or short messaging between others
and you can see all those kinds of
relationships too and define you know
the kinds of transactions that you have
with different people as long as you can
find consistencies you can begin to look
at things for patterns and and try to
deduce that what they were what that
means yeah I mean yes and the way that
you're able to make sense of all that I
know it makes sense to you but it
doesn't make sense to me so I'm just
again I'm just blown away how you how
you doing how your mind works I'm really
in wrong now you invented thin thread
correct that's what it was called thin
thread yes they were there were
basically two parts to thin thread the
first part was done by my partner at
Loomis that was the acquisition of data
you know as it passed on the internet
the web the internet it gets packetized
and it's sent out in packets like if you
have an email they you know your email
may be broken up into ten or twenty
packets then maybes packets would be
passed around the internet and then
reassembled at the other end and each of
them would have the signatures that it
would because these are machines running
this so you know the machines Towe have
to be told exactly what to do otherwise
the data won't get where they supposed
to go so all of the packets each of them
has the identifying numbers for the
packet the number of packets the the
designation of the packet series and the
identifiers of everything that the
originator and the ultimate recipients
so all that information is there and
then that allows you to reconstruct it
at the other end okay so this is what
now we're gonna get into the Russian
investigation and the hacking or the
supposed hacking of
20:16 because what you said what I
thought I heard Edward Snowden also say
was that if it was the Russians who
hacked into the DNC server and John
Podesta server that the NSA would have
that data available to them that they
would already know about the packets and
they could reveal release that
information and and since they're not
doing that it makes edwin snowden think
that they don't have that information
now and my is that correct how i
presented that and is it true yes that
that's basically the reason i opposed it
from the beginning in August of 2016
when they first started saying it
because the intelligence community is
not it's not a question of a CIA or FBI
doing its really NSA's job and NSA has
all the capacity to do that they've got
hundreds over a hundred taps inside the
United States on the fibre network where
they're collecting and storing that all
that data going across the fibre network
so that any packets were passed from the
DNC through the through anywhere in the
United States they'd be able to follow
those packets and also if they went
across see there's very choke points the
surface where they transoceanic cables
surface is where all the foreign
communications are going in into the
country and out of the country so in
their tap to so they've got all that so
that means that any any packets that are
going from the United States to Europe
they've got copies up ok yes so all they
have to do is just look for the dnc IP
address and of their server and they
will have all the packets that went
across the network to europe if they did
and since they never said that they did
that or that that existed it told me
right away they had no evidence of that
ok so why if you're ok why do you why
does your opinion do you think being so
roundly dismissed by the establishment
media because if people you know I was
unaware of who you were until I saw the
documentary on you and I wasn't aware of
how we even collect data I was unaware
of all that stuff until I saw that and
then I
and then you invented this thing called
thinthread which is a way to collect
metadata metadata correct and analyze it
and it was very inexpensive and it
worked right so then then your program
got thrown out because they had another
program called trailblazer that was
developed by some defense contractor
which made that defense contractor
millions of dollars and so they usually
what's that actually billions oh my god
I didn't know that billions that's a
well now I can see why people would want
to lie and smear you because one of
billions of dollars that's that's worth
it so so what so what happened was they
had an inferior product called
trailblazer that they wanted the NSA to
use to track metadata and it didn't keep
people's identities secret which is fin
thread which is the one you invented
actually was better not less expensive
and kept everybody's identities private
correct yeah there were there were three
actually they took the software that we
developed because see the trailblazer
program actually produced nothing was a
total failure by 2005 and it wasted over
a four billion dollars and then it was
it was continued as a funding mechanism
for some time for about another three or
four billion and the idea was that the
it it was intended to do all the things
that we had already achieved with thin
thread and very little else by the way
and and so when it came time to doing
the real spying on the US citizens
everybody as well as everybody in the
world what they really were doing was
transiting from looking at groups of
people who were doing criminal
activities or militaries or things like
that in other words multiple numbers of
people together thinking an organization
to they move from that to looking at
every individual in the world and so
that meant you know you you had so much
more data at coming in and they they the
only thing that could handle that was
the software we did for thinthread
so what they did they had to remove the
filtering process upfront that we used
to in terms of the metadata to sort and
select only relevant data
they removed all that filtering and so
that everything came in so we could see
everything that meant they could take
everything in and that's what they did
and then secondly they removed all the
encryption that that protected the
identities of people that were taken in
as and and were known to be a part of
the criminal activity or terrorist
activity whichever and so that protected
their identity until we could show
probable cause and get a warrant and
then go after them
and that the final thing they removed
from our software was an auditing
routine what it meant was we could see
who came into our network and looked at
any of the data we had what they did
with it and how long they stayed and and
and what kind of manipulations they did
it with it so that meant that meant that
all the managers in NSA and anybody
coming in from outside NSA like FBI and
CIA coming into the NSA databases or
GCHQ or any of the other five eyes
coming into the NSA databases we would
know who they were
when they came in what they were doing
and and how long they stuck around and
the point is Edward Snowden couldn't
have done what he did if we had our
program running because we'd see him do
it right as he did it that was the
problem it also came down to the
management of NSA that means that they
came to us and said well you know if you
if you do that that means you'll be able
to see all of all the money I move
around in the database and all that all
the return-on-investment all the
programs we're investing in and whether
or not we should cancel or not and and
Congress can see all that right and we
said sure and they said you are never
going to do this so this program has to
go away too so in other words say one of
the network where they could go in and
do anything they wanted to and nobody
can come back and check and see what
they did so they couldn't be held
accountable that's really what's going
on it's the corruption that's involved
so and they wanted to hide it from
Congress and and so what did you pull
the whistle on exactly there were two
approaches we took the one was the first
thing of course was the spying on US
citizens the direct violation of the
Fourth Amendment amendment to the
Constitution also the first by the way
just
right in front and I took that basically
to the house to the house staff of this
the House Intelligence Committee it was
their job under the under the FISA law
and after the church committee
investigation they were chartered to
monitor the intelligence agencies to
make sure they didn't spy on US citizens
well here was NSA starting to PI spy on
every US and they could possibly get
with my I estimated it'd be at least two
hundred and eighty million of us so and
they have data on us not just single
items with thousands of them so so I
took that issue to that to the committee
because that was their job that was
their charter they were supposed to
monitor that make sure that didn't
happen
I also attempted with the Diane Roark
and Kirk Wiebe and a few and some others
to go to the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court because it's their job
also and eventually Kirk Wiebe and I
also went to the Department of Justice
inspector general because that's his job
also every one of those failed okay they
all were part of it they are all were
covering up each other because they all
knew they were in it together and the
fraud waste abuse and corruption at NSA
we reported the Department of Defense
inspector general because that's their
job and they would they would circulate
every every week every monthly circular
that the NSA passed around the last page
which would have a little statement that
says report fraud waste abuse and
corruption to the Department of Defense
inspector general here's the number you
know so yeah that was and that was also
part of the part of the regulations for
employment with the US government you're
required to report that so we reported
that in that channel and then took the
the criminal violation to the
Constitution we took to the House
Intelligence Committee and the courts
and also the Department of Justice and
so did you know when you were doing this
that you were you're you were being a
whistleblower I mean did you know that I
mean you must have known that what you
were doing was gonna put you in peril
put it that way well you see I took a I
took an oath that I took pretty
seriously because it was the oath to
protect and defend the Constitution
and you know if you're in the military
you take that it's you're in the
civilian service you take that and if
you're the president United States you
have the additional not just preserve
and protect but also know it's not not
protect and defend it's also preserved
so he is the he has the responsibility
to preserve the Constitution and you
know I thought that the they were all
reacting to fear and basically money and
and and corruption and I thought the I
wasn't prepared to do that because I
knew they were giving away the security
and I knew people were not going to have
security because of that but they were
claiming the you had to give up privacy
to get security while I was alive from
the beginning and they knew it
okay so so I had to say things about
that and graphed it and it was my
responsibility since I had the knowledge
to do it how many people did you know
and not not many were in the position I
was to be able to retire and get out of
there and do that so that's that's what
I had to do so eat so that right now are
we still living in a surveillance state
where we don't have privacy is that
where we're living under yes I think I
think Gerta had a good quote that kind
of captured our state it said no one he
said no one is more hopelessly enslaved
than those who falsely believe they are
free and that's us and that and that is
us I try to remind people that we don't
even have habeas corpus anymore in the
United States right which was kind of
the linchpin of democracy and it was in
the Magna Carta and so I don't know but
barrage a George Bush Barak Obama
Democrats and Republicans all got
together to repeal habeas corpus inning
they've basically repealed the friggin
Magna Carta and now we're operating out
of Liberty view from around 11:00
hundreds yeah and it's basically
contained in the NDAA National Defense
Authorization Act section 1021 that says
