hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with you have a special
guest with us it's tim Canova you know
him you'll love him
he's the progressive it ran against
Debbie wasserman-schultz last time he's
a law professor and he ran against
Debbie wasserman-schultz in Florida's
23rd and you know what there was some
foul play in that election and it looks
like Tim may have won so now he's tired
of the Democratic establishment cheating
him and he's decided to run as an
independent in 2018 against debbie
Wasserman Schultz and he's here to talk
about it
welcome back to M Canova Thank You Jimmy
great to be with you now to Tim tell me
why what's going on now you there was a
problem with the ballots now tell
everybody what happened with the bells
because what's their Broward County is
supposed to keep the ballots for 18
months before they can destroy them but
they destroyed them early right is that
what happened well actually they're
supposed to keep them for 22 months okay
every federal election that's the
federal law that that those ballots must
be maintained for 22 months and let me
give you just a little background we put
in a public records request to inspect
the ballots because of concerns about
the actual outcome then and the the
results of the election the official
results when we put in that records
request the Broward Supervisor of
Elections they just own world us and it
forced us to file a lawsuit while the
lawsuit was pending that's when they
destroyed the ballots and it didn't just
violate a federal law the Broward
Supervisor of Elections certified that
the ballots were not subject to any
pending litigation
so you know was lie upon lie you could
say and it was all very legal and why
would you break the law to destroy
ballots what kind of evidence are you
trying to hide so we have a lawsuit
pending we're hoping that the judge will
rule our way in award US attorneys fees
we're calling for the secretary of state
of Florida to well the Secretary of
State is already investigating and we're
encouraging them to investigate a little
bit harder and more diligently I sent
out a letter to
really all the elected officials and
party officials in the state both
Democratic and Republican and the
silence among the Democrats has been
absolutely deafening and this is really
what led to my decision to to to change
from a democratic party to a non party
affiliation and to challenge Wasserman
Schultz as an independent that the
Democratic Party has not changed
whatsoever here in Florida they're fine
with the destruction of ballots they're
fine with a lot of the dirty tricks that
were happening in our last campaign they
try to prevent candidates like me who
are challenging incumbents to even speak
at party functions they're ok with
incumbents like Wasserman Schultz taking
a lot of corporate money and dodging
debates so the the deck was still
stacked against us heavily it concerned
me a lot that if I ran in a closed
primary at the end of August if that
supervisor has not been replaced by then
you know how crazy is that to have the
same supervisor who destroyed the
ballots in the last race to be
supervising this upcoming primary so I
thought I'll take my chances in a
general election by then maybe that
supervisor will be gone so the state's
attorney is looking into this already
well the the Secretary of State
Secretary of State okay so the Secretary
of State it was a Republican yes it's a
Republican so is that is that advantage
for you well you know the advantage is
that I think they should be motivated to
do something about this and not remain
with the status quo the Democrats have
controlled Broward County for a long
time
the Supervisor of Elections is clearly
an ally of Debbie wasserman-schultz and
so are others high up in her office so
we're hoping that the Secretary of State
and the governor who's a who's a
Republican who I don't support but
that's beside the point
these are elected officials the
Secretary of State the governor who are
charged with upholding the law and
enforcing the law we would welcome a
Department of Justice inquiry I I've
tried to contact the Federal Bureau of
Investigation the
be I twice to ask them to please look
into this this has been you know
violation of federal law and we're still
waiting through the FBI to call us back
on this well the the FBI the FBI is very
busy with the Russians right now I don't
know that's what I've been saying
they're chasing these Russian phantoms
and they're too busy to actually root
out actual election corruption here in
the United States that's done by
Americans against Americans yeah it
wasn't it certainly wasn't the five
billion dollars in free media given
Donald Trump that helped push him over
there I think it was thirteen Twitter
trolls I don't know about you and I say
that with a straight face I'm just a
straight face and I don't care who
thinks I'm a jackass so Tim you know
this a big move for you not to run
inside the Democratic Party and now our
my thing is are they're progressive
Young Democrats Bieber I think Bernie is
in it he's kind of bringing he's trying
to bring people into the party yet
himself he isn't a Democrat right he
won't declare himself to be a Democrat
yet he's trying to herd people into the
party instead of trying to build a third
party because I think the only way you
change the Democratic Party is exactly
what you're doing is run outside them
and you say you can't win without us and
so either we take it over or they have
to finally negotiate with us because if
people forget what happened when Bernie
Sanders dropped out of the race Hillary
Clinton didn't then meet the
progressives halfway she went the exact
opposite she went right vice president
was to her right her vice president is
to the right of Ted Cruz almost so and
so that's what it's not gonna change the
Democratic Party they think you owe them
your votes look what just happened with
doug jones and alabama ninety three
percent of black men and ninety-seven
percent of black women voted for doug
jones and he just voted for a banking
deregulation that is gonna discriminate
against black people and everybody knows
it so my point is I applaud you for
doing this because I think we need
pressure from the outside working inside
the party a lot of people are doing that
I think that's a pipe dream they are not
gonna because we already know that
Democrats would rather lose to a
Republican than when with a progressive
so is it do you think it's gonna help
you fundraise that you're no longer have
a D next to your name or do you think it
will hurt you know it's it's already
helped tremendously in just a few days
we've had a tremendous response from all
over the the district and all over the
state and all over the country where
people were basically been saying
hallelujah
we've been waiting for this people feel
burned by the Democratic Party and they
a lot of folks were just not willing to
fund another internal challenge within
the Democratic Party even against
somebody as reviled as debbie Wasserman
Schultz and suddenly many many hundreds
of folks have stepped up and made
contributions in in just the last couple
of days to the campaign so we've seen a
significant uptick in our fundraising
already and I think it will probably
continue to grow so I think it was a
necessary move it was one that I got to
rather reluctantly it's a pretty
democratic district but there are a lot
of independents now in this district and
all over the country I think we're
talking about almost a third of the
registered voters now in this district
are are non party affiliation and it's
particularly the case among younger
voters Millennials and younger where I
think the polls are showing 60 to 70
percent of them are non party
affiliation and you know if the
Democrats think they're going to get
these young voters to re-register
Democrat to vote in a closed primary at
the end of August it's just not really
going to happen we tried to do it two
years ago we got about 5,000 voters in
our district I believe the estimate was
to re-register
either as from independent or Republican
to Democrat to vote for me in the
primary and we put a lot of effort in
and to only move the dial by about 5,000
votes
it was rather frustrating now we're
going to be playing in a bigger field a
longer time horizon we'll be on the
ballot in November and we'll be able to
go after all these
independence even Republicans
libertarians greens and and Democrats if
you believe the official results from
our last race I got just shy of 44% of
the Democrats listen if we're able to
maintain that level of support among
Democrats
we should really make a killing among
independents and and and we should be
over the top and win this thing and you
know then there's also the whole
question was that even an accurate vote
count of forty three forty four percent
of the vote right meeting meeting you
probably you think you might have gotten
more but there's no way to check it now
because they destroyed the ballots
illegally correct well that's right the
election law experts that I speak with
they tell me that the problem with the
digital scanned images is that you can
manipulate the software to pretty much
get any kind of results you want right
among the digital scanned images which
is I think one of the reasons that tulsi
gabbard has this bill where she calls
for audits that could be possibly made
through electronic voting machines with
open-source software there's a lot of
criticism even of that listen I've come
to believe that toasties Bill is a big
step in the right direction but what we
really need in this country is how we
did it for 200 years paper ballots
counted by hand in public and reported
at the local precinct level immediately
on election night this country can
afford literally trillions of dollars in
tax cuts and corporate subsidies for
Wall Street banks we should be able to
afford a few billion dollars to employ
ordinary Americans all over this country
to actually count ballots on election
night to make sure that the the vote
count is transparent accurate and
verifiable that is the really the only
way to go if those are your goals to
have an accurate vote count that's
transparent and verifiable now I'll just
recommend a campaign ad for you and I
have a videotape of where W Wasserman
Schultz's asked point-blank on CNN if
she is cheating in favor of Bernie
Sanders and she says point-blank
categorically no
we are not and will all know that she
was now Donna Brazile said the whole
thing was was completely rigged in favor
of Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton was
literally running the DNC at that point
there were no communications that could
go out no PR things unless it went first
through the Hillary Clinton campaign and
that's called election fraud which is
the biggest election fraud that was
committed in the history of our country
and now we're blaming Russia so I think
that it that that would be the
commercial I would run what is it yeah I
think that's the same interview where
right after she says no we didn't do any
fraud she then says listen if we wanted
to rig if I wanted to rig the election
of course we know how to do that yeah we
actually have that video up on our
YouTube channel now and you know folks
can see these videos go to Tim Canova
calm we've got a great four minute video
of pretty much me being interviewed on
your show Jimmy I don't Swan on another
TV a cable show talking about the
election fraud and we spliced it in with
highlights of the videotaped deposition
of the Broward Supervisor of Elections
ah okay fantastic feeling she admits
that she destroyed the ballots in
violation of federal law she gives the
lame excuse that it was all just a
mistake and then when she's asked how
could you sign a ballot destruction
order certifying that the ballots were
not subject to pending litigation when
you knew this litigation was going on
and she said that she just signs any of
the forms they put in front of your face
that's a good leader huh yeah oh yeah
okay well yes I you know what I remember
that videotape to where she says if
believe me if we wanted to rig the
primary there's a million ways we could
have written it who says that except
it's me that's what a cheater says
exactly and now and of course she was
punished right away she had to step down
from the DNC and she immediately got
punished with another position in the
Hillary Rodham Clinton campaign I mean
you know debbie Wasserman Schultz is
really the epitome of what's wrong in
this country and with this
pratik party the fact that the party
leadership didn't come down on her and
say listen your time has passed it's
time really for you to step down as a
congresswoman in the interest of the
party just shows how deaf they are to
what's happening in this country and it
shows the same with the Hillary Clinton
campaign to make debbie Wasserman
Schultz the the co-chair of the Clinton
campaign right after she had to resign
from the DNC was just the height of
arrogance and it showed they really
didn't have their finger on the pulse of
what's happening in this country well
Tim I was at the DNC the Democratic
National Convention in Philadelphia and
it was right after debbie Wasserman
Schultz had been revealed to be a liar
and a cheater from WikiLeaks and she
stepped down and then she went to
address that the California her district
della guerra states delegates and they
booed her and wouldn't let her talk
right he said you should maybe plane had
50 taped at her own people that's the
girl that gets from Florida booing her
because you know cheated them she didn't
cheat the Russians she didn't cheat the
Republicans she didn't cheat the Saudis
she didn't she cheated Democrats
that's who debbie Wasserman shields tree
cheated and she's still pulling the
strings in Florida Democratic politics
all over this state when there are
progressives who are stepping up to run
in primaries even when it's primaries
where it's not a democratic incumbent
but it's a Republican incumbent the
party establishment the Democratic Party
establishment tries to block them tries
to find you know establishment
candidates who will get corporate money
to run against them they're constantly
putting their fingers on the scale to
hurt progressives and everyone knows
Wasserman Schultz is behind this well
she's in bed with the payday lenders too
I mean Tim you gotta beat this person
that's I mean she's got every bad thing
you can think of she's literally in bed
I mean that she's figuratively in bed
with payday lenders she does the bidding
of payday lenders and what who do they
prey on the most vulnerable and poorest
people around is the working poor that's
who they prey on well and Jimmy it goes
beyond the payday
others she takes a lot of money from
court from Wall Street banks that
supplied the line of credits to those
payday lenders right she takes money
from private prison companies while
she's been pushing for a private
immigration detention center right here
in our district in southwest Angelo
takes money from fossil fuels big sugar
big alcohol big pharma she's a drug
warrior she's everything that's wrong
with this party you're absolutely right
we have to beat her and we've got to
make sure the votes get counted properly
this time as well you know it was a big
eye-opener to me how how bad the
election system itself is and it wasn't
just what happened in my race I keep
bringing up what happened to Bernie
Sanders as well just in New York City
alone when 200,000 voters get purged and
there's no consequences now there's
nobody so Eric Schneiderman decides to
have an out-of-court settlement with
people who literally admitted they
cheated and kick 200,000 voters off the
rolls and nobody I don't fit Rachel
Maddow do you about five segments on
that you do nothing right so nobody's
talking about this this is the real
election fraud there's real election
fraud that happened and nobody's talking
about it and no one goes to jail for it
either and and the point that I've been
making this is not just an injury to
Bernie Sanders or to me in my campaign
this is an injury to the hundreds of
thousands of people who contributed to
my campaign and the millions of people
who contributed to Bernie Sanders
campaign it's an injury to our democracy
it undermines the the public faith and
confidence and elections for good reason
this has got to be the number-one issue
all the other issues they're so vitally
important Medicare for all jobs
infrastructure the environment racial
justice the drug war but you're not
going to make any progress on any of
those issues if you don't have an
election system that actually properly
counts the votes all right Tim Canova
well we wish you the best of luck
running as an independent trying to
unseat neo liberal an enemy of
progressives debbie Wasserman Schultz I
think I think that's a smart move I
think it gives a lot more people an
attempt to vote for you and support you
so God blessed him Canova
go ahead preciate it
let me just make one last plug please go
to Tim Canova com throw a few dollars
our way and spread the word to others we
need all the help we can get
okay Tim Canova fighting progressive
fighting for you god bless you thanks
for coming on the show and we'll talk to
you again soon thank you
[Music]
