hi everybody welcome to the second part
of our interview with the Glenn
Greenwald that's Glenn with two ends I
saw you on Laura Ingram's show and what
I loved about it was you tell the truth
you go on Fox News and they all they
want you to come on Fox News to bash CNN
which which you do correctly but you
also bast FoxNews while on Fox News
which is you know you never see that and
you did it I saw it once before Lee camp
did it but you were great at it and she
was reduced to going just making noises
like are I and it was so funny so I
can't believe that so what do you think
about I know you take criticism for
going on Fox News now I used to be one
of those guys too I would criticize
people for going on Fox News and then I
saw you with Laura Ingraham and I was
like no maybe this is better that you go
on because the people you really need to
reach are those people and they never
get to hear this point of view so what
maybe that's a good idea is do you agree
with that yeah we were just talking
about right like you want to keep people
that are horrible at a distance so that
they don't get humanized at the same
time you know it's really interesting is
after 2016
there was all this talk about why did
fake news become so home and why don't
people trust the media like why are they
willing to believe you know you make up
some like fake media name and no one's
ever heard of it before and they'll just
trust that and spread it more than some
of me it comes from the New York Times
or CNN which they inherently distrust
and I think one of the main reasons is
because the media has become so
tribalistic
so polarized like you're either on this
side or this side that Democrats and
liberals only trust MSNBC and like
certain nice pretty people on CNN like
Jake Tapper or Anderson Cooper and then
conservatives only trust Fox News so if
you have you know conservatives over
here and liberals over here only
listening and talking to one another of
course they're gonna live in different
worlds and that's because nobody can
command could make a claim to
credibility for the reason that I just
said no host can go on MSNBC and
question the Trump Russia narrative
because they're gonna get fired or there
they're gonna get turned off from the TV
no one on Fox can go and affirm the
Trump Russian narrative because the same
thing is gonna happen so one of the
things I've tried to do since Trump's
election is beam is just kind of like
person who can be counted on to say what
I really think independent or
irrespective of through its gonna piss
off and what that's done is it's given
me credibility with an already instead
usually just turns out Tunes out to
anybody who isn't on Fox News and that's
the right-wing audience of people who
aren't like huge cardboard trump
fanatics they know that I'm still
left-wing they know that you know I'm
gonna attack Israel that I'm gonna
defend Muslims I'm gonna denounces llama
phobia that I'm against all kinds of
things that they favor but they also
know that I'm willing to call
on stories if even if they those stories
harm Trump even if it angers and
alienates Democrats were doing so as a
result I can now access to the Fox
audience to tell them things that
they're never gonna otherwise hear the
other day like two weeks ago war Ingram
posted a said when on Fox and it made a
false claim about the pulse attack and
the prosecution of Omar matine's wife
she said falsely that the wife should be
prosecuted because she had gone to get a
pulse to case pulse-width Romer Mateen
which never happened and so I tweeted at
her and I said the last time I was on
your show you told me if you ever said
anything false and I brought it to your
attention you would retract it and
apologize well here you just did and
like an hour later she went on Twitter
and she said you're absolutely right I
attract what I said the wife of Omar
Mateen never went to pulse and never
case pause so I'm glad that I have at
least in some circles the perception
that even though they don't agree with
me ideologically that I can be trusted
journalistically to say what's true and
have influence within that circle
independent of the fact that I have a
different ideology and they know that I
think it's very healthy and important
for journalists to be able to do that I
agree and I just saw our good friend
from secular talk Kyle kolinsky on Fox
News it was hilarious a because he
wouldn't play
their narrative and he just kept spewing
facts that they didn't want to hear it
was written the hosts didn't know how to
handle it cuz he wasn't that good so it
was funny
did you see that spot that Kyle did not
know Fox you said check it out
it's really funny alright so now I want
to go back to can you explain
real quickly about so you you got your
why am i blank let's skip to this
because I'm blanking on a name for some
reason no not really
Oh Glen I promised everyone I would ask
you what is with the second end the
second end of my name I believe if I am
not mistaken that my mother named me
after John Glenn my actors like Glen
Ford you have two ends in their name it
gets kind of a 50/50 proposition I don't
think it's super exotic okay I mean I
have two M's in my name too so
it's just but for me that's just because
the second one means it's mmm good and
what good glad it's just like Glen mmm
like oh oh okay I got it let's let's
talk briefly about I would like to say
that I have done only I don't know how
many interviews in my journalism career
certainly under it's probably thousands
and had thought that I had been asked
every question and yet I've never been
asked that one until right now so that's
what yeah that's what you get when you
come to the YouTube baby so I want to
ask you about there's been a problem
with the or a perceived problem with
people into divulging information to the
intercept and then the authorities
finding out who those people are giving
you classified information so can you
talk about what happened in those two
instances sure what I can say given that
that there are now two separate criminal
prosecutions against two individual
those who have been alleged to have
leaked classified information to the
intercept and obviously the number one
priority when you're in that situation
as a media outlet is that you never want
to say anything that could even remotely
have a chance of helping the government
prosecute those people so even though
journalists should be extremely
transparent there's obviously an
exception when being transparent might
harm people and that's the case here but
I can't say some things about it that I
think are important informative there's
a lot of around about this
there's a lot of lying there's a lot of
myths so I'm happy to clear it up so
let's just set the context for a minute
as I'm sure most of your listeners know
the intercept is not the only media
outlet the who has have had has had
sources prosecuted for leaking
classified information to it in fact one
of the most condemnable attributes the
Obama administration is that they went
on a prosecution binge against leakers
and they prosecuted more leakers under
the Espionage Act than all prior
presidents combined in fact three times
the number I believe they got close to
three times the numbers certainly more
than double in including sources from
the New York Times from The Wall Street
Journal from the Baltimore Sun from
Associated Press ABC News
so it isn't like the intercept is
standing alone and having our sources
investigated and prosecuted this is a
fixation on the part of first the Obama
DOJ and now the Jeff session led Justice
Department to try and prevent journalism
taking place by criminalizing the news
gathering process by investigating
sources and prosecuting sources so if
you're angry about this about sources
going to prison are being prosecuted you
should direct your ire not to us the
journalists who are trying harder to
uncover secret government programs so
that we can inform the public about them
but you should direct them with the
government then is trying to criminalize
journalism by scaring the out of
anyone in government who thinks about
disclosing classified information by
going on a prosecution now having
said that last year in the prosecution
of
reality winner who is accused of leaking
a top secret NSA memo to the intercept
the intercept made a series of very
significant mistakes in how it handled
that information obviously not
confirming whether she was the source or
not but the information that we did get
that reporters of ours ended up
reporting on was handled quite poorly
and our editor-in-chief Betsy Reid wrote
an article acknowledging those mistakes
talking about some of the reasons they
happen consistent with the obligation
about the harm the source and the parent
company of the intercept first look
media is paying all of her legal fees to
make sure she has the most top-flight
white-collar criminal legal
representation that she can possibly
have so nobody doubts that there were
mistakes made by the intercept serious
ones I think the intercept owned up to
them in every way that it could and I
also think there's a very very serious
question about whether it was those
mistakes that led the Justice Department
in the FBI to actually catch her or
whether they would have caught her
anyway just regardless what we did but I
think one thing that's really important
to realize is that the FBI and the
Justice Department and the intelligence
community hate the intercept with the
burning passion for reasons that are
obvious which is that we have
continuously published top-secret
documents and attacked and criticized
the intelligence community in the
government so in that case of reality
winner they purposely file documents to
try and undermine her credibility and to
try and blame us by creating the worst
possible picture of what happened in a
way that would harm our reputation and
it's amazing to me how many people on
the Left who pride themselves on being
skeptical and cynical of the FBI and the
Justice Department under Donald Trump
led by Jeff Sessions suddenly decided
that in this particular case everything
they uttered was gospel and should never
be questioned and decided to believe
every word of it in this second case
that just happened last month where
there was a person who was the subject
of a search warrant and the FBI Andy
Justice Department again in their search
warrant tried to blame the intercept in
this case there is zero valid reason to
believe that the intercept did anything
wrong
unlike in the case in last year when
there were serious fuck-ups in this case
the intercept did nothing wrong or
nothing to help them find the source the
theory is is that once the intercept got
leaked to it secret documents the
intercept filed a FOIA request asking
for those documents in order basically
to have gotten the documents in a way
that didn't come from the source that we
could publish them and protect the
source so that if anyone says where did
you get them from we could say oh we
filed a FOIA request for it the theory
that people are using to try and attack
us and blame us for this that makes no
sense if you just think about it for
three seconds is that by notifying the
government with the FOIA request that we
got these documents that we were aware
of these documents it notified the
government that someone had leaked them
to us otherwise we wouldn't have known
about them to ask for them and that's
what then triggered the leak
investigation here's why this is so
 stupid once we got the documents
from the source the reason the source
gave us these documents is because the
source wanted us to report on the
documents and publish them so instead of
filing a FOIA request if we had just
done what the source wanted us to do
which was right about the documents and
publish them by definition the
government would have no right at that
moment that someone leaked us the
documents because we were
publishing them and reporting on them
that's right so the FOIA request that we
filed didn't tell the government
anything that they wouldn't have already
known once we publish and reported on
the documents it's just this weird
combination of the Trump FBI and DOJ
trying to harm our reputation because
they hate us for reasons I'm proud of
and then some weird people on the Left
who just loved any kind of conspiracy
theory who are believing everything the
Trump DOJ and FBI are saying about us in
order to claim or imply I guess they
either were incompetent or were actually
like purposely trying to help the Trump
administration uncover the identity of
whistleblowers
the reality winter case was a the
intercept admitted that
the journalists involved have all been
through training sessions and other
things because of it we're paying for
her legal fees because of it in this
last case this is just a byproduct of
the Trump Justice where I'm an obsessive
punishing whistleblowers and trying to
harm the intercept and in this case the
intercept did nothing wrong okay well I
appreciate you explaining that yes that
does make that does make sense yes yes I
also want to talk briefly about I saw
your debate over over treason with James
risin now James risin great journalist
who's all himself prosecuted by the
abroad bomb administration so it was
that's why it was so disheartening right
to see him play so fast and loose with
those terms and I we covered it on this
show we put in a video about it and it
was about the frustrations the way I
looked at it it was about the
frustrations of these kind of
conversations around Russia gate that
it's like trying to get strike trying to
debate jello right they're always moving
they're never they always move to gold
post they can change that they can say
they agree with you one second and then
the next second they contradict what
they just said they agreed with and and
so I that was happening constantly in
the interview you did or the debate you
did with them and so I did a thing on
that now how does something like that
a how did you feel about that because I
felt like it's not very constructive but
maybe it was at the end of the day cuz
smart people can watch it and they can
see through it but so do you think it
was constructive let's just start there
I think it's important at first to
acknowledge how polarizing and divisive
the Trump Russia story specifically in
just the Trump presidency in general has
been for the left
broadly speaking so I feel like one of
the things that happened was that the
intercept became very identified with
expressing skepticism about this story
from the beginning because in particular
I was so vocal about it and then Jeremy
Scahill was sometimes
local about it as well and we became the
two most where the two most prominent
faces and the intercepts of the idea
became that the intercept is coordinates
from heretics committing blasphemy when
it comes to the Trump Russia's story and
so you know there's 60 or so journalists
now at the intercept we've grown a lot
and a lot of them believe the Trump
Russia story and I think some people
felt uncomfortable with the fact that we
were just so identified with the
skepticism now one of the reasons why I
did think arises is because you know it
is tiresome and I'm always glad for the
opportunity to debunk it to just hear
the lies about what I've said so there
are just people and there's I know I'm
gonna go to my grave with people
believing this because so many people
have told them it's true even though
it's an obvious lie that I was saying
from the start the Russia story is a
hoax that Putin didn't or Russia wasn't
involved in the hacking I never said any
of that in fact I've always said the
opposite I've always said of course it's
possible that Russia and Putin and the
Russians hacked into these email inboxes
because this is the sort of thing that
the Russians and the Americans had
pretty much every large power do to each
other and infinitely worse and have done
for decades so I would never put it past
it's like oh my god the Russians are way
too ethical to like happy I mean I
worked on a story for a year and a half
that one every major journalism in the
world showing how the US government
hacks into everything so it's
not like I think like oh the Russians
wouldn't hack it it's never was never
that it was a journalistic principle and
a principle that I thought we all
learned from the Iraq war that we don't
believe government claims until there's
evidence accompanying and that was it
now I think one of the reasons why Jim
rising as a journalistic hero of mine as
you said he's been a a a a great
journalist for a long time he's fought
the government he was threatened with
prosecution for years um he never backs
down
he's like a journalist at his core I
think that to meet him radicalized but I
think one of the reasons why the
intercept was excited to hire him
the fact that he's a great journalist is
because he was gonna sort of be the one
to like just spell the Glenn Greenwald
Jeremy Scahill
infection by coming forward and saying
no the Trump what's the story is real
and we're on board with it so let me
just finish this point by saying this I
get everyday you know people saying like
oh you're gonna like be on the wrong
side of history and can't you admit now
that nice you've been proven so wrong
like poetry drumming there's still no
indictments that alleged conspiracy
between the Trump campaign and the
Russians arises that no one's been
criminally charged with colluding with
Russia but more the point this is the
when I kept asking Rison and I never got
any answers know about just fight the
fact that we took an hour I know we
could have taken a month I still
wouldn't get the financial goods there
is no answer the theory of the US
government going back to the end of 2016
when the Department of Homeland Security
issued its report and then into January
2017 when is issued another one because
the first one was such a joke is that
not that the Russians the hackers who
happened to jump in as to the DNC's you
know our Russian origin
no but way beyond that the theory is
that Vladimir Putin himself ordered the
email inboxes of John Podesta and the
DNC hacked like he you know like went
into his like James Bond villain like
cave at the bottom of the Kremlin and he
like convened all the like you know big
burly Russian hackers around a table and
he's like John Podesta the DNC I want
like that he word it what evidence is
there for any of that like not just what
is the best evidence like what evidence
exists that that they that there's any
of that let alone the Trump campaign
world went and collaborated and
conspired with the Russians to do that
which is what led to the whole
