hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
i'm here with the miserable liberal and
rob lakota
i am miserable hello so the thing I like
about the hashtag me too is that it's
another opportunity for us to reveal
just what a complete unbelievable phony
and empty vessel
Hillary Clinton is what Jim huh what do
you mean well a headline in the New York
Times Hillary Clinton chose to shield
the top advisor accused of harassment in
2008 that's the New York Times
remember to oppose Trump you have to get
it a subscription to The New York Times
that's the best way to oppose Trump by
the New York Times oh those people who
did that are hello there hating that ah
could there be a more flawed a more
flawed messenger for feminism than
Hillary Clinton
could there be a more flawed she spent
most of her life shaming sexual abuse
victims people abused by her husband
then she spent the rest of her career
bombing poor brown people around the
world brown brown women we know who gets
hurt and Ward's women children Honduras
Libya and now she had a sexual harasser
in her own campaign and does she didn't
fire him
in fact here's what she tweeted out a
story appeared today about something
that happened in 2008 I was dismay when
it occurred yeah I bet but was heartened
the young woman came forward was heard
and had her cut
concerns taken seriously and addressed
except I didn't fire the guy I gave one
another job I let him prey on other
people I didn't get rid of that guy I
didn't out him she just gave him another
job here at the bottom she says I called
her today to tell her how proud I am of
her and to make sure she knows what all
woman should we deserve to be heard yeah
it's easy to say no except one time
mattered you didn't do anything about it
in fact here's the New York Times a
senior adviser to Hillary Clinton's 2008
presidential campaign who was accused of
repeatedly sexually harassing
repeatedly sexually harassing a support
young young subordinate was kept on the
campaign at mrs. Clinton's request
according to four people familiar with
what took place mrs. Clinton's campaign
manager at the time recommended that she
fired the adviser burn Strider but mrs.
Clinton did not did not she's a regular
Roger Ailes instead mister Strider was
docked several weeks of pay in order to
undergo counseling and the young woman
was moved to a new job let me tell you
something he never undergo underwent
that counseling nobody ever followed up
to make sure he did that and he didn't
and he wasn't fired
that's hashtag mitts Hillary Clinton
she's with you you're with her right
because she's not with you she's not
with you even if you're a woman who
sexually harassed
she's with the dude the complaint was
taken to mrs. Doyle the campaign manager
who approached mrs. Clinton and urged
that mr. Strider who was married at the
time be fired
according to her campaign chairperson
her campaign manager said fire the guy
and mrs. Clinton said she did not want
to and instead he remained on her staff
that awesome well you know it's gonna
get more awesome we haven't gotten here
yet so I don't want to jump ahead but
when we talk about what this guy did
what this guy's job was oh okay we're
gonna get better here we go
mr. Strider who was mrs. Clinton's faith
advisor
he's a faith adviser again anyone who's
publicly religious is full of and
there you go he's a faith adviser
he's a full-of-shit person I'll be your
faith adviser
[Music]
and he was a he was also founder of
American values Network those are always
the types right this silent Senator
screamed the loudest am i right yeah
silence inner scream the loudest and
here he is he founded the American
values Network and sent the candidates
scripture readings every morning for
months during the campaign he was hired
so after this happened after that this
was known that this guy's a harasser and
herc her own campaign manager recommend
that Hillary Clinton fire her him she a
doesn't fire him B he doesn't go to the
counseling see five years later she
hires him again five years later he was
hired to lead an independent group that
supported mrs. Clinton's 2016 candidacy
correct the record which was created by
close Clinton ally allied David Brock so
maybe technically Hillary Clinton didn't
hire him for correct the record but
David Brock who's also scum of the earth
who shames female victims of
sexual harassment David Brock that's her
close ally so we got both of them doing
it really well so that guy goes from
mrs. Clinton who lost James James women
who are abused Alton and they go to
David Brock who wrote a book on how to
to assault a woman who's already been
assaulted how to slut-shame a woman
David brought a book on it
how to slut-shame one hey that correct
the record thing was kind of a good
business move on their part aces in
their places hey mister Strider you're
great at harassing people now you get to
do it on social media because that's
what correct the record is and that's
what they do that's all they do
there wasn't any rush there the Russian
box didn't throw they had these
 anyway guess what happened
when he went to work at correct the
record what do you think happened when
he went to work and correct the record
do you think he harassed anyone there
yes of course he did
spoiler he was fired after several
months for workplace issues including
allegations that he harassed a young
female aide according to three people
close to correct the records management
Hillary Clinton the enabler she's like
the Catholic bishop
she's like the bishop hey this guy's
alright loves you shut up and go over
there and please don't do it go to
another parish and do it to somebody
over there that's exactly what Hillary
Clinton did and he did it again
get this here's a kicker this was in
that article for some reason Lee Lena
Dunham one of mrs. Clinton's most
visible celebrity supporters in her 2016
presidential bid told the times that she
warned two Clinton campaign aides
against associated with mr. Weinstein
meaning Harvey Weinstein quote I just
want you to know that Harvey's a rapist
and this is going to come out at some
point miss Dunham said she told the
campaign and then Hillary said that's
never ever gonna happen and she went on
to be buddy buddies with Harvey
Weinstein she did not distance herself
from him until the New York Times broke
that story so when she says that who's
she lying to the Russians Republicans
Sean Hannity no she's lying to you she's
lying to you along with everyone else
she's lying to you she's lying oh I was
so glad that woman came forward so I can
brush it under the rug and send that guy
on to another company where he could
sexually harass young women there I'm
Hillary Clinton Hillary that is what you
did right that is right you swept it
under the car 'even though your campaign
manager recommended that you fired that
guy you didn't fire him you kept him on
and you let him go
go be a predator on another young women
is that what happened tell me the truth
Hillary is that what happened yes that
is yes that is is right and and and when
Lena Dunham said that stuff to you you
ignored it is that correct is that
correct yes that is correct yes that is
correct
so um I saw someone say hey you know
that was 10 years ago and things were
handled different back then
that's what people are saying about this
because people can't do enough excuses
for one of the richest most powerful
people in the world who constantly shits
on poor people who are also vulnerable
that's who she is
can I had a quick thing to that wait
wait let me just say this okay cuz they
say it's ten years ago Ron it's a long
time ago things were done differently
except I don't know if you know that the
me to campaign was created by a black
woman ten years ago just so you know Ron
well isn't isn't like times were
different then and it was a different
time isn't that something that the
right-wing typical right-wing apologist
excuse and it doesn't even work doesn't
even work cuz there you are
that's that excuse doesn't you're right
you're right Ron so that's kind of
stunning how stuff did you know any of
that did you know that she covered up
for a sexual harasser in her own
campaign not only covered up but gave
him another jock made sure he could go
on to harass other people in other
places that correct the record this
guy's been around for a while in the
Democratic Party uh-huh he's been around
he was he was a striker and served as an
array of positions the director of
policy for the US House Democratic
caucus ahh are you kidding me are you
kidding me at faith advisor ready
he was this gets it gets great here
senior advisor to Nancy Pelosi Oh dad
see Pelosi's got a sex harasser in her
campaign and of course you already know
he was the director of the US House
Democratic faith working group I went to
I by the way real quick I was at the
Pasadena City Council meeting last night
where I wanted to talk about getting
municipal broadband and while they were
taking the role of the City Council
there's only like six City Council
people in all of pasadena and they were
taking the role they called one person's
name Joe Smith and he went blessed to be
here and I'm like get the you did not
just
yeah I rolled my eyes too blessed to be
here blessed to be here off
so that means anybody who isn't here
isn't blessed that's what that means
you're special God took special time out
for you and those of us who've ever
attended church you know when somebody
has to tell you I'm blessed in public
that they're blessed that you their
blessing you there they're bragging I'm
suspect immediately humble brag yes
oh I'm blessed to be on the City Council
in Pasadena I won my race and I'm
powerful I'm blessed so anyway there you
go and that's that's now you know the
rest of the Hillary Clinton
story is there anything else you need to
know is there anything else you need to
know about her by the way she lost cuz
she was a horrible candidate and
people can't stand her and they see
right through her that's why she lost
not because of James Comey not because
of Russia she lost to Donald goddamn
Trump and guess who did it the Electoral
College is she screaming about the
Electoral College snow she's screaming
about Russia could you imagine if Russia
had an election and the guy with less
votes won and we were like oh that's
cool yeah that's how it works
Vladimir Putin got less votes and now
he's president
I guess that's called democracy you know
there is something like Bern stridor he
was the president of the American values
Network yeah see I think we just didn't
check what kind of values what kind of
values his American sex her a spell use
that's what he's talking about the
American for fraternity boys values
that's so that's it that's what that's
about
so there you go god bless america
now you know why Hillary Clinton lost
because she's people saw right through
her she's horrible and she's the exact
opposite of what she appears to be she's
not she's not on your side if you're a
woman Hillary Clinton's been
slut-shaming women who have
accused Bill Clinton of her whole
life and then you go wow that's not fair
because it was her husband you can't
blame her husband I can blame her for
what she did and here it here it is
again got nothing to do with her husband
and her knee jerk is to keep that guy on
her campaign staff and then make sure he
gets another job there's a regular long
list of reasons why she's with us
t-shirts were never ever made aa long
list of reasons she's not with us that's
why that would be the big reason why run
as one yeah Hillary Clinton's not with
you Hillary Clinton is with Goldman
Sachs she's with Exxon she's with big
pharma and she's with the
military-industrial complex for sure if
there's anything she's with she's with
the military-industrial complex and
Goldman Sachs so that's why she lost and
if you ever hear people saying I heard
someone say the other day you know now
especially with the daca people you know
they're being their lives are being
riddled six-year-old bought here at six
year old kids and now that you should
have voted for Hillary someone actually
said that on a news show the other day
so you should've voted cuz of daca how
dumb could you be I'm pretty dumb by the
way still defending voting for Hillary
even though it was Hillary who propped
up Donald Trump she completely rigged
the the primary to screw over the part
the only perk to make sure the only
person who could lose the Donald Trump
lost at Donald Trump
that's when Hillary and you still want
us to vote for the person who cheated us
out of Bernie you still want to vote for
the person who completely got us Donald
Trump do you think we got Donald Trump
cuz everybody loved what the
Democrats were doing because everybody
loved how a Brock Obama handled
because everybody loved how Bill Clinton
handled no we got that old Trump
because Democrats got in power and
 everybody over you dummy
and if we didn't get Trump this time we
were gonna get in worst Trump next time
because your inability to think past one
election cycle is why you're a dummy and
no one listens to you it's unbelievable
people still saying that with a straight
face see because of daca this is why we
all should have voted for Hillary and
well y'all did vote for Hillary
I don't know if you noticed that and you
could have actually voted for a third
party and made a difference with your
vote but you didn't you voted like a
stupid corporate neoliberal you did the
lesser of two evils
by the way the unions aren't even
 behind you on that anymore
do you know the unions are against
voting for that lesser of two evils are
against it but you
dummies on lefties new shows tell you
that no no no no no this is why we
should vote for it we should vote for
Hillary
even though Barack Obama deported more
Hispanics than all the presidents
combined since 1890 Barack Obama did
that but they'll still tell you we have
to share to vote it for him if there's a
way to double down on dumb the people
saying that I found it
well Jimmy let's be fair here though I
mean her VP picked Tim Kaine never
flaked on daca when it really mattered
yes so her VP pick wouldn't even stand
up for daca she picked someone to the
right of her but it's never Hillary
Clinton's fault
you still no matter what she does no
matter how many times she spits in your
mouth you still have to vote for Hillary
Clinton no matter how no matter what
destruction is brought to this country
but the enemy is neoliberalism again
 dummy
the enemy is neoliberalism the enemy
isn't Trump the enemy he's a symptom of
the problem again this is hard for
 to get in their brain for some
reason Ron why do you think that is why
do you think some have such a
hard time thinking past one election
cycle what all I know because they're
dumb that would be it and I'm a
self-admitted dumb guy and when I'm
 smarter than you that's when you
know you're stupid that's when you know
you're stupid because you're doing it on
purpose even the unions won't do
the lesser of two evils but here we are
some kind of political commentators
still saying that a year and a half
after Hillary Clinton propped up Donald
Trump and all her minions in the press
propped him up but again it's never her
fault
its Jill Stein's fault or Susan Sarandon
or Jimmy doors somebody else with no
money and no power boy you guys have
your eye on the ball you dumb Neil be
liberal apologists really have your eye
on the ball don't they I wish I had a
good answer for your question right guys
I mean I have these same conversations
you know I mean I had the conversation
I've been having a lot of conversations
about net neutrality and they're like
you know it'd be a lot different right
now and Hillary Clinton was president
and I looked at them and I'm like you're
right it would be different with net
neutrality if Hillary Clinton was
president we would lose net neutrality
and then I'd have to listen to her
supporters tell me why it wasn't a big
deal so you're right here right be
different because Brock
Obama was on the fence about net
neutrality almost lost at the eleventh
hour that he was like okay okay I'll do
that neutrality but he gave us a cheap
eye that was Barack Obama and now Ajit
pi is taking away net neutrality thank
you so that's right Ryan you're a
hundred percent right they would that
they date they they can't stop saying
see it wouldn't be as bad if Hillary was
president yet and then and then in
twenty twenty what would happen and in a
twenty eighteen what would happen what
would happen this election cycle this
off year election cycle of Hillary
Clinton was president what would happen
three I'm sorry D and then what would
happen in twenty twenty they would get a
worst right wing demagogue we get a guy
who's actually competent unlike Trump
who shoots himself in the dick three
times before he gets out of bed and say
this isn't by the way it's not a Rubik's
Cube we've been doing what you guys have
been saying to do for the last 40 years
vote for the lesser of two evils and
wanted to get us it got us Trump and the
fact that you can't put that together
shows white no one listens to
you that's why and anybody who does is
wrong so get good great that you're
voting fear of that kind of voting as
get has given us Trump it gave us the
worst candidate in the history of our
 party Hillary Clinton repulsive
couldn't beat a black guy with a Muslim
name ten years ago but somehow
she's even more repulsive but that get
it's everybody else's fault Ron and
stephon's everybody else's fault except
Hillary Clinton except the people in
power except Debbie wasserman-schultz
and Donna Brazile and Tom Perez and
Barack Obama it's everybody it's the
voters fault it's James Comey it's
Russia any other stupid thing you guys
could think of and here she is letting
you down at as hard as anybody could let
you down and still Ono still should have
voted for her because Daka even though
Barack Obama deported more people than
all the presidents combined since 1890
they don't tell you that those
morons when they talk about daca and how
we should have voted they'll never tell
you that part oh by the way maybe stuff
could you look up one of the percentage
of Hispanics vote
for Donald Trump because that would be
interesting 29% of the Hispanic vote
