hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and commedia dave rabbits had a
miserable morning Jimmy
alright morning sunshine that's my CNN
move robin meade good morning so you
remember this James clapper he famously
said this so what I wanted to see is if
you could give me a yes or no answer to
the question does the NSA collect any
type of data at all on millions or
hundreds of millions of Americans no sir
it does not
not wittingly there are cases where they
could inadvertently perhaps collect but
not not wittingly so the TEL here is
what he's scratching his head yeah
that's to tell um no sir no we don't so
what he just did is called lying to
Congress that's a crime it's a felony
supposed to be in prison after you do
that but again you know in this country
that we don't prosecute powerful people
that doesn't happen anymore that's that
was that's this doesn't happen we didn't
do it with Nixon right we didn't do it
with what we tried to do with Iran
Contra nobody it was really bad they
really punished those guys all of you
North got a TV contract out of it he
became a millionaire the banks uh
illegally or criminally crashed our
economy nobody goes to prison for
there's a torture report we invaded
illegal countries nobody goes to prison
for it we order torture to cover it up
if nobody goes to prison for it and so
nobody goes up you know who does
subscribe the Edward Snowden Chelsea
Manning Eric garner that's who we get or
or or maybe the journalists who try to
tell you about it we get them we also we
also get them Barack Obama use the
Espionage Act to prosecute journalists
or getting being whistleblowers telling
you about crimes your government was
committing that's Barack Obama
neoliberal to the day dies so yes James
clapper the former director of NASA
intelligence is lying to Congress and
that's okay because he's friends with
everyone but don't you try that don't
you try it
so they spy on us right so the the
government takes every phone call every
email every text you make they got it
and back that's unconstitutional by the
way but we live in unconstitutional
times if the Constitution doesn't matter
anymore it doesn't so they were they
were reauthorizing the bill to screw us
over they had to do that had to
reauthorize it and Pramila J Appel who's
in Congress who's a very progressive
they all seem so very interested I mean
nobody came to work today I mean yeah
it's just national stop the
unconstitutional collection of Americans
international communications without
first obtaining a warrant and codifies
the practice of indiscriminately
sweeping up massive amounts of domestic
communications what makes us different
from those who would harm us is our
commitment to our constitutional values
that we are innocent until proven guilty
that our government must attain a
warrant and show probable cause that
there is a legitimate reason to listen
in on our conversations
this bill will further expose people to
warrantless prosecutions or detention
and deportation in cases that have
absolutely no connection whatsoever to
national security I hope we reject this
bill unless we approve the Lofgren Amash
amend it generally was expired
Mr Speaker I rise as so they did not
approve that amendment so there was they
proposed amending it to make it that you
had to get a warrant you know like our
Constitution says they voted that down
here is the amendment would ban the
practice this is representative from
Ellijay bells Twitter account
she says the amendment would ban the
practice whereby officials at the NSA
the FBI and other security agencies
without a warrant search for and read
private messages of Americans that the
government incidentally swept up under
these
no to program so it just basically goes
back to hey if the government wants to
read your emails or inspect your
personal papers they need to get a
warrant like normal like it says in our
Constitution guess what our
representatives did they voted that down
you know why cuz they don't represent
you Nancy Pelosi doesn't represent you
she represents boozin Booz Allen who's
that that's one of the big companies
taking all your data they're making
billions of dollars collecting your
private data that's who Nancy Pelosi
represents that's who the Democrats
represent don't be fooled they don't
care about you your privacy the security
of this country nothing Nancy Pelosi
cares about her donors continuing to
make billions of dollars even though
it's unconstitutional to the hilt she
doesn't care
so jords Arnie Atkins or Nick he tweeted
out 55 House Democrats including Nancy
Pelosi Danny Hoyer and Adam Schiff voted
to kill her surveillance reform bill
that would have among other things added
a warrant requirement to 702 searches so
there's all the Democrats is it I don't
it's uh so here do you want to know a
little bit I'd give you a little bit
more background then we'll talk about it
this is from the intercept plus there's
the headline with support from Nancy
Pelosi house gives Trump administration
broad latitude to spy on Americans the
law serves as the legal backing for two
mammoth NSA programs revealed by Edward
Snowden upstream which collects
information from the internet junctions
where data passes in and out of the
country and prism which collects
communications from us-based Internet
companies like Google Microsoft Apple
and Yahoo so like you know all your
internet searches all that stuff the
program rests on the notion that they
are targeting foreigners but they also
collect massive amounts of data on
Americans including wholly domestic
communications so the whole idea
oh this is just if you're communicating
with someone in a foreign country then
we're gonna look at the person who's in
the Ford cuz we're gonna target that's
not what's happening they're collecting
all the data James clapper lied about it
he lied
literally lied amazingly the
intelligence community has never
disclosed how much how much what how
much data they're collecting on us
amazingly the intelligence community has
never disclosed how much data they're
collecting on us numerous members of
Congress have requested an estimate
since 2011 but guess what both
neo-liberal moderate Republican Barack
Obama and crazy man Trump have refused
to provide one hmm
maybe Obama was just as crazy as Trump
or just as destructive well I don't know
you tell me turns out yes when it comes
to the illegal spying warrantless
wiretapping and breaking the
Constitution during lockstep Obama's in
lockstep with Trump not only that but
Obama handed it off to trump in expanded
surveillance powers right before he left
office so if Trump is really an
existential threat like everybody says
why wouldn't you want to take away his
powers to spy on everybody because
that's how J Edgar Hoover kept his
people remember J Edgar Hoover he was
the head of the FBI and he was the guy
who pulled the strings and everybody in
the country and the government why
because he could wiretap them and he had
dirt on everybody what do you think this
is what do you think this is you're
giving Trump the ability in wiretap
everybody warrantless Lee look at their
emails collect whatever it is and screw
them you're handing that over to Trump
so when they tell you that Trump is an
existential threat Nancy Pelosi Steny
Hoyer and Adam Schiff are bullshitting
you at the top of their lungs they're
lying to you they're not lying to Russia
they're not lying to Fox News they're
lying to you the American citizen there
are liars when they say Trump is such an
existential threat why wouldn't you try
to limit his power why would you why
would you vote to give him all this
power because you're bullshitters
that's why because you're against Trump
because it looked like he wasn't gonna
go along with the military industrial
complexes war mongering but now he is
there's a little bit more to this the
bill also consolidates the FBI's legal
authority to search those communications
without a warrant
under current you're handing that over
to Jeff Sessions and Trump right now
you're they handed that over to Jeff
Sessions and Trump under current rules
the NSA shares certain kinds of
information it collects under section
702 with the FBI whose agents can then
search it in the course of investigating
crimes unrelated to national security in
a secret court hearing in 2015 a lawyer
for the Justice Department compared the
frequency of those searches to the use
of Google
unfortunately 55 Democrats led by
representative Adam Schiff lent their
support to legislation and implicitly
signed on to the racist xenophobic
language used by the intelligence
community committee majority that
expands domestic surveillance and gives
reason for every American to be fearful
of their government a swing of just 26
Democrats would have defeated the
measure that's activist Daniel Schumann
said that so that's what's happening
there Democrats just sold you out again
just sold you out again they sold out
the DAK of people before Christmas they
sold everybody out on the Pentagon
budget they stole everybody out of that
that's including Elizabeth Warren and
now here we go more for Tom and they're
all voting for Trump's cabinet of picks
they all vote there with them so let me
throw it over to our guest Dave Ryan
it's Dave there you go nice job on
resistance and you know the fact that
it's 26 Democrats means that there were
Republicans that voted against this so
again you know the name doesn't mean as
much as we may think it means in terms
of what party you're going to write you
know so it's just and the fact that they
compared
to Google is so illustrative of the
power that they have and so yes so my
understanding of that means that they
can just type into a search engine hey
you know Americans who did this
ya know smoking weed whatever it is and
all of a sudden they're just gonna get
search results and okay let's with
this guy let's with all that guy
subscribes to Jimmy Dore yeah oh that
guy does this yes that guy it's not good
I mean people forget J Edgar Hoover
people people don't realize you're
giving this to Trump who everyone who
everyone on the left center and
center-right agrees is a mega lo mein
megalomaniac and yet and and unhinged
and a danger why don't we just give him
the power to warrant lead us spy on
everybody and then use that against them
give it to the to Jeff cheston's Justice
Department and the FBI and Trump and
we're really so scared of Russians
hacking in they can hack into this it's
not like they're not gonna figure out a
way to get access to this very same
database that the FBI is using right
they're all just hacking each other
they're all stealing each other's
secrets Amazon has all this in a cloud
right
I'm guessing up most of this is in the
Amazon Cloud cuz that's the six hundred
million dollar deal they gave Jeff Bezos
amazing remember Jeff Bezos bought the
Washington Post for 250 million a couple
months later the CIA gave him six
hundred million yeah turns out you
didn't really lose any money buying the
boys jump post because he said in bed
with the CIA like don't worry we'll take
care of that for you
but you make sure you do this for us all
right and then you run the paper and you
say nice things about us which they do
which they do in that funny the richest
guy in the world Jeff Bezos
is in bed with the CIA and the Pentagon
and now this and Jeff Bezos is the one
storing all this information that's
being taken from you unconstitutionally
the richest guy in the world who also by
the way has all your data half of all
internet purchases go through Amazon 51%
of homes in America have Amazon Prime if
only there was another program that
wouldn't oh yeah we actually had bill
Binney on this show and he talked about
that and I found one of his quotes that
he said I knew the dangers so I built-in
protections and that was for thin thread
and you could still find the bad guys
with those protections in it
that wasn't what they wanted so they
took those things out yes
so what bill binney who's an NSA
whistleblower was on our show what he
told us was that he invented a thing
called thinthread
which is the metadata gathering and
analysis but he did it in a way that's
constitutional he designed a system
which was unbelievably complicated which
matched every cell phone in the world
with other cell phones
he then pioneered this new metadata
analysis so he could predict things he
would have predicted 9/11 had they been
using thin thread the important thing
about thin thread is it kept
everybody's identity secret so it didn't
violate the Constitution they got rid of
that why so they can give billions of
dollars to Booz Allen and whoever else
is to collecting the data at a private
company in the United States states
that's why they did that for billions of
dollars and they got rid of Bill Benny's
plan which was better it was better more
elegant and cheaper way cheaper and it
kept your identity private that is just
we just found out they don't want to
keep your identity private you know why
cuz they want to do with J Edgar Hoover
on your ass so if you want to start if I
want to organize a protest against Wall
Street they're gonna have my data
they're gonna me they're gonna go
all guess what we have all your internet
searches guess what we're gonna is we're
gonna smear you we're gonna blackmail
you I'm gonna give all this data to a
newspaper guy who's working for the CIA
who's gonna write a column about how
 up you are that's how it works
that's how it works
people go is that a conspiracy why would
we need a spy agency if there weren't
conspiracies happening that's why you
have a spy agency to crack conspiracies
why is conspiracy such a negative term
because the CIA invented conspiracy
theorists so we could shut down people
who are onto their and it works
like a charm this bill is a
conspiracy yes that's what it is there
are two people working together to
create a reality that they want yet
they're conspiring to fill the pockets
of pry
but contractors who are gonna collect
all your data but billions of dollars
and they're conspiring to take away your
constitutional rights and they're
conspiring to make it look like they're
doing it for you and they're not and the
only basis for this is you know making
sure that they're keeping you scared
that's right I mean this is just a giant
taking your shoes off the air this isn't
right this is the Oh Isis head they're
cutting people's heads off with knives
we have to drop twenty thousand bombs
why don't we drive twenty thousand
knives so here and and the course the
mass media goes right along with it the
establishment media which is why we have
a show here's a New York Times talking
about Chelsea this is how they treat by
the way I don't know if you remember
they're supposed to work together to
release a lot of this stuff that Chelsea
Manning uncovered New York Times
originally was working with WikiLeaks
and Chelsea Manning did you know that
they were originally gonna do all this
together until the Bush administration
told them to better not and so here's
here's just some of the stuff I'll read
you some of the stuff in the year this
is their Twitter feed New York Times
opinion on the left self defeating him
on the left self defeating embrace of
Chelsea Manning as a civil liberties
heroine that's the first one the second
one says not since vogue ran a piece
about Ozma Assad has it celebrated such
a morally compromised figure as Chelsea
Manning this is the New York Times
there's another tweet Chelsea Manning
put hundreds of lives at risk but the
left embraces her because she is a
transgender celebrity that's from the
 New York Times this is the
resistance oh how are we gonna resist
Trump everybody better get a
subscription to The New York time
remember that
you mean the newspaper that
fired Chris Hedges when he told the
truth about the Iraq war and let and the
same one that led us into the Iraq war
that newspaper
that's your resistance the same
newspaper that shits on heroes truth
tellers whistleblowers this is a New
York Times slandering a
whistleblower
who was tortured for the crime of
informing the American people about the
war crimes their government was
committing in secret and the New York
Times wouldn't tell you about them guess
who had the balls to tell you about them
Chelsea Manning ironically and WikiLeaks
guess who didn't the New York Times the
one who led us into the war didn't have
the balls to tell us the truth about the
war in fact they fired people who did
tell us the truth about it like Chris
Hedges and then they slander and smear
people who expose crimes up in the war
that's what the New York Times is now
you know why we have a show and now you
know why there's there's more let's
see what the next one is vogue is is
vogue is vetting is that a word feting
fe t ing bogus vetting Chelsea Manning
with little regard for the fact that she
jeopardized innocent lives around the
world now on life not one life could
they ever point to this is just the New
York Times doing propaganda let's
remember what Malcolm X told us if
you're not careful the newspapers will
have you hating the people who are being
oppressed and loving the people who are
doing the oppressing that's what the New
York Times is trying to do any person
willing to give up a little bit of
Liberty for a little bit of safety
deserves neither liberty nor safety
Benjamin Franklin Jimmy I want to add to
that you know bill Binney said in 2008
after they passed the of the five-year
extension of FISA he said people should
feel the ability to go out there and do
anything that they want to without being
looked at all the time
monitored or watched and he says so the
terrorists win the terrorists won the
terrorists have won are you kidding me I
got to have unemploy an airport employee
filled my balls to get on a plane
terrorists have won and now the
government spies on you against the
Constitution and the establishment media
establishment politicians all go along
with
that hilarious who's this Ben Franklin
guy can we get him to run maybe we
should get Ben Franklin to run for
something I don't think maybe he wasn't
born here he might can't be a president
he's from Kenya I think you Kenya can
you be a president all right so there
you have it now you know why we have a
show that's this is why we have a show
because of the New York Times is so
