hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
Show I'm here with Ron plaque oh hey Ron
how are you hey Jimmy how's it going I'm
doing good
hey you could see us we're doing a live
Jimmy Dore show October 12th in Burbank
and Ron's doing a West Coast tour where
you going
yeah November 2nd I'll be in Sacramento
November 3rd San Francisco November 17th
Santa Barbara and then November 23rd
I'll be in Pittsburgh tickets for all
those available Ron plug on Comm so the
Democrats are the resistance that's what
they say they're the resistance they're
resisting Trump except they're not the
Democrats just enough Democrats joining
to regulate Wall Street all the
Democrats joined in giving the guy who's
a cremini a crazy person who's a
Manchurian Candidate he's actually
working for the Russians they gave him
an extra eighty billion dollars for
bombs
isn't that funny if you really thought
he was working for the Russians why
would you give him extra money for bombs
and now they're standing up to his
judicial nominees I mean I mean what am
i mean he they're actually fast tracking
them they're actually fast tracking this
the Republicans who wouldn't even give a
hearing to the Supreme Court nominee of
Barack Obama for a year
Chuck Schumer's gonna fast-track their
lifetime appointments Senate Democrats
just gave a huge gift to President
Donald Trump they agreed to expedite
votes on 15 of his nominees to lifetime
federal court seats because they wanted
to go home that's some killer Labor Day
plans some of them they wanted to go
home and camp that's what they said they
wanted to go home and campaign Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell had lined up
votes for all those District Court
nominees last week normally Senate rules
required the 30 hours of waiting time
for each nominee something Democrats
typically take advantage of to delay
action on confirming Trump judges know
they had fishing trips to go on but
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer cut a deal
with McConnell on Tuesday to bypass the
wait times and let them all get through
no you guys completely obstructed Barack
Obama's court appointments and whatever
it's punishment for that we're gonna
fast-track everything you want see how
we fight we're the resistance why did
they do that so the Democrats could get
back to campaigning and focusing on
winning re-election in November the
Senate is now out of session until next
Tuesday of the 15 nominees six were
confirmed by voice vote on Tuesday
another one was confirmed on a recorded
vote the remaining eight will get quick
votes next week and one of those is just
gonna be a text message they're just
gonna it is a major win for Trump and
McConnell who's number one priority is
filling up federal courts with
conservative judges many of whom are
incredibly anti-abortion anti LGBTQ
rights and anti voting rights Chuck
Schumer got a fast-track dose Trump has
gotten 26 circuit court judges confirmed
more than any other president at this
point in the term what are they doing
another way of putting it one in seven
US Circuit Court seats is now filled by
a judge nominated by Trump it would have
taken only one Democratic senator to say
no to letting the nominees through this
week but none did one even Bernie
Sanders didn't Bernie's playing ball
Elizabeth Warren didn't Bernie didn't
Kamala Harris did it that's surprising
cory booker fighter of the people for
the people by drove the people trading
this many lifetime positions away for a
couple days back home in the dead of
august is a metaphor for how myopic the
democrats approach has been at this dark
moment in history said Brian Fallon who
awkwardly guess what he used to do
he was chuck schumer's chief
spokesperson before he's ripping chuck
schumer even he's ripping him do you
understand that Chuck shooter doesn't
really have any dignity he doesn't
really have at all any integrity do you
realize that Chuck Schumer is just a
lying cheater corrupt of the highest
magnitude who puts on his suit and
glasses
doesn't even wear the glasses right and
does anymore so you think he's a white
guy in a suit and glasses and he and
he's nominated and he's you know the
Democrats I'll put him as a leader which
they didn't that Wall Street does so I
can't he can't be a thousand percent
full of it Kenny yes he does he have any
integrity no these guys don't care he is
now the executive director of demand
justice a progressive judicial advocacy
group that's Brian Fallon she took
Schumer's previous spokesperson chief
spokesperson well it's interesting to
note too and I'm not super familiar with
demand justice like I don't know what
ton about that group but it's always
interesting when you see somebody who
started you know working with elected
officials that then decides I'm gonna
work on a cause instead yeah because
it's like III kind of read it how change
really works we should get that guy on
the show mm-hmm
and that Trump put Neal gorsek on the
Supreme Court and is poised to get
another justice through Brett Kavanaugh
and you've got a president dramatically
reshaping the nation's courts for
generations an entire branch of
government is being lost for generations
and Senate Democrats are willfully blind
to it
so people with power who could actually
stand up and do something aren't they're
not doing anything but you got to vote
blue so people will wag their finger at
me because do you hope I remember people
I'm panel after panel screaming at me
about the judicial appointments that
Trump's gonna make well guess who
doesn't give a about it the
Democrats who are actually in power even
Bernie Sanders not one person is
standing up so you're still gonna wag
your finger at a nightclub comedian with
no money and no power and blame the
judicial system on me because I wouldn't
vote for a corporatist war monger or are
you gonna actually start now like a
grown up and holding people in power
responsible and accountable we know the
answer to that they're going to keep
wagging their finger at people like me
with no money and no power and they're
going to keep turning their head and
turning a blind eye to the Democrats who
keep selling you out every goddamn day
if people knew how much the Democrats
and Barack Obama sold us out you would
never stop screaming if people read that
book listen liberal they'd never stop
screaming so all the people who have
opposed me or are people who are on the
Left who are frustrated with me and the
fact that I wouldn't support a
corporatist war monger anymore I
wouldn't keep doing that like we've been
doing for the last 40 years
those people none of them have read
listen liberal none of them have read
listen liberal just so you know that I
have which is why I'm now radical
because I saw a history of what the
Democrats did to their party to the
workers to minorities and to the economy
and to progressives so I'm acutely aware
in the coming months and you saw an
entire branch of government is being
lost for generations and the Senate
Democrats won't do a goddamn thing if I
was a Senate Democrat I would oppose it
I would stand up I would stop
why wouldn't they stop it this is to me
this is way way WAY worse than voting
your conscience and voting for Green
Party candidate would you say this is
way way way way worse than that uh yeah
because I don't think voting your
conscience is a bad thing and
furthermore I think you know especially
a lot of people in my generation we've
never felt this strong allegiance to the
Democratic Party ever we always just
felt like well if we have this a or B
choice they're a little clearer and then
what happened in 2016 and what continues
to happen with stories like this all of
our worst suspicions were confirmed so
now we're figuring out what to do next
yeah you got a vote blue no matter who
that gives you that gives you the votes
to oppose Trump like the votes that Joe
Donnelly cast and Joe Manchin cast and
people like that yeah Claire McCaskill
yep yep an entire branch of government
is being lost for generations and Senate
Democrats are willfully blind to it in
the coming months and years
these same Democrats will issue outrage
statements about the rulings issued by
these very judges that they could not be
bothered to try to slow down it is
pathetic he says that's Chuck Schumer is
old chief spokesperson but delaying
action on Trump's judges is one of the
few ways Democrats can do something to
push back on his agenda they could have
caused more trouble for McConnell by
requiring recorded votes since it takes
at least 51 votes to advance any
judicial nominee and guess what John
McCain is dead so they only have 50
votes right now 50 to 49 and it's very
rare that there's 50 Republican senators
in DC in the Senate chamber at the same
time given that the partisan breakdown
in the Senate is 50 49 and that
McConnell has had attendance issues with
his members that's what I'm just talking
about it's easy to see some of these
judicial
he's not getting through or at least
being beset by delays McConnell Mitch
McConnell when he was in the minority
Mitch McConnell was the master of
delaying action on judicial nominees
under President Obama
McConnell leaned on every procedural
tool in the book to delay or deny votes
Obama's court to Obama's Court picks
including of course denying a
confirmation hearing for his Supreme
Court nominee Merrick garland so again
this is the old story a book the
Republicans know how to fight they don't
bend
they don't buckle and Democrats can't
wait because they're chosen the under
standard shows that the donors are
telling Chuck Schumer to let these
judges go through the donors aren't and
he says okay that's why that's why this
is happening and he tells Bernie you
gotta let these go through or we're not
gonna let you run as a Democrat Bernie
goes okay progressive groups desperately
want Democrats to play a similar game of
hardball but it hasn't happened no you
think no know that happening get this
there's a last thing from that article
most of these district court nominees
are uncontroversial but one of them
Charles Goodwin was rated quote not
qualified to be a judge by the American
Bar Association oh six Democrats join
Republicans to confirm him anyway
yeah it's not even that the Democrats
aren't playing hardball they're not
playing ball at all they're laying down
on the field and saying we give up
they're not even playing wiffle ball no
they're not even playing kickball the
Democrats aren't playing well they are
playing well I'm telling you this is
what you this is why half the country
doesn't vote this is why and you still
want to wag your finger at the people
who actually turn up to vote this is why
because the Democrats don't do a guy
they rolled on daca they rolled on this
they rolled on the Pentagon they roll
down deregulating Wall Street but
they're not rolling there actually that
they want to do this Chuck Schumer wants
to do this why does Chuck Schumer want
to do this because his donors want him
to do this so he doesn't give a he
doesn't give a about you
at all at all they don't care anything
about docking paint they don't care
about immigrants they don't care about
anything
these people are megalomaniacs Chuck
Schumer is your enemy but you gotta vote
blue got a vote blue no matter who vote
blue no matter who Alyssa Milano will
tell you atom gentle s'en that's a great
name he says this comes down to
leadership Senate Democrat leaders could
take a stand and station one centered
around the floor at all times
to object forcing McConnell to jump
through interminable hurdles and produce
fifty one votes twice for each nominee
likely resulting in fewer lifetime trump
judges but Chuck Schumer ain't gonna do
any of that
nothing nothing do you know how the
Republicans just laugh they must just be
laughing
they just Mitch McConnell and all the
Ted Cruz and all those lindsey graham's
they must just be laughing their heads
off they never paid a price for
obstructing Barack Obama's choices they
never paid a price for that nothing and
what is their punishment for obstructing
Barack Obama for eight years and
expecting his Supreme Court there their
punishment is they Chuck Schumer goes
how can I help how can I help you guys
mr. Trump you yet you want some judges
lifetime even Chuck Schumer is old chief
of spokesperson can't take it but what
I'm supposed to take it you're supposed
to take it Ron progressives are supposed
to take in and keep voting for these
guys I'm done I'm not voting for these
guys I'm not voting for any Democrat Oh
takes corporate money I'm not voting for
them that's that's just it I don't care
who they're running against if you want
me to vote for someone running against
someone horrible don't put up someone
who's a horrible also I mean
that's the irony in all this blue no
matter who gets us this flu no matter
who assists Trump doesn't oppose him
you're 100% right
100% right okay so the Democrats are
even worse than I thought they were
gonna be and getting ready for four more
years of Trump and get ready for four
more years of Russia Russia Russia and
scapegoating thanks for watching please
make sure you're subscribed even if you
think you are you're probably not it
only takes a second to check and then
you have to ring that Bell so they send
you a notification when we drop a new
video otherwise they won't tell you when
we drop new videos and if you like our
show please help support it become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we give a live
stream we do a live stream every
Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time when
you could ask us questions and we answer
them back thanks for your support
[Music]
