everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore show
I'm here with Katy helper from the Katy
helper show hi Katy
hi Jimmy good to see you everybody check
out her podcast we'll put a link
underneath right now we're going to talk
about Bernie Sanders made a big speech
yesterday about Yemen and I want to let
you know what's happening in Yemen okay
so first of all this is from the
intercept right and just to let you know
what's happening there the US military
currently provides vital support to the
saudi-led incursion in Yemen Saudi
Arabia began its bombing campaign in
March 2015
aiming to restore Yemen's former Saudi
back president Abdul Rahman so Hadi to
power so Saudi Arabia wants to overthrow
the government in Yemen and the United
States is like cool we'll sell you the
arms to do it you go bomb the poorest
people in the world we'll help you all
the way around and then we'll pretend
like we're the good guys what they're
doing in Yemen is called siege warfare
now I don't know if you know what that
is that's a war crime that's a war crime
they just literally prosecuted someone
in the international court just just got
a convicted on a war crime for doing
siege warfare that's what we're doing in
Yemen and what that means what siege
warfare is it comes from the medieval
times as you you block everything off
that the people need to live all
supplies while anything you can
that's called siege warfare and that's a
war crime and we're we're heavily
participating in it in Yemen one of the
poorest countries in the world and we're
killing people left and right so that's
what's happening and we're all doing at
the behest of Saudi Arabia now why are
we friends with Saudi Arabia and why are
we friends with other countries that
have more of a democracy like Saudi
Arabia is completely a torrid Aryan main
theocracy they behead people still in
the streets all that stubble they're
unbelievably oppressive to women why are
we friends with them petrol dollar
that's why I were friends with them
because in the 70s Nixon went off the
gold standard and he got out Saudi
Arabia to promise to monetize all
purchases of oil in u.s. dollars that's
called the petro dollar
so that's what props up our dollar our
economy the whole thing and then we
promised Saudi Arabia you will do all
your bidding for war anywhere you want
us to do and that's what this is so
that's what this is you know Saudi
Arabia offered to pay for us to invade
Syria they offered pay for it all
if you invade Syria that's what they did
okay so there's a little bit more to
that Hadi was deposed in 2014 by a Zadie
Shiite rebel group commonly known as the
Houthis so the there you go to post the
US has supported the campaign for almost
three years providing targeting
intelligence weapons and mineral
refuelling support for Saudi warplanes
but neither the Obama administration nor
the Trump administration has publicly
outlined the legal basis for the u.s.
role in the conflict so what they keep
using is this what they gave George Bush
after 9/11 was called the Defense
Authorization what does it call ground
defense authorization for military
action yes that's it and so what that
what that did was give the president the
ability to go fight al Qaeda and
terrorism anywhere he saw fit so now if
you have to do is say oh others there's
Isis in Yemen so we show there's Isis in
Syria
oh those Isis that that's all you have
to do now we can have a war for as long
as you want
some people have pushed back against it
like in September ROH Khanna Tom Massey
mark Pocan Walter Jones those are all
people in Congress they introduced a
similar War Powers Resolution to try to
force a vote on US support for the war
in Yemen so what they're trying to do is
take control back of declaring war to
the Congress right that's what the
founding fathers wanted it to be that's
where it should be it should be in the
body that's closest to the people so
senior members of both parties including
representative Steny Hoyer and the
Democratic Minority Whip initially
opposed that effort so the Democrats are
again pro war we have two parties pro
management pro war that's how you get
Trump that measure also met with stiff
resistance from the Saudi government
which maintains one of the largest
lobbying operations in Washington Brown
stting Brownstein Hyatt Farber Shrek a
lobbying firm and
hired by the Saudi government so you
want to know who's influencing our
government is it the Russians or is it
the Saudis the Saudis are coming the
Saudis are coming the Saudis are coming
so a hundred thing they have hired this
PR firm this lobbying firm and they're
paying them 100 grand a month retainer
to to make sure stuff like that doesn't
happen those resolutions that ro Khanna
wanted to impose but they're lobbying
against our own government
Elizabeth gora former senior Democratic
staffer now works at that lobbying group
Brownstein she's the policy director on
the Saudi account and she corresponded
with the intercept by email on November
30 she corresponded by email on November
13th with representatives from offices
of Hoyer and representative eliot engel
the ranking members of the House Foreign
Affairs Committee to discuss the role
Khanna resolution so there you go so
there's a former Democratic staffer
working for Saudi Arabia getting paid
handsomely to now lobby our government
on behalf of Saudi Arabia to do more war
and that awesome
another Brownstein hyatt lobbyists a
Korea's Fuster correspondent on the same
day with the office of representative
Seth Moulton of Democratic Massachusetts
to discuss the resolution so there they
are there they're lobbying influencing
our legislators but get this several
lawmakers last year tried to use the
National Defense Authorization Act
that's what I told you about that's what
gives the president the power to do war
unilaterally whenever he feels like it
without the authorization from Congress
so the National Defense Authorization
Act which sets the annual Defense
Department budget to bring a halt to the
war in the house representative Rick
Nolan Democrat Minnesota and Warren
Davidson representative of Ohio offered
amendments to the NDAA to influence the
war on Yemen so the Nolan amendments
would have prohibited the deployment of
US troops in the conflict and the
Davidson amendment would have blocked US
involvement not authorized by the 2001
authorization for use of military force
do they call that um that's what I call
in my head um the authorization for use
of military force that's what I call it
in my head
the amendments passed but were later
stripped out of the conference committee
why why were they stripped out so they
did they pass these so our government
says yeah let's go ahead and reign in
our Yemen and get rein in the powers of
the Alford motor a prominent Democratic
lobbyist with Brownstein Hyatt and a
former fundraiser for Hillary Clinton's
presidential campaign disclosed that he
helped Saudi Arabia influence the NDA
amendments in that awesome so you got
Democrats working with foreign
governments to get us to do more war
other Saudi lobbyists stepped in as well
Howard buck mckeon a former senior GOP
representative who retired from Congress
to open his own lobbying shop the McKeon
group is also paid by the Saudi
government to help maintain political
support for the war in Yemen and that
awesome as if they were paid by Russia
to maintain support for a denotes Assad
in Syria
imagine that isn't that awesome McKeon
and his lobbying firm helped his Saudi
clients influence the NDAA amendments to
Yemen as well as the counter resolution
McKeon notably also lobby lawmakers to
support the Trump administration's
decision to sell so-called precision
guided munitions or pgms to Saudi Arabia
so there you go there it is you want a
foreign government influencing our arm
there it is so but no one's talking
about that right no one says anything
about that awesome that no one says
anything about that and they're also the
most anti-democratic I mean if people
have a problem with with Putin with
Russia they're actually desolate yeah
this is like I mean as you said
theocracy totally repressive brutal
misogynist very authoritarian and you
know brutal theocracy that's what the
government there yes no doubt about it
there's no doubt and also I think that
um it's funny I I think that the u.s.
it's like we only want maybe we only
want to support like one siege at a time
so we've already supporting Israel and
Gaza so maybe we don't want to spread
ourselves too thin right we need to be
committed we should just stick to one
let one see yeah once
/ once these at the time like because we
are young it is it is borderline siege
warfare in Gaza I mean that is that is
what the people have described it as an
open-air prison yeah yeah Finkelstein
does a lot it's a book that just came
out about this um but is what's
interesting is Israel and Saturday
Arabia they're really different
obviously but they're both supported by
the United States it's just that in the
case of Israel we always brag about that
yeah um Saudi Arabia we try to keep it
under the table right but there are two
governments that I mean it it's just
like a total a Shanda if you will the
little Yiddish word for shame but it is
it's a real it's a shame that we that we
empower either of those governments they
do horrible and you know president Trump
President Trump
they say it's he's a Putin puppet he's
rough so he's got business dealings in
Russia and he owes money and one he
opened up eight businesses in Saudi
Arabia during the campaign right no one
cares yeah and no one gives a right
cuz it doesn't fit into Hillary
Clinton's narrative that the Russian
stole the election Bernie Sanders talked
about this yesterday gave a speech
because they are trying to rein this in
our war in Yemen they're trying to take
away the power of the presidents who do
war unilaterally like they've been doing
since 9/11 and here's what he had to say
about and it goes without saying that
every armed conflict that the United
States of America is engaged in must be
consistent with the Constitution of the
United States and be lawful let us make
no mistake about it article 1 section 8
of the Constitution states in no
uncertain terms that Congress shall have
power to declare war Congress shall have
power declare war the founding fathers
gave the power to declare war to
Congress the branch most accountable to
the people for far too long
Congress on the Democratic and
Republican administrations has abdicated
its constitutional role in authorizing
war the time is long overdue for
Congress to reassert its constitutional
authority and that is what senators Lee
a senator Murphy and I are doing
with this privileged resolution that we
are introducing many Americans are
unaware that the people of Yemen are
suffering today in a devastating civil
war with Saudi Arabia and their allies
on one side and Houthi rebels on the
other
in November of this year the United
Nations emergency relief coordinator
said that Yemen was on the brink of
quote the largest famine the world has
seen for many decades end quote so far
at least 10,000 civilians have died in
over 40 thousand have been wounded in
the war and three million people have
been displaced many Americans are also
not aware that US forces have been
actively involved in support of the
Saudis in this war
providing intelligence and aerial
refueling of planes whose bombs have
killed thousands of people and made this
crisis far worse we believe that as
Congress has not declared war or
authorized military force in this
conflict the United States involvement
in Yemen is unconstitutional and
unauthorized and US military support of
the Saudi coalition must end without
congressional authorization our
engagement in this war should be
restricted to providing desperately
needed humanitarian aid and diplomatic
efforts to resolve it that is why today
senator Lee and I and Senator Murphy are
introducing a joint resolution pursuant
to the 1973 Wars power War Powers
Resolution calling for an end to us
support for the Saudi war in Yemen the
War Powers Resolution defines the
introduction of US Armed Forces to
include quote the assignment of members
of such Armed Forces to command
coordinate participate in the movement
of or accompany the regular or irregular
forces of any foreign country of
government when such military forces are
engaged or there exists an imminent
threat that such forces will become
engaged in hostilities end of quote
assisting with targeting intelligence
and refueling airplanes as they bomb
these targets clearly meets this
definition this is not a partisan issue
support for the Saudi intervention in
Yemen began under a Democratic president
and has continued under a Republican
president senator Lee is a conservative
Republican
I am a progressive independent who
caucuses with the Democrats in November
of last year
the House of Representatives with a
strong bipartisan vote voted
overwhelmingly for a non-binding
resolution stating that US involvement
in the Yemen Civil War is unauthorized
only 30 members of the House voted
against that resolution and that is what
we are saying today we are an agreement
with the vast majority of the Democrats
and Republicans in the house so this is
pops abide by the way that was great
that was great by Bernie what do you
have anything that doesn't get a lot of
credit for his foreign policy stances
people love during the primary one of
the big talking points was like he
doesn't know what he's doing is my
experience as opposed to Hillary Clinton
whose experience in doing the wrong
thing so I'll take that first of all yes
but you know he's always managed to be
on the right side of things throughout
history and the guy's been around for a
while and he's he was I guess some
proved the Libya thing there not with a
lot of enthusiasm I don't think most
people knew what was going on there but
he's you know he's been he was on the
right side of the iran-contra scandal as
in he didn't want to support torturers
and violate you know lie to Congress
even though Joanne read pointed out that
he thought it would have been am what's
the word made him vulnerable the fact
that he had supported the Sandinistas as
if supporting the Contras would have
been a better right and you know he was
against the war in Iraq and he was great
you know he didn't condone and help kind
of facilitate ex post facto a coup in
Honduras you know people don't
I think people underestimate how good he
is on foreign policy issues and this is
an example there are three people who
introduced this right and he's one but
he's one of them yeah yeah so it's good
to see him do that like thanks we talked
about Gro kana and a bunch of other
people got it I the only 30 people voted
against it in the Congress so I mean in
the house so but you know I see the
reference by so I can't trust them yeah
I know do you ever think we'll be able
to rein in the power of the President to
do you so what is it what it does is
after so the president can respond to a
threat for 60 days and then after 60
days that's it you got to get
congressional approval if you want to
keep going and so that's what they're
trying to introduce here that's what
they're trying to hold the president's
feet to the fire on and that's what
they're trying to make happen but right
now we've just been again we've been in
Afghanistan for 17 years don't regret a
minute of it 17 years three more years
that war gets a gold watch so I just
want to show that to you so you know
what's happening in Yemen you know we're
a part of it so when someone says we're
in Syria to help people or and let me to
help people it's all it's never never
ever our military is never ever anywhere
to help anyone ever it's really that's a
really important takeaway I mean
seriously people I don't know how people
still believe it I do know how people
still believe it nationalism is a hell
of a drug it's very powerful and we have
a lot of PR people working on this but
you know we haven't really fought on the
right side of a war since World War two
and when people say by the way I can't
believe this when people say that the
Russia stuff which is so overblown and
Maximas all came on my show the other
day and said something like you know
this big dam I can't remember his head
had claimed that Russia spent most of
its money targeting swing states purple
states yeah and he said they actually
only spent $1,000 in Michigan and
Wisconsin key swing states which may
have been a thousand that was more than
Hillary spent because she ran the horse
campaign of every witness but when they
say this is the next Pearl Harbor they
realize what they're announcing is a
desire to fight up world war three yes
because World War two was the last war
that we
for the right reasons it also had only
could happen after Pearl Harbor
I mean FDR didn't really have the
support to bring to have the u.s.
entered the war until that happened
right so while that was a good war we
should this clearly wouldn't would not
be I mean we don't even know what we're
fighting in Russia right but um it's
really important because you know
Vietnam wrong Korea wrong Afghanistan
some libs think Afghanistan was okay so
let's give that to them even though
there are no wrong Iraq wrong right yeah
I told whole row the first limbs like to
say that the first Gulf War was a good
one no that was a bad one also we've all
been bad so if you honestly think that
the u.s. is fighting out of a commitment
to democracy that is just you're
ignoring history and you're ignoring
facts you can't look at the u.s.
supporting Saudi Arabia and for a second
you know this isn't complicated it's
like I don't know the Saudis the Yemenis
like you know we our government via the
CIA has tried to topple any democracies
in the Middle East and to instead Latin
America and Latin American put in strong
right wingers as strongmen and why
because they're easier to control
because you know what they're gonna do
democracy's messy and they might they
might want to take the oil for
themselves yeah you can't have that you
can't have democracy breaking up they
might have there might be socialism and
then people would know socialism works
look at um look at like Henry Kissinger
he's still he should be persona non
grata he should be not allowed to leave
your apartment he should be living
underground somewhere in a bunker right
but no he's you know he's a statesman
he's honored he come he's trotted out
his opinion matters and and not in the
way that it's like Kissinger said X so
let's definitely do y know it's
Kissinger said X so let's do X yeah yeah
this is a guy who oversaw you know who
