hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i am here you can see my shirt on
the inside it has a different color
color that's how you know it's a nice
i'm here with mike prisoner from eyes
left podcast and abby martin from empire
files hi thanks for coming thanks for
coming into my studio i appreciate you
making the trip and we talked about this
on saturday show but it I got a response
so we're gonna revisit it the MSNBC
tweeted this out new Democrats vote to
strip super-delegates of power and
reform caucuses ahead of the 2020
presidential race Donna Brazile tweeted
out Democrats voted to remove to remove
automatic delegates from the first round
of voting now the first problem with
this tweet is already apparent she calls
super-delegates automatic delegates
which is gaslighting 101 so there she is
out of automatic delegates oh they're
automatic they're not super tell oh
that's that's just like sounds like
something that just Jesus created when
he invented political parties what do
you have your automatic automatic I
didn't so it doesn't sound as corrupt as
super-delegates which is corrupt so she
says Democrats voted to remove automatic
delegates from the first round of voting
which is everyone's cheering this right
i mean like grassroots people activists
even people went on hunger strikes to
see this happen even Tom Perez to
realize that they had to do this say so
they did this but Donna Brazile did not
want this to happen in fact she gave a
10-minute impassioned speech supporting
super-delegates did you hear about that
no that she did so she so she says
Democrats voted to remove automatic
delegates from the first round of voting
but we still have seats at the table we
are still in the room and very much
capable of setting the menu
hashtag power rising so what she really
should have put it was a hashtag power
to the powerful because that's what she
what she is doing and I think she
screwed up and didn't realize that she
wasn't sending an email to her friend
who are donors and what she did was she
tweeted this out like oh my god that's
what we're this is my private position
not my public position that so what
she's telling voters grassroots
activists progressives everybody who was
for getting rid of super-delegates what
she's telling you is we're still gonna
stick we still set the agenda we're
still we've still gonna find way to
nullify your votes and the elites are
still driving this bus so as much as you
think you matter you do not matter we
still matter more and who is she saying
this to she's saying this to her donors
because they're nervous they're like
well now we don't have any control over
who becomes your nominee I don't want to
give you guys all this money if we can't
control you are you gonna let Bernie
Sanders become the goddamn nominee
that's what this is and so what she's
saying is don't know huh don't worry
don't worry
just like we totally cheated him last
time we have many ways to cheat him this
time that's what that to me that's what
that is saying so do you I'll be throw
it over do you think that's what she's
saying my god no she's talking about the
kind of democracy that they want like
you can sit at the table and decide on
things but we set the menu meaning we
get to decide what you're gonna get to
decide on yeah so yes it's more
democratic but you only get to discuss
and decide about the things that we put
on the menu yeah like if if we don't
want to talk about medicare-for-all and
you don't get to talk about it either
you don't get to vote on it don't worry
if we don't put it on the menu they
don't get to have it that's what she's
so she's reassuring her donor class
right and is astounding that she said
this publicly again I mean she was the
you know she was the center of all the
controversy with the feeding elections
to Hillary Clinton she did that public
resignation what was at CNN that she was
a host for I mean it's just amazing to
me that she's coming out there and she's
like no no no she's like don't worry
about this because everyone was all
excited about stripping super-delegates
she's like no no no we're still setting
everything I mean it who are these
people how out of touch are they with
normal people they don't acknowledge an
equality they don't acknowledge the
reality of this country they're just
straight up talking to their corporate
donors and that's all they are I so I do
believe if I sent this to my friend
Stevo who hosts aggressive progressives
with me at the Young Turks and he three
times emailed me back what am I missing
what is she saying that I don't
understand because because he can't
believe that she did that so he was
literally like I have to be missing
something and I'm like you're not
missing anything he writes back come on
I have to be missing this can't be what
they're and I'm like no this she's
literally doing what you think she's
doing Steve
she's reassuring donors publicly that
don't worry we still control the party
don't worry about those pesky voters it
would be like Tom Perez being like don't
worry we're gonna immediately ban this
fossil fuel thing again like don't worry
guys I know that this is like a public
thing it's all fake so two months ago
let me just what to her point two months
ago they took a vote at the DNC and
overwhelmingly they sided to not take
fossil fuel donations anymore that got a
lot of headlines two months later just
recently they did it in secret they
overturn that rule so she's saying this
is her going don't worry we could
overturn this at any time we want anyway
don't worry about it and we can do it in
secret so here's what Peter do says you
tell him down a Democrat elites will
still be deciding what the peasants of
pans get to eat thank you very much
hashtag own together hashtag still
withering that's what that says that's
what that says by the way Donna's you
know Donna's original tweet only got
like 165 likes his thing got 792 then I
said dot so I tweeted this out Donna
Brazile comforts the powerful over
super-delegates reminding them not to
fret as they still have control over the
party and can nullify will of voters
power to the powerful hashtag the
resistance is the assistance so she
comes back at me she comes back at me
she says please do not speak for me I
don't know what kind of you know that
just goes to show you what a
disingenuous debater Donna Brazile is
because we know she's a cheater and a
liar already because that's why she had
to resign from CNN she got caught lying
and cheating and who was she cheating
she was cheating you she was cheating
the progressive people she wasn't
cheating the Republicans she wasn't
cheating the Russians she wasn't
cheating the Iranians or al Qaeda
she was cheating you the American people
she was cheating half the goddamn
Democratic Party you
and eventually the entire country that's
what she was cheating she wasn't
cheating our enemies she was cheating us
and she had to resign because she's a
frickin cheater and a liar
and she says please do not speak for me
which is her being a disingenuous
debater lying also because I'm not
putting words in her mouth whatsoever
I'm commenting on the words she used she
says you can disagree I don't disagree
with you I agree what you're saying is
true I'm not disagreeing with you I'm
saying I know what you're saying is
 true not disagree so again she's
just this is her knee jerk her their
knee jerk the people in power is the
gaslight and that's what she's trying to
do she's trying to pretend like she's
trying to shift the argument into
something it isn't she's trying to have
a straw man like somehow I'm putting
words in her mouth and I've disagree no
no I'm not disagreeing with you and I'm
not putting words in your mouth she says
I but I know what I stand for and what
shall never stand in a democracy like
ours
that's just empty gibberish what what
what stands right now is corporate
corruption bribery GLE bribery and you
cheating what would actually stood in
our democracy was the entire Democratic
primary was election fraud that's what
actually stands in our democracy and you
know I know what's election fraud
because you told me it was you
personally Donna she says the right to
vote is sacred but apparently more
sacred for others then for some than
others it's more sacred for
super-delegates the right to vote is
sacred that's what I'm saying and it
shouldn't be superseded by someone who's
powerful or rich the right to vote is
sacred no matter if you are a pledged
majority delegate or unpledged minority
we cannot change a perception problem
this way it's not a perception see this
is what the Democrats say she's still
pretending it's a perception problem
that's what that's what Debbie
wasserman-schultz said that's what Nancy
Pelosi said that's what Tom Perez said
after they lost a trump we got to get
our message out no no your message got
out your messages you're just like the
corporatist who own
Republicans and everyone knows it that's
why half the country doesn't vote so
this again this idea that it's a
perception problem so I I said hey sad
to see you double down on sticking up
for the powerful over voters the fact
that you're not embarrassed by your
original tweet is why you and Democrats
are losers who lost a trump and are
wiped out at every level of government
Congrats on taking fossil fuel donations
Dave Anthony the host of the dollop very
popular podcast about history
he says Donna Brazile literally just
tweeted what jimmy dore called her out
on and then she told him not to put
words in her mouth about the things she
just tweeted and then he links all the
tweets that's what so you if you
understand why progressives want nothing
to do with the Democratic Party and why
Bernie's effort to Sheepdog people into
that party is failing this is it they're
not changed they're just as bad as they
ever were two Democrats they're not
changing so this is us this is a stunner
that was stuck that was that was like oh
I thought she was gonna like delete the
tweet or say that's not what I meant but
no she has she's such a good liar she
knows to pretend like she's attacking
she knows to not to apologize for being
horrible so she cuz she can't admit what
she's doing
so she pretends that she's being
attacked or something you're putting
words in my mouth
she's just a horrible liar and
that's why the Democrats only have 26%
people in the country considers
themselves Democrats 47% of the people
in Americans consider themselves an
independent so twice almost twice as
many people consider themselves
independent and considers themselves a
 Democrat or a Republican people
are sick of this and it's too bad
because people are actually ready for a
revolution and Bernie Sanders is not
giving it to them I mean let me throw it
over to any of other words about to see
that play out like that well you
surprised she doubled down on it well
it's fine to see her say that the right
to vote is sacred which just sounds like
a good slogan but yeah
talk contacts you're talking about the
right to vote for super-delegates in the
sacred and to talk about Oh a democracy
like ours but a democracy will reset the
agenda and what you get to vote for yes
yes good when you look at just her tweet
it's like oh yeah those are values I
stand for but when you look at what he's
saying right yeah would you look at what
she's actually about kidding Steve Oh
three times emailed me come on what am I
have to be missing something no I hate
when people are like we just need to
make the Democrats care the Democratic
Party is designed to basically fall in
the hands of corporations while talking
out of both sides of their mouths so
like the Ocasio cortez phenomenon you
have Tom Perez acknowledging she's the
future of our party right because they
really want to capture that energy but
then you have Amy Goodman confronting
him at the unite the families rally or
whatever that they sponsored and he he
he actually said you know we love Ocasio
Cortez and she was like well do you
actually support single-payer and he
said I support affordable healthy they
just keep doubling down on completely
empty rhetoric both sides of their
mouths and that's only because they have
to please their donors they know men
right now even the majority of
Republicans are for single-payer
medicare-for-all did you know this now
even the majority of Republicans
something like 80% of Democrats so this
is called a banana republic I think ours
this is a they're not at all responsive
to their eleven I mean that's the
minimum Chomsky says the minimum that
Adam what you're supposed to have in a
democracy is the elected officials
represent the people who voted for them
we can't say that we give you that so
even guys like Paul crumb and admit that
we live in an old as he's making
the case for to vote for Hillary Clinton
he was admitted oligarchy yeah that's
what it is
I mean so we don't have a
democracy until people who wag their
finger at people who vote third party
you know are colossal yeah I
mean I was just gonna say that Democrats
I hate them so much because you know
unlike Republicans who are just
unabashed monsters you know anti science
all of this the Democrats pretend to be
on your side
they literally exist to co-opt this
revolutionary language and movements
time and again to just bring them over
to a voter base it's just disgusting
because at least we know what the
Republicans stand for these people are
corporate shills and they'll just grow
to their masters every single issue and
failed time and again whether it be the
environment human rights or democracy
apparently democracy yes your
hundred-percent right and then she put
all these flowery language
around it you know like I know what I
stand for what won't stand the my
sacredness of a vote and you're sitting
here arguing for undec of democratic
 you are you're you are comforting
you through the one percent don't worry
you guys still control us and then you
do something like that publicly which is
why Donna Brazil is a bullshitter first
in the middle and at the end and I've
had a lot of people on the left side
note we got to reach out to people like
Donna Brazile she's the she's the one
who told us that the election was all
rigged she's the one who tried to make
it right bull-fucking-shit she got
caught she got caught exactly right and
Donna Brazile is part of the people who
have to go why would you want to being a
party with a cheer liar like that who
cheated and lied to you and it's doing
it right now and it's doing it right now
she can't help herself
she's right now that in public what
power rising power rising yeah the
powerful are finally gonna have their
day thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a livestream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
