hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show I'm here with Rob black own and
stuffs Amaranto the miserable liberal
Aliotti
miserable hi so um we've told you before
about the conflicts of interest over at
the paper of note the Washington Post
Washington Post which was bought by one
of the world's richest men because he
cares about democracy one of the world's
biggest predatory capitalists who has a
history of crushing local businesses
while manipulating the taxes to screw
over brick and mortar companies and send
them out of business while devastating
local economies has bought the paper of
notes because he wants the truth to be
told and we've told you about their
conflicts of interest before right so he
also has a deal with the CIA six hundred
million dollars the CIA has a contract
with Amazon's Jeff Bezos and when this
is brought up to their reporters like it
was on Twitter
rusty Lewis brought that up to their
political reporter he dismissed it said
well I can hardly brush aside the
reporting of hanging the bankers calm he
said hey look Washington posta the six
hundred million dollar deal with the CIA
and he links to hang the bankers calm
which sounds like a good website as far
as I'm concerned and so so their
reporter just dismissed it and then he
comes back with another link from
another website and he then admits it
was real the first thing he was saying
and then dismisses it again he goes it
was Bezos not the post now go away
meaning that Bezos doesn't have any
influence over the posts even though his
massive massive conflict of interest
that lots of media and watchdog agencies
have made a big deal out of this but
according to the Washington Post
political reporter not a big deal has no
influence over what they do well guess
what the conflicts of interests are real
and of course Jeff Bezos has complete
control over his journalists because he
pays them he bought him a new building
he gives them money they do exactly what
he wants uh Bezos bans Washington Post
staff from criticizing corporate
advertisers on social media that's the
headline but if you remember there what
the reporters tell you that he has no
Jabez a he's got scattered bays or
anything to do with us
you know how the owners of a news agency
have no effect on the news their report
you know how comcast didn't fire Phil
down you know how MSNBC did not fire
Phil Donahue Comcast did not fire ed
Schultz yeah yeah okay I got you well
let's not forget who we're dealing with
to like Jeff this guy has his hands in
food now because he owns Whole Foods he
has a big hand of distribution cuz he
owns Amazon he has a deal with the
Intelligence Agency and he owns a
newspaper this is this is something out
of a Superman movie plot you know this
guy makes Lex Luthor look like his only
offense was jaywalk but this is real
this is real and can their reporters
will tell you to ignore it ignore it
what are you gonna believe the
Washington Post reporter or your lying
eyes okay so here it is
not inherit exactly what we talked about
and it's proof they'll explicitly trying
to curtail what the reporters say right
there xsplit they're not making a secret
of it just like their politicians these
days cheat and steal right out in the
open so does Jeff Bezos he sits on a
pentagon board did you know that he also
has a six hundred million dollar deal
with the CIA and he owns a political
paper of note and you think you get any
truth from that paper about the but
anything to do with our economy or
foreign policy you don't and so on
somewhat so here they are telling
explicitly telling their reporters and
the people that work for them you don't
insult our advertisers well that just
makes that people go well that makes
sense they're supporting why would you
want in well first of all let's let's
get to the policy which took effect in
may now prohibits post employees from
using social media in such a way that
adversely affects the post customers
customers advertisers subscribers
vendors suppliers or partners so anybody
so don't offend anybody according to the
policy the paper's management team
serves reserves the right to take
disciplinary action against violators up
to and including termination
of employment a clause of the policy
cited by the Washington tone e'en also
encourages employees to rat out other
toys for potentially violating the
policy in fact is the Washington Post
says if you have any reason to believe
that an employee may be in violation of
the post social media policy you should
contact the post human resource
department cuz nothing says good working
environment like an incentive to rat out
your coworkers
don't forget the company picnic this
this new policy offers a simple loophole
to quote so get this so if you don't but
but they're allowed to criticize
companies that don't advertise huh with
the Washington Post so this article min
press makes the point so here's a good
way to make sure that Washington Post
journalists don't write anything bad
about your company become an advertiser
of The Washington Post
and in case you were curious know the
jimmy dore show does not advertised with
the washington post you know anything
about our history with the paper so mint
press says of course you know the new
policy offers a simple loophole to
corporations that wish to avoid
criticism from the post as becoming a
sponsor of the paper would quickly put
an end to any unfavorable coverage and
who are some of these companies that
advertise with among the washington post
advertisers are corporate giants like
GlaxoSmithKline bank of america and the
coke industries some small mom and pops
just trying to get a leg up get it right
so now their reporters can't say
anything on twitter facebook instagram
anywhere that would offend or adversely
affect Bank of America the Koch brought
the Koch brothers hmm oh the gark stick
together baby
predatory capitalist stick together and
the journalists do their bidding those
Washington Post reporters who said that
stuff as a tool
a willing mouthpiece of the oligarchs
and the establishment in fact shutting
down a regular person shaming them for
pointing out what's clear what's obvious
shaming them that's what the
establishment does they wag their finger
and shame you and try to Gaslight you to
shut up and that's what the Washington
Post reporter did and that's what
they're trying to do to their own
reporters they're trying to scare them
into shutting up well let's keep in mind
this is how corporate media gets their
advertisers now in general I mean
anybody with who's paying attention at
all knows people are fleeing from cable
news and in most corporate media by the
dozens it is a sinking Titanic so who
are their main advertisers oil and gas
Co yes stuff like they're not trying to
get the word out they're trying to make
sure their coverage is favorable and now
here you have an outlet that makes no
bones about it they straight-up say yes
if you advertise with us we ain't gonna
print anything negative there you go
with the new policy social media post
criticizing GlaxoSmithKline habit of
making false and misleading claims about
its products inflating prices and
withholding crucial drug safety
information from the government will no
longer be made by post employees what at
what a capitalistic frickin nightmare
this is huh
the policy also suggests that criticisms
of Bank of America one of the nation's
most lawless banks and a key player in
provoking the 2008 financial crisis will
go unvoiced criticisms the Bank of
America will go unvoiced as well those
regarding the toxic Empire that is the
koch industries an integral part of the
u.s. fracking industry can't can't write
anything that's adversely affects them
long before this latest policy was put
into effect some had speculated that the
connections between the CIA and the post
were already affecting reporting that's
weird because The Washington Post
reporter on Twitter told us we're all
stupid if we think that and we should
all go away what a good reporter huh
what a good reporter
for example last year the post openly
called for the prosecution of Snowden
despite having previously used the
whistleblowers leaks for their Pulitzer
prize-winning report on illegal NSA
spying so when the post calls for the
prosecution of Edward Snowden despite
having previously used the
whistleblowers leaks for their Pulitzer
prize-winning report on illegal NSA
spying when they call firt they're doing
it at the behest of the CIA that's why
they're doing that that's why the
Washington Post is doing that they're
doing that at the behest of the CIA and
what they also don't tell you is that
they have a deal with the CIA for 600
million dollars worth twice what Jeff
basil paid for that goddamn paper so who
do you think he cares more about the
 paper or the deal he has
with the CIA worth six hundred million
dollars which is double what he paid for
the paper which by the way will be
ongoing in perpetuity with the CIA who
do you think he cares more about you
know goddamn right what he cares about
so and they don't put a disclaimer next
to that thing where they urge for J
Edward Snowden to be prosecuted they
don't put a disclaimer we have a deal
with the CIA and more compromised so
that's unethical and the reason why they
don't do that is because they're
unethical and that new and that
Washington Post reporter is unethical
and he knows it they're on the ethical
not a little bit the whole thing
is and yes does the Washington Post
still have good reporting done in their
newspaper yes it does they report on
some stuff really well when it has
nothing to do with the CIA Jeff Bezos
foreign policy
Amazon's manufa massan's distribution
the way they trick so anything that has
to do with the Econoline purchases go
through amazon.com did you know that
so yes the Washington Post is a lot of
good job when it doesn't happen we have
to cover anything it has to do with Jeff
Bezos Amazon The Washington Post
any of its advertisers so they do still
do good work but just not about any of
that stuff and then they'll have their
reporters go on Twitter to lie to the
public about it and Gaslight them that's
a good reporter if you're looking for
sports scores they got you covered
anything else
[Laughter]
they hand over their editorial page to
lobbyists for foreign governments and
they don't tell you that's the
Washington Post while criticism of the
CIA is not technically prohibited by the
new policy really former post reporters
have suggested that making such
criticisms could endanger one's career
as former post writer John Hanrahan told
alternet in 2013 post reporters and
editors are aware that Bezos as majority
owner of Amazon has a financial stake in
maintaining good relationship with the
CIA and this sends a clear message to
even the hardest nosed journalists that
making the CIA look bad might not be a
good career move reporters are
encouraged to play dumb on Twitter is
that in that's that should be in there
reporters are encouraged to play dumb on
Twitter and boy do they I didn't know
anything about it oh here's another link
oh I guess I did shut up it's nothing
that's the integrity of a Washington
Post field reporter and the Washington
Post so now it's official the Washington
Post completely control come on what
else do you need to know you don't think
Jeff Bezos controls his journalists you
think anybody writes a story he's upset
with and doesn't get fired or
disciplined do you think that do you
know that the Washington Post hasn't
written a goddamn story about Jeff Bezos
is tech critic kritis critical of him in
fact they wrote one not know in
Washington Post zero a Union writer for
the post wrote something about Jeff
Bezos is bad business practices with his
workers in Huffington Post and they
disciplined him at the Washington Post
for writing something and that's another
video we're gonna tell we're gonna cover
it don't believe me so they're already
disciplining people at the Washington
Post for writing stuff critical of Jeff
Bezos and amazon.com business practices
they're already that's what's coming
that's another video so there you go I
appreciate that Washington pull
reporter lying on Twitter to everybody
all his whatever how many hundreds and
thousands of followers he has lied to
that guy who asked him then gasps let
him that's called having no integrity
that's called taking a paycheck to be a
mouthpiece for the establishment gladly
and willingly and that's why they hired
him that's why they hire people at the
post they desired John Podesta you think
they hired him for his insight so I was
just you know when you were talking
about this I'm like I'm gonna go to the
Washington Post website and see if what
is an advertised advertiser on it right
so I I looked at Samsung is right there
on the side just flashing Samsung and so
I just put it like I typed in him like a
samsung are they good to unions oh no
samsung has a history of being quite
nefarious internationally yeah with
unions do you think they're gonna do any
hard-hitting story on Samsung screamer
unions I'm gonna guess no I'm gonna
guess that's why we don't have any
unions left them and just let me give
you a list of what they've done Samsung
internationally the world's biggest
corporation account for the abuse in
their supply chains from union busting
poverty wages insecure in unsafe working
conditions forced overtime informal work
and modern slavery oh really
mmm-hmm I bet they'll write about that
in the Washington Post
it was Bezos not the post now go away
what a real insightful reporter has no
idea how stuff works and then when you
pointed out to him he'll lie to you to
protect his corporate oligarchs that's
what the Washington Post writers do
there you go that's what the Boston Post
management's doing well and let's not
forget their slogan that they kind of
borrowed from Home Depot democracy dies
in darkness and we can help The
Washington Post
Portland Oregon the Jimmy Dore show is
coming to the Alberta Rose Theatre
November 12th and we're going to Burbank
California November 6th and the
Hollywood improv on October 16th there's
a link for tickets right down there go
to jimmy dore comedy calm for all legs
for all shows
