hi welcome to part two of our interview
with Professor Richard wolf so that
that's just as these ideas are not going
to get out and the man stablishment
press right because now in the
establishment press but in programs like
yours that are open to them the program
we try to do economic update the talks I
give around the country I'm here in LA
and the way to do that I've never seen
audiences as large as this and even more
the quality the enthusiasm the
excitement it's as if I don't want to
push this metaphor it's as if America is
kind of waking up after a long period of
sleepiness they're waking up Wow and
they're realizing we got a lot of
history to catch up on we haven't been
paying attention and as we look our
temperature is rising as we realize we
got big things to change to make a
decent society out of this we can do it
if those who understand it get together
and move yes and uh the American public
has been put to sleep and it was put to
sleep by the dulcet tones of Barack
Obama's speeches because he really
papered over a lot of the problems in
America because we thought he was in
control and he's gonna do the right
thing as he opened the Arctic to
drilling twice when he made the bank's
bigger when he took us from two wars to
seven when he gave a health care plan
there was nothing but a giveaway to the
health insurance purr with no cost
controls so it was his speeches and his
niceness that papered over that and now
Donald Donald Trump is president and
that's all gone so that pretty face has
been ripped off the horrible stuff that
our system has been producing since I
got to go back to 1980
so because worker productivity and their
participation in the profits of been
decoupled since I would say right around
1980 I could be wrong on that number no
that's what the numbers say okay so
you're and you you say that Marx would
prescribe worker coops now tell me about
lalo cooperative in Buenos Aires I don't
know about
isn't that a restaurant in Buenos Aires
that was taken over by the workers you
know about that I don't know about that
particular I can give you examples of
lots of other workers yes but I don't
know that that particular one so tell us
there there's a there's in Italy and
Spain for in Spain has the biggest
worker coop right over a hundred
thousand people are employed and that
was started when okay it's called the
Mondragon cooperative corporation was
started in 1956 by a Catholic priest in
that part of Spain it's the northern
part of Spain the Pyrenees Mountains
that separates Spain from France and
this Catholic priest gave a very famous
talk in 1956 in which he said to the
very poor parishioners in his church if
we wait for a capitalist an employer to
come in here and give us jobs we'll all
die of old age before that happens
hahaha everybody laughed but the
punchline was serious if we're gonna
have work and jobs and incomes we're
gonna have to do it for ourselves and so
he set up a worker co-op sort of under
the protection of the Roman Catholic
Church in that part of the world because
that's the dominant Church there but
also in what's called the Basque Country
that's a a separate group of people that
have their own language their own
culture their part of Spain but they're
really a unique people vis qu e berries
Basque bas qu e that's right
some of them live in the Spanish side of
the Pyrenees and some live on the French
side they straddle the mountains they're
the kind of mountain people well
fast-forward to the present over a
hundred thousand they they've grown
spectacularly over the last sixty years
to envy of any capitalist corporation to
have grown during that time they
competed with many other capitalists
that car companies even though they
weren't capitalist they didn't have a
board of directors elected by
shareholders nothing of the sort
all that the Mondragon Corporation is is
a collection of about 200 worker coops
some in manufacturing some in services
some in agriculture all kinds of things
united under one corporate umbrella
today the maunder Don Corporation and
cooperative corporation is seventh
largest corporation
in all of Spain a fantastic success
story let me give you a couple of the
images or aspects of it
one they have regular worker assemblies
where the workers together get together
to evaluate the supervisors and to
determine whether they will keep their
jobs let me drive that home to Americans
it's not the supervisor who hires you
it's you who hire the supervisor because
the supervisor has to behave
appropriately with the workers and they
want to say in all of that give you
another example they have a decision
made all together that the highest-paid
member of the Mondragon company cannot
make more than eight and a half times
what the lowest paid worker does in this
country the gap between the highest paid
CEO and an average worker is in the
order of three hundred to one so if you
want to do something about inequality
they've shown us how to do that you get
together and you're making an agreement
we're not gonna have an extreme
inequality in our society and guess what
when those people got together and they
made that decision decision that
decision has stuck and if you go to that
part of the country in Spain you'll see
it right away in the Mondragon case they
have their own laboratories where they
do advance research because they're a
big corporation and they are
particularly good at electric cars and
certain other things so to American
corporations have so been taken with the
quality of the work that they do that
they asked if they could put their own
scientists into the labs there in
northern Spain to work alongside their
scientists to pick up on the technology
that's something that's fairly often
done I thought your listeners might like
to know the names of the two companies
my Microsoft and General Motors ok so
Americans may not know about worker
coops how efficient they are how they've
grown their technology and their
achievements but big American
capitalists have figured it out
now let me give you the second example
comes from Italy and there are more
worker coops in Italy than there are in
almost any other country of Europe and
there's a number of interesting reasons
that I think will interest your folks
the first example I'll give is the
province of the
the area called emilia-romagna the big
part of Italy 40% of their economy is
worker coops they have developed worker
clubs so that in that part of Italy
every working person has freedom of
choice a young man or woman graduating
from school can decide whether they want
to work in a top-down hierarchical
capitalist enterprise or if they would
prefer to work in a democratic
enterprise where they have one-person
one-vote and they would have that the
minute they start working there you
could likewise in that part of the world
decide whether you want to vote with
your dollar to buy something from a
worker co-op because you want to support
that kind of business
ver versus spending your buck in a
regular capitalist enterprise you know
how we look at the label of a shirt see
where it's made well now it in Italy you
have a label of a shirt that says we're
made by a worker co-op or not and that
becomes something people are interested
in I think in both those examples you
can see that worker coops are viable
have existed for a long time are able
very nicely to compete with capitalist
enterprises and often win and the lesson
here I think is one that Americans will
understand if the worker is part of what
owns and operates and makes the
decisions your attitude towards your
work towards the place where you work
towards the machines where you work is
different they're yours of course you're
gonna turn off the light on your way out
of course you're gonna economize on the
water in the bathroom because it's you
and all the others like you that stand
to gain or lose by your behavior and
you're gonna get efficiency and
commitment from your workers that you
never see in a capitalist enterprise and
that's why even when you think in terms
of efficiency
what Marx's idea was the workers getting
together and running it democratically
has more than a little to say for itself
can you tell us what the McCory rule yes
the McCory law that's a wonderful law in
Italy passed in 1985 showing you how
powerful co-ops already were then here's
what the law says if you become on
employed in Italy you have two choices
of what to do whereas here in America we
have one the first choice is like the
American one you can go on what they
call the dole you go and you get a check
every week for a year or two to see you
through what we call unemployment
insurance here they have that in Italy
too but now comes what they have in
Italy because of the book oral law that
they don't have in the United States you
can make a different choice you can
choose to have the entire sum of money
that the government would have given you
over a year or two in weekly instalments
given to you as a lump sum right now
here's what happens there here's the
rule you have to get at least nine other
unemployed Italian workers to make the
same decision that is to say we want the
lump sum right now rather than collect
it every week and here's the second big
one you have to use that lump sum as the
startup capital for a worker co-op and
the rationale for doing that was the
following we want the worker co-op
sector in our economy so Italian people
can see how it works so they can make up
their minds in an informed way what kind
of economy they want number two we
believe that workers who are able to
continue working together with others on
a business that's theirs is a much
better way to treat unemployment than to
have people go every week and collect
the check feel bad about themselves feel
losing their connections with their
employer with their fellow workers with
the skills they once had much better to
have that the Italians have done it big
business and literally has tried to undo
it several times since then have failed
it's still on the books oh really
yes and the interesting thing for me as
an American is I have never heard an
American politician say a word about the
no never ask gee might some version of
this be relevant to America should we
try it should we see if it works yeah I
mean it is this American notion that
somehow we don't have to pay attention
to anything where the great
there is and everybody else is a
by comparison we don't have to worry
about it it's it's a terrible mistake
that we lose from so do you have any
statistics on I remember Nancy Pelosi
being acid it's out all meetings I
millennial and he was saying that a lot
of the young kids are into socialism and
she just dismissed it and said we're
capitalists and that's that
do you know has there been research done
on the popularity of what people
consider socialism with Millennials and
young people yes the most popular one
that's referred to these days is a study
in twenty sixteen at Harvard which did a
big long pole and followed up with other
polls they did many polls because they
couldn't believe their initial polls
their initial polls indicated that
something on the order of the depending
on which one you read something on the
order of 40 percent of young people in
the United States prefer socialism to
capitalism and that over fifty percent I
think was 51 percent don't like
capitalism and are a little hedgy about
saying socialism but I don't want
capitalism I think the numbers are
stunning I think they do tell us of a
sea shift but I think it's also and I
don't mean to demean these folks at all
but I think we have to face the fact
that for 50 years in this country we
haven't had an intelligent conversation
about capitalism and socialism the
pluses and minuses are both of them we
haven't had that's an adult conversation
we have instead had their bad day bad
day bad we're good good good good good
this is childish stuff but if you do
that for 50 years you make a population
that really doesn't know what these
words mean so I interpret those polls as
being a very clear sign that Millennials
especially but everybody in America sees
that this economic system whatever its
benefits it's not helping me it's
hurting me if my kids can't go to school
there I have debts that make them cry at
night that job prospects are really
crappy that government programs are
being cut to ribbons I mean you don't
have to be a genius to see that whatever
this system is it is a
well and that's what these polls show
this system is no longer the greatest
thing since sliced bread the way it was
made out to be well there's you know
you're I remember as a kid you're told
we're the greatest country in the world
we have the greatest economic mobility
in the world and it turns out that is no
longer true that there is greater
economic mobility in Europe right and so
that idea that if you come the United
States and you anybody can work hard
enough and make it well there's lots of
people working three jobs right now and
I don't think they're making it No so
that's it so you you say that the the
pluses and minuses of capitalism we know
the minuses of capitalism people are
living it right now sixty-three percent
of Americans can't afford a thousand
dollar emergency in the richest country
in the world 50% of all wage earners
earn thirty thousand dollars or less in
the richest country in the world 50
percent of everyone in the United States
is poor or low income that's a what do
you call a system that takes the richest
country in the world and renders half of
its population
I say you call that a failed system and
do you think we'll ever get to a place
in America we can actually have an
honest conversation about this because
our politicians are so afraid of it and
they're so bought by the capitalists I
think they're gonna have to be dragged
kicking and screaming into that
conversation but I don't want to I don't
want to be impolite I think you're doing
it I think I'm trying to do it and I
think there's more and more people like
us that are in fact trying to have that
conversation and I am overjoyed to tell
you that at least in my experience and I
know enough about how enthusiastic
people are about your program there's a
lot of people that appreciate that that
this conversation is beginning to happen
and I just think we have to stay with it
we have to insist on it and it'll spread
like wildfire and at a certain point
we're all gonna be sitting here and
saying to ourselves my god it's going so
fast it kind of have a new set of
problems or what happens when an idea
goes so quickly that kind of half-baked
versions of it start sprouting up but
that's a good problem to have I think
we're on the way right now
didn't think that three years ago it's
not something I've always thought I've
always been very cautious and skeptical
but the last few years have have really
shifted me around as I see the response
to what it is we're trying to do please
make sure you subscribed it only takes a
second make sure you're subscribed and
click that Bell so they give you a
notice whenever we drop a video and if
you can become a page when we give you
hours of bonus material every week our
next live shows June 30th in Portland
Oregon and we do a super silent chat
every Saturday that's our live stream
you can ask us questions that we answer
back that Saturdays at 2 p.m. Pacific
plus we run steam it we're steaming it
right now
[Music]
