hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a very special guest in
studio he's a friend of the show you've
seen him on this show before it's dr.
richard wolf and he is a Marxian
economic
economist best known for his work on
marks in economics economic methodology
and class analysis he's a professor
emeritus at UMass Emer Amherst and he's
a host of a weekly radio show on
Pacifica economic update which is also
on YouTube please welcome back to the
show Richard Wolff thanks for being here
thank you for inviting me now please for
for a dumb guy like me please explain
what that means Marxian economics okay
good I'm glad you asked
you know after World War two America
changed you really have to go back to
make sense in this during World War two
and I'm always amazed at how many
Americans don't know this we were allied
with the Soviet Union if you went into a
post office in the United States to pick
up a few stamps in the 1940s you would
see a picture of Uncle Sam hand-in-hand
with Uncle Joe and Uncle Joe was Joseph
Stalin because he was the great ally in
the fight against Germany in Japan the
fascists etcetera etc so Americans had
gotten used to our buddies the
Communists in Russia then at the end of
the war everything changed
and everybody had to learn to hate and
fear what before had been the big allies
that was a trauma that's hard on any
population and Americans got real scared
that somehow the war that they had just
fought to make us safe hadn't done it we
were now in danger nuclear weapons and
all of that so what happened the United
States was that anything that had
anything to do with Russia or Soviet
Union or communism was considered so bad
so toxic so scary that you wouldn't go
near it and since the Russians had kept
referring to themselves as followers of
Karl Marx this stuff applied to Marxism
and you weren't supposed to get the book
out of the library and you weren't
supposed to read it they give you an
exam
I have a PhD in economics nobody ever
asked me as part of my curriculum to get
that PhD to read one word of Karl Marx
who was after all whatever else you
think of him the biggest and greatest
critic of capitalism ever so we have a
generation my generation that doesn't
know the most important criticism of our
economic system that exists so all it
means when you call me a Marxist is I
went against the grain I said I'm gonna
read this stuff if there's nothing in
there okay I will have learned not to
pay much more attention I went I read it
and guess what I discovered there's lots
of interesting ideas there the way I
like to explain it to people is simple
if you wanted to understand a family
lived up the street and you knew they
had a father mother two kids and you
knew one kid loved the family thought
they were lucky to be born into that
family and the other one thought it was
a psychological basket case if you were
gonna write a story analyzing that
family would you talk to one kid either
one and not the other one makes no sense
you talk to them both you hear what they
have to say then you draw your own
conclusions
we live in a country that was so scared
of our enemy who had been our friend
before that we refused to look at it's a
little bit like a child scared of a dog
puts his or her hands in front of their
eyes and imagines the door goes away the
dog doesn't go away Marxian theory
Marxian economics is a criticism of
capitalism it makes a whole lot of
arguments about why capitalism ain't so
good and we could do better given the
situation the world today seems to me a
reasonable thing to at least read this
stuff and that's all I ever did as I
read it and so what does Marx what are
some of his prescriptions to fix
capitalism that we couldn't implement
well his point of view is a little
different his point of view is we've
tried to fix it we've tried over and
over to fix it we've had all good
efforts to fix it you can't fix it it's
busted it's a little bit for Marx in
economics is a little bit like having
that meeting with the refrigerator
repairman come
to your house he's been to your house
now more and more frequently this time
is the condenser next time it's the
motor next time it's to this and then
there comes that sad moment when he
comes to you and he says look I could
take another couple of hundred bucks and
fix it but you're throwing money away
it's time to get a new refrigerator and
you don't want to hear it but you kind
of know since he's a straight guy that
he's giving it to you honestly and you
might as well saved it 200 all Marx's
argument is you need a different system
you can't we've tried for example to
have less inequality in our world we
have more than we've ever had we have
inequality now that takes you back to
ancient Egypt right you know Jeff Bezos
has 129 billion dollars I mean it's
obscene basic right you have millions of
people can't pay their kids college
can't do the most basic things of
society wants to do and so Marx would
say hey this system produces inequality
it always has and it keeps doing that
until people rise up and say we've had
it yeah and then it stops for a while
and then it starts up again so you kind
of ought to learn the lesson the
system's busted let's try something else
and what do you say we should try Marx's
arguments very Elementary in this area
because he didn't spend a lot of time he
didn't believe in looking into the
future and guessing how things wouldn't
he didn't believe in that he made a joke
once if you want that go to the County
Fair give money to the the lady who
tells you your future it's fun it's
amusing but you don't take that
seriously she doesn't really know what's
gonna happen to you next month so he
didn't do much so you have to kind of
read between the lines and tease it out
and this is what it would look like his
argument is we have an economic system
this capitalist system that puts a very
small number of us in the driver's seat
if you look at the percentage of people
who own shares of stock in America you
get a very quick understanding 1% of
shareholders own 2/3 of all the stock so
if you're looking at who owns American
business it's a tiny it's the 1% that
everybody
talking about and they're the ones who
elect every year that's how it works the
Board of Directors of every corporation
the you get on the board of directors by
being elected by the shareholders if 1%
of the people own 2/3 of the shares
that's who elects the boards of
directors not grandma who has 10 shares
of something or not Uncle Harry who got
3 shares on his last birthday but the
people the big bankers and the big
wealthy folks who have it so the
argument is we have an economic system
where all the basic decisions are made
by the shareholders who own the company
and the boards of directors they elect
they're the ones who decide what the
company produces what technology it uses
where the production takes place and
what to do with the profits at the
Christmas party they thank everybody in
the company for helping to make the
profits but everybody may have helped to
produce them but everybody doesn't get
any say at all in what's done with them
that's in the hands of the board of
directors and the shareholders so here
then Marx makes a grin and says do we
really expect anything different if you
let the people in charge be a tiny
minority they're gonna make the system
work for them they're not gonna make the
system work for the people who've been
excluded so his answer is don't exclude
him and if you want the simple English
worker coops make business organize in a
radically different way all the people
in a business live with the decisions
that are made there and if they all have
to live with the decisions they should
all participate it's the same logic as
the runs our communities we say a mayor
can't make those important decisions
that our mayor or a city council or a
president for that matter makes without
our having some say in voting well then
the same logic if you apply it to the
workplace would be how can you let two
or three or four or six or twelve
members of the Board of Directors make a
decisions close a plant move it to China
or any one of the other decisions they
make impacting everybody else and
everybody else has no say at all that's
not democracy and if you know the I push
it as follows if we believe in democracy
as a nation which we claim so often we
do
then the first place we should have put
it is where we work five out of seven
days the adult human being in America
most of us go to work if democracy is
valuable put it to bat put it into play
where we work it's at least as important
as where we live where we live we
supposedly have it we don't have it
where we work and my guess is our
economy would work a lot different if
the people were in charge rather than
having it being in the hands of a very
small number of people who if I'm
noticing correctly I'm a professor of
economics I'm supposed to know this the
system is working really well for them
right it's going great for the people
who own stock all right for the owner
class it's going very good so I have two
things to say so it seems like
capitalism's working in Denmark right
well they hedge it about with with
levels of controls and limits that
Americans would find very strange I
would argue with you it's working better
than it works here but I think it has
serious problems there too you have a
gap between rich and poor it's not like
it is here in the United States but you
have it you don't see it because they
have a basic social welfare program all
your medical care is taken care of
there's a National Health Service
basically the University going to school
is free or close to free heavily
subsidized and on and on and on so they
they make sure that the really rough
edges of capitalism are softened but my
argument would still be you have the
inequalities not like you have the
United States but you have serious
inequalities and I don't see the
justification for them and if I knew
more about Danish society
my guess is I'd be able to show you that
that has consequences making inequality
like that but you're right it is
certainly not the kind of capitalism we
have in the United States and but and by
the way that's true across Europe the
Europeans don't permit it that I ask of
people in Europe don't permit their
governments and their businesses to
function the way we do one example in
Germany there's a law the german word is
myth beshte moon it means participating
in the decision here's what the law in
Germany says law was passed in 1976 it
is not new if you're a enterprise in
Germany with more than 2,000 workers
one-half the members of the Board of
Directors in that company have to be
elected by the workers it's the law
unthinkable unthinkable in the law if
you are less than 2,000 workers I think
it's a fifty to two thousand one-third
of the members of the Board of Directors
have to be elected by the workers and
Germany is an example of a country
that's been doing real well in recently
so putting the workers on the board
there didn't end the system didn't tear
up the system didn't collapses and none
of it they did better than we did for
most of the last decade since the crash
so I would argue that many in Europe
have figured out ways to limit the
damage that capitalism has done and of
course that for us as here in America
that's an attractive alternative to
letting the thing run the way we let it
run so a lot of people would say what
we're taught or what we're brainwashed
with in the United States is that the
kind of economic system we're talking
about and say in Denmark that they they
would look at that as socialism even
though it's not socialism and they say
that that economic system makes everyone
equally poor what do you say when people
say that well the easiest answer is take
a trip someday to Copenhagen and it'll
take you exactly five minutes to
understand that's nonsense
the standard of living of most workers
in Europe particularly in northern
Europe that we're talking about is as
high or higher than that of the United
States in terms of the quantity and
quality of the goods and services that
they get so I mean it just isn't the
case you don't have to have everybody
poor in order to be fair it's the oldest
argument in the book of people who don't
want to distribute things equally that
if we did that
either the world would fall apart or
we'd all be very poor I mean that's a
kind of thin effort to shut that
conversation down okay and in the
halfway way Jeff Bezos is a hundred and
twenty nine billion dollars if we took
away half of his wealth he'd be left
with sixty five billion dollars guess
what that would make him one of the ten
richest people on the plaintiff planet
if we took half of it away and imagine
what we could do with that sixty five
billion dollars we could solve the
problem of all the college education in
the United States more than once over we
could transform the continent of Africa
in radical ways that would make them our
friends for the next 150 year what week
there's no excuse for a society that
produces that kind of inequality and
then lets it sit there is staggering
what I've said about Jeff Bezos is that
the it's been estimated that's an
homelessness in the United States it
would cost twenty billion dollars to end
world hunger it would cost thirty
billion dollars so he could end world
hunger and homelessness in the United
States and still have around seventy
billion dollars right don't leave him
one of the ten you know Warren Buffett
Bill Gates and him and it doesn't do it
know yet he doesn't do it and I always
say what kind of a person amasses more
wealth than any human in history while
the people who generate that income for
him are poor and on food stamps a
megalomaniac right that's who does that
oh and it's even worse I Amazon which is
the company that made him rich yes an
enormous percentage the estimates vary
but somewhere between ten and twenty
percent of Amazon's workers are paid so
little they qualify for food stamps it's
not the rest of us you me the people
listening and watching those people we
all pay taxes to subsidize the long
wages that this billionaire I mean you
have to scratch your head in disbelief
that the American people allow that
level of behavior it's antisocial
behavior
no they right they probably have you on
CNN and MSNBC every week talk
by a week when they can't get enough
please make sure you subscribed it only
takes a second make sure you're
subscribed and click that bell so they
give you a notice whenever we drop a
video and if you can become a page when
we give you hours of bonus material
every week our next live shows June 30th
in Portland Oregon and we do a super
silent chat every Saturday that's our
live stream you can ask us questions and
we answer back that Saturdays at 2 p.m.
Pacific plus we run steam it we're
steaming it right now
[Music]
