hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest a real
progressive who ran Bernie's campaign
and the primary in Iowa did a great job
and now he's running himself for
Congress in the third District in Iowa
it's my old college friend Pete
D'Alessandro hi Pete how are you Jimmy
good to be back it's really good to have
you on I hear things have been going
well for you tell me about did you get
some endorsements recently yeah we're
real proud of it we obviously just were
we worked hard we feel we have to any
campaign as to earn endorsements but we
got the local our revolution here in
Iowa in our district recently endorsed
and then last week we were very honored
to get the endorsement of the National
Nurses United who are just some of the
great progressives and great not only
progressive activists but they stand for
really great progressive causes
throughout this country ya know
everybody I know proud of it yeah
everybody on this show is very familiar
with the national nurses and all their
great work to get Medicare for all and
especially here in California
Roseanne tomorrow and all her work so
that's a big deal so you I've been
officially endorsed as a progressive not
that you needed it but that's fantastic
so tell me how's the fundraising going
now that's a big problem with people in
your position right new people who are
first timers running for office and
you're trying to be progressive how's
that going well you know we're working
hard at it and we're gonna we're gonna
do okay
you know we we're gonna hit we're real
confident we're gonna hit our internal
goals of where we want it to be on
January 1st and then there's a lot of
work that went into that but what we're
saying is is this campaign in terms of
getting out there talking about the
issues showing the differences between
this campaign and some of the others
actually starts in January and we think
we're gonna be in good shape in January
when that happens we're not gonna have
the most money but we've been organizing
this thing probably realizing from the
beginning we weren't gonna have the most
money whenever a progressive type of
candidate goes up against the more
establishment situation you know you
have to do it
different way that wasn't anything we
weren't expecting but we're gonna be in
good shape we're gonna be where we want
it to be in January and then we think
after January we're gonna be able to
really move this thing into a different
direction we've been getting a lot of
donations though which again we're proud
of I use that word we're proud of it
not just in Iowa but from around the
country the grassroots type of donations
you know the the symbolic $27 donations
from Bernie nation and progressives like
that because people realize that it's
not just about their own district you
know we actually raised a bunch of small
donations seriously and I think this
says a lot about what you're doing and
your role and in this progressive
movement we did really well when we were
on your show last time and without a
solicitation over the next couple of
days we were getting a lot of small
donations from around the country from
people who obviously were doing it
because they certainly weren't on our
lists but they they were getting it
because they saw me on your show and you
know these different pieces of the
progressive movement we've got to work
this thing together and if we do we're
gonna be successful but the thing that
we have to remember is the you know the
the other side the folks with their
hands on the the levers of power they
have the luxury of being able to wait us
out and to try to wear us down and to
get us frustrated and and and to get us
even sometimes bickering among ourselves
and what we have to do is just keep
fighting through it because that's the
only thing they really do have is the
ability to wear us down because there's
more of us than them and we just got to
keep fighting through this well you know
if anybody saw your interview before
they know you're super progressive
medicare-for-all free college and the
war's invested money back here break up
the banks your your your your a Bernie
Sanders Bernie cried all the way so
you're exactly what people who watch
this show want to see more of in
government now you're running as a
Democrat right we all know that they
have everything is is if you would
rather run as a third party that's a
very hard thing to do but uh speaking
about you know bickering
between ourselves they just came out
with some recommendations from the
Democratic unity Commission yeah and now
I was originally told that they were
getting rid of 60% of the
super-delegates they're keeping 40% and
those 40% we're gonna be pledged to the
way to the state voted I'm now hearing
the opposite can you talk about that and
how did you feel about the
recommendations on super-delegates
actually I thought we were moving in the
right direction and maybe you have some
information I don't have but my
understanding is is that what they did
was which is a movement in the right
direction is the only super-delegates
that will be left are people that are
actually elected whether they're
congressmen or senators and so my my
view of that is that is definitely a
step in the right direction so you're
not going to have these appointed DNC
members many of them who are lobbyists
and in in other positions they're not
going to be the super-delegates anymore
so even though I think you're right we
have to move towards this system
eventually in which you know the the
thing is totally where people voted for
and who people voted for it's a little
tougher sometimes for someone who got
elected let's say in district 1 or
district 2 in Iowa to go against their
district when their district clearly was
for somebody so I think this is gonna be
a great movement towards the type of
reform we're looking for and it's it's
gonna take away that ability for the it
to be more of a machine type of thing
that we grew up with that we saw when we
grew up in Chicago and it's gonna make
those uh those super delegates are gonna
have to be a little more aware of how
the people in their district voted
because they actually answer to the
voters we don't have these non elected
super-delegates anymore so but if it was
a whole T&C I'm sorry Jimmy
let's be clear we've got to stay
diligent on this this is just a
recommendation the whole DNC still has
to okay it and here's where the
diligence has to stay in Jesse Jackson's
people in 1988 did the same thing they
rid of super-delegates but what happened
was again because the due diligence is
always there from the insurgents when
they got rid of them in 88 when everyone
was watching two years later when the
when the DNC met they put them back in
no so so it's not just it's not just a
matter of winning right now it's a
matter of staying diligent and saying we
expect this to remain the way it is so
Pete I didn't know about that that's a
historical thing but so tough I did
never I mean I was alive during Jesse
Jackson's campaign yeah I actually voted
for him huh mmm I could do how did he
get rid of super Dell I don't know I
don't remember that HAP enough enough
people enough of his people got elected
to those DNC positions just like we saw
with some of our folks from the Bernie
campaign and in the in in the Rules
Committee right after the 88 election
super-delegates were taken out of the
process but but in 1990 in the off year
when they met they put them back in just
before the 92 election because again the
due diligence you don't pay as much
attention some you know and and that's
where again people with the levers of
power that's why we have to stay
diligent and we have to keep keep these
fights going because they know they have
the ability to wait us out regardless of
and I don't know what the sides were
split back then so I don't know who was
on what side but I do know that's what
happened wow I did not know that but if
it was up to you you would eliminate all
the super-delegates as I'm hoping
fingers crossed here's what here's what
I would if I was if I earned this
nomination and and then work hard enough
to get elected as a congressman even if
I have this super delegate designation I
would either I would do one of two
things I would either vote the way my
district voted but more importantly the
way it is in Iowa I would actually just
say look if I'm going to get elected to
the National Convention I got to go
through the same process as everybody
else so I would show up in caucus I
would ask for people's support as Pete
D'Alessandro
just because I automatically got it if I
got enough votes at caucus and got
elected to the next level I would just
keep going to each level and if I was an
if I was elected within the process that
anybody else in my district had a go
through to get elected as a delegate
then I would serve as a delegate but I
wouldn't accept a super delegate vote
that was just given to me because I
happen to be a congressman okay so
that's all I would do it okay so you
alright so you're just for the straight
regular elected delegate okay that's it
we're all for it and we don't do it you
know we don't do it in elections here in
Iowa so I would have to exit process but
I would that's how I would do it and if
at any of those processes people said
well we don't want you to be a delegate
to the National Convention I'd get a
floor pass and I wouldn't use my super
delegate vote I would just dip my floor
pass and I'd walk around as a big-shot
you know getting going to the parties
and whatever I wouldn't I wouldn't vote
because I didn't earn it so what are you
focusing on what are the issues you're
focusing on in the third District in
Iowa and how other people are responding
to you Jimmy I this is where I feel
really good about this movement and
about where where this country is going
and I think where this party's going in
if we work hard enough to make it happen
I about not nuancing issues we talked
about that last time I was here and what
I mean by that is I clearly say we need
$15 an hour I don't use phrases like
let's work for a living wage and and use
those type of generic type of phrases I
own I don't say things like we need to
cover everybody
do you know Mitch McConnell says we need
to cover everybody you know I say it
flat out
look Medicare is the most successful
social program in the history of the
world it has we are now on our second
generation of seniors who are living in
dignity because of this program and in
the one I know there's some things that
frustrate you about Democrats but the
one thing that frustrates me about
Democrats more than anything else is
when we run away from the things that
we've done well and write for people yes
yes and and so I think what we should be
saying is we're not talking about coming
up with anything new here
we're talking about taking the most
successful program that has left now the
second generation people live in dignity
that didn't have that chance before and
we're talking about expanding it we're
talking about making it a little larger
than it is when I say that whether I'm
in an urban area or a rural area in my
district people get that and they're for
it because everyone has either been yeah
everyone either themselves has been
affected by it I have a I have a
district that skews a little older
they've been affected themselves by it
and they know it works or they have
somebody in their family that they care
about that they know is in a better
shape than they would have been if they
didn't have this program so I say it
flat out
we need a Medicare for All system people
get that so yeah I think anywhere we go
in this district that's how we talk and
I think I'm seeing it in progressives
everywhere else around this country I
sure I'm sure you are too when you're
talking to them I think that's the model
for how we're gonna win not just an
election but we're gonna be able to win
how I put it we're gonna be able to win
the future because when we get in
talking about those things it isn't
gonna matter whether the talking heads
say well there was a wave and there was
bad we're gonna be able to get in there
and say this is what I talked about this
is what I said I was gonna do you knew I
was gonna do it and and now I'm gonna
work on making it happen and and it's
all you know what we've done it before I
you know when we cared about these
things and this is what we were focused
on this party has done that before and
we can do it again if we have the if we
have the courage and the will to fight
for it I'd say well I think pre she I
think progressives I think everybody
across the board appreciates a
politician who doesn't speak in
mealy-mouthed terms like say well
everybody should have access to health
care what the hell does that mean access
to health care you sigh like how you say
it everybody should have Medicare it's
really successful program everybody who
has it loves it has less overhead than
private insurance it's a cost saving
thing and it sure's everybody it's
exactly what we should be doing so
that's great to hear you say and of
course people respond to it I think
that's why people responded to Trump
because he didn't sound like a
politician and people are sick and tired
of people equivocating all the time and
say
one thing and doing another so it's nice
to hear you speak straw you know very
bluntly about what you're for give me
one more thing that you could speak
bluntly about that you're for Jimmy
dancer your question
I'll use the to talk about the third
thing we talk about is what a lot of
people like to talk about it and in
districts like mine is this rural urban
divide like there's a big difference
between the values and people and
actually one of the issues I talk about
that I think proves that the values are
the same is that whether I talk about
the idea that if you work hard you earn
it and you qualify to go to a state
school the decision not to go there
shouldn't be based on how rich your
parents are or how much money you have
and that anyone who earns it should
should be able to go to that school
school and that state school should be
tuition free to those that qualify that
resonates whether I'm talking in Des
Moines which is one of our more which is
our most urban area in the state or
whether I'm in Ringgold County in our
most rural area in the state talking to
people they understand that that's a
value and that if you earn it especially
at our state schools you should be able
to to go to those schools and to to be
able to not only because you earned it
be able to go to the school but you
certain certainly shouldn't have to make
the decision based on well do I want to
be saddled with a lifetime of debt right
because I earned the right to go to Iowa
or Iowa State or any of our other state
schools and and people get it you know
we used to do that in this country yeah
I always say Cal State Berkeley which is
one of the great schools in this country
by any measure that when people look at
it in a neutral way was free until about
1964 to 1965 for anybody in California
who earned it and was qualified to go
there what mattered was you were a
citizen of the state you had been paying
your taxes you earned it
you were able to go to that school I
think we could move towards that again
that that's another example of where we
were doing things better when we did it
that way and we were serving more people
by doing it I agree with you I
appreciate you just saying that people
are blown away when I tell them college
used to be free in California up until
Ronald Reagan
right they can't believe it like yeah
college was free college was free in
California by the way remember
California is a six largest economy in
the world right so these are all very
doable things right so Pete thank you
for coming on again and I'm gonna put a
link underneath this video so people can
click it if they want to volunteer for
your campaign or if sorry want me or if
somebody wants to donate this is the
real deal real progressive here and
Bernie's campaign in the primary and I
oh I did a great job on that and now
he's running himself that's Pete
D'Alessandro Iowa's fighting third
district Pete please come back after the
campaign really kicks into gear and tell
us about how it's going okay
will do once we once we get out there
and we're doing some organizing with
those great group set up but that
endorsed us and I think we got a few
more coming down the pike we'll come
back and talk about those next cycle if
you if you got a few moments Jimmy I
would love to would love to alright
buddy thank you very much
[Music]
