everybody walked with Jimmy Dorsey oh
I'm here with the miserable liberal and
romp Lacombe hello hello so we the
United States were the good guys except
we torture people and we set the world
on fire for corporate profits not a big
deal we have some bad weekend's we have
some bad yeah so we did a thing called
extraordinary rendition guess what
Barack Obama didn't prosecute any of
those people who did torture there was a
torture report we tortured the hell out
of people innocent people most of them
were innocent that we tortured I I laugh
because it's horrible you shouldn't
laugh at that well here's Barack Obama
talking about torture it's clear from
the IG report that some very poor
judgment was shown in terms of how that
was handled keep in mind though that
John Brennan was the person who called
for the IG report and he's already stood
up a task force to make sure that
lessons are learned and mistakes are
resolved with respect so he he set up a
task force to make sure lessons are
learned
well you can't learn any lessons Barack
if you seal the report which is what he
did he sealed the report nobody can read
it so now nobody can gain information of
how these things happened how they got
ordered how they got carried out what
the chain of command was how we can and
more importantly how we can prevent
these things from happening in the
future that's all the things we would
learn from a torture report but
neoliberal war monger Barack Obama is in
bed with torturers it's not up to him
whether heat or whether he prosecutes
them or not it's legally bound to
prosecute them and he still didn't just
like a right winger Barack Obama didn't
prosecute torturers here's why he said
here's why he said the larger point of
the RDI report itself even before I came
into office I was very clear that
in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 we
did some things that were wrong we did a
whole lot of things that were right but
we tortured some folks some folks we
tortured some folks he makes it sound
nice we did enhance interrogation you
know we put on some mood music in a
little track lighting and then we got
the folks in and could bring in the
folks and they filled out a survey after
they weren't happy they weren't happy
we're go up bring the folks in hi folks
good to see you lay down we're gonna
torture you we're doing a lot of things
that are right we're doing a lot of
things that are right so one of the big
reasons why you buy he should have made
that a torture report public was for
what I just told you so we can figure
out how this happened and prevent it
from happening again and that's also why
you prosecute people there's many
reasons why you prosecute a crime one of
them is so it deters this crime from
being committed in the future when you
don't prosecute a crime you guarantee
that that crime is going to continue to
be committed guess who is our new CIA
chief our new CEO chief his Gina Haspel
she was a senior official overseeing top
secret CIA program that subjected dozens
of suspected terrorists to savage
interrogations which included depriving
them of sleep squeezing them into
coffins forcing water down their throats
I would also put anal raping stress
positions waterboarding so from 2003 to
2005 she was the senior official
overseeing that now she's the head of
the CIA instead of being in jail where
she should be now she's the head of the
CIA she's the head of our intelligence
community a torturer so that's when
Barack Obama does the bidding of the
indeed state which is what he did and
the establishment he covered up war
crimes which he's legally not allowed to
do he's legally bound to prosecute
torture were
and whenever it's not up to him although
I guess it is
in 2002 Haspel was among the CIA
officers present at the interrogation of
Abu Zubaydah and al-qaeda suspect who
was tortured so brutally that at one
point he appeared to be dead he imagined
that bringing a gap bring to fokin hey
folks hey we're gonna mess with you
physically until I we all think you're
dead we're gonna do it really slow and
really painful then let it play out then
we let it play out
and then we're gonna wag our finger at
Putin tell him what a bad guy he is cuz
he kills people hospital a career CIA
employee took part in another of the
agency's darkest moments the destruction
in 2005 of video tapes of the
interrogation of Zuba
and a second suspect abdul rahim
al-nashiri at whose torture she was
present Wow
and she destroyed the evidence
they destroyed the evidence they
destroyed the evidence the videotapes of
their torturing people they destroyed
that which is also a crime which also
wasn't prosecuted boy I I wonder I hope
some day she gets caught selling loosies
outside of her grocery store in Staten
Island so we can choke her out yeah you
know the best part I think to the best
of my knowledge the only person like in
power that said anything about this or
an office I guess is Rand Paul Rand
Paul's the only first and Paul said
something about this only person that
said anything one person John shiftin a
senior official at Human Rights Watch
said the insignificance of hospitals
appointment lies in the fact that she
was intimately involved in the secret
CIA program known by its initials RDI
rendition detention and interrogation
that's what Barack Obama was mentioning
the RDI report rendition detention and
interrogation renditions through the
program the CIA not only tortured
suspects but kidnapped them from various
places around the globe and often
deliver them to third-party countries
that tortured them you are putting a
person in leadership position who was
essentially involved in a legal program
Sifton told me president barack obama
ordering the closure of the secret
prisons or black sites in 2009 so that
by the way this is an article this is
New Yorker this was back from this is
last and 2017 in January when she was
the deputy director now she's the head
of the CIA so this is what they were
saying back then a former government
official who spoke to me on condition of
anonymity said that the promotion of
hospital amounted to the CIA's revenge
the agency is giving the finger to
anyone who was ever critical of the
program meaning their rendition torture
program in 2002 according to people I
spoke to Haspel was present at a CIA
black site in Thailand when's abaya and
al-nashiri were being tortured it's not
clear whether she took part in the
interrogations themselves Abu Zubaydah's
interrogation which is recounted in the
intelligence committees landmark
investigation was particularly gruesome
according to the report he was
waterboarded
three times so my question when you hear
something like that he was he was
waterboarded eighty-three times will
they say waterboarding works which is
why you do it why would you have to
waterboard him twice and if you're
waterboarding him eighty three times
what did you forget to ask him those
first eighty two times eighty two I'm
just pondering how that's physically
possible that you can water for the guy
III yeah one time is considered torture
and this most would make you crazy
cuz it makes you think you're drowning
all your things happened and yeah and
there they did it to him eighty three
times at one point he became not
responsive with water bubbling up from
his lungs doctors had doctors so there's
doctors there participating in torturing
someone doctors had to revive him during
his confinement and Sabina lost sight in
his left eye yeah I'm surprised he
didn't go completely blind I mean wow in
2005 she was involved in the decision to
destroy the videotapes of interrogations
of Zubaydah and al-nashiri so that only
isn't that amazing the decision which
was made with no apparent outside
consultation enraged members of Congress
who are legally obliged to oversee the
CIA Sifton of Human Rights Watch said
the order to destroy the tapes was made
by two people Rodriguez and Haspel
capsule so she's so there you go oh this
is also from that article when I'm Obama
took office in 2009 he declared that he
would not prosecute anyone involved in
the CIA's interrogation program not even
senior of officers among them whom
Haspel was one at the time Obama said he
wanted to look forward not back but the
past as Obama well knows never it never
goes away with the prospect of American
torture looming again
I wonder if Obama regrets his decision
after all people like Haspel quite
plausibly could have gone to prison
I wonder what Barack Obama thinks about
that today not if she's the head of the
CIA oh he doesn't he's busy he's busy
building a library I wonder what he
thinks about that
I really do oh by the way so CNN they're
gonna let us said James clapper
I support Trump's pick for CA director
and that fantastic thank you see I thank
you CNN for letting us know another liar
that's the guy who lied to Congress
about the surveillance state lied on
camera in public to Congress that's the
guy and if you lot began if you lie at
the behest of the establishment you
never have to pay a pro look at this
dumb the torturers higher up having to
pay a price this guy doesn't have to pay
a price you know does a guy who sells
Lucy's out in front of a grocery store
in Staten Island he has to pay his price
mm-hmm yeah and unless I forget the
other new face going on is Mike Pompeo
who more hawkish he's waiting every
country in the world but you know one of
those countries is Russia so it's all
okay yeah so mattis mattis was actually
against torturing and he convinced
trumped up going to not be with it
he told Trump that you get more out of a
suspect with a six-pack of beer and a
pizza than you do by torturing them and
so but now this signal this signifies
that Trump is going the other way he's
more into torture and Barak Obama made
that possible Barack Obama made Trump or
during torture possible because he never
prosecuted the people who carried out
torture when it was ordered by George
Bush and Dick Cheney so you see how that
works how Barack Obama is one of them
you see how that works how Barack Obama
took to Wars made him an eight-oh Barack
Obama made the bank's bigger Barack
Obama open up the saertex to drilling
you see why we have Trump right so
that's why we have Trump and that's why
we have a torturer at the head of our
intelligence community right now that's
why and now do you understand why when
shows like this say that attacking a
knee-jerk reaction arey like Trump from
the right is a bad idea
do you know why we're saying that now
this is one of the you know the many
many four instances of why we say those
things hey believe me you keep attacking
Trump from the right he's gonna he's
gonna go ahead and do something crazy
yeah he's going to go ahead and do
something crazy like I don't know order
torture
I love ya anyway so alright we have two
okay so I'm looking at corporate news
ABC and they said Christopher Anders the
deputy director of the American Civil
Liberties Union's Washington's
legislative office demanded that the CIA
Declassified and release every aspect of
hospitals torture record before
considering the nomination who was
Christopher Anders and the deputy
director of American Civil Liberties all
really haha he's demanding that yes
ain't gonna happen okay so now here's a
little bit interesting about my
California Senator Dianne Feinstein
she's she's very she's very soft soft
words okay so in 2013 Senator Dianne
Feinstein blocked Haspel motion to be
the head of the national clandestine
service yep Feinstein said Tuesday she
will wait until hospitals confirmation
hearings to make a decision about her
becoming the next CIA director and it
continues Feinstein the top Democrat on
the Senate Intelligence Committee told
reporters that since 2013 the two have
spent time together
oh she's hanging out with we've had
dinner together
we've talked everything that I know is
that she has been a good deputy director
of the CIA
that's Dianne Feinstein for you
everybody in California Dianne Feinstein
is cool with torture and goes as far to
call Haspel a good deputy so if you're
advocating torture then you're good
you're good to Dianne Feinstein well
maybe Dianne saw into her soul haha or
maybe Dianne got a taste of being
waterboarded you think no anyway Esther
it's remarkable so there you go that's
why that's why you have to prosecute
torturers Barack Obama that would be why
because if you don't prosecute torturers
then the next person to head our
intelligence community is gonna be a
torturer can I just and then that sends
the message to everybody else in the
intelligence community that torture is
cool it'll never be prosecuted
because it won't and then that sends the
message to the rest of the world could
everybody everybody seems to be worried
about our image that Trump projects to
the rest of the world and they're so
embarrassed that other countries look
down on us but they don't care if they
look down at us for torturing people
they'd only care if they looked down on
us because Trump is a jerk and that
funny I'm sorry the wise words of Dianne
Feinstein she says hopefully the entire
organization learned something from the
entire enhanced interrogation program
and she adds right now I'm waiting for
the hearing she says it hit well there
were no hearings but as far as the
confirmation or her for those who have
the hearings for the confirmation yet so
uh what's who read that again so she
says Dianne Feinstein quotes hopefully
the entire organization learned
something from the entire enhanced
interrogation even even saying that she
calls it enhanced interrogation she
doesn't call it the torture program
mm-hmm so you're trying to be Stern with
torturers call it torture don't call it
enhanced interrogation because that
makes it sound nice so there you go
that's there's your neoliberal war
monger in chief he's very he's talks
really nice he's nice to meet he's very
cordial and he's gentlemanlike and he's
a war monger who had a kill list that he
signed off on every day one of them
included a kid and that's why that's why
you're supposed to do your job and
prosecute torturers well that's not what
he did okay well can I say on our
positive note Jimmy that it's nice to
see that a woman is making such progress
yes in a torture program yes way to go
so I've seen this be reported by other
places like oh my god can you believe
tort Trump is nominating a torturer
Dianne Feinstein loves her and Barack
Obama made it possible so that's why
we're here
we're here to remind you of how we got
Trump and all this horribleness how do
we get Trump in this horribleness Obama
made this possible how do we get a
torturer at the head of the CIA Obama
made this possible and I know I can't
wait to read the comments from the David
Brock trolls that come over the Hillary
voters that come over our videos and say
oh really this is Obama
yes it is and your you're not being
honest Yuki as in the words of Jack
Nicholson you can't handle the truth
they might not be being honest Jimmy but
they are correcting the right March 26
that's a Monday we'll be in Austin Texas
doing a second show we added a second
show Monday August March 26 and Austin
Texas and then Friday March 30th that's
a Friday we're doing a live show back
here in Burbank California please check
it out with jimmy dore comedy calm
there's a link for tickets right
underneath this video and if you make
sure you subscribe that really helps it
helps a lot if you check you think
you're subscribed you probably aren't
check make sure just check and then
click that bell to make sure you get a
notice every time we drop a video or
become a patron if you become a patron
we'll give you a bonus material every
week hours of it so thank you for your
support and we're also on steam it
we are steaming it right now
[Music]
