Oh welcome back to the live stream we're
here with Steph the miserable liberal
and the ragin agent Steve oh how are you
everybody's good we have a special guest
waiting but I'm going to show you who
the guest is first he's running for
Congress he's a progressive in Hawaii so
you know how Nancy Pelosi was asked
after they lost a Donald Trump lost a
thousand seats nationwide lost the house
lost the Senate everything got wiped out
Democrats wiped out and they when she
was asked hey do you think that the
people want to change she said this I
don't think that people want to do
direction aren't values unify awesome
she said yeah I don't think people
wanted to do it they just voted you out
of every office they could possibly vote
you out of you don't think people want a
new direction
so I then found this
Kenny Ella Inge is running in the first
district in Hawaii progressive and I
found this video of him and let's watch
it's fun it's like 2.5% but we know it's
because we have the lowest wages in
America and the highest cost so so many
of us are working two or three jobs are
still not getting by 31% of us don't
even meet our basic needs to our
salaries and over 80% of us are living
paycheck to paycheck now just one car
faster
to see away from going on there so so
there's that ring and more cutting trunk
is important but it's not enough I don't
know about you but I've been struggling
before 2016 you know we pay $2,000 for
child care at $700 a month for student
loans it's tough out here in Hawaii and
in the Democratic primary standing at
the trunk at 80 90 percent support
that's easy what's harder is your
standing up the people holding that
change right here in Hawaii or
corporations like Monsanto or luxury
developers you know people that funding
Donald Trump are also funding the
Democratic component it's time to break
that cycle of corruption jeribai and
across America that's why we're running
with clean campaign
if you walk outside right now you look
at Kakaako which is luxury condominiums
going up to the sky every couple of
weeks popping up one for 20 million
dollars for a condo right next to Native
Hawaiians and veterans living on the
street
something's profoundly wrong why are we
voting for who is government
representing that's why we need new
voices different voices our voices new
leadership for Hawaii's future and
that's what I'm offering you today thank
you so much there you go and now well
let's go ahead and say hello to him it's
Kenny Ella Inge that's the gentleman you
just saw make that powerful statement
how are you thanks for being on our show
I am think I'm doing great thanks for
having me I'm a big fan oh look didn't
that nice guys
he said it I don't even bothered me that
he's lying that he feel good doesn't
even bother me so well thank you so much
for making time for us today I know it's
busy day you're out campaigning and so I
guess we just found out why you're
running you know you're it's it's funny
to hear someone say it's tough out here
in Hawaii you know because everyone in
the states thinks of Hawaii as this land
of good and plenty and it's just this
vacation paradise and everybody's eating
pineapples and skin surfing and but you
have the same problems in Hawaii that
people here have you have student debt
you have met
problems tell so tell me how is it going
in Hawaii all right yes the same problem
arguably magnified because we're such a
small space the median house now is
around $800,000 which means that in my
generation you gotta be making 200k out
of high school college to be on track
for home ownership so it's out of reach
ninety-three thousand dollars a year is
low income boy so hotel profits are at a
record high that's like our big industry
right tourism but wages are stuck low so
that means our stealing our money
straight from the workers and it's not
new like for for since since the
beginning of when the colonizers first
arrived here you know we've we we took
that we cut down the the claw to build
their mansions we pick the pineapples
they drank the juice we cut the cane
then the cake and a sign that workers
get back what we deserve and that's what
this campaign is all about like that
that clip was from a debate our first
debate for this race and the whole
debate all my opponents just kept
talking about how bad Donald Trump is
and okay fine like yeah he's terrible
but there's a reason why he got elected
is because people were desperate and we
ignored them we got on stage and said
America is already great and what does
that say to someone who is like can't
pay the bills you know they're saying we
don't care about you
so I'm saying not only they'll see you
but I feel your pain like it's it's hard
and we don't offer that alternative
vision of a better world then people are
gonna be vulnerable to false prophets
like Donald Trump and demagogues because
they wanted big and bold and all they
are offered was big bold and wrong now
the Democratic Party they're not
offering big and bold they Chuck Schumer
every six months he comes out and says
we need to have a bold plan and then he
presents a plan that is not bold and so
he knows the problem but I think the
bigger problem is luck then why doesn't
he just give us a bull plan if he knows
what the problem is and it's because he
can't go against his donors his donors
they don't want him to have a bold
economic agenda that's why he can't do
it so he knows what the voters want but
he also had a knows what his donors want
and demand so when it comes down to it
he represents his donors and not his
voters
and so I guess my question to you is why
would you run inside of a party that is
actively committed to their donors and
screwing over progressives I mean that's
a good question you think you hit the
nail on the head like Democrats are
generally afraid of big ideas because
we're afraid of big donors and every
consultant now is trying to tell
Democratic opponents how to sound like
Bernie Sanders because he's the most
popular politician in the US without
actually having to stand against the
donors and you know our job as
professors to make sure that people who
fall for that that you know it's not
enough to just say I would vote for
Medicare for all we need to say we need
it now and have that sense of urgency
and that requires being able to stick it
to Big Pharma and insurance companies
that max out Democrats that's why we
don't take any corporate money it makes
things a lot harder but we got a move we
got to work with in this two-party
system unfortunately and shift the whole
conversation our way and most folks
frankly don't identify with either party
like I think 80% of my generation are
considered independent because we're
skeptical of these elites that control
corporations and our government we just
want to democratize everything and shift
power back to the people and that's what
we're doing by knocking on every door
and actually the roots of our party
especially here in Hawaii when we're
controlled by oligarchs just five
missionary families controlled our
government and our economy our party
comes from radical roots like people
were shot and killed trying to get off
the plantation and you know we want to
strike just demanding an eight-hour
workday on a $2.00 wage and we want and
you know if my great-grandparents didn't
stand up the corporate establishment at
their time I should be on the plantation
so it's not being anti party it's
actually restoring that heart and soul
them we're the Democratic Party used to
represent the working class not the
billionaire donor class yes so you know
Europe your policies people will call
them radical people will call them far
left when they're actually supported by
the majority of Americans and the only
reason they get away with calling them
radical is because the our news media
has been bought by the people who were
supposed to be overthrowing and
investigating right so the news media
doesn't represents the establishment as
Chomsky taught us the
owners of the media that's who they
represent they don't represent anybody
else so when they say somebody like
Acacio Cortez who advocates for a
medicare-for-all and free college and
getting rid of ice when she does that
they say that's far left policies but
when it's pulled those things all pull
over 50% so that is mainstream policy
being called radical so how do you and
your own party calls that stuff radical
Nancy Pelosi is poo-pooing the Ocasio
Cortez along with Chuck Schumer and so
again you know you come from radical
roots but there couldn't be anything
less radical than running inside the
Democratic Party propping up a corrupt
organization that cheats people like you
on the daily the majority of people
support our policies that you hit the
nail on the head
Alexandr Ocasio cortez who you know
we're we were drafted together by the
same of organizers from justice
democrats about a year ago you know
she's out with Bernie Sanders right now
in Kansas and thousands of people are
coming out they support Medicare for all
they support tuition free college at
Green New Deal we're about to roll out
the most aggressive housing proposal in
the nation Senate Democrats came out
with some tax credit scheme that will
make luxury developers even richer and
we're saying no we need 10 million homes
in the next ten years in Singapore half
the size of Oahu with five times as many
people people pay 20% of income for
brand-new three-bedroom houses you know
the money's there you look at these
luxury condos selling for twenty million
dollars it's just it's going to the
wrong people
out-of-state investors when we have more
scarcity is not an issue it's a
political choice right doesn't happen
naturally and I think that's what the
Democrats have been failing to lead on
we've been kind of just using whatever
frame the Republicans throwing and throw
at us like what how much things cost the
process of legislation rather than just
speaking to human needs like why is it
that our basic needs are being
commodified and people are profiting off
of my brain my body like my you know
just we need to decompile basic needs
and just get back to the to just taking
care of one another you know everything
you say is correct
again I just I I can't get off the fact
that you're running a Democratic Party
and even if you do get elected your
leader will be Chuck Schumer in the
Senate and Nancy Pelosi in the house and
they will not allow you to do anything
worthwhile so this whole idea that
they're taking over the Democratic Party
that Bernie Sanders keeps saying is not
true that's not happening but I support
some progressives no matter where they
are if they're in the Democratic Party
if they're in the Green Party if they're
in the Republican Party and you know
maybe it'll take one more election loss
maybe when Bernie loses in 2020 because
they're gonna cheat them again that Ben
PMB people will wake up to this party's
Unruh formal because it is uh hey Kanye
a big fan of yours
I think ur story's amazing I think what
Jimmy is getting at here is would it be
better for people like you and Alexander
Acacio Cortes and you know Bernie
Sanders to really just say rather than
running within the Democratic Party we
start our third party would that be
something that's more logical I'm more
true to who you guys are and what you
represent and you know it might be
perhaps in pain in the short term but
long term that's the correct solution
your thoughts on that
that is these debates over what you know
pragmatically are gonna make the biggest
impact is sort of red herrings because
when you look at the wave movements and
legislation has ever really moved it's
not by just like inserting ourselves and
relinquishing power that's already there
right and I think that you're getting
that as well like I might just ask them
for a seat at the table next to Pelosi
and would that really help our movement
that's not what we're asking for we're
trying to we're dropping a bowling by an
anvil on that table right we're building
a new table like that's the point and it
just for me I look at my position as
like as elected officials we're just
we're just a vessel for ideas you know
wind blows through us like a whistle we
just make the noise but the wind is the
people so how can i buy the voices of
the many right now I think my best place
to do that is by running as a Democrat
Alexander will cost you Cortes just beat
Joe Crowley just by
that she got on the media circuit and
blew up like I think that did more for
our movement as progressives then like
winning 10 are flipping 10 seats from
blue to red you know so just how can we
be at the biggest impact at this point
of time and building that movement
because LBJ you know didn't pass civil
rights
it was demanded by the people but he
cheated it reluctantly
so just it's all about movement building
and actually building power and right
now I think that I'm my biggest impact
would be running as a Democrat and you
know maybe in the future things will
change have you have you been contacted
by the Democratic Party at all yeah yeah
Steny Hoyer is people reached out you
know we didn't get back did he reach out
to say that a decision has already been
made and it was like a phishing scheme
like he just wanted a bunch of
information about her campaign and you
know really we're looking to to give
them any okay yeah that's smart that's
smart
they're not your friend they're not
working they're not anybody's friend
except the donors and so they're not
working for you they're not working for
me they're not working for students
they're not working for the elderly
they're working for a 1% of the 1%
that's what they're working for which is
why we have the biggest income
inequality since the medieval ages and
why people in Hawaii are having a hard
time of it it's just so crazy when I saw
that video of you giving that speech of
that debate or making that statement at
the debate it just really shook me like
that's how you know it just really
illuminated how bad things have gotten
and how much change we need you know I
just think I took Bernie and his word
when he said we needed a revolution and
telling everybody to join the party is
the opposite of a revolution so good
luck to you and you know how can people
join to help you out they want to go to
your website tell us what your website
is so unlike New York Hawaii has an open
primary so most people that vote as a
Democrat or for Democrats it's just
because that's where the action is right
right well very few folks are actually
registered within the party so that's
really great for an open democracy I
also pass same-day voter registration
three years ago
very difficult to do in a solidly blue
or solidly red stay juicy and purple
states because you don't want to alter
your voting bases right if you're an
incumbent so we got that through to two
years so this is the first year we can
actually like hold a giant concert a
bunch of young people have buses go
straight to City Hall and doesn't matter
where your precinct is you can vote
registered or not so you know it's
really a great opportunity for insurgent
grassroots progressive candidates like
like me and others running across the
nation we have a remote we have about
two hundred three hundred remote
volunteers down from all across America
who believe in our vision that a better
world is possible housing for all a
livable climate you know student debt
cancellation all these things I've read
even talked about in the 2016 campaign
we're pushing the envelope on and you
know providing that alternative that
people desperately need and you can sign
up on our website kaniela ENCOM I'll
chip in because you know we don't have
we don't have thousand-dollar
fundraisers or everybody drives off in
their Benz we take five ten twenty or
twenty seven dollar donations from folks
and you know after our events everybody
tries to figure out what bus route to
take so that's the kind of campaign
we're running and you know we rely on
support from everyday folks like call
your listeners and carniola I'll just
real fast these things that you talk
about you know health care and student
debt relief student loan that relief I
got pay for that there's a lot of
goodies and gifts under the tree you
know we've spent five point six trillion
dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan
that's distract answer that's oh it's so
painful and if you're in Hawaii our
economy relies on more it goes tourism
and then military Heather taught me in
the streets and then real estate and
just the fact that our livelihoods are
tied to the death and destruction of
others abroad is abhorrent it's
completely immoral that if war were to
stop our economy work would stop I guess
I don't know why we don't think of it
that way because it's it's it's not it's
not the way to live right so we're not
just talking about anti interventionism
you know that's good but we're talking
about is anti imperialism which is even
better and frankly I've never heard an
American politician use that war for
profit frame ever so why not start now
yes so the stat that I love to recite on
every show I'm ever on is the fact that
in 2005 in 2006 at the height of the
Iraq and Afghanistan wars our Pentagon
budget was five hundred billion dollars
today that budget is seven hundred
billion dollars so why the extra two
hundred billion dollars were
theoretically in less danger because we
spent all the money in the past to fight
all those Wars so now you're telling me
we're more danger well why do we fight
those words in the first place and how
do you justify this 40% increase in in
Pentagon budget so the 200 extra billion
dollars that we're spending now could
fund 80 billion dollars that would fund
Medicare for people under 65 another 80
billion for a student for student
tuition at public universities and
colleges and 20 billion dollars to End
Homelessness and we have money left over
so you know I asked this question to you
only as a as a as a way to kind of get
you to think about this because we saw
Alexandria Acacio Cortes being asked
it's the same question on MSNBC where
they said all these things you want
they sang buncha gifts under the tree
and she gave a pretty good answer but I
want you guys to just you know just
spout this fact wherever you go because
people in America have to understand
that we make choices here and and you
know I was recently visiting Scandinavia
and when I was taking a bike toward the
bike tour guide said that they have
health care and and you know tuition and
all the kind of stuff covered and I said
oh yeah you guys have all those free
things and he said no not free they're
included in our taxes and he said what
you guys have included in your taxes is
war and he's a hundred percent right so
