how everybody walked with the GB door so
I'm here with the miserable liberal and
Rob flick on how you doing oh good Jimmy
thirst is very quenched
oh very quenched oh those are some nice
bugs and that t-shirt it's pretty to
stuff you get all that stuff at our
store that's a great way to help support
us as they keep the monetizing yes but
guess what you see this guy that guy is
his name is representative Tom Marino
he's from Pennsylvania and Trump
nominated him to be the head of the DS
to be the drug czar right and we got a
big opioid problem happening in the
United States and well it turns out the
reason why we have a big opiate one of
the big reasons is that the the
pharmaceutical industry has bought our
government and that guys bought their
all bought and which is why we pay twice
as much and probably sometimes ten times
as much of our pharmaceuticals as the
rest of the world but what was happening
what was exactly happening well
according to the hill
DEA Congress complicit in US opioid
epidemic say whistleblowers no kidding
kind of like how Congress is complicit
and all the gun sales you know kind of
kind of how that is because they get
money from the NRA and gun manufacturers
and then they don't legislate in favor
the people allegedly in favor of profits
for guns turns out they're in bed with
the pharmaceutical industry they've they
legislate so the government I don't know
if you're paying close attention is out
to get you they're not working for you
they're working against you why because
we have the craziest system to finance
our campaigns which is taking money from
corporations and then they find out and
you wonder why we have a corporate aqua
see we live in at oleg Archy so
according to the hill the US Drug
Enforcement Administration shut off
investigations into large distributions
of addictive opioids while a new law
made it nearly impossible to prosecute
them the agency's former employees said
during the Obama administration the drug
industry used their money and influence
to pressure top lawyers at the DEA to
take a softer approach the drug industry
used their money and influence to
pressure top lawyers at the DEA to take
a softer approach to investigating large
distributors of opioid pills even when
there was ample evidence of suspicious
dealings says Joe Hren Aziz Rannazzisi
if that's how you say his name former
head of the DA's office of diversion
control he told the 60 Minutes program
this was a joint investigation of the
Washington Post in 60 minutes and there
you go so I mean how could they money
and influence
what do you mean money and influence but
what do you mean but but you know like
did they bribe them or well maybe they
promised them a bribe what do I mean by
the 36 investigators attorneys and
supervisors from the DEA including 32
from the division that regulate the drug
industry have been hired by the
pharmaceutical industry since scrutiny
on distributors began among them linden
barber former associate chief counsel at
the DEA he's now senior vice president
Bernal Health one of the nation's top
drug distributor
that's our government so these guys at
the big corporation they go to the state
the regulating body that regulates them
they talk to the guys in town they go
hey if you guys go easy you I'm gonna
give you millions of dollars when you
get out they go okay they do it there it
is they do it right in your face just
like Barack Obama does it hey if you
relaxed the regulations on our banks and
you don't do anything to really get it
so we'll I'll give you half a million
dollars at a pop when you come on it
when you when you retire from being
president he does it they give them a
half a million dollars at a pop when he
gives speeches
it's corruption it's right in your face
they're doing it right in your face and
you're supposed to keep voting for this
this is what you're supposed to vote for
this is the system Hillary Clinton props
up is this system the Democrats prop up
Dianne Feinstein Chuck Schumer Nancy
Pelosi the Democratic National
this is the system they prop up Tom
Perez this is the system they prop up so
that what what huh how do they use their
money and influence that's how they use
it they're gonna hey we can't bribe you
bright out but we're gonna bribe you
when you get out that's a bribe former
attorney at the DEA Jonathan Novak told
CBS that in 2013 he also noticed a sea
change in the way prosecutions of big
distributors were handled as his
supervisors turned down cases they would
have once easily approved the DEA
operates on another Department of
Justice these were not cases where it
was black where it was great this these
were not cases where it was black where
it was gray these were cases where
evidence was crystal clear that there
was wrongdoing going on and the DEA
wouldn't investigate or prosecute Jim
Geldof another former DEA investigator
told the program about a West Virginia
case he was looking into or 11 million
pills wound up in one of its counties
with a population of only 25,000 11
million pills in the County of 25,000
people Wow he said he suddenly ran into
roadblocks from the DEA supervisor every
time I talked to this guy he wanted
something else and I'd get it for him
and then that's still not good enough
Geldof said and this goes on and on and
on and when these roadblocks keep
getting thrown your face at the point
you know they just don't want the case
in this fantastic but they're still
throwing people in jail for marijuana I
mean while all the fat cats at the top
of the agencies that's supposed to be
enforcing drugs they're all being
corrupted and bribed all of them there
was a lot of pills a lot of people dying
and we had tools in our toolbox to try
to use this use and stem that flow but
it seemed down in headquarters that the
toolbox was shut off so that not only
did they do that they got the Congress
the House the Senate and the goddamn
President Barack Obama to sign a bill
well this bill the bill called ensuring
patient access and effective
Drug Enforcement Act was signed into law
by President Obama last year after it
was passed by both chambers of Congress
without any fanfare by the way he got
past nobody even talked about it and
what does this bill do well critics say
it effectively strips the DEA of its
authority to investigate suspicious
transactions as the government is now
required to meet a higher standard
before taking enforcement actions your
government is out to get you they're
working against you that's the
government we have now government is
actively working to against you after
Rannazzisi accused the bills get this so
one of these the got whistleblowers
accuses co-sponsors of the bill Tom
Marino that guy just showed you who
Trump nominated to be drug czar he
accused that guy Tom Marino and Marsha
Blackburn of Tennessee those are the
co-sponsors of this bill he accused them
of protecting distributors under his
investigation so this guy's
investigating these people they're
passing a law to thwart his
investigation he says that he calls him
up and what happened Blackburn
Blackburn and Marino wrote to the
inspector general for the Justice
Department demanding that Rannazzisi be
investigated for trying to quote
intimidate the United States Congress
that's the kind of stuff they do
soon after Rannazzisi was stripped of
his responsibilities he told the CBS
that he went from supervising 600 people
to supervising none so he resigned
that's your government working against
you the government is not there to help
you there right now the government the
corrupted bought government that
includes the Democrats includes Barack
Obama because he signed that goddamn
bill Barack Obama signed that goddamn
bill so did Congress so did all the
Democrats and Senate there you go but
it's just Trump Trump is the only he's
such a bad guy that Trump what these
they're all they're all corrupt they
still right in your face Barack Obama
doesn't with a nice smile and in polite
conversation
Trump does it in a very very brutal way
so we don't like them I got to give a
quick shout-out to my home state man
Pennsylvania they got Tom Marino just
recently we had Tim Murphy
we got the ultimate blank soot Democrat
Bob Casey you look at the Keystone State
and you'll learn real quick why they
were the state that somehow let Rick
Santorum you get close to power yeah
another chapter and and and and how does
this happen what if support people talk
about the revolving door in politics
know that what how does this happen
46 investigators attorneys and
supervisors from the DEA including 32
from the division that regulate the drug
industry have been hired by the
pharmaceutical industry since scrutiny
on distributors began among them Lyndon
barber former associate chief counsel at
the DEA he's now senior vice president
Bernal Health one of the nation's top
drug distributor your Gert has already
been taken from you you know I was
having a conversation with steve-o on
aggressive progressives last week and he
said it was really important we really
need the Washington Post and The New
York Times we really need them so we can
have a functioning democracy I had to
point out we don't have a functioning
democracy and a lot of it is because of
the job the New York Times and The
Washington Post does even though this is
a story broken by The Washington Post we
don't have a functioning democracy we
don't even have a democracy we have an
oligarchy we have an Oleg Archy and
guess who wants it that way Jeff Bezos
Jeff Bezos at the Washington Post guess
who else Comcast's guess who else Time
Warner on CNN guess who else New York
Times they want it that way here's a
here's a tweet by Andrew Darryl Jones he
says at least poppy Harlow at CNN
honest but a real indictment again of
her and centrist media not knowing about
a bill tying a DEA hands on opioids so
you think there would be a reporter at
CNN at the New York Times at MSNBC
that's dedicated to like maybe checking
out the bills that get passed in
Congress every day maybe they just had
one reporter that that's their job what
got passed today reporter what bills are
up reporter idea we have a little
youtube show we don't have that we don't
have the funds to have someone dedicated
to doing that and doing all the other
stuff everybody here does about five
jobs but I'm sure CNN has a big enough
war chest I mean they can give they give
Trump's campaign manager half a million
dollars to spew propaganda on their show
I'm sure they could hire a reporter to
check out what bills are being passed
right look me in the eye and tell me
what bills were passed today ill passer
person so here's what here's poppy
Harlow over at CNN can be clear not a
single member of the Senate or the house
objected to this legislation if passed
in both chambers by unanimous consent
President Obama signed it you know no
fanfare most Americans didn't even know
about I didn't know about it why why
didn't it fall through so many cracks if
it had this big of an impact because
you're all bought by the same people
that's why because the same people who
bought off the DEA and bought the
Congress and bought the Senate and
bought Barack Obama are the same people
who advertise on your network the
pharmaceutical industry they bought you
off too that's why you're not cuz pop
you didn't get hired because you're an
amazing investigative journalist I don't
know if you look around CNN there aren't
any why do you think there aren't any
investigative journalists investigating
stuff except like Russia
because your advertisers don't want you
investigating stuff that's why you're
not paid to do it they're not buying
advertising and giving you money so you
can do investigations
they're buying advertising and giving
you money so you don't do investigations
the criminals the criminals bought the
cops meaning that the news media they're
bought by the people are supposed to be
investigating so there you have it your
cut your country that's when you're
Barack Obama and the Democrats by the
way that's that's who did that so this
again this idea that Trump is this
unbelievably corrupt guy and we'd never
saw anything like it your government is
hundred-percent corrupted 100% we could
have free college right now but they
decided to give eighty billion dollars
more year to bombs with no debate your
government has already been taken from
you these people wagging their finger at
people for voting for third parties we
should be voting for third fourth fifth
six parties cuz two-party duopoly get
you Donald Trump get you half a country
that's poor input or low income that's
what a two-party system gets you and
it's completely corrupted and Tom Perez
doesn't give a about you Tom Perez
wants to screw you that's why he doesn't
want to give you Medicare for all all
the Democrats that's all of them this is
under this is really happening that
really happened that's going on right
now so he was through this guy's
nomination Tom Marino because of this he
was through that guy's nomination did
they repeal the law are they going to
investigate those guys who went to work
for the pharmaceutical industry who used
to be at the DEA are those guys gonna be
investigated is that are they gonna pass
a law that makes that kind of revolving
door between the government and the
regulators and the in the industries
they're supposed to be regulating that
revolving door they're gonna pass a law
that stops that no they're doing it
right at your face and no one at MSNBC
is gonna talk about how Barack Obama
signed off on this they're not gonna
talk about why why cuz he's corrupted
cuz he's bought the whole goddamn
politics
America is bought which is why
everything's broken which is like 30
million people in the richest country in
the world still don't have health care
which is why we have endless war and
everyone's going bankrupt at home which
is why GoFundMe number one thing is for
medical surgeries that's why it's all
coming back to this and Bernie Sanders
idea that he can reform this you're
gonna reform this is a pipe dream you're
not gonna be able to reform these son of
a from the inside I which worth
the try a try everything I'm not wagging
my finger at Bernie Sanders he's doing
great work he's the only guy talking
about stuff
III think you gotta cross the Democratic
Party I said I don't see this happening
we have the Democrats here in California
we took we thought we took over the
party they have super-delegates at the
state level there's no way they're
letting go of you there's not letting go
of the party they're not letting go of
the corporate cash they're not gonna
stop screwing you they're not gonna stop
screwing you think of your government
the Democrats I don't know any anything
like I have to say it says this not only
does this validate everything we've said
here on this show since the day one but
it also exposes the media it just
exposes how they're just complicit they
didn't know about this go abso I'm sorry
go ahead you know Jimmy when I I it
wasn't that long ago that all these you
know it seemed like these conservative
politicians were saying we have an
opioid problem in our country we need to
solve this problem yeah you know while
they're doing this yes and it's like of
course they're screwing us of course
they're pretending that they care about
this emergency situation and for one I'm
in the book Fahrenheit 451 they talk
about how all these people have to start
you know taking sleeping pills because
there's this constant war that's
happening in the background
it seems pretty similar why are people
trying to get high why did they want to
why
because one they're living in poverty
you there's no jobs yep unless it's war
so who wouldn't get on drugs
I think it's desperate situations for
Americans sixty-three percent of the
Americans don't have a thousand dollars
in savings sixty-three percent of
Americans I wanted to add a side note to
something you said earlier to that
connects all this I mean you mentioned
like yep they're they're still throwing
people in jail for pot part of the
reason they're able to do that it can be
traced back to the pharmaceutical
industry those are all the tentacles the
pharmaceutical industry has so yeah that
they bought out law enforcement cuz back
in the day they they wanted to make sure
that pot was a Class A drugs they didn't
want anything competing with what they
were trying to profit off of pain pills
and what-have-you so you know they have
the cops they have the medium they have
the politicians and in some cases they
have doctors yeah yep so there you go
nice work the United States we need a
revolution we need a revolution we need
people in the streets mass week that's
the only thing that's gonna change the
system because this all comes in the
same thing this all comes from where we
have and never ending war this is why we
have five banks that screw you over this
is why we bailed out our economy on the
backs of 5.1 million families who we
kicked out of their homes that this is
why we spend twice as much for our
health care as the rest of the world
with worse and outcomes this is why we
have 30 million people uninsured have no
health care in America because why we
have private prisons this is why we
aren't one of the world's biggest penal
colony it's all the same thing
our politicians are all bought they're
all bribed and they're all corrupted and
there's that's just a fact and everyone
walks around like yeah that's the way it
goes you can you can't bring it you
can't bring a spoon to a knife fight
your governor has already been taken
from you it's time for a revolution
the next live jimmy dore show is
November 6th in Burbank California and
November 12th and Portland Oregon link
for tickets right there
