hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i have special guest with us Peter
LaValle he's an American journalist
living in Moscow and the co and the host
of crosstalk NRT International he was a
Fulbright fellow in Poland and has
worked as a lecturer at the University
of Warsaw a market researcher and an
investment analyst he's here for us
right now welcome Peter thanks for being
our guest
it's vantastic to be with you happy New
Year to you all well happy New Year to
you now let me just can I just ask very
quickly your personal journey how did
you become an American journalist living
in Moscow working for RT International
okay I'm gonna try to condense this as
much as I possibly can when I was at
fault I was doing my doctoral research
when I was on a Fulbright in Poland
there the job prospects and academia
worked so bleak believe it or not even
were even bleak they were bleak 20 years
ago there were snow and I decided to
stay on in Poland and I got a job an
investment bank I mean compared to
academia that was a walk in the park you
don't have to be all that smart to do
well you know it's a completely
fraudulent industry okay you don't have
to be smart to make money in finance and
I was working for an international firm
in Warsaw and my boss was an American he
moved to Moscow worked for a major
Russian bank and he kept enticing me and
I was you know for the first 35 years of
my life I lived poor I was an academic
and he was enticing me with money that I
could never this is a once-in-a-lifetime
chance like I lived in Poland for a long
time I was actually quite Russa phobic
to be honest with you and I came here
then there was a financial crisis the
bank did give me a severance package I
was able to stay and then I worked for a
small Russian investment house was quite
disenchanted with that and then I
started writing just freelance not even
asking for money just my kind of
observations because Western media
coverage of the country I was living in
this country now living in Moscow is
just so off I mean so skewed that I just
started kind of as a
corrective and was something I thought
it was kind of a public service and then
I started doing it more and more and
started getting paid for it and started
making a living not easy but you know I
was doing it and then one of the biggest
problems were something that was in that
position is that how do you stay in this
country because you need to have you
know working papers you have to have a
visa and at that time the immigration
people are saying well you know you're
kind of like a tourist but you're kind
of working here and we need to get you
on one track or another and then the
Russian information in agency called
Novosti they asked me on what they I
applied for a job there because
primarily it would give me a visa we pay
for the visa and I would be here legally
and then I work for them for a little
while and then arty international
started was called Russia today then and
interestingly enough the topic they
wanted me to talk about was fara in
foreign agents because there was a
article there was at that time there was
an NGO law passed here in Russia and
everyone's about the West is like oh
this is terrible it's the trampling on
freedom and I pointed out on air and I
said well you know if you kind of look
at the American document from 1938 and
you look at the Russian document from
2005 they're almost duplicates
duplicates and I said no I mean this is
normal this is what all Western
countries do Russia finally is catching
up and doing it itself so this is
nothing extraordinary it's actually been
now it was more or less the same thing
so though so you were at that but that's
okay from that point on I just never
looked back I mean oh all I do is keep
looking at the hypocrisy of things go
ahead like you guys do all the time so
I'm surprised at the ubiquitousness of
the modern-day Red Scare even internet
progressive news shows are going along
with the CIA the FBI and the oligarchs
and it's overwhelming to me because you
know during the run-up to the Iraq war
the establishment media was again
in unison but there was a little million
people in the streets
there's no million people in the streets
pushing back against this in fact if you
if you speak up against it you have a
million people smearing you and it's you
know it comes from the Washington Post
to come from MSNBC it's it I'm actually
scared by it so I guess two questions
are you surprised by the ubiquitous of
it and does it scare you yes I'm
surprised by the level and intensity of
it because if we want to use the term
rush again it's a conspiracy without a
crime so I'm still waiting to see what
the big deal was I mean you know let's
remind our viewers here you know
Watergate started because James McCord
one of the plumbers weren't then they
broke into the DNC he went to judge
Scalia he went to the federal judge that
sentenced him and he gave the judge a
letter saying people during this trial
the plumbers that the media called them
people have purged themselves and the
judge said this is evidence and that was
the origins of the Watergate it was they
started from a crime here I'm still
waiting for whatever crime was committed
but we've had 18 months of this
ridiculous immediate escape goading of
people just like you said if you if you
dissent at all you're tarred and
feathered and your careers can be
destroyed I mean I'm already dead for
them so actually that's kind of a
freedom I have okay I mean I I work at
RT I'm very outspoken I'm not afraid of
anyone I'm I'm more afraid for
journalism in the United States because
I think it's been so corrosive over the
last I mean not you know it's been in a
bad state for a while but over the last
18 months I there's it's the age of
disbelief and it's the media that has
done this and they're the ones that
elected Donald Trump the media did so
but yeah I thought it was Susan Sarandon
and Jill Stein
you know the altie all-powerful the
all-powerful that's exactly right
but it's the progress
that they're going after now because the
Trump people they've already been tarred
and feathered they've already been outed
in all of that I think they're less and
less concerned with them because the
media has already convinced people
without any facts whatsoever these
narratives are accepted as truth and now
this strategy is to destroy the
progressive nothing it has already been
quite damaged to go after progressives
going after Jill Stein I mean that is
really a wake up call a really wake up
call it's because she dared does have an
opinion she dared to run for office that
is her constitutional right that is
really quite terrifying and it shows to
me that they have this game plan and
they're using Google YouTube Instagram
Facebook they're going after any kind of
dissent and it's descent on the left not
descent on the right well of course it's
not the sense of it's the course it's
the yeah there's no well there is
dissent on the right I mean someone like
myself I'm I look at Pat Buchanan to
someone that I like when it comes to
foreign policy a Ron Paul is a
libertarian on foreign policy I think
that you know there are smart people
progressives and the very small number
of liberals you have conservatives paleo
cons you can call it that
that are I actually listened to Donald
Trump during the election because the
campaign because he said things about
foreign policy that I agreed with I
agreed with very strongly and you can
imagine my disappointment it was like
that one element there they thought they
that is a corrective there and of course
we've all been proven that he we were
proven wrong to believe any kind of
rhetoric like that so why do you think
there was such a friction between the
Trump administration and the CIA the
Intel the intelligence community right
it seems like he's going right along
with doing their bidding it was a just
because he wouldn't do it in Syria well
you know talk to a number of experts
about that yes he's going along but he's
not getting any dividends for it he's
not getting anything for it and this is
what's really fun and quite interesting
because there still could it go
to him alright they're still going to
obstruct he can't he doesn't have
control over his own DOJ he's given away
any kind of authority that he has for
himself to the to the to the Defense
Department the CIA well you know when he
bombed Syria Oh was very interesting
look at the picture they put out for the
media all defense people there wasn't
anyone from the intelligence community
there not one person it's very
interesting fact I don't think anyone
from the State Department was there
either you know what's the significance
of just keep it away he's given away a
lot of things but he's not getting
anything in return okay that if that's
the art of the deal no deal for me so
why do you think that is why do you
think he's not getting anything back if
he's doing the bidding of the
establishment and the intelligence
community they think if they contain him
but still get rid of him no I don't see
them accepting him I don't and we have
to really seriously wonder what kind of
intelligence reports he's being given to
make these kinds of decisions all right
you know I think that you know if you
look at all of this
the real collusion through collusion in
the 2016 election was in the Department
of Justice I mean if you look at what's
been coming out I mean they were gonna
do everything before and after the
election to derail the constitutional
outcome of the of the electorate okay I
mean I have to be agnostic in my
position is very clear and I do not
deviate from it he was elected under the
system that we have like it or not he is
there if you want to remove him and I'm
agnostic about his personal thing you
better make it legal because you're
destroying institutions left and right
the media is going along with it you
better be careful what you wish for
because if you make the standard
political behavior of the federal
government is regime change if you don't
like the guy you're gonna truly regret
it and that's one of the definitions of
a banana republic so everybody better be
careful about what they do if P is going
to be impeached it should be done
constitutionally and legally and
otherwise you endanger all those
institutions and the
believe people having democracy at all
and of course I have no belief in trust
in the mainstream media whatsoever so
what do you think America needs to know
about RT well I mean if you look at RT I
can talk about RT International because
this is where I work I'm one of the only
conservative voices there most of the
people the foreigners that there are are
kind of mainstream if not liberal let's
look at RT America it's a very liberal
place I think you've been on the program
with Jesse Ventura and you know some of
the people there I think it's fair to
say that they're left progressive almost
to the person and that's fine because we
have diversity of broadcast we have a
pretty good diversity and I think it's
pretty well balanced it's you know what
what I think we achieve and I think what
we're really attacked for is that we
question narratives all kinds of
narratives about what kind of equality
or inequality there is in the United
States my hobbyhorses foreign policy and
security policy about the duplicity of
so much that it's done in the name of
the United States abroad I mean look at
look at you Ron right now I mean you
know we have you know decades which
punish the Iranian people for their
regime and then we come out in the last
few days we wonder we want to help the
people of Iran I mean come on I have a
memory these people in the media they
just don't and you know the McCain iax
in the Senate I mean just look at their
record that's all I do I just say well
this is what he said in 2008 and this is
what he says now that's I'm not
conspiring I'm not making anything up
I'm using the public public record and
I'll give you I'll tell you something
that I always do in my program I always
cite Western sources reliable sources
Washington Post and New York Times CNN
this is what they say I always use their
sources against them okay so what what I
do and what a lot of people around me do
is we question narratives and nothing
more or nothing less and we give people
that have been shunned by the mainstream
a platform to speak but of course
they're they're being
intimidated I'm not gonna name names
right now but some very prominent people
that have been on my program have told
me privately that the atmosphere here
it's it's too it's too constraining and
there's a lot of fear
it's a McCarthy I like environment and
they want to lay low for a while to see
where this goes and I always have to say
okay I have no problem but it's really
sad when do you think we will get to our
have you no dignity sir moment when does
that happen
you know that that's a hard question to
answer because you know you had you know
you had Edward or Mauro you know you had
somebody of stature lavitus that could
stand up and say and speaking for the
Fourth Estate saying shame on you well I
don't see that happening right now this
is the real problem you know if you I
don't remember the origins of it but I
was growing up during the Vietnam War as
a small boy and you have to remember
that you had the see all the major
networks then they weren't very Pro war
for most of it until there was a kind of
a critical mass and then were some
individual voices like Walter Cronkite
that said hey I've been there I've seen
this what what the what the Pentagon is
telling us it's simply not true it's
fabricated and then we had the Pentagon
Papers to back it up I don't see anyone
what you think Jake Tapper is gonna
stand up you think you know yeah right
right okay or that Cuomo fellow that I
had a quarrel with a few years ago do
you think he's gonna stand up for the
truth
none of these well what they just do is
cut a paycheck you know they you know
what they make it in a month I can't
imagine making over years okay I mean
nobody where I work makes a lot of
buckets of money okay and not at all
so I'm not waiting for them to stand up
for the truth because that what they're
just doing is they're just a PR arm for
the for the deep state and in the
corporatist that's all they do and
they're there lavishly lavishly rewarded
for what they do and so you know I wake
up in the morning and look in the mirror
and
feel great about myself because I am
saying exactly what I think all of the
time and maybe by virtue of my job I
actually get to speak to some really
interesting people that the media
Shone's okay important academics people
that used to be very big in journalism
but nobody they're not allowed to be
heard anymore so I can't answer your
question Jimmy I wish I did and I don't
think it's gonna happen for a while I
don't know how this thing is gonna play
out I don't know how it's gonna burn
itself out and you know it's like a
wounded beast I mean they're not going
to react well going down what you mean
the people pushing the McCarthy the Red
Scare are not gonna react well when this
starts to unravel I mean it is
unraveling it's unraveling left and
right it's just not getting a lot of
coverage okay I mean you know you even I
think it was it was what was it new it
was actually the New York Times is
actually saying you know some of these
narratives are I mean okay again you
know we get the investigation into Trump
over Russian collusion is based on a
fake dossier and George papadopolis
having a drunkard conversation with an
Australian diplomat you can't even make
this stuff up okay and and so you know
it is coming out right now
I guess what's really gonna be
interesting as Muller's report and well
people believe it it would have
credibility and it seems to me that you
know you have George papadopolis a young
guy that misspoke and I you know he was
trying he was trying to impress and he
didn't do a very good job of it and he
ruined his career by lying to the FBI
and then you have Paul Manafort which is
I mean if you look at this guy's history
I mean this guy's a pretty dodgy
character I mean you know he's he's all
over in Ukraine and I'd like to point
out to our viewers who because it almost
never gets any airtime Paul Manafort was
working for the eunich ovitch government
before it was overthrown illegally and
in February 2014 Unicode which was
trying to get into a European
association agreement something the
Russians didn't particularly like okay
so you have this you know they always
say this pro-russian president well no
he wasn't pro-russian he was he was
defending his oligarchic Klan behind him
because his Klan mostly in the east and
the Donbass that is under siege right
now by the Kiev government these
oligarchs they wanted to clean their
money and they set the unit Kovich you
run our clan now make a deal with the
Europeans cuz we want to clean our money
that is the origins of what Paul man for
it was doing in Ukraine okay selling a
deal so the oligarchs could to clean
their filthy money from the eastern part
of Ukraine so next time you hear some of
the you know Kovich the pro-russian
president it's it's garbage it has
there's no basis in truth in it
whatsoever and I know Ukrainian politics
pretty damn well
okay so I've certainly said that on this
show that he was pro-russian because
that's how it's been reported everywhere
is the first time I've ever heard the
ayahs but it doesn't make any logical
sense why was the president of Ukraine
involved in in developing an European
association agreement when they knew the
Russians weren't happy why weren't the
Russians happy about it I'll tell you
why because then it would be a conduit
you you have Ukraine would get into some
kind of trading agreement with the
European Union and then trade from the
European Union we go into Ukraine and
then it would seep into Russia where
they wouldn't have any customs control
and the Russians are saying look you're
gonna flood the market and we won't be
able to compete we we need to have some
kind of a trading association agreement
with them as well and they crating said
they didn't care because the oligarchs
in the east wanted to clean their money
they don't care about the people and so
the Russians had no you you you better
be careful in doing that we you need to
negotiate with us simultaneously and the
Russians asked that three different
times before the coup publicly and they
asked the European Union to do the same
is that they work three to all three
partners together and work out a deal
where you wouldn't flood the Russian
market with cheap goods from the
European Union so I mean there's nothing
diabolical about it it's very logical I
mean that's what countries do protect
their borders and trade like what the
Russians wanted was perfectly normal no
one ever says the army
