all right so things have gotten so bad
in America I mean as far as they so-so
so when we have this income inequality
that's the biggest income inequality
since I was to say the Gilded Age and
let's remember what the Gilded Age means
all right so Gilded Age means that
everything looks okay on the surface
because there's like this sprinkling of
gold dust on the top but other neat it's
hiding underneath the rot right so
that's the Gilded Age and that's we're
living in another Gilded Age right now
right so there's a rot in this country
where half the people in this country
are poor or low-income 63% can't afford
$1,000 emergency 50% of all wage earners
earn $30,000 or less in the richest
country in the world
half of all wage earners are in $30,000
or less in the richest country in the
world and 29 million people still don't
have health care in America richest
country in the world so and we're paying
twice as much as the rest of the world
so I often ask people what do you call
that what do you call a system that
takes the richest people that richest
country that the face of the earth has
ever seen and renders half its country
half its population poorer low-income
what do you call that you call that a
failed system and so a lot of people now
are wanting to tinker with our
capitalistic system a lot more than we
did before so remember what FDR he
didn't say he brought socialism to
America what FDR did was he claimed he
saved capitalism right because
capitalism failed it had failed and it
fails often and it's failing right now
and so you have to keep in mind that the
reason why Mark Zuckerberg and Jeff
Bezos and Warren Buffett and the guy
from Microsoft Bill Gates while they're
all allowed to accumulate more money
than you know you can't even imagine in
your brain how much money they have the
reason is because of political decisions
that's not because of capitalism per se
it's because of
[Music]
politics politicians
have legislated that he Jeff Bezos and
Amazon doesn't have to pay any taxes
they just they just legislated in
Seattle they had a tax on the biggest
wealthiest corporations and they were
gonna give some of that tax money to
help their homeless people
well Bezos and Amazon came in and got
rid of that law so these are choices
that politicians make so you have to
understand this isn't just because of
capitalism this is because of choices
that politicians make inside our
economic system which is a mixed system
of capitalism and socialism so and and
it's gotten so bad it's gotten so bad
that even guys like Tucker Carlson are
noticing and calling out the oligarchs
Jeff Bezos richest man in the world Jeff
Bezos could and you know you can end
homelessness in the United States you
know how much it would cost to end
homelessness twenty billion dollars
that's it Jeff Bezos has already this
year made forty billion dollars billion
this year so you could he could end
homelessness twice with the money he's
made this year and he would still have a
hundred billion dollars left over and he
doesn't do it why because guys like Jeff
Bezos are narcissistic megalomaniacs and
that's what happened the studies are out
there the more money you make the less
of a human being you become you can't
even pick up other people's emotional
cues and you have way less empathy and
sympathy for other people but here's
let's watch tucker carlson and then
we'll talk about it was the founder of
Amazon is worth about a hundred and
fifty billion dollars that's enough to
make him the richest man in the world by
far and possibly the richest human being
in all of human history it's certainly
enough to pay his employees well but he
doesn't a huge number of Amazon workers
are so poorly paid they qualify for
federal welfare benefits according to
data from the nonprofit group new food
economy nearly one in three Amazon
employees in Arizona for example was on
food stamps last year Jeff Bezos isn't
paying his workers enough to eat so you
made up the difference with your tax
dollars next time you see
Bezos make certain this but he says
thank you what about the Walton family
they founded Walmart collectively
they're worth about a hundred and
seventy five billion dollars that's more
than the entire gross domestic product
of Qatar the oil-rich Gulf State the
walls could certainly afford to be
generous with their workers instead they
count on you to take up the slack in
2013
taxpayers sent more than six billion
dollars to Walmart's employees for food
stamps Medicaid and housing assistance
and if you think that's remarkable meet
Travis kalanick he's the youthful
founder of uber his personal fortune is
close to five billion dollars his
drivers
by contrast often make less than minimum
wage one recent study found that many
Huber drivers lose money working for the
company that's not a sustainable
business model the only so I want to
stop it there that's what I'm keep
thinking like these aren't sustainable
business models you know like so when
Walmart comes into a city hollows out
all their brick-and-mortar stores
because they undercut their prices and
they pay wages and they give no
benefits how long can you sustain that
without well we're not sustaining it
right so thirty million people don't
have health care do you know that 43% of
homeless people actually have a job in
America did you know that yes 43% of
homeless people actually have a job and
so this is unsustainable and that's
exactly what he said so at some point we
have to people go well go to college and
work harder and core car so at some
point you it's it's not an individual
problem this is a collective problem
when 63 percent of the country can't
afford a thousand-dollar emergency
that's not because of individuals as
decisions and somebody's lazy or
somebody didn't pay attention in school
or somebody doesn't want to work that's
almost seven six seven out of ten in
your country are poor that's a systemic
failure and so we have to address it by
as a as a community we have to address
it as a culture because these are
unsustainable economic ideas so let's
finish this and then we'll throw it to
our panel then it continues is because
of your generosity because
you're paying the welfare benefits for
ubers impoverished drivers so socialism
though there are ways socialism what are
you gonna run out of other people's
money except the capitalists are the one
who are using socialism more than
anybody to subsidize their workforce
that's the irony here now billionaires
like Travis get to keep buying bigger
houses and more airplanes he's someone
else who's you would think you know if
you can think of a less fair system than
this send us an email we'd love to hear
about this system is indefensible and
yet almost nobody ever complains about
it how come well conservatives like us
I'll tell you why I'll tell you why
nobody ever complains about it is
because the people are supposed to be
complaining about it are being paid by
the people who they're supposed to be
complaining about that's why they don't
complain about it do you know why Chuck
Todd doesn't scream about the
military-industrial complex because
Lockheed Martin sponsors his goddamn
show that's why do you know why most
people don't scream about Amazon because
he sponsors them that's why because he
owns the Washington Post because he's
got politicians in his back pocket
because he's got the CIA in his back
pocket that's why because the it
happened a while ago in 1996 with the
Telecommunications Act the reporters
used to report on the corporations and
the politicians and when they became
criminal well it turns out they're
criminals most of the time and they just
decided hey we'll buy the news people
and then they're not going to report and
that's exactly what happened they're
owned by the people they're supposed to
be investigating and so that's a big
problem so by the way here's john
stossel john stossel says this is not a
scam this is capitalism it creates
wealth for everyone how could they like
just he's just sticking his fingers in
his ears and he's putting his hands over
his eyes and he just laid out for you
how the people who work for that company
are on assistance and how the people at
uber make less than the minimum wage and
are also on assistants meanwhile the
people who run those companies are the
richest people that history of ever
known do you see how this isn't
sustainable do you
see how you were supposed to have a
government that comes in and puts rules
and regular by the way there's no such
thing as a free marketing we believe in
free markets there are no such thing as
free markets markets are invented by
guys who have to sell and they
create markets rules that protect them
that's what a free market is
that gotta throw it - my panelists let
me throw it to my panel any what do you
guys have to say
oh I mean there's so much to say about
Bezos and Amazon I mean a funny thing
about John Stossel is uh Cara Lee trust
anything he says he just made a video
about Abby a few weeks ago and then
within a couple days he had to delete it
and retract all his statements in the
video I saw that he actually said Tellis
or can murder people he said Fox News is
way less dangerous there are no Alex
Jones is less dangerous than Telus or
because Telesur can have people murdered
Wow just just total libelous hack right
there but I'm go on I mean talk about
because because the end of the tucker
carlson clip is very saying you know
this is not pure capitalism he goes into
that hole this is not pure capitalism
well it's funny I mean you know Jeff
Bezos describes himself as a free market
libertarian so it's like interesting
that that's that's what uh Tucker saying
we need to get back to you but Bezos is
for that too because that's how that's
how he made all those money but the
market you know it's not free but it's
good it's not free markets he rigs the
market that's why he doesn't have to pay
taxes and now the other brick-and-mortar
places do and he has an unfair advantage
well yeah I mean isn't capitalism just
about you know expansion and growing I
mean not being stagnant and so what they
just want to reverse the clock back to
where the big monopolies don't exist and
then it's just gonna be a bunch of
disparate small and medium sized
businesses that just never expand or
grow and they're just like content and
they're little no no making profits at
any time I mean the whole nature of it
is to grow and expand so they're just
about turning the clock back a little
bit so they could become the next Jeff
Bezos who by the way the amount of money
that he has right now if you were making
$15 an hour and working full time to
make the amount of money that he has
right now you'd have to work for four
thousand years straight you know he's
like 20 minutes he's making what one of
his workers makes an entire year yeah
absolutely so well I think that I agree
with Stossel here this is not a scam
this is the inevitability of the
capitalist system this is literally what
it turns into everyone says oh under
communism it's just the government
controlling everything under
capitals and it's just
is on I just want the whole foods Amazon
Prime everywhere I'm like okay so
they own they own Whole Foods they own
the CIA Washington Post I mean what I
just don't understand so we're gonna
have some water you've got water you
have to get it from every guy yet so
it's it go ahead I'm sorry no I was just
gonna say also that um you know someone
went undercover and this is this keeps
happening every year someone will go
undercover with the Amazon warehouses
and the way that their warehouses are
created is astounding I mean you know
you're talking about the size of
multiple football fields these people
are running around maybe over 12 miles
every single day they can't take
bathroom breaks there's a robot that
basically registers every time that they
package something or take something off
the shelf and it's literally like
seconds if you waste seconds you will
get docked and if you get docked enough
you don't you know you get penalized and
you essentially get fired so unless you
are literally not going to the bathroom
and running full speed through these
warehouses yeah if you won't even get
rewarded with the below minimum wage
probably that he's paying business isn't
working by the way he's not making you
know every 20 minutes with one of his
workers makes a year he's not he's not
he just owns it I mean that's why he's
making his money he just owns the thing
he's not showing up at the office and
like stuff he's in the Galapagos Island
eating the guan --is there on his yacht
so he and he looks like evil he just
look so evil look exactly like dr. evil
when we're talking about Amazon
employees they're us
they're men and women there are people
who are working in these fulfillment
centers which can be more creepy but
they have kids they have family members
they have health issues and it's
criminal what we allow Amazon to do it's
what we love Walmart to do it Amazon to
do it and it's just it isn't it amazing
that it's Tucker Carlson screaming about
it's not Rachel Maddow it's not Chris
Hayes it's not Lawrence to fake tough
guy on TV O'Donnell it's guess who it is
it's this guy who people think is the
worst guy in the world because they say
he's a mouthpiece for white nationalists
and all that well why is it someone else
saying the things he's saying why is it
Tucker Carlson who
actually sticking up for the middle
class here although he does blame the
left he comes to a wrong conclusion
about how this guy got there this is
about the corporate capture of our
government that's that's what this is
all about this is that we don't live in
a democracy this is about we live in a
NOLA gargy and they make the rules for
themselves in this idea that you know we
get to vote so we wait again if voting
made a difference they wouldn't let us
do it so that this is this is where we
are and so that's the to me that's the
bigger question why is it places like I
mean we've done plenty of stuff about
Jeff Bezos on this show we got rid of
our Amazon link we don't want to
participate in that and I don't other
people do I I you know I think the
answer to Amazon isn't personal action
like that I don't think that ever is
gonna make a difference because half the
country there's more people that have
Amazon Prime that have that landline in
the United States did you know that you
know that 50% of all internet purchases
in the United States go through Amazon
so it's not you can't fight them what we
have to do is get our government to
regulate them correctly and break them
up and do what you're supposed to do
that's that's that's the way we fight
back on Amazon right and so we have
strong unions and we're supposed to have
abducted political leaders who make it
easier to join unions not harder Barack
Obama didn't do that we don't have card
check see these are choices do you
understand why white workers don't have
more of the profits of Amazon because of
the political decisions made at the top
of government by Barack Obama who didn't
give card check to unions so now they
don't have it so now that's harder to
unionize so now guys like Jeff Bezos
have a hundred and fifty billion dollars
and his workers are on relief so do you
see why political decisions are the ones
that make all this happen it's not
necessarily capitalism it's the way you
run your capitalism and this is the way
we've decided to run our capitalism let
the guys who are supposed to be
regulated by it are the ones who are
running our government
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time
when you could ask us questions and we
answer them back thanks for your support
[Music]
