hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here i have two special guests
hilarious comedians producers riders the
whole thing they do the whole thing it's
laura kite linger and steve scroll bad
Jimmy how you doing stop doing great
thanks for being here you guys look
fantastic I'm only here because of Steph
okay she's not but I can't you know and
this yeah oh that's right this Marty I
like this is like 50s television when
you can actually can tell how do you do
the news without a martini that's all I
know
cuz you have to try and you know uplift
you know have your spirits up a little
bit otherwise it's too depressing
spirits literally spirits you're right I
mean you have to you know maybe it's not
really they say it's not really a mood
elevator though well I certainly well
when I get on the elevator it goes up
yeah all right well we're gonna talk
about switching from that to Harvey
Weinstein ladies and gentlemen now
what's why the reason I'm bringing this
up is because it's gotten worse so
there's the actress Rose McGowan who
well she started tweeting aggressively
about Harvey Weinstein Anthony Bourdain
tweeted out can we use the word rapist
now hashtag Weinstein and then she
retweeted and said now am I allowed to
say rapist oh that's a pretty heavy-duty
who who retin-a female criminal attorney
said because I'd done a sex scene in a
film I would never win against the
studio head hashtag why women don't
report these are all tweets she's making
about it she says because it's been an
open secret in Hollywood media and they
shamed me while I don't add you lating
my rapist hashtag white women don't
report they they've spent an open secret
and they shame her while add you lating
her rapist Wow
because my ex sold our movie to my
rapist for distribution why women don't
report this is all why women this is
this is some pretty heavy-duty stuff now
wasn't it her Twitter account shut down
so we're gonna get to that yes that
certainly happened she says now imagine
his huge size his monster face closing
in on you in one second your life path
is not yours
you have been stolen so here's
a recording that an Italian model made
so she was harassed by him he actually
grabbed groped her she got so upset she
called cops the cop said wear a wire
right so she wears a wire and here's the
recording so her her name is her last
name is Gutierrez but she's the she's an
Italian model and she wore the wire here
it is this is this is not this is
uncomfortable okay so she says yesterday
was kind of aggressive for me meaning
that's the day he grabbed her he groped
her that's why she's wearing a wire
she's trying to get him to admit that he
did that and he's going to admit it
please I swear I won't just sit with me
don't embarrass me in the hotel
it's who gets enticed by that just come
do the sexual thing with me you'll never
have to see me again let's see what
that's so creepy I feel like I can hear
it seems like it's almost like I feel
like it could be Woody Allen talking to
like one of his kids I do I feel that
way it's like it's like a little it's
like a young girl and you know I mean
she's a young woman and a dad saying
don't embarrass me don't don't embarrass
me in this hotel I'm well-known here I
come around don't embarrass me so now
you have to come and do horrible sex
stuff and so you don't embarrass me and
that's wow that's a real predator yeah
yeah that's real that's a real predator
it's a little bit more let's listen to
it
everything my children who have molested
you bring your children into trying to
get swanky with a woman you're trying to
I swear my children I'm not who aren't
as hot as you all right there's a little
bit more hey god this guy he's coming
now and one minute and if you want to
leave when the guy so he admit is
amazing that he admitted I will do it
again
she is amazing tips have him repeating
everything butch what a smart and yeah
but somehow this wasn't enough to
prosecute so what was not enough we're
gonna let's listen to this me
for me again
I know but yes there was Christ coming I
will never do another thing - five
minutes don't ruin your friendship with
me for five minutes
don't ruin your friendship with me for
five minutes meaning like I can do all
this stuff free I'm Holies lauding power
over her her career over her her
everything over her for five minutes
you're gonna throw away your career and
your friendship with me one of the most
powerful guys in Hollywood you're gonna
do that just five minutes don't screw up
your life because if you don't do it
it'll screw up your life coz now I'll be
your enemy that's what he's saying
that's what he well what a predator and
what about serial rapist
Bill Cosby yeah he is not in jail till
the day he dies right yep there you
agree right why is there a statute of
limitations on rape why it's like
they're saying it isn't a violent crime
it isn't worth you know someone to
scarring for life yeah right yeah people
are scarred for life why should you
never a limitation yeah so there's a
little bit more please you make me a big
scene
and that's that
what okay it's such an insight into a
predators of thinking right like ah he
tries to command her to do it do not
embarrass me you must come here now all
that stuff like that must work sometimes
right meanwhile Steve's at his hand on
my lap the whole time she's making that
joke ladies and gentlemen I just want
you to know she is making the joke this
is a guy who has no game Steve came in
with a broken leg she just proved that
he couldn't possibly ya know it this is
yeah it's sad because when I read about
first day Ashley judge thing she they
gave me the choice I he took him massage
or she could watch me shower and I would
say every that wait a minute you're
supposed to want to see me tonight I
gotta see you naked hate that's inside
and I feel like just having to that
thought in your head for a second of
Harvey Weinstein in the shower I felt
like that was an assault yes yeah that
is an assault yeah so okay so there's
that so that's horrible that's horrible
but it gets worse because Rose McGowan
she tweeted out so there's this woman
Asia Argento
so she was harassed by Harvey Weinstein
in a similar fashion so she wrote a
scene about it and put it you know and
by the way that's Dario Argento's
daughter and she's a terrific actress
and being around a director and all of
that you know and you know her father is
well known she wouldn't have to have I
mean I mean Harvey Weinstein should have
at least had the wherewithal to say I'm
I can't get something from this woman
because she's established she her
father's in the business she knows about
predators like me hopefully but anyway
I'm sorry but she but he still did he
still tried right yeah even though
doesn't matter because he's he did it to
a reporter for a local news but in in in
New York because and he got that
suppressed he masturbated and right into
a potted plant
and as bill bill burr says did you know
you could go to rehab for that now well
you know the odd thing is that plant
looks exactly how you're going oh of
course
yeah striking resemblance yes yeah yeah
so here's that so you want to see that
scene you want to see the scene so
here's the scene that Asia Argento made
and it's about Harvey Weinstein and how
he treats here we go so that looks like
a fully clothed actress who he had
called to his hotel room for a meeting
which is how he did it come we're gonna
have a meeting we're gonna put you in a
movie we're gonna get your movie made
I'm gonna read your script I'm gonna do
the thing we're gonna do your book deal
and turn it into a book that's how he
works right he gets some in there cuz
the yeah I got and then now watch how he
does it so he said give me a massage and
I'll read that little story of yours
that Scarlett diva thing so she's got a
script
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
well first of all you know he's not
serious about the massage cuz he's lying
yeah yeah so he's not the big bad bear
it looked like he was gonna attack her
right at the end yeah I think he is the
big bad bear so there you go there's
this so after Rose McGowan tweeted all
this stuff out she got bad a Steve said
earlier from Twitter we have determined
that this account violated the Twitter
rules so we've temporarily limited some
of your account features while in this
state you can still browse Twitter but
you're limited totally so anyway you can
start your countdown so she had to
delete some tweets first so it says
right there delete the tweets that
violate our rules do you know what
tweets those were they they claim well
we're gonna get to that sheet she then
wrote Twitter has suspended me there are
powerful forces at work be my voice
rosemary why women don't report rose
army I'm sorry rose army yeah why women
don't report so some women call for a
boycott of Twitter after actress Rose
McGowan is partially suspended here's
someone Kara Swisher I read these tweets
and they were no worse than Trump's and
newsworthy to McGowan suspended from
Twitter
hey Twitter let us know which of these
rules Rose McGowan broke asking for
multiple victims of sexual violence
that's from Jessica Chastain and then
Paul fig he said Wow
Twitter seriously this is the account
you suspend but not Trump we threatened
to wipe out another country suspend me
too please
and here's Twitter statement they said
we have been in touch with Miss MS
McGowan's team we want to explain that
her account
temporary lock because of one of her
tweets included a private phone number
that's what they say which violates our
Terms of Service the tweet was removed
and her account has been unlocked we
will be clearer about these policies and
decisions in the future well that was
certainly some pretty shitty optics that
was some pretty shitty optics a rape
victim is tweeting about her very now
publicly liable powerful a raper and you
block her account that's goddamn it how
dumb is everyone over at Twitter are you
guys just bullets lastly here's Jack
he's pretty dumb he says we need to be a
lot more transparent in our actions and
in order to build trust yeah I bet you
do Jack well it's really know people at
Twitter there's just all algorithms so
they don't you know they can't see the
nuance of things so you think when that
when someone gets blocked or shadow
banned or anything on Twitter which
happens a lot or someone gets suspended
like that it's happened to me I got
suspended for a day cuz I told someone
to go kill themselves someone who was
tweeting at me some and I was
like I was like that's a that's a great
idea please kill yourself they suspended
me for that and they made me delete that
tweet uh that's that's a figure of
speech
I think you're allowed to use and you're
not and so Glenn Greenwald tweeted this
out earlier he said when are people
gonna realize that letting Silicon
Valley
Oleg arks determine what his free speech
isn't gonna end well we can't rely I'm
observing sure I paraphrase what he said
I butchered it but we you know relying
on Silicon Valley billionaires to
determine what's acceptable free speech
is a pretty shitty idea I agree with
that what do you think yeah well having
a better side with his free speech right
including though getting back to the
Colin Kaepernick thing I mean that
that's the very same thing yeah yeah
well there you go that's I'm glad we had
a woman on the panel to feel the gross
Ness of Harvey Weinstein to listen to
that recording oh can you imagine
letting your daughter around that guy
can you imagine letting your daughter oh
I get these fees kind of doing a movie
for who Harvey Weinstein no you're not
but you know and that's why I'm amazed
when actors do films with Polanski or
Woody Allen I just think you know you
know that the there you know Petter s
yes so so what Woody Allen is definitely
I mean he puts the extra creep in it cuz
it's his semi daughter Yeah right as
someone who is a kid when he met and
raised hell praise ya
so that's gross and was allowed to adopt
which I find just unbelievable he and
his wife and he and Unni who basically
are I felt like our government gave her
to him mm-hmm because you know it's okay
if you rape someone as long as you marry
them like it is in other countries
basically and so they but now but they
adopted two little girls and I think how
can that happen when you know that even
if this person and just that even if
it's someone who's suspected of it you
know he took photos of his you know 13
year old daughter nude photos and and we
said yeah that guy seems like a good dad
let's let him adopt Barbara Walters in
fact spoke up for his character and said
you should see him with those kids he's
great with the kids that's what she said
Barbara Walters let's remember Barbara
Walters was also having anyway I wanted
I don't want to do that but I don't want
to shame anybody for their sexuality but
so I there's so much in in that story
there's the oldest story in the world of
women being oppressed by powerful people
exploiting them for sex there's women
being told to shut up because of it
there's by the way that they didn't ever
prosecuted and they had that tape the
guy this the district attorney's
supposed to prosecute him he got
$100,000 donation from Harvey Weinstein
and no sudden there was not enough
evidence yes yes hundred thousand
dollars that's all it took to get rid of
that he groped that that Italian model
he tried to do it again and she got a
wire
got him to admit it they got him dead to
rights they don't prosecute cuz however
once I gave a hundred grand to the
prosecutor
there's no way to reopen the trial or
anything I don't know what they're so
they're looking at you know that guy's
up for reelection by the way that guy
who'd that prosecutor he's so he's up
for reelection right now running
unopposed and governor clamorous Vance
right
yes sir strands junior whose father was
a senior yeah it was the Secretary of
State in the Carter cars registration
come who who did kind of a stand-up
thing when he resigned because he
disapproved of the that secret mission
military mission to Iran
oh the one was that dive in the hostage
yeah and the helicopters got full of
saying yes so this guy is sort of known
for integrity but I guess his son I
guess it's not I guess the integrity
falls far from the tree
yeah all right well so that's quite a
story and well there you go
Portland Oregon the Jimmy Dore show is
coming to the Alberta Rose theater
November 12th and we're going to Burbank
California November 6th and the
Hollywood improv on October 16th there's
a link for tickets right down there go
to jimmy dore comedy calm for all legs
for all shows
