everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
i'm here with rob lakota the miserable
liberal I'm miserable howdy howdy Ron
off his sold-out tour oh it was a lot of
fun there you go Louisville's sold-out
Asheville sold-out yep all right we'll
see you July 15th in Chicago is there
are there still tickets available maybe
I'm not sure just a handful Portland all
the way sold out okay we want to talk
about that what happened last night I'm
talking about the the primary so there
was a lot of everybody saying it's a big
deal for progressives here's the
Washington Post they're doing video now
here's what they said about it
House Democrats had a rather rude
awakening on Tuesday night as their
number four ranking official Congressman
Joe Crowley of New York City was
defeated in a primary by an unheralded
opponent named Alexandria Ocasio Cortez
Crowley's loss was almost instantly tied
to House Majority Leader Eric Cantor's
loss in a Republican primary in 2014
Cantor's loss was seen as a rebuke of
House Republican leadership of his
moderation on issues like immigration
and a sign of a desire for new
leadership in the Republican Party so
they got their new leadership the people
on the right were sick and tired of
their leadership and it was proven by
them out seeing Eric Cantor and then
they went on to oust the whole goddamn
establishment and they elected Donald
Trump as their standard bearer in the
primary so they had a real revolution in
the Republican Party Donald Trump is a
signal of that even though he's not it's
a fake revolution yes he's rude to the
establishment but he's doing even worse
policies for working people so that's
the thing yeah it's it's very cathartic
to see Trump you know thumb his nose at
the establishment but he's not a rebel
he's he's a he's an outsider to the
party but he's not he's that he's not
fighting for the little guy
he's doing the exact opposite and guess
what's happening in the Democratic Party
look what happened with Bernie Sanders
huge so people are sick and tired of
their representation in the United
States they're sick and tired of the
parties they're sick and tired of the
people who lead their parties this is
what this is a sign of now so it
happened and just happened in a
Republican Party a little faster because
the Democrats had Barack Obama to smooth
over it for a little while and then as
soon as he was gone boom Bernie Sanders
and people wanted to get rid of the
establishment they had to cheat to keep
their power the establishment had to
cheat to keep their power and then of
course they couldn't cheat in the
general they lost to Donald Trump so
yeah people are again people are hurting
in the country and they want change they
thought they were gonna get it with
Barack Obama they did not get it they
still want it still need it let's see
what else this report says Crowley lose
because he was a member of Democratic
leadership did he lose because people
are concerned about the leaders being
too old or being too moderate Ocasio
Cortes feeds all of these questions you
know when they see moderate I don't
think deregulating Wall Street is
moderate I don't I just don't I don't
think voting for ice is moderate
I don't think making the bank's bigger
is moderate I don't think voting for a
715 billion dollar war machine is
moderate I just don't think that stuff
is moderate that's extreme people don't
want that stuff right am I wrong about
this
I don't think opposing single-payer is
moderate that's not about it there's
nothing moderate about that no it's just
I mean I don't even like to use I like
to refer to a lot of the establishment
Democrats as conservatives in denial
because that's exactly what they are I
also like to add to that that there are
corporate tools yes and there's nothing
moderate about somebody who's a
corporatist you know they're a bunch of
neoliberals yes and they're a part of
the establishment that doesn't want to
give us health care they don't want to
they don't want to release people who
are in prison over pots right you don't
want
move this country that's all water it
was back in the 80s their radicals I
would say people I would say we're
filled with right-wing radicals in our
government and in our Democratic Party
it's radical to to deny the majority
will I'm single payer it's radical
denied the majority on a livable wage in
the richest country in world that's
radical and you know I won't just add to
it you know when you have people that
are defecting from the Republican Party
the Democratic Party like you should
know right now that the Democratic Party
is a conservative now party
I mean how liberal really are they what
what what are the Democrats really
liberal on right no I mean in that they
love to tie a bow on on everything like
even bipartisanship bipartisanship today
doesn't mean they're working together to
try to compromise on something that
benefits most people are right people
bipartisanship is code for the
Republicans have a horrible idea the
Democrats are ready to help them sell it
oh yeah I just see it as bipartisan they
want to you like Wall Street
deregulation mm-hmm like going along
with the Pentagon budget all bipartisan
quasi efforts
that's all pipe bipartisan efforts mmm
that's exactly right so it was a little
bit more of this so what they're trying
to figure out why he lost was it because
he was too old it's because people went
it's I don't think it has anything to do
with his age people like I love Bernie
Sanders mm-hmm I don't think it has
anything to do with the age I think it
has to do with the fact that the
Democratic Party is actively working
against the people it expects to vote
for them and they're starting to realize
it I think that's what it is here we go
[Music]
[Applause]
victory belongs to every single
grassroots organizer every working
parent every mom every eldest member the
LGBTQ community and every single person
is responsible for them we don't know
the answer and we haven't yet seen a
string of Democratic incumbents we don't
know the answer why that's what he said
we don't know the answer why he Joe
Crowley lost like we don't have any
guesses well he just had well he had a
couple of guesses was because it's too
old was it cuz this we don't know the
answer okay I think I think we know the
answer I think I just told you what the
answer was but you know Washington Post
last to know in primaries much less a
string of Democratic leaders being cast
aside by their constituents but
Democratic leaders have to be asking
themselves this question in a way they
simply weren't 24 hours ago there you go
that's from the Washington Post and
that's Joe Crowley by the way he at his
loser party decided to start jamming
playing yeah how do you play music when
you've lost it's how you cope with it I
guess that's how you cope with it he
played born to run by Bruce Springsteen
and dedicated it to quartet but I
thought that lassie I thought that was
classy and I thought it was like that's
especially you know chances are that's a
guy who wouldn't have voted for you yeah
so that's like I thought I was like hey
and your honor if I ever run for office
and lose I'm gonna play a Ted Nugent
song and dedicate it to my opponent I
wonder why ha ha so well here's another
here's an art heard some more from slate
they say progressives won big and
Tuesday at last the progressive wing of
the Democratic Party finally showed its
electoral strength on Tuesday night
notching a few no doubt about an
electoral wins and a handful of key
primaries after months of mostly moral
victories mm-hmm
in New York there's the one we talked
about Crowley was considered a
frontrunner to someday replace Nancy
Pelosi as Speaker of the House but he
was also ill suited to a diverse
district that includes a swath of
working-class Queens and the Bronx yeah
I would say he was ill-suited Ocasio
court says she's a 28 year old latina
staked out a far more progressive policy
positions than Crowley argued powerful
Democrats and an argued powerful
Kratts and safe seats like his needed to
be doing more to pull the party to the
left primary voters agreed Ocasio courts
has won by 15 whopping 15 percentage
points making Crowley the first
Democratic incumbent to lose a primary
this year and the highest ranking
lawmaker from either party to fall in a
primary since House GOP leader eric
cantor lost to Dave brat in Virginia
four years ago so he he's the height so
he's the first Democrat incumbent to
lose a primary this year the first
mm-hmm so to me that doesn't sound like
the progressives are taking over the
party to me it sounds like we're eat we
got this win here we got that win there
we got a a mayor over here we got a
governor over here we got a
congressperson here it's it does it
doesn't it it people definitely want
change but it's much harder to to make
this kind of change that she did like
that's a big deal that she did that it
really is and and do we have a long way
to go abso-freakin'-lutely
abso-freakin'-lutely but yeah this is a
nice victory and gave us all something
to smile about last night I mean she
came in here and and this is not even
though Crawley that there are way worse
corporate Democrats than him way worse
yes but nonetheless he's also very much
a figure of the establishment they
wanted this guy to go on and replace
Pelosi yeah he hasn't been challenged in
years and years and here comes this 28
year old
DSA member and I need him off and you
know why Crowley was was fourth in luck
was the fourth most powerful Democrat in
the house and they said he was in line
to take over for Pelosi do you know why
they said he was in line to take over
Pelosi because you know how you get to
take over for Pelosi the other
congressional Democrats vote to see who
they want to be their leader and why do
they vote for Nancy Pelosi because Nancy
Pelosi gets the most corporate cash and
then she gives it to them and then they
vote for her because she's giving them
money so the donors give Nancy money
Nancy give the other Congress people
money they vote for Nancy you see how it
keeps and it keeps going
she goes back I did my job they go Babu
that's another fun fact to throw in
there - he outspent her about seventeen
to one and she beat him I didn't know
that I didn't know about how much he
outspent her but Jo Crowley's next in a
lot aware was number four in line it
goes Pelosi Steny Hoyer who's the third
person and then him find out who the
third person but anyway that you know
why he was next in line or people were
saying he was next in line to replace
Nancy Pelosi because he gets the most
money from corporations and Wall Street
and then he gives it out he never had to
run in a primary before so he had all
this cash laying around that he would
get and he would give it out to
everybody and that's why he's a leader
that's why he's good Joe Crowley who
it's obvious that guy isn't an actual
leader he's not someone who you would
follow into battle or he has bright
ideas I'm not a fix tough the reason why
Joe Crowley is called a leader is
because he gets the most money from the
donors and then he gives it out to the
other Congress people so they can go buy
commercials and they can still keep
their power so then they vote for him
because he's their money train see how
that works same thing with Nancy Pelosi
so everybody's getting money from Nancy
Pelosi Steny Hoyer and this Crowley to
go running their own district so then
they vote for them for leader that's how
it works
it's got nothing to do with actually
being a leader it's got nothing to do
with actually being the best person for
the job
or the person with the best ideas what
does it have to do with it has to do
with who gets the most money so going on
there was more races there was more
races
Dana Balter a public policy professor at
Syracuse University defeated Juanita
Perez Williams a Navy veteran with the
backing of the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee the d-triple-c
in central New York so there you go the
that's a progressive beating a centrist
Democrat someone from the Navy I mean
I'm all for veterans I love the veterans
and what have you
but and Doug Applegate seem to be pretty
progressive but I think there's a third
you run a risk of having too many and it
seems like every person that did the
Triple C was choosing was either a
prosecutor or a form of military person
or you mean let's get some real fire out
there anyway so Dan Beltre look at that
a probably policy professor beat the
Navy veteran so that had the backing of
the d-triple-c that makes me feel good
Williams becomes only the second
d-triple-c back non-incumbent
to lose this year so listen to that Ron
this goes back to my other point
Williams becomes only the second
d-triple-c back non-incumbent to lose so
d-triple-c backed non incumbents have
won except for twice and the first
incumbent to ever loses this guy Crowley
so I don't mean to poopoo this fun
progressive win night but no it's
important to keep it in perspective yeah
we haven't had a lot to smile about
really so it's nice to have something
I'm just saying that I'm making a big
push for a third party I'm with you I'm
with you what I'm trying to point out is
that this is nice I bought I'm for
progressives no matter where they are if
they're in the Republican Party if
they're in the Democratic Party if
they're in the the Green Party or the
DSA or the SA or wherever peace and
freedom party I vote I voted for a lot
of peace and freedom parties this year
so I'm for progressives well no matter
where they are I think the Democratic
Party this this actually helps the party
because it gets people interested the
progressives interested in the party
again that I don't think right now I
mean I get California's again I I know I
said this a million times sending Nancy
Pelosi won by a huge margin mmm-hmm
Kamala Harris Nancy Pelosi they just
killed net neutrality here in California
the Democrats of Dianne Feinstein so it
looks like it's gonna be she has a great
chance to go back so again it yeah it's
not like tonight means that well damn
during his Ealing way to go now and we
figured it out like it's not like that's
the lesson to take away from last night
and yeah you can't help but wonder cuz
I'm I to think we needed an entire brand
new party because to really overhaul and
gut the Democratic Party you need to get
rid of super-delegates yeah get rid of
money in politics there's all these
hurdles to overcome yeah and you think
gee that's pretty hard starting a new
party is also very hard but man that
might be energy better spent than trying
to fix this structure I think that that
has no interest in being fixed the only
only the only SEC only the second
d-triple-c back not uncommon to lose
this year Crowley's the first d-triple-c
backed incumbent to lose this year she's
the first not and second not incumbent
so go ahead I'm sorry well my question
is is the d-triple-c going to now
support these candidates well they're
supposed to but what's the likelihood
that they're going to well the
likelihood that Acacio cortez needs
their help is very little now because
the big hurdle was the primary and she's
gonna win in the in the general that's
like a gig in me right there's no real
opposition so but you're right Ike your
point taken now these progressives win
in the primary is the deep after they
beat a d-triple-c back candidate how
much are they going to work for them
right that's a big question I don't know
we'll see so let's go under so so
Williams becomes only the second
d-triple-c candidate in fact not
incumbent to lose this year following
former blue dog congressman Brad
Ashford's upset lost a progressive kara
Eastman in Nebraska last month we all
know about that one progressives were
also celebrating in Maryland were former
dan double-a-c-p
President Ben Jealous won the Democratic
nomination on Tuesday I really like that
guy Benjamin yeah there's another reason
to smile I really like that guy yeah I
jealous is the real deal mm-hmm and he
doesn't seem like a compromiser or a guy
who can be compromised he doesn't seem
that way you know everyone's human being
whatever but he seems like the real deal
I like that guy
he ran an aggressively progressive
campaign including calls from Medicare
for all in a $15 minimum wage and he had
the backing of the likes of senator
Sanders and Kamala Harris
why would Kamala Harris back him because
she wants to be in good company right
now the only reason she's lending her
name and so oh look I'm with Sanders
look I'm with Ben Jealous forget it this
is her head fake to the left
yes that's what this is this is her head
fake to the left column I'm so sorry I
just want to say one more thing in the
meantime she's going around and
supporting other candidates right what
is she doing right here for Californians
you tell me what what is her big
legislative push right now whatever what
are her big ideas now help relief the
the PO homeless population or get
housing costs down or provide nothing
whatever ideas you tell me I don't know
so Colorado this we're down we'll move
to Colorado Colorado's Democratic
primary for governor flew a little
further under the radar but
representative jared Polis emerges the
crowded field on Tuesday thanks to his
own fortune and a progressive policy
platform that included calls for all-day
preschool and a single-payer health care
system for the state so there's a rich
guy who's progressive like FDR right it
says too due to his own fort thanks to
his own fortune I wonder how did he make
his money jared Polis selling anyway the
Democratic establishment still got most
of the candidates that wanted on Tuesday
again I don't want to be a warrant romp
wah-wah but the establishment still won
the establishment the Democratic
establishment still got most of the
candidates that wanted on Tuesday a pair
of d-triple-c back military vets one
contested primaries over more
progressive candidates on Staten
Island's max Rose coasted to a victory
in a six-way race and in central
Colorado Jason crow defeated Levi
Tillerman now you remember who they are
Levi Tillerman was the guy who recorded
Steny Hoyer who's the number two
Democrat in the house telling him that
he shouldn't run and a decision has been
made we made a video about it we all did
our best Godfather impressions need to
revisit it
yes so go watch that video and that but
that was the that's who that was
so the progress they did it wanted it
worked for them so the d-triple-c put
their finger on the scale for the
corporatist and the corporate is one
over the progressive even though the
progressive caught him on tape admitting
