everybody welcome to jimmy dore show im
here with step samurai know around
Picone
howdy howdy so vote blue no matter who
is what the Democrats are saying because
the Democrats still don't have a they
don't they don't have a platform that
counters Donald Trump in fact they're
going along with Donald Trump the
Democrats they went along with exploding
his Pentagon budget they they want to
they're going along with his court as
judge picks they just fast-track 15 of
his judges after the Republicans
completely blocked Barack Obama's judges
it's unbelievable they help the
Democrats went along helping them again
we deregulate Wall Street again so in
fact and the Democrats even offered to
build the wall did you know that they've
they offered to build a wall for Trump
in their negotiations and so it gets
even worse so now they're saying well
we're gonna have a blue wave blue wave
okay okay it only matters if there's a
blue wave if the people in the blue wave
are progressives and not corporatists if
they're corporatists it will be shitty
again and we will get another Trump well
here's here's Nancy Pelosi Nancy
Pelosi's going back to Congress as the
Democratic leader this is from Dave day
in friends of the show writer at the
intercept he says in case you missed it
last night
up at the intercept on Pelosi's adamant
stand to revive pay go and the
ability to pursue an activist agenda
even with a Democrat in the White House
so Nancy Pelosi is endorsing this thing
we've do we've talked about this before
on the show it's called Pago and what is
Pago Pago means like if i wanna hey i
want to have free college for everybody
i'm gonna we're gonna we're gonna put 60
billion in the budget you know how this
year they put 80 billion in the budget
for the pentagon extra and then they
never they never didn't go well how
you're gonna pay for that we have to
raise a tax somewhere to pay for they
didn't do that they never do that with
the pentagon they just give them the
money they print it and that's it's done
so if if the progressives want to come
in and let's do free college nancy
pelosi's pay-go
they would have to raise taxes
the exact amount of money it would cost
for the free college
that's what Pago is that's or they would
have to cut something else out of the
budget so it'd have to be
revenue-neutral
so if you're progressive and you have
like a fewer FDR and you wanted to have
all this spending deficit spending you
couldn't do that under Nancy Pelosi's
rules because you can't raise the
deficit unless you've raised a tax she
can't ever raise the deficit that's what
you have to raise a tax to pay for
whatever program you have or we have to
cut something and so what Dave Dane is
pointing out was that what that does is
it cripples the ability of the Democrats
to pursue an activist agenda even if a
white Democrats in the White House
here's the article Nancy Pelosi promises
that Democrats will handcuff the
Democratic agenda if they retake the
house so even if the Democrats take over
you're screwed because Nancy Pelosi has
already decided she's gonna do this
thing called Pago and why would she
decide to do that because her donors
wanted to do that that's why because
she's part of the one she's part of the
0.1% she's part of the 1% of the 1%
Nancy Pelosi
that's why Nancy Pelosi is your enemy
Chuck Schumer is your enemy the
Democratic Party is not your friend
and this again this idea that Bernie
thinks he's taking over the party is a
 pipe dream you know many
corporate Democrats have been
successfully primary one Joe Crowley a
Jana Presley just prime married a
progressive Democrat I'll give you that
I'll give you that too
I'll give you a Jana Presley to two out
of 436 here he goes in the first outline
of the legislative agenda House
Democrats would pursue if they take the
majority in November Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi has made the public a big
promise vowing to handcuff her party's
progressive ambitions including in the
event that a Democratic president
succeeds Donald Trump by resurrecting
the pay-go rule that mandates all new
spending is offset with
budget cuts or tax increases along the
way she is playing into the hands of the
Republican strategists Nancy Pelosi
often plays right into the hands of the
Republican strategist and she doesn't
care because she doesn't care if the
Democrats are wiped out that's not what
this is about so she is playing into the
hands of Republican strategists eager to
warn voters that Democrats top priority
is raising taxes forcing budget offsets
for every piece of legislation would
make it more difficult for Democrats to
pass a host of liberal agenda items from
Medicare for all to tuition free public
college so now if you want to pass
Medicare for all it's gonna cost 32
trillion dollars a year it's gonna save
us as a nation trillions of dollars but
as a government expenditure it's gonna
be an extra thirty two trillion dollars
so you wouldn't be able to do that under
Nancy Pelosi's plan do you see it are
you getting it now or free college
tuition you'd have to raise taxes 60
billion dollars and then the Republicans
go Democrats are raising taxes whereas
the Republicans don't care about
exploding the deficit they do it every
time they get control well it continues
a trend of Democrats caring far more
about deficits than the Republicans
constraining the activists impulses of
liberal paalam policymakers while giving
conservatives free rein to blow giant
holes in the tax code so the Republicans
get elected they go we're gonna have a
trillion dollar tax cut we're gonna blow
a trillion-dollar hole into the budget
just like that to give tax cuts to rich
people we ain't gonna offset it if you
bill gonna blow up the deficit well
that'll be bad for you electoral II know
it won't and it never is but the
Democrats they all want to roll with
their with their hair on fire we got to
cut the deficit people will think we're
fiscally not not responsible the whole
idea that if
you're thinking why people like seven
fiscally conservative I'm socially
liberal meaning meaning they're
Republican who like gay people but they
might be cool with abortion too they
might but fiscally conservative and
Republican have nothing to do with each
other that's just it's just a meme or
it's just some kind of wives tale in
America that Republicans are you know
conservative so they they're about
tightening the budget and keeping thing
and not spending money third third Bob
spending money everywhere blowing holes
in the deficit except on normal
Americans exactly right they're four
trillion dollar bank bailouts therefore
billion billion dollar oil subsidies
they're four trillion dollar wars
they're four trillion dollar Pentagon
budgets they're four trillion dollar tax
cuts but it's the Democrats who are
supposed to be the free spenders when
Republicans took over the house they
changed the pay-go rule because Nancy
Pelosi instituted the pay-go rule in
2007 they changed the pay go to cut go
the Republicans did applying offsets
only to spending instead of tax cuts
mandating that spending must be offset
with budget cuts instead of tax
increases that still left the statutory
law which retained those ax aspects but
Republicans waived it for the Trump tax
cuts the move was formalized was was a
formalization of the trend deficits
deficit fears stopped democrats from
moving forward on social programs while
republicans plow ahead with tax cuts
when they get to power so I'm just gonna
say that read that to you again the move
was a formalization of the trend deficit
fears stop democrats from moving forward
on social programs while republicans
plow ahead with tax cuts when they get
to power so democrats will never do the
social programs that are needed because
of desi Pelosi's idea about pay go
because you'll have to raise taxes to do
it and they don't want to be seen as
people raising taxes and republicans
don't be don't and yeah and they don't
want to do a social program because it
will add to the deficit and they don't
want to be seen as adding to the deficit
or raising taxes
well the Republicans don't care they
don't want to be seen as raising taxes
either but they don't care about being
seen as blowing up the deficit they
always blow up the deficit always every
time but Republicans in charge they blow
up the deficit starting from Ronald
Reagan they blow up the deficit Ronald
Reagan had record deficits remember Dick
Cheney said deficits Reagan proved
deficits don't matter meaning people
don't care they don't Pelosi's plan
legislative package for the beginning of
a potential house takeover would include
establishing ethics and lobbying reforms
lowering the cost of health insurance
premiums and prescription drugs and
spending one trillion for infrastructure
investment the latter two meaning
lowering the cost of premiums and
prescription drugs and health and at the
trillion-dollar infrastructure spending
those two things cost money and under
Pago it would all have to be offset
meaning you'd have to raise taxes to pay
for that stuff or cut something that's
not necessarily a problem liberals have
plenty of ideas for how to raise revenue
but it puts them in a box having to
propose tax increases that the
Republicans gleefully broadcast
meanwhile Republicans unconcerned with
deficits get to play Santa Claus without
having to match tax cuts with anything
unappealing so when they cut their taxes
they didn't have to cut a program that
people liked so they get to give
everybody everything
they're the Santa Claus the Republicans
here's a tax cut and here's your social
programs and here's your Wars and here's
your bank bailouts and here's your oil
subsidies and there goes our deficit
exploding and guess what they're
publicans say don't give him up and they
wipe the Democrats out at the ballot box
so they at the in this article he talks
with stephanie kelton who were trying to
get on the show to talk about modern
monetary theory
and she says this she says she says Pago
is a self-imposed economically
illiterate approach to budgeting let me
say that again Pago is a self-imposed
economically illiterate approach to
governing to budgeting Republicans she
said no this which is why they have
unabashedly used their power to expand
deficits and hence deliver windfall
gains for big corporations and the
already well-to-do she continued instead
of and this is it right here
in a nutshell of what's wrong with the
Democrats instead of vowing budget
chastity instead of the Democrats vowing
to tighten their belts and never add to
the deficit instead of vowing budget
chastity Democrats should be
articulating an agenda that excites
voters so that they can unleash the full
power of the public purse on their
behalf they should be articulating an
agenda that excites voters and that's
exactly what the Democrats aren't doing
and you know why because that agenda
would go against the Democrats donor
class so that's why they are not
articulating an agenda that excites
voters because that agenda that excites
voters would depress their donors and we
all know who runs the Democratic Party
it's the one-percent donors let me throw
it to my panel I think this proves once
and for all that that winning is maybe
third or fourth on the Democrats
priority yes I mean this who we're gonna
institute Pago finally that was on my
list of concerns nobody nobody will ever
say that in the history of ever nobody
and as dr. Chilton said this is
completely self-imposed
and it just kneecaps the voters and it
kneecaps any progressive agenda cuz it's
like well we can't instill this because
it would raise taxes and the Republicans
will run with it and beat us in
elections right so we can't do anything
but either have us doing nothing or you
have a Republican and it's better us
than the Republicans it just it just
kneecaps the end
process where was the big Pago idea when
they decided to explode the military
budget oh yeah what I want to ask the SC
Posie where's your Pago idea on that
like that that's the significant amount
of how much spending we're doing where
it's taking away from Americans its
grits and we could have heads off the
chart and we could have free collars
like that they just proved it when they
added eighty billion to the Pentagon
budget with no debate no public hearings
no testimony in Congress no town halls
no Anderson Cooper go in Ohio rolling up
his sleeves and talking to regular
people hey should we they just did it
imagine all the conversation and hand
wringing that would go into if we put 60
billion dollars to free college oh my
god it would be non-stop on the they did
this nobody even talked about it Rachel
Maddow Chris Hayes didn't even talk
about it why because they are owned by
the 1% themselves they are the 1% Rachel
Maddow is the 1% of the 1% by the way in
case you didn't know and so is Nancy
Pelosi so is Nancy Pelosi so that's who
these people are the 1% of the 1% and
that's why any blue just won't do and
that's why this is not the resistance
this is the opposite of resistance this
is assisting the Republicans this is
suppressing Democratic votes
this is suppressing people who would
come out and vote for you if you
actually articulated an agenda that
excited them and what is the agenda that
excites them Bernie Sanders agenda free
college single-payer health care
Medicare for all break up the banks and
the wars living wage it's not that
complicated
that's an agenda that excites people
you're actually talking about something
that people want and you're gonna give
to them instead of Trump's bad vote for
me Trump is bad what are you to do for
me Trump is bad well we have Pago so we
can't do anything for you but we will we
will offer to build the wall for Trump
which is what the Democrats actually did
so again another very depressing day for
Democrats and this is this is this is
the thing that doesn't make headlines
no one's gonna talk about this today
what their what they're gonna talk about
is something trumped it again it was
Russia and money and something and
somebody else's did we got him now we
got him this time you can't believe the
stupid thing Trump did this time well
you can't believe this stupid thing the
Democrats are doing constantly the Trump
is so stupid he beat the Democrats think
about that that guy's so dumb he's such
an idiot such a man-child and you guys
couldn't beat him
that's how horrible you are you're worse
than Trump you are dumber than Trump and
there's no doubt about it
you're certainly just as corrupt because
this is corruption this isn't a good
idea
Nancy Pelosi knows what the what the
effect of this is this is a horrible
idea
this is corruption in action this is her
bowing to her donors again over you the
voter so vote blue go ahead vote blue
and then the Democrats will take over
the Congress and then they will do
absolutely nothing nothing like
they always do not even a public option
I bet if the Democrats take over the
house that they propose a tax cut I'll
bet you any money that they
propose a tax cut I'll bet you any money
okay so there you go Democrats worse
than you could have ever imagined Nancy
Pelosi the enemy of the people once
again another 1% of the she's at 1% her
baby she's your enemy and she's proving
it time and time again time for a third
party Bernie thanks for watching please
make sure you're subscribed even if you
think you are you're probably not it
only takes a second to check and then
you have to ring that Bell so they send
you a notification when we drop a new
video otherwise they won't tell you when
we drop new videos and if you like our
show please help support it become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we give a live
stream
we do a livestream every Saturday at
2:00 p.m. Pacific time when you could
ask us questions and we answer them back
thanks for your support
[Music]
