hey everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and ron flick oh hey hey look holiday
season Oh
get yourself a nice mug or a t-shirt for
the holiday season step doesn't have her
t-shirt on today I don't know why she
doesn't want you to have a nice t-shirt
right so that the Republicans again this
was predicted by a lot of people I was
one of them said that the publicans now
they have to the worst thing that could
happen is that they actually get elected
because then they have to govern so now
they own all of government the White
House the Senate in the Congress I mean
in the house and they have to govern
meaning that people want their lives to
get better now you didn't you but you
guys have been saying Obamacare is
what's screwing up my life now you get a
chance to repeal it and they couldn't do
it now you say you have a better health
care plan than Obama care which is
actually their plan anyway and then you
couldn't get it passed so there's no
major legislative accomplishments so far
in the Trump administration that doesn't
mean that they're not appointing judges
and what happen all the regular normal
Republican stuff every time he has a
travel ban it gets overturned so now
they're trying to do taxes and they're
having a hard time getting people on
board with the taxes because well it's a
horrible tax plan that favors only very
rich people
wooof that's a shocker so out of
character
it's really weird who saw that one
coming hide it Brian
like the Senate Republican tax plan
gives substantial tax cuts and benefits
to Americans earning more than a hundred
thousand dollars a year while the
nation's poorest would be worse off
according to a report released Sunday by
the nonpartisan Congressional Budget
Office the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office the CBO eventually CBO
scores are just gonna be like mister
yuck stickers as this administration
continues they're just gonna be like
frowny faces for like every idea
Republicans are aiming to have the full
Senate vote on the tax plan as early as
this week but the new CBO analysis
showing large harmful effects on the
poor may complicate those plans
the CBO also see Bo also said the bill
would add one point four trillion
dollars to the deficit
there's those why spending conservatives
again so this is really responsible
group how is that gonna help so this is
so to me this is the Republican version
of what Barack Obama just got done doing
them stealing from you right in your
face so Barack Obama bails out an equity
firm on his way out the door that's been
artificially keeping rents high and
first-time homebuyers out of the market
and as soon as he comes back in the
public life he stakes half a million
dollars at a clip doing speeches for
these same people he just gave
government help to at the at at at what
gave them government help at whose
expense your expense and does it right
out in the open and they get Trevor Noah
to apologize for it and say it's okay
and here's the doubt here is that here
is the Republicans version we're gonna
screw you over with our tax bill right
in your face they're doing it and
because everybody's getting well here
and they're doing they're raising the
deficit which they've always screamed
about deficits they're doing everything
they've claimed to hate they're doing
the Senate Republican tax bill
eliminates the requirement that almost
all Americans purchase health insurance
or else pay a penalty the CBO has
calculated that health insurance
premiums would then rise because of that
so if you get rid of the provision that
says you have to buy health insurance or
you're get fined if you get rid of that
that means a lot of people won't buy it
which means the health insurance
companies have to pay out more money
because when people the people who
aren't going to buy it are the healthy
people so now they have to pay out
more taking in less so they have to
raise your rates so now everybody's
rates are gonna go up because of this
tax bill and a lot of poor people and
middle-income people are gonna decide to
not buy health insurance so that's why
they mean four million Americans will
lose health insurance by 2019 and
thirteen million will lose insurance by
2027 and they also then lose subsidies
so when poor people choose to not buy
that more expensive health insurance
because it's gonna be more expensive
because of this and when poor people
choose to not buy because they can't
afford it they also lose tax subsidies
because they're not buying the health
care health insurance so this is their
the the Republicans are so shitty at
legislating and governing that a they
were humiliated on the repeal of
Obamacare humiliated on the passage of
their own health care bill and now
they're gonna be him here here's Joe
Walsh you know who Joe Walsh is the
former Republican congressman and one of
the biggest boneheads in the world he
doesn't want people really didn't he was
the guy who said I don't want to hear
people criticizing the banks
it's that the banks fall it's the
homeowners fault that was his big moment
and that's why he was a one-term
congressman so what the Republicans are
doing he says he tweeted this out today
says what the Republicans are doing
isn't tax reform they're they aren't
reforming or simplifying a damn thing
they're keeping in all the loopholes
only the wealthy can take advantage of
so disappointing Wow Joe Joe lost what a
what an Inspector Clouseau this guy is
hey the Republicans are only helping the
wealthy oh my god I said so listen as
shocked as I was when my dog barked did
you know dogs bark shocking also
Republicans are in the tank for the
wealthy I'm pushed me over with a
feather i'm joe walsh lifetime
republican he's really shocked by this
rod yeah apparently this is all news to
him he never he never saw this one
coming they usually help the working
class so much and here they are out of
character I look forward to Joe Walsh's
next tweet turns out I didn't get that
twenty million dollar
Nigerian prince I'm so disappointed so
disappointed I really thought he was out
to help me that's Joe walls for you so I
don't know if he's actually this dumb
and naive that he thought there's no way
even Joe Walsh is this dumb so I think I
think this is just a guy trying to
pretend shocked
oh there's gambling going on I'm shocked
all the Republicans are so it's so
blatant that he can't deny what this
bill is that's what I'm saying is that
Joe even Joe Walsh can't push the lie
that this helps out middle-income or
poor people as opposed to what because
now the CBO even says it so he can't so
even he has to so instead of admitting
you're right this is what we always do
and we're doing it in such a blatant way
I can't lie about it so right so what
he's doing is he's actually did find a
way to lie about it he I didn't know
they were gonna do this when he didn't
know is that they were gonna do it in
such a blatant way that he couldn't
defend it that's what this is that's
what I think I mean how how have the
people not completely flooded the
streets and start terrorizing Congress
you know like I did and you want to know
why Jimmy they can't do that
it's because they're working yes they're
they're working poor gonna have to work
two and three jobs right it's awful
yeah I know it's like what working
family has time to call their Congress
person who has time in this economy you
know you're working two jobs three jobs
you're trying to afford your housing
your rent you're trying to afford just
living expenses you're even trying to
afford access to higher education oh my
god they want to get rid of health care
what is going to be left for just just
anybody in the United States well if
they wouldn't insist on having their
smart phones yeah expensive tennis shoes
yeah yeah that's likely but Obama said
that yeah he did some people gotta
prioritize yeah you don't want to have a
smart phone boy I'm really shocked at
the party that developed the American
Health Care Act which which threw 30
million people off of health care
couldn't come
up with a tax plan that was more fair to
the poor I can't believe really honestly
I saw that one go the Republicans have a
tax plan that benefits the wealthy did
you know that bees also make honey
another shocker so joe walsh i think
this is part of his he's bullshitting
you because it's a tax plane that even
he can so we'll see no no this is gonna
pass so this goes one or two ways it
doesn't look good that it will pass it
may still pass but if it does this is a
gift again to the democrats well brother
this is a gift now to the dip just like
if the john mccain saved the republicans
when he wouldn't repeal obamacare and
passed that that he saved them
because now people get to keep their
health care so if they do take away
people's health care they're gonna go to
vote vote the people and power out
that's what happens so one or two things
happens it passes the democrats now
stick this to the republicans and they
take back over the house and the senate
now they stick this to them they stick
trump to them they stick roy more to
them you have this is how politics are
supposed to work you're supposed to have
to pay a price for this barack obama did
not make the republicans pay a price for
anything they did not pay a price for
blocking his supreme court nominee they
did not pay at all he did not make them
pay a price for that now you're supposed
to make them pay so this again but the
prayer is the problem and this is why i
do the kind of show i do the problem is
these guys are so horrible
yet there's no alternative to them
that's the problem so now we get rid of
them and what are we gonna replace them
with we're gonna replace them with a
bunch of millionaires like dianne
feinstein nancy pelosi and lap dogs to
wall street chuck schumer and people in
bed with the military-industrial complex
like Elizabeth Warren and Al Franken
those people voted for that
seven hundred billion dollar military
budget so there is no again people's
lives were continue to get beat the
reason why the Republicans are empowered
now and Trump is in power now is because
we voted for Barack Obama for eight
straight years and that people's lives
got worse
what people's lives continue to get
worse
go ahead I would also say that they're
not even doing the basic strategy that
you just laid out which is in brain
surgery it's like yeah look at all these
awful things Trump is doing look how
unpopular he is this is Republican at
some pin the Republicans drum up looking
and vice versa
even that basic notion is lost on so
many people especially the establishment
Democrats who want to make it out like
Trump is some crazy outlier just because
he talks meaner right meanwhile it's
like you've challenged people I've
challenged people Steph has challenged
people tell us one policy that any other
Republican wouldn't do right I have yet
to find anyone no one has completed that
task for me I don't know if anyone's
completed it for you but it's like this
is republicanism Donald Trump just
unmasked the subtlety of it so everyone
can see how ugly it really is if
Democrats were smart politically or
cared about winning they could win for
the next 40 years because of Trump but
you can't help but feel that the
Democrats have been complicit in
oppressing all of us that they helped
Wall Street that they helped banks that
they they help corporations that they're
in favorite a favor of corporate welfare
like they haven't been helping us they
haven't been helping the people so it's
like I I'm so conflicted when we say you
know like let the Democrats stick to to
the Republicans let the independence
take this Republicans and let us all
come together and them so this is
Bernie Sanders moment this is yes this
is what he's supposed to say this is why
I'm not a Republican or a Democrat the
Democrats all voted for that military
budget that Pentagon budget that even
the Pentagon didn't ask for and now I'm
gonna vote and so that's why and he's
the one who should be now abusing this
to build a third party and he's not and
people people are still disgusted with
the Democratic Party you know it's only
the corporate Democrats who see the
Democratic Party as the resistance as
the alternative to trump most of the
country still looking for an alternative
to trump and Chris Hedges predicted this
by the way in 2009 that I was just
watching a video of a speech of his from
2009 he predicted that if the left
doesn't do what the left is supposed to
do which is stand up against the
corporate state
that we're going to be a found ourselves
being ruled by a right-wing demagogue
and that's exactly what happened and so
that's the problem is that we can
pillory that's why I don't spend as much
time tillering the Republicans because
everybody else is pillar in the
Republicans and they're an obvious joke
there Congress couldn't be less popular
Trump couldn't be less boy I guess it
made me again but they're the most
unpopular governing party history right
right now and and so we gonna have to
replace them with something just like I
said they're good if Hillary Clinton was
president we would not be looking at a
takeover of the Congress by the
Democrats that would that would not be
happening we'd be having mimosas we
wouldn't even be doing this show right
now we would be day drinking in a utopia
would be so and then in two more years
we can have Bernie Sanders as president
and this is it again I'm not a
prognosticator or whatever I just common
sense and you have to think beyond one
election cycle and so the people still
they're still writing articles Oh
Hillary would have been better than so
you are not again you came that you have
to think past one election cycle and the
people who don't do that are either dumb
or I or dishonest and there's a lot of
people who you know they're not dumb
they're just being dishonest and they
don't and and and they can't stand up
and tell you what's the truth which is
what got us Trump which is doing exactly
what they tell you to do which is keep
voting for the corporate Democrats so
that's why the focus of our show is what
it is because we it's coming we're gonna
replace the Republicans and we better
have something to replace them with or
else we're gonna get a worse Trump
please make sure you subscribe and then
hit that Bell next to it because then
you'll know when we least videos they're
not selling people they're not people
are being unsubscribe from our channel
check make sure you're still subscribe I
get emails every day saying people have
unsubscribed them and please if you
can't come to our live show December 4th
in Burbank California or become a patron
or buy a mug or something for the
Christmas season
it's
always to help support a show like this
that the establishment doesn't want you
to support and they're doing everything
they can to undermine shows like this so
thanks for your support
[Music]
