hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest today a
true progressive who's got a record of
winning against corporate america her
name is Gayle McLaughlin and she's a
candidate for California lieutenant
governor she's a former two-term mayor
of Richmond California you think you
haven't heard of it you have heard of
Richmond and I'm gonna tell you in a
minute she has 12 and a half years
experience serving in Richmond eight of
them as mayor and a 2014 guess who
endorsed her Bernie Sanders endorsed her
in 2014
she's here with us right now Gayle
McLaughlin thanks for being our guest
thank you so much Jimmy it's great to be
on the show
well listen I people think they haven't
heard of Richmond but they have because
there was a big story couple years ago a
couple of stories actually one of them
was there was you fought back against
chevron chevron has a big refinery in
that area and they ran candidates
against the progressives right so why
don't you talk a little bit about that
because that to me was mind blowing they
spent three million dollars in a local
city council race and you still beat
them that's absolutely right we got a
lot of attention for that issue and
other issues as well nationwide but in
regard to Chevron they is this big
refinery that has polluted our community
for decades for a hundred years and you
know we moved forward as progressives
formed Progressive Alliance in Richmond
in 2003 I was a co-founder and started
running corporate Free candidates for
local office and I was the first
corporate free council member and little
by little we had more and I stepped up
ran for mayor and won both my terms real
is elected and re-elected and you know
in 2014 you mentioned Bernie endorsed me
and two of my colleagues my RP a
Richmond Progressive Alliance Alliance
colleagues running for office he
endorsed all three of us we all won and
all the Chevron funded candidates lost
and Shane you're right chevron spent
three and a half million dollars to try
and defeat us that year and many other
years they spent millions trying to
defeat us and
we just kept winning so that in November
2016 we got two more corporate free
council members elected so now we have
five our PA members sitting on the City
Council
corporate three out of seven that's five
out of seven a supermajority we
completely turned around the political
you know dynamics of the council and
political composition of the council
from you know a little over a decade ago
it was all Chevron funded candidates
really you know they were all in
Chevron's pocket and now we have this
corporate free super majority so we've
come a long long way so I think that
that's I think that's a thing that
people who are progressive need to hear
that you are a winner you are you are a
winner for years and years you've been
fighting against the most powerful
corporations fossil fuel corporations
and you've been winning and without big
money right so that's I think what
people need to understand is that you
are a winner with a proven track record
of fighting the powerful without a lot
of money and winning in fact in the 90s
Chevron used to have an office inside
the city hall right they used to have
their own desk right there which is
crazy and you got rid of that right they
got rid of that yeah Chevron used to
have a desk outside the city manager's
office a Chevron representative that
kind of guided the staff it was really
insane so that's not there anymore no of
course not so we have you know we're
just really proud that we have shed a
little light on the national scene that
it can be done you know if you work hard
if you organize if you really put the
people's agenda you know out there
people recognize who you know who's who
and what you're standing for and if you
build an organization you have to build
a corporate free organization that's
inclusive diverse that's progressive
that's corporate free and that operates
year in and year out not only just in
electoral years because this
organization builds a movement and it
those corporate free candidates so
between the movement and the corporate
free elected officials you have this
joint governance where you really can
move things forward in a city and we've
just made remarkable transformation
policy wise and so many so many
accomplishments
so sure so let me just just let's just
get one of the major accomplishments
right so correct me if I'm wrong on this
story but you had to sue Chevron to
receive some compensation for their
polluting and for in fact they had their
big fire that was up there because of
their faulty pipes correct
absolutely yes in 2012 there was a major
fire in Richmond that they were they
were prosecuted and convicted of
criminal willful neglect because of
their pipes were they did not replace
them and they were worn thin thinner
than the width of a dying a huge fire
were 15,000 local community members
ended up going to local hospitals to be
treated for respiratory ailments and
that was that was national news that was
every that's I heard about that a lot of
people if they saw the footage I'm sure
would remember because that was an
amazing catastrophe that happened it
certainly was and you know it wasn't the
first one it was a major one but there
were other ones that seemed like every
five years there so some sort of problem
major
you know in a major incident would
happen so you know I along with other
council members pushed and the community
pushed that we were going to sue Chevron
the first time in the city's history we
sued Chevron for damages for that fire
and for previous damages as well so
right now the city is in court with
Chevron and we expect to come out with
some real strong compensation and also
some assurance that this kind of
situation will never happen again and
and once the Chevron kind of realized
that they weren't going to be able to
get control of this city government
didn't they come and make an offer to
the city in terms of the did they of
compensation for things they
did they offer a hundred million dollars
or something like well that actually was
a tax settlement okay we the city we the
community put forward a tax on large
manufactures which would have
predominantly affected Chevron and that
and the voters voted it in you know they
said yes this big corporation should pay
more to the community and Chevron took
us to court and they won and Chevron won
but we were you know there was a
technicality and the ballot measure that
they won on so we were changing the
ballot measure we were going to go
forward with another ballot measure so
Chevron came to the negotiating table
they knew we had the community with us
so we ended up negotiating over a
hundred million dollars in additional
City taxes for our community so that's
what can happen when you have the
community on your side when you have
corporate free elected officials that
are standing shoulder to shoulder with
the community it can happen it happened
in a city that used to be controlled by
this corporate master but now democracy
is ruling in Richmond and we think it
really sheds some light on what can
happen nationally and so just so people
understand that you're not against
people having profitable companies but
you're you're for them paying their fair
share especially to the communities that
they might be harming and pursuing their
profits for instance Chevron makes I
think around twenty six billion dollars
a year which is about five hundred which
is about five hundred million dollars a
week which is about a hundred billion
dollars of business days so you just got
one day of their profits back to the
city that houses they're more than I get
isn't it their most biz their busiest
refinery yes it is it's their most
productive refinery it's also the
largest greenhouse gas emitter in the
state of California so there's a lot of
problems with this refinery in terms of
pollution to our community but also the
problems that it creates for the planet
at large and absolutely the the tax
settlement that we got is only you know
just a just a tiny little drop in the
bucket for them so
we really think we should even deserve a
whole lot more from this
multi-billionaire corporation that that
operates every single day and you know
just really gets their billion-dollar
profits each year at the expense of our
community so now you decided to run for
lieutenant governor now tell us what how
you made that decision
sure yes so after after the November
2016 election when we got to more
corporate free elected officials on the
City Council which gave us that
supermajority and because we had so many
accomplishments prior to that people
started asking us how did you do it in
Richmond you know how did you how did
you get five out of seven council
members elected how did you get a $15
minimum wage implemented how did you get
the first new rent control law in
California in 30 years passed how did
you get Chevron to pay over a hundred
million dollars in additional taxes how
did you get that how did you force them
to limit their pollution and and we did
so many healthy green job initiatives
and green policies were part of a
community choice energy program where
our residents and businesses now get
their electricity from cleaner greener
and cheaper sources of energy so they
wanted to know how did we do all this so
I started giving presentations along
with other members of the RP a the
Richmond Progressive Alliance giving
presentations and it became clear to
many of us that if we had a statewide
campaign that we were running we could
have a larger stage and we could use the
bully pulpit to spread this message of
building from the local communities
building progressive alliances to gain
local political power and people were
wanting to hear how they could do it and
so you know the message travels further
through a statewide campaign so I
decided to run for lieutenant governor
and my campaign really has two wings one
of the wings is encouraging cities and
regions to build progress
alliances like Richmond did and we say
if it can happen in Richmond under
Chevron's money might it could happen
anywhere and so far about six or seven
cities in California San Diego San
Francisco other cities have formed
progressive alliances the South Bay in
San Francisco area has formed one and
others up in the North Coast and South
Bay LA they all have formed progressive
alliances models after Richmond and so
that's one wing of my campaign to really
encourage this because we need that
local power the other wing of course is
to win the lieutenant governor's seat
because when we win that seat that
victory will allow us to connect as
progressives connect progress groups
progressive alliances our revolution
groups I've gotten 30 local our
revolution groups endorsements in
California and that you know people get
it that I'm promoting these this big
tent of progressives coming together so
that we can we can have that statewide
power to get the statewide issues
accomplished that we need like
single-payer medicare-for-all
free college texting the 1% banning
fracking a statewide public bank and so
many other issues so that's those two
wings you know the statewide issues and
getting elected to make sure we can have
that big tent and the local political
power building with progressive
alliances so it's it's coming along
really really well Jimmy well so can you
so that's an amazing track record of
accomplishment as a progressive you
don't hear that anyway I haven't heard
that kind of record of accomplishment
anywhere for progressives so tip of the
hat you you know you should be featured
on the national news every day of course
they won't because they don't want you
to have a voice right because they're
owned by the people you're fighting
against they're funded by fossil fuel
companies the military-industrial
complex and wall street exactly the
people that you want to fight against
because as I try to tell people as a
politician you can't be in bed with Wall
Street and
for workers their agendas are
diametrically opposed to each other so
you have to pick a side and the
Democrats have picked a side and their
side is Wall Street yeah so you know I
think we need we need more corporate
free political parties we need corporate
free political parties there's no
question about that there are people
within Bernie Sanders our revolution
groups and other progressives that are
working within the Democratic Party to
try and release the Democratic Party
from their corporate masters and I
support that struggle you know I think
people who are working hard to do that I
say go for it and you know if you can do
it if you can make it happen it'll
really be a democratic party that we've
never seen before but I also support
those who are working outside of the
Democratic Party who are parts of other
alternative parties or who believe that
we need a new party a party that puts
the people's agenda first and lays out
what the people's needs are and
addresses them addresses the needs of
the 99% so right now the Democrats and
the Republicans are controlled by
corporations so I understand the fight
inside the Democratic Party I understand
those who are standing outside I myself
am registered no party preference so I
can connect and relate to people whether
they're inside a party or outside a
party but as long as they have those
progressive values which is how we did
it in Richmond you know the Richmond
Progressive Alliance came together
you're just regardless of party
affiliation some of us were green some
were progressive Democrats some had no
party affiliation we came together
saying enough is enough we gotta form an
alliance to become the leaders that
we're waiting for and that's what we did
and our values kept us united we worked
hard and we made the changes that we
have now in the city and they keep those
changes keep happening
so as lieutenant governor well I have
two questions one is can you talk a
little bit more
about the state-run bank because no one
else is talking about that and people
don't realize what an amazing difference
that that would make it's the to me it's
the equivalent of having a public option
for health care you have a public option
for banking and that could really change
things right absolutely
and you know another another issue that
made nationwide news when I was mayor
was the issue of us fighting we were
champion a program called the eminent
domain program it was actually called
Richmond cares but was kind of
informally called the eminent domain
program or we were seeking to acquire
underwater mortgages there were so many
almost half the more than half the
mortgages in Richmond were underwater
who are seeking to acquire them from the
big banks from Wall Street in order to
reduce the principles in line with the
current home value at that time since
there was such a big disparity so that
our homeowners could have affordable
mortgage payments you know it was all
the while the homeowner would stay in
the home we were saying to the big banks
sell us these mortgages will reduce them
since you're not doing it and if you
won't sell them to us we'll acquire them
by eminent domain and we'll reduce them
and do what you should be doing Wall
Street well the program was eventually
stopped by Congress because of a bill
they put in place that said any entity
any public entity city council or
whatever that acquires a mortgage by
eminent domain will not get government
insurance so you see how Wall Street got
to Congress Wall Street was putting
pressure on Richmond and other cities
who were interested in doing this
program so this ties into the public
bank issue because what we see is that
the you we fight hard against Wall
Street and we have to keep that bike
going but they're out for profit the big
banks want profits they you know get
profits from the money we put in from
the money cities in the state put into
private banks the tax money that comes
in from your average taxpayer but with a
public bank what you have is
a bank operating for the public good
without any interest in making a profit
so you could use a public bank to
prioritize affordable housing to put
forward infrastructure projects and
other social needs so we think you know
there's been a public bank at North
Dakota State wide public bank for
decades and it's been operating really
well so we're moving forward with you
know trying to pressure the state
legislature and get groups together
mobilized to make it clear that a public
bank is what we need and it's it's got a
lot of support people are really
inspired by that idea yeah I am too I'm
really excited about I think it can
really change the way people think about
government which is be very helpful so I
just want to reiterate what you said
what you're talking about with eminent
domain so what happened when the big
financial crash that was engineered by
greedy bankers who repealed the
legislation from the New Deal
glass-steagall and then it within ten
years the housing market crashed the
bank's crashed and our economy crashed
so what the banks were doing was kicking
people a family 5.1 million families
they kicked out of their homes and then
the banks acquired those properties and
then tried to resell them and so what
your idea was is hey these houses aren't
worth what the mortgage says they're
worth so what we'll do is write down the
mortgage we'll assume we'll assume the
ownership of this house because we've
the house of the mortgage I'm sorry of
the mortgage and then we will you were
gonna give a fair term to the person in
the house and at a reasonable mortgage
rate and then they could stay in their
house which by the way helps everybody
so you keep people in their houses it
also helps the real estate people
because empty houses on a block drive
down the price of the houses around it
so if you keep people in the houses at a
reasonable price everybody's the house
value stays up it helps stabilize the
real estate market but Wall Street
doesn't want that because they only
think five minutes ahead they don't
think long-term they're only thinking
quarterly profits correct
you are absolutely right Jimmy it's and
would have helped everyone you know our
neighborhoods would have been more
stable because when you have empty homes
you have blight and the tracks it
attracts crime and and you know just and
it reduces the property values so it
would have been a big fix for everyone
but you know well street you're right
only things five minutes ahead of itself
so we we you know we did get Wall Street
because of the pressure that we put on
them they did do a little bit more of
the principal reduction on their own
