hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
i've got a special guest with us we have
Dave Ryan it's hilarious comedian Dave
Ryan it's is there hey Dave how are you
I'm doing well Jimmy glad to be here
also here Rob black-owned the miserable
liberal stuff Zamorano howdy howdy hello
hello how I said it
so get this there's red algae happening
in Florida now red algae is a naturally
occurring thing that happens it's
destructive it kills fish it's not good
it's like poison it's poisonous but
let's watch it's been happening a lot a
lot more lately and let's watch a news
report from from Florida on this a
terrible outbreak of a toxic algae known
as red tide is killing thousands of sea
creatures in Southwest Florida and
harming the tourism business this red
tide usually lasts about six months but
officials say this bloom could last
until next year Manuel Bojorquez reports
until next year
so what do you see this this is awesome
they're dying by the tens of thousands
fish eels Turtles sometimes as far as
the eye can see in parts of Southwest
Florida okay there's one right manatee
right there one of several life boy
that's tough to go on vacation down
there that's gonna hurt that's gonna
hurt you're vacationing it's kind of a
spring break bummer
my uncle had used to have a house in
Sanibel Island which is right out right
there right in the middle of this but he
doesn't anymore anyway here we go
manatees was built from the water the
suspected culprit a toxic algae bloom
known as red tide so have you ever seen
it this bad no I've seen some bad ones
this is the worst I've ever seen
Ozzie Fisher has been a fishing guide
here for more than 20 years and is
already seeing cancellations it's hard
to breathe around him Oh stinks it
really stinks imagine if you paid five
thousand dollars to come here on
vacation and you tell your wife and your
three-year-old to go on the beach and
breathe this in
you can't do that and I mean it's bad
the toxins can be harmful to humans to
causing respiratory illnesses for some
beachgoers the algae and bacteria
usually found in pockets but this year
they've mushroomed over 150 miles warmer
waters and runoff from lakes and streams
can feed the problem the red tide which
typically goes away in spring has
persisted for nine months here on
Sanibel Island cleanup so all through
the summer it's usually gone by the
summer it hasn't gone away it's been
doing this all summer and here we are in
September still going strong
crews have not been able to keep up with
this putrid wave of dead sea life and it
extends for miles in either direction
there's no telling how long this could
last the worst bloom on record back in
2006 lasted 17 months Manuel Bojorquez
CBS News
Sanibel Island Florida so that's what
CBS News is saying about the red tide
what do they leave out what are they
leaving out the cause they're not
telling you what the causes they've kind
of slipped it in a little bit they said
something runoff from lakes and streams
they said that that well here's what
they're leaving out this is from Forbes
it says a study from 2008 found that red
tides formed by K brevis hey brevis is a
type of algae that were up we're up to
18 fold more abundant between 1994 and
2002 than they were between 1954 in 1963
so you get that so they did a study and
between 1994 and 2002 red tides were up
18 fold bore then they were between 1954
and 1963 and that increase was driven by
agricultural runoff that's right from
Forbes and there was a study done
actually this is from they went to the
page of the the US National Library of
Medicine National Institutes of Health
and it says it is hypothesized that
greater nutrient availability in the
ecosystem is the most likely cause of
this increase in ke brevis biomass and
the large and that's what causes the red
tide and the large increase in the human
population
and its activities in South Florida over
the past half century is a major factor
that's a kind of pretty important
information to leave out of that story
that the population is contributing to
this because it's increasing and their
activities and I'm curious what type of
specific activities so this would be
we're gonna have Tim Canova on in this
segment I know he's complained about big
sugar so this is this is agricultural
runoff this is fertilizer and stuff like
that
that's going into the ocean and when a
red tide comes in instead of it
dissipating it gets fed now it's being
fed because of the runoff from farming I
had a friend who lived off the golf
course there was a lake in the golf
course and every time it rained the
fishin of Golf Course would die really
yeah because all the all the nitrogen
rich fertilizers they used on the ground
ground would go into the lake oh no
Katie yeah and it was up at Lake
Sherwood so you know they have a ton of
money so you'd see these guys early in
the morning scooping up all the fish
before the rich people went down to the
lake to walk their dogs there really is
fish yeah it's like clockwork so if you
go to the Miami Herald bouts with killer
algae rose Florida gutted its water
quality monitoring Network this is an
article by jenni snail tobik says over
the last decade as the state fought
federal efforts to protect water over
the last decade as the state fought
federal efforts to protect water shrunk
its own environmental and water
management agencies and cut funding to
an algae taskforce monitoring for water
quality has plummeted so this is
neoliberalism while one crisis after
another hit florida state and federal
funding that paid for a massive coastal
network with nearly three decades of
information dwindled from about 350
stations to 115 according to Florida
International University's Southeast
Environmental Research Center Governor
Rick Scott
really he's the pimples man certainly as
Governor Rick Scott who ordered budget
cuts to water management agencies for
five consecutive years
consistency dismay yes he's consistent
he dismantled the Department of
Community Affairs which regulated growth
and agreed to postpone cleaning up the
lake so he wasn't gonna clean up the
lake either while he issued a press
release saying his administration had
spent millions on red tide research
including 5.5 million awarded to the
mote marine laboratory since 2013 well
last month he issued a state of
emergency ordered more sampling and
lifted restrictions for temporary pumps
and other measures to avoid polluted
discharges from the lake Lake Okeechobee
but playing catch-up now doesn't get to
the root of the problem scientists say
and cuts could impede efforts to protect
Florida last month the public employees
for environmental responsibility which
tracks environmental enforcement said
the state had the second worst year for
enforcement since 1987 so not only are
they defunding the agencies that are
supposed to monitor this the enforcement
of violations has been the worst level
of enforcement in the last 30-some years
another after another so get this so
after another massive red tide in 1996
killed a hundred and fifty one manatees
in the midst of a national scare by a
different toxic algae that left dead
fish pocked with legions lawmakers
passed a law that created a harmful
algae bloom task force the legislation
resulted in the state's Wildlife
Research Institute tracking and an
issuing weekly forecast for Florida's
seasonal red tides that's what they did
back then they've cut that now now now
it went from 300 and something's the
monitoring stages down to 115 he cut the
enforcement budget he cut this and so
Rick Scott was trying to campaign and he
went into a restaurant and the crowd
wasn't having any of it here's how they
Jays are they greeted
[Music]
so though that is not so his staff is
holding up those cards to make it look
like it's a rally but it's not because
the camera is gonna pan and you're gonna
see that people are actually booing him
and they forced him to leave through a
back door he had to leave through a back
door the governor of the state he
doesn't even take his bribes through the
bracket right he takes his bribe right
at the front door so these people are
not his fans fix red tide Ric fix it now
Medicare fraud that's it back because
he's a Medicare fraud guy he was
actually convicted of that red tide
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm sorry the cops and I will protect
you Governor Rick something might hurt
his feelings so the people are on to it
I didn't know anything about this red
algae I didn't know anything about Rick
Scott cutting the budget five years in a
row I didn't know anything about them
not doing anything about this and there
you go so there we have everything we
have government corruption we have bad
journalism bad reporting on what's
actually happening so you don't really
know what's happening in that awesome
you turn into the news they kind of tell
you what's going on it kind of but they
only about the important things and then
we also have Civic citizen activism so
this the story has everything and
environmental you know catastrophe
happening this is an ending could you
imagine if you had a house or a few
lived there and you're like I can't go
to the beach now it's gonna be dead fish
and manatees all tired that poor guy
they were interviewing I mean he's a
fisherman yeah you know well how does he
make his living I don't know I don't
know what their that's the point what is
the economic loss that this area in
Florida
what are they suffering because of the
lack of protections right that Rick
Scott and how is Rick Scott still
elected no efficient so is Florida not
sick of this guy's
I know get him out of there because
whatever they're suffering in Florida is
directly caused by rick Scott who
doesn't want to give you health care and
he certainly doesn't want to protect
your state the news media that's why why
how do people keep voting for Rick Scott
because the news media doesn't do its
job that's why people aren't informed
people are working three jobs as we all
know and they don't have time to get
into the weeds and Rick Scott looks like
a good guy they turn on the news they
don't know oh the red algae just always
happens
they didn't the news didn't tell me but
here now it seems like these people are
onto it and they're on to Rick Scott
yeah like how this is also a situation
of if you don't learn from history
you're doomed to repeat it right well in
1996 I had a giant ball in the
ocean yeah
and we did something when it got better
so I guess we just won't do anything
again until we get another giant
ball then we repeal we repealed all the
anti ball legislation and of course
it's gonna happen actually they're just
running amok the consequences of this is
off the chart because if we think that
this this algae isn't going to have
long-term consequences nor if we pretend
that it's not going to have long-term
health consequences to the people in
Sanibel or in those areas in Florida
right post now what happens to the
ecosystem now that all the fish are dead
I know what happened I don't know time
to go to the beach kids get your gas
masks is a really wealthy area yeah like
making sure that this doesn't happen you
would think you would think this is
affecting wealthy people that's why it's
like I don't know how many of those
people are making their money on on the
agricultural interest you water
benefiting from the low cost petroleum
based fertilizers that they're using to
create all this runoff and now we have
progressive champion and fighter Tim
Canova who's running as an independent
in the 23rd district in Florida against
Debbie wasserman-schultz
and he's know something a little
something about this red tide hi Tim I'm
doing great so can you weigh in on this
what what are you what's your position
on this red tide how'd it start what
should we do about it who's to blame
sure we've got the red tide that is
causing these dead zones in the Gulf of
Mexico and they're getting bigger and
bigger these dead zones so even 1012
miles of dead zones where nothing can
live there all the fish life or the sea
life is dying it's mainly caused by
agricultural runoff phosphates nitrates
herbicides like glyphosate even the the
waste from animals that contain
antibiotics and synthetic growth
hormones at the same time we've got
blue-green algae that's coming out of
Lake Okeechobee flowing through the
Caloosahatchee and the st. Lucie rivers
and that's also intersecting with the
red tide same kind of causes all of this
the big agricultural runoff you know
Debbie wasserman-schultz she boasts
about being on the House Appropriations
Committee and
always says she's bringing home all
kinds of money for Florida which just
isn't true she brings back a few million
dollars of conservation projects here or
there but she's been voting for billions
of dollars of subsidies for these big
agribusinesses and you know why would
you want subsidies for activities that
are causing this kind of contamination
of the water it's destroying not just to
sea life we've got the tourist industry
the marine sports industry these are big
industries in the state of Florida
they're suffering very badly and it's
putting the aquifers at risk now so that
the actual drinking water of much of
Florida so now we know that the the
governor had cut funding on the to the
agencies that were supposed to be
studying this problem and monitoring
this problem we've already talked about
that in this report there's a lot of
rich people on the that are being
affected like I know my uncle used to
have a house in Sanibel Island and those
are all really rich people so you would
think there'd be a bigger stink being
made over this so what what's go what's
that what's the situation on the ground
well it's beginning to have this effect
Jimmy two years ago we had the toxic
algae tides coming out of Okeechobee and
it didn't get much air time it didn't
get much attention because of the power
of the big agribusinesses big sugar in
particular and big sugar over the course
of the last quarter century has spent
between 50 and 70 million dollars buying
influence with both political parties
with candidates both Republicans and
Democrats and Wasserman Schultz is one
of the leaders in taking big sugar money
as well but now it's not just big sugar
it's hitting the tourist industry it's
hitting marine sports and it's hitting
wealthy people who live along the
coastlines and finally it's having an
effect I think in Florida politics in
the governor's race that we just saw in
the primaries you had Ron de Santos
running against Adam putt Putnam who had
been the the agricultural commissioner
and DeSantis called him out for all the
big sugar money he was getting this is
unheard of in Florida for a Republican
to be attacking somebody for taking big
sugar money on the Democratic side
Andrew Gilliam paid some attention and
started talking up about the red side
and the blue-green algae while when
Graham got sort of mired in it because
the Graham family family had some kind
of a project that's in the works
that'll create a shopping mall in the
Everglades basically so you start seeing
that the pollution now the contamination
of the water is getting to the point
where it can't be ignored where people
are paying attention and it's beginning
to have an effect on Florida politics so
what would you do as the Congress person
from the 23rd district what would you do
to help alleviate the situation that
Debbie wasserman-schultz is not sure
well first of all we got to end these
subsidies for big agribusinesses I think
that the annual farm bill is something
like several billion dollars now so that
has to end if we're going to subsidize
anyone it should be small family-owned
farmers organic farming or don't
subsidize anyone you know what always
cracks me up is they attack folks like
me who want Medicare for all you know
and what will they say that that's
socialism Medicare for all is taking
from the money and giving to the many
these agricultural subsidies these big
sugar subsidies taking from the money
giving to the few and there's a few who
are contaminating our waterways so
that's one thing and the subsidies
second thing we need a solution to
what's happening on the southern shore
of Lake Okeechobee Okeechobee is an
enormous lake it's the second largest
lake within a state in the United States
it's become so contaminated with this
toxic algae and the solution for many
years has been to buy out the sugar farm
south of Okeechobee to use the power of
eminent domain buy them out convert them
into marsh land let Okeechobee start
flowing naturally into the Everglades it
would recharge the aquifer and the
natural plant life of the Everglades
would filtrate those toxins or a lot of
those toxins
well wasserman-schultz has been
worthless on this there was in fact a
Republican congressman two years ago by
the name of Clawson who introduced
legislation for the Interior Department
the United States government to buy up
that land south of Okeechobee used the
federal government's power of eminent
domain and get the job
wasserman-schultz did not co-sponsor
that legislation I would introduce that
that kind of legislation that's
fantastic that's good to hear so again
it's some corrupting money it's the
corrupting power of money in politics
absolutely it's the pollution in our
politics is creating a pollution in our
environment now tim Canova what's your
website Kim Canova comm we've got less
than two weeks before vote-by-mail is
out in people's hands we need all the
help we can get now not later so Tim was
cheated last time a judge agreed with
him they destroyed the ballots now the
Republicans and the Democrats are
colluding to screw over Tim Canova
because they have the same donors and
Tim is the fighter for the people and
the enemy of the donors so if you want
to support someone who goes against the
donor class and debbie Wasserman Schultz
it's Tim Canova 23rd district in Florida
Tim Canova calm thanks for being with us
to him Thank You Jimmy appreciate it
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are subscribed there's
a good chance you're not so please check
it only takes a second and then click
that bell and that's how you know you'll
get a notice every time we drop a video
they still won't notify you every time
we drop a video but that's the best we
can do plus if you like the show you
want to support it please become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and come see a live
show go to jimmy dore comedy comm for
our live schedule
you
