hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show special guest in studio today she's
the host of empire fires on the tells
her english network you could see it on
youtube she's right here it's abby
martin ladies and gentlemen hi Abby hey
great to be here do you think that MSNBC
so there I used to think they were the
mirror image of Fox I mean I used to
think that that was not true people
would say that but I think it is kind of
true now what do you think yes and I
just saw them calling bill Binney a
conspiracy theorist this guy in the red
program that was taken as the blanket
dragnet surveillance program in the Bush
administration James Rosen has hailed
him Edward Snowden has hailed him as the
person who came before him so it is
enormous ly offensive to see a 30 year
veteran of the NSA be dismissed and cast
aside as a conspiracy theorist for
simply bucking the Russia narrative like
this guy knows what he's talking about
he built like what you guys are using to
spy on everyone so it sickens me and
this is on top of just everyday all day
the joy reads in the Rachel Maddow's and
it's just Russia Russia Russia I just
can't I don't know how much you can
possibly manufacture about Russia like
just piling on and on and on and the
Russia stuff is so insane too because
when you look at like today for example
RT was forced to register as a foreign
agent they are doing everything in their
power to make it just impossible to
operate as a network right but just to
see MSNBC just just pile on it isn't
surprising but it just never ceases to
amaze me I mean I watch it I watch CNN
and MSNBC and Fox daily just to see how
insane they are but I'd agree it is the
antithesis of Fox News I mean not the
antithesis it's like literally just the
other arm yeah because there's no there
the propaganda wing of the Democratic
Party or doubt about it I didn't usually
think that but it definitely it
definitely is true do you think and I
watch Fox News and every time they
attack Trump on Russia it helps him if
you attacked Trump on the real issues
meaning the health care people's wages
ending the wars all that stuff it hurts
him well there you go they don't condemn
it we already know the Democratic Party
care about that like I just got a robo
call today from sona's like this this
person is endorsed by the Democrats is
like do they support single-payer health
care and do they support ending
militarism because if they don't I don't
give a that the Democrats endorses
person do you think that Rachel Maddow
is actually gone from being just doing
bad journalism to actually being
dangerously spreading propaganda I think
that Rachel Maddow and other people like
her know that it's almost like they
they're careerists and their careers
hacks but they know that they need to
keep doubling down on excusing why
Democrats are losing support and and
lost essentially I mean it's all part of
the same machine right they're all cogs
in this big Democratic establishment so
I think people like Hillary it's still
part of that same psychosis that they
haven't accepted fault and they don't
understand they're so far removed and
there are Letus bubbles that they have
no idea what the entire country is
feeling and thinking it's it's really
unfortunate man you just point to the
example that Hillary Clinton didn't even
bother to go to like Oh was it was
constant Scotch it didn't even bother
did rush did Putin do that or did Putin
cancel the plane ticket or yes Putin he
wiped off Wisconsin on her mat he had a
guy come in Russia did it Russia did it
so let me ask you what is you what do
you think the future of journalism do
are you optimistic about it I'm
certainly not but what do you think is
what do you see it evolving happen I
mean it's not like in retrospect
honestly it's always been pretty
horrible right and I mean on the big
issues like war right so what do you
think going forward or what is your
prognosis for journalism as a whole well
it's difficult because it's journalism
is antithetical to business right so
that's why journalism got corrupted in
the first place is it became just
another corporate entity and
consolidated into just like a
construction of the US government and
just essentially stenography from these
lackeys in the Beltway I think that it's
dead and it has been dead for a while
because of the corporate consolidation
because of the fact that businesses
don't meld well I mean we
saw what Gawker shut down Gothamist I'm
sorry Gotham is shut down because of the
unionization or attempt to rather of the
employees that's why I was at our Tea
Jimmy I knew this ten years ago when the
Iraq war was happening I first thought
that it was all the Bush administration
I did a swing state trip for John Kerry
Wow that was an experience that was fun
so I was still sucked into the two-party
paradigm until I just kind of realized
hey why is the media selling us this the
media is not just like owned by the Bush
administration so it took me a while and
I think it takes anyone a while to
really come to terms with how controlled
the entire system is and it's not just
Republicans it's not just Democrats but
I think that the future of journalism is
with us it's with people declaring
objectivity 'he's dead you know we don't
need Monsanto's press release to compare
to the facts of like who's being
poisoned by Monsanto
we don't we don't need government
officials giving their side of the story
we can talk to the victims themselves so
that I think is different and is
changing however I do think the problem
and I hate to use the term fake news
because there's always been fake news
but you're you're seeing this term now
hijacked by the establishment by the
bill crystals they're creating a new
think tank now to declare an all-out war
on fake news we know what that's going
to mean but that means are gonna shut
down dissenting voice exactly that means
because the biggest fake news that I
ever lived through in my life was that
the Iraq has weapons of mass absolutely
the biggest conspiracy theory I ever
heard yeah so now you have unfortunately
you have a lot of grifters in capitalism
because it's so difficult that now we
need to brand ourselves and we need to
become a brand to like you know to
survive and we have our patreon and we
have this and that it's just unfortunate
that that's the way it is I do have a
lot of hope with citizen journalism and
and people's media and and the creation
and cultivation and support for you know
peers like us and to understand there
are anti-imperialist voices out there
and we need to build each other up and
support each other and unfortunately I
think that's the way it has to be that
we need to invest ourselves like as
citizens we need to invest and just
follow the journalists that we respect
and admire and want to support because
we cannot count on any institutions as
we see these corporations have censored
and that's what happens when you put
your faith in YouTube in Google and
Twitter and right so we have to just
completely create our own networks I
know it's very easy to say that but it
starts with the networking okay
yeah I mean even the place that does
such great work like the intercept had
to rely on the you know yeah a billion
and they're asking for donations now and
their yeah I guess the billion dollars
dried up they do great work I mean thank
God you know so you can you tell us
about your your work with Project
Censored Project Censored is an
incredible organization I always tell
people who are aspiring journalists who
don't want to go to J school and I
recommend don't go to J school hey
you're gonna be in debt up to your ass
no J schools journalism not school I
know that but I always tell people
instead of going there because you're
gonna get hammered into your head of how
to be a journalist and how to do this
and do that and then you're gonna
have ten unpaid internships and never
get paid for your work go to somewhere
like Project Censored they do an annual
book where they take in anyone who wants
to participate research writing finding
the stories that are the most censored
stories every year they published the
top 25 censored stories every year this
year is mind-blowing their top one
censored story was that there's three
thousand communities across the country
who have double the amount of lead then
Flint at its peak of the crisis three
thousand like wait yeah three thousand
communities have lead levels that are
twice as much as Flint at its peak so
these are the kind of stories and also
another story in projects Mountain you
still drink out of your faucet at home I
don't you know what I had that a really
nice water filter that broke but it's
it's a horrible I know I I just drink
out of my like fridge yeah thing yeah
okay which is probably bad I drop drink
this spring water there you go well
Perrier Nestle dude I can't drink
 is Perrier Nestle no Nestle's
Nestle they own a lot of they own like
the majority of water bottling companies
I is it necessary see I can't I can't
trick Nestle
but another view by Nestle exoneree and
now why is necessary bad because they're
taking the aqua survey they will go and
suck out like just different aquifers
different dams in the country and in
Canada and then sell just put them in
plastic and just redistribute them for
like a million percent profit and that
the city gets nothing it's probably just
some city council member who has like
you know a Nestle donation so it's
disgusting what they're doing on top of
that the slave labor with their their
chocolate but yeah they make Purina cat
food like they own everything yeah well
it's hard right so we live in an age
where you know what Mark said you know
capitalism is eating itself to really
have a few you know uh whoa George
Carlin used to say you have 50 different
breakfast cereals nearly two political
parties yeah you have choices two
political parties fifty cereals okay
alright that sounds like so do you think
you do think we have one party right
that's why we of course you do right of
course we do have one party and that's
why I have always advised against the
lesser evil ISM mentality so you didn't
vote for Hillary Clinton are you telling
me you didn't vote for Hillary Clinton
do you know and I'll never hear the end
of it you know what that makes you
you're a petulant child
no I'm a worse than that we're
treasonous oh you're all traitors you
know well we I like Bernie and that was
because Russia manipulated my mind right
I just thought I wanted single-payer
right turns out it was Russia
manipulating turns out my boyfriend is
the one who - what was that story - like
oh no the girls who voted for Bernie
Sanders were really being told by their
boyfriends like oh we have no agency so
who's being sexist now sounds like that
they were saying women can't make up
their own mind we got to get led to the
polls and told what to do so that it's
astounding I actually will never forgive
Bernie for not like here he is running
as an independent you should have done
that before man what the hell is wrong
with you so he already promised he's
gonna run as a Democrat if he runs for
president again and right now he's he
sent out a mailer the day before the
elections this week saying hey if you
wherever you are go vote for the
Democrat so I've been saying on this
show now I'm a big Bernie Sanders fan I
love that guy but you can be right on
the issues and wrong on strategy and
he's I think a thousand percent wrong on
his
rata G of trying to prop up the
Democratic or something happened with
him it's the same thing that happened to
Michael Moore when he you know he was
campaigning for Ralph Nader in 2000 and
then four years later he's on his knees
begging him not to run because that's
what the system does to you so Bernie
Sanders you see him on a video 10 or 15
years ago saying how the lesser two
evils is insane yet I should never do it
and now here he is so something to
happened but I do want to say even
though we too do have two parties look
the Trump phenomenon I think is I know a
lot of people who are Mexican here whose
families actually are in hiding because
they're undocumented and it is very
scary it's a very scary climate ice
raids have skyrocketed there's you know
assaults on just the African American
people who are just in the street so I
think aside from Trump himself and the
policies he's implementing I feel like
they're like I said before there's kind
of like a mass psychosis among the
people that is cultivating a very
disturbing climate you know what I mean
I know I may not see it as much because
I'm white and in a more privileged
sector of society but like a lot of
people who I've encountered and talked
to who are encountering very disturbing
things and attacks and assaults and
they're they're very scared so I don't
want to like trivialize that it is very
disturbing however this was all
happening before it's just that now
Trump is kind of like ripped the masks
off so I don't like this whole deep
state narrative where it's like they're
trying to oust him look let's not give
him too much credit it's only because he
just isn't the best face to carry it on
so that's it
so Trump can't sell war as well as
somebody like Barack Obama can sell war
and get the rest of the world to still
like our military empire whereas Trump
he reveals that what we were doing right
we're just greedy court when he says hey
we should take the Royal next time so
that actually he's revealed by the way
we didn't leave it so we got the oil so
that I never thought of it like that
that he makes it harder for them the
ki-moon is going that's again you see
the Iran nuclear deal and North Korea
look I think Wars even though a lot of
them are planned like if Gore won we
still overthrown Saddam like I'm
convinced I don't know if we would have
gone in a full-scale invasion but we
that all these things would have still
happened however I think that the
belligerents of Crump a lot of wars
aren't planned and things can happen
because of the belligerents and
incompetence and ineptitude of someone
on Twitter or doing something so I think
kim jeong-hoon it's a very dangerous
escalation between the two entities in
the iran nuclear deal is a
disaster Iran never had a nuclear
weapons program they never they don't
have a nuclear weapons program but to
just rip up that deal is like you know
that is an act of war and these
sanctions are act of wars acts of war so
sanctioning Maduro directly sanctioning
heavy sanctions on North Korea this is
all precursors to something that we
don't need to be doing right now yes
people don't know that North Korea has
offered to stop their nuclear program if
we would just stop doing war games over
there God did oh yeah and they did and
told Bush declared them as part of the
axis of evil and then they're like all
right you and then they just
started building nukes again so so okay
well one more you were down you did some
coverage in Houston around hurricane
Harvey can you tell us what you saw god
how depressing that place is well Big
Oil rules the day there as we know it is
the only big city in the country that
has zero zoning so that Oh
so imagine schools built next to
chemical plants like that Arkham a
chemical plant that exploded there's
like you know hundreds if not thousands
of people who live in an immediate
vicinity of that and because of these
terrorism laws they don't have to tell
you what chemicals are in these plants
and another thing that I found out that
was really interesting is that these
giant plants are not find during startup
and shutdown and also during any natural
disasters so they're just like oh don't
care just release all these
plumes of toxic chemicals because we
know that at the end of the day we're
not gonna see a dime spent even a permit
for plunder like they didn't have to do
that
so aside from that Jimmy the complete
and utter neglect and the failure of
these institutions I don't know where
the FEMA Red Cross or the US
government was we went to a city called
Lakewood there were dozens of people
living and molded out gutted out home
said they had not seen one government
official not one media official they
showed me they were all denied aid
they're just living there two months
after the hurricane they said that there
was even like levees that were open that
they were flooded not told to evacuate I
mean it's just a typical like just total
class warfare I mean there's all black
and Latino neighborhoods mostly
undocumented and they even told me they
said even though there was flooding in
the majority of Houston you saw only the
rich neighborhoods really and business
back up and running the same after
Katrina that's all these people care
about is getting business up back up and
running a lot of volunteers that were
Wendt said that they were told not to go
to these neighborhoods because they
would get shot so it's the same kind of
looting narrative these people are you
know they're looting and stuff no it's
called survival and it was a really
amazing story of just community stepping
up to help but the complete ownership of
big oil and petrochemical we realized
how much they owned even hospitals and
university wings so you can't even study
cancer clusters accurately because it's
all compartmentalized in different
things where they can't accurately call
out who the perpetrator is because
they'll just lose their funding so
that's how bad it is and then you look
at the climate change denial
administration and then of course right
who's in the EPA so it's just it's
depressing because it's like how the
hell can you begin to radicalize a
community when aside from all of that
everyone works inside the industry
[Music]
