hi everybody welcome to the GB door show
I'm here what steps that Murano and Rob
black-owned hello
and so well we are know Miki Kant's did
an interview with keith ellison now if
you don't know who keith ellison is he
was one of the few guys a few people
elected politicians who actually stood
up and supported Bernie Sanders in the
primary which was a big deal and so he
did that he showed guts and I say thank
you to Keith for doing that
since since then he's done things like
taking core he's been oh you know when
he ran for the chair of the party he
didn't say no corporate money he said
we'll take a vote on it you guys want to
have for it and so stuff like that and I
understand he's inside the party and so
he needs those people to work with him
as allies right so we can't like torpedo
them but you have to stand up to the
party you have to say what's wrong with
the party and fix it and if that means
that you can't work with those people
anymore I don't know what to tell you
but the problem well let's let's listen
to what they're talking about cuz no
Mickey does you know she's been doing
some great interviews she gets access to
all these people they like her and so
she interviewed Donna Brazile a little
bit while ago I want to talk about that
and here I just heard this a little
excerpt say they talked for about 40
minutes and here's a little excerpt that
they tweeted out and she's talking about
the divisions inside the Democratic
Party right now fighting back and forth
and here's her question party should we
focus on on identity politics not even
just identity like guns yeah you know
reproductive rights are these purity
test and to me it seems like it's
pitting communities against each other
rather than talking about economics
which even Republicans want Medicare for
all my idea about this whole thing is
that the one let's start from where we
all agree mm-hmm okay let's start from
where we all agree that we got to get
money out of politics because that's the
cause of all the problems that's why we
have we're spending a trillion dollars a
year on military that we don't have to
for with no enemy that's that's why we
have people
going bankrupt when they get sick that's
why people are under mountains of debt I
saw a great tweet the other day why do
people still think that college students
are radicalized by their professors and
not by their six-figure mountain of debt
that they have where they get out of
college
that's what radicalizes college students
so that's the problem okay and so now
he's gonna say what we are what was
let's decide what we can all agree on
what we should all agree on and the left
is that the problem is corporate money
in our politics that's the problem
money and politics and we need a shorter
election season but more importantly we
need public financing of Elections and
that's the thing that we should be
pushing because that's the root of all
these problems you're not gonna solve
climate change until you stop listening
to the oil companies on government
policy you're not gonna you're not gonna
do that you're not gonna you're not
gonna get workers wages up unless you
push back against Wall Street so you got
to get money out of politics
that is the problem do let me just throw
it to the my panel steps here and Ron's
here what do you agree with that yes you
gotta get money out of politics so thing
we all agree on and that's got to be the
thing that you got to say we got to get
you where we all agree on but he doesn't
say that so what he says is this this is
the thing he thinks we all we all have
should agree on you ought to be able to
make a decent living you ought to be
able to make a decent living and he says
one more thing start from where else we
agree everybody deserves respect okay
that second thing I don't understand but
that first thing where he says everybody
should make a decent living yeah but do
you know why everybody can't make a
decent living like that's what you agree
on I don't think anybody's gonna go no
one should make a decent living I think
you're not saying anything I'm saying I
was gonna say that I was I you know
Jimmy I will say though at the very
beginning I was immediately annoyed by
his response when he says well my whole
idea on this whole thing which is
interesting because she just finished
saying Medicare for all yes yeah and he
doesn't want it
talk about that if you don't notice he
didn't say what we could all agree on is
that everybody should have Medicare for
All single-payer he doesn't say that see
that's what I was gonna say too I was
hoping that was where he was going I saw
this as a very Tom Perez moment yes
where you are a specific policy thing
and instead you bring it back to this
kind of broad yeah the - nonsense that's
exactly what he did just just like when
so tom is the problem that corporations
have influence oh well when we put hope
on the ballot we win you bring it back
to this platitude on cents he had a Tom
Perez moment right there that's exactly
what he did I agree I agree and I got to
tell you when I hear somebody say my
idea about this whole thing it was like
okay well I just I if his idea about
this whole thing was we got to get money
out of politics that had public
financing I'd be on board with that
idea about this whole thing mm-hmm but
his idea about this whole thing is what
can we agree on that everyone deserves a
living wage and respect and respect
let's so let's listen to one more time
focus on on identity politics not even
just identity like guns yeah you know
reproductive rights are these purity
test and to me it seems like it's
pitting communities against each other
rather than talking about economics
which even Republicans want Medicare for
all so what know Mike he's actually
saying it she's like the people who are
pushing identity politics are actually
pitting people against each other which
I think she's making the case that's
phony that you don't have to do that
that if we if we have an economic policy
that that actually lifts all boats and
that's what's really the problem
and I think that's what she's getting
too but what is that boy said a specific
policy oriented question I mean she
mentioned three specific policy points
the framing of this question his answer
included okay here we go here's his
answer idea about this whole thing is
that the one let's start from where we
all agree mm-hmm you ought to be able to
make a decent living let's start from
where else we agree everybody deserves
respect right let's start there what no
you have to start with we need to get
money out of politics you got to start
there and people who don't agree with
you on that you
have to convince them that's what you
that should be your dad should be your
charge right now the root cause of the
primer and all you're doing is treating
your liver spot on your skin that's not
that's what's he's rear-ending we'll
just keep covering up the probe to
blemish but not get at the problem
because the problem is the liver the
problem is the money in politics okay
here we go and by the way this is not to
beat up on keith ellison but it's just
going to show you that Keith who people
look to as one of our better
progressives because he stood up for
Bernie and he showed courage and I'm
showing you that even one of the better
progressives is not that much better and
he's speaking in platitudes and this is
setting at you guys up to have mixed
results in 2018 when you should wipe
them out they should be wiped out when
why are they not gonna be wiped out
because of mealy-mouthed
platitudes like this well because even
if I were to look at the platform of the
Democratic Party which is hard to find
that brochure oh you mean the better
deal good things not bad things good
things not bad things it's interesting
that he says everybody deserves a job
right a living a living wage is that
what he said no like access to living
wage I don't think they have a jobs
program where's the jobs program anyway
I think everybody should have access
right that where's your jobs program we
have a president that was a Democrat for
eight years I'm sorry
he's a Republican light yes I'm
self-admitted by the way brocco bomb
admitted he was a Republican and
Democrats don't support living wages
either I know they love to beat around
and they're like well technically like
my $15 an hour by like 20 20 40 years I
don't know like they don't actually
support living wages they don't actually
support the fight for 15 so let's hear
what else he has to say so and everybody
deserves a living wage and respect about
you know is that I don't really believe
that that people conceive of a choice
between social issues which includes
like identity politics type stuff versus
economic because here's the thing as a
black woman of color
you're among the poorest people in the
country and the Democratic Party hasn't
done dick for you in fact Bill Clinton
and Hillary Clinton who you wanted
everybody to vote for gutted welfare
while exploding the prison population
and repealing the New Deal banking
legislation and who did that hurt the
most
black and brown educated people that's
who got hurt the worst okay so you you
your problem is not is not yeah you you
are being hit on the basis of your
identity and that is leading to your put
your economic diminishment what if we
talked about a better economy for
everyone including black women all women
communities of color white men I mean
and then here's the other thing okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry you can't this is just
platitudes right platitudes but also
like I I don't like the answer I don't
think the answer is anything of
substance and that he starts with they
start talking about identity politics
and then he highlights an
african-american woman but I think it
should be for everyone and then he also
includes white men and I'm just for the
record women are paid less than men and
certainly people of minorities are paid
less and so when he says I want it fair
for everyone how about we just we raise
the standard of living for people who
are struggling right now I think that
what he's trying to say I think that's
what he's actually trying to say is like
well that's just that's what will help
the economy helps everyone I mean you're
right he's it's I don't know what
because they don't have a platform Jimmy
it's because the Democrats don't really
have a platf and I know keith Ellison is
a great speaker i know keith Ellison has
the power to motivate and inspire and
this is that and you know I know he's
not giving a speech he's doing an
interview but this is your this is your
stump speech right and it sounds like
nothing it sounds like Tom Perez exactly
what Ron said so there's a little bit
more of this let's let it play out and
then we'll comment you might think the
opioid thing is more of a social justice
social issue so happens that the big
corporations been pushing these pills
you might think of the guns is more of a
social issue so happy so happens the
corporations again so it comes back to
corporate money we gotta get freakin
money out of politics okay the clock in
Smith & Wesson and all them are pushing
the bump stocks and all this mess full
disclosure I am a hunter it's a family
tradition but I and I and I I am more
than happy I don't own any handguns but
I'm more than happy to do a background
check it by one at one this is not about
taking your guns that's ridiculous
this is about do you want do you want
people to commercially exploit fear so
that people go buy a bunch of guns and
solve every problem they have with guns
including disputes on the job being
pissed off about society putting Sarah
Palin's family Sarah Palin you know it's
but but at the end of the day you know
David connected you know no rural white
identity with guns but the point is they
these big companies want to sell more
guns they say about you hunting with
your uncle's on the weekends this is
about them selling you more stuff and so
get it you got to get what's going on
here so much of people who suffer
because of I mean you can say that about
Obamacare it says our corporations want
to make more profit they want to sell
you more health care they want to add a
high price what he's not saying that
that's why we need single-payer she
brought it up he ignored it so again
this is the Democrats without a real
platform with not remember Chuck Schumer
said we're gonna have a bold economic
bold
he said bold with real action plan
nothing they have nothing they have
nothing
and again this Keith Keith the Ellison
one of the better ones but it's just
this is not a winning message who let
whatever you think this is not this is
uh
this is obfuscation this is mealy mouthy
this is not talking about what people
want to talk about this is you truck
this is you being a politician and
trying to be all things to all people
you mean this is why Democrats lose yes
Jimmy I'm a hunter Linda I'm actually
not well his answer is seemingly out of
nowhere that he starts at talking about
the opioid addiction and then he goes to
guns and I'm like wait a minute
why do you just start with the main
issue that we're talking about an
african-american woman who is struggling
and what's your plan family plan where's
your jobs program where's your health
care where's your single-payer health
care that would help that mother so she
doesn't have to jump through hoops
getting her kid on chip or whatever else
she's got to do to get health care for
how about that I'm not again it people
have really hammered me for for they
consider me picking on keith Ellison and
he's one of the better ones and that I'm
being destructive and I'm letting you
know that one of the better ones needs
to get a better message because we're
gonna have mixed results when I say we I
mean the left and I don't you know I
consider Keith on the left but I don't
consider many corporate Democrats on any
of them
so I mean half the party's super okay
with being moderate Republicans Barack
Obama Brad D was one so this is not a
bowl this is not bold this isn't that
bold this is the opposite of bowl this
is politics as usual and this is this is
the Democrats going well and we're gonna
pick up a lot of seats in the midterms
no matter what and we're gonna get rid
of and we're gonna get rid of Trump into
in Trump in 2020 no matter what and so
this is like I don't really have to be
bold I don't really have to do anything
I don't really have to propose
single-payer and push for it as hard as
I can I don't really have to post
propose public financing of Elections
the actual root of the problem I don't
have to do that because we're gonna have
mixed result we're gonna take over some
in the House and the Senate and we're
gonna have a new president in 2020 and
who gives a F and that's what they're
doing because if he didn't think that he
would be screaming at the top of his
lungs and trying to make the case and
trying to convince people that the
biggest problem is money in politics
corporate money in politics and then we
got a
get out of there and Bernie was right
and that the primary was rigged a
hundred percent someone cheated and one
of the biggest election frauds in the
history of our country happened and
everybody's still pouring the finger at
Bernie Sanders and his supporters so I'm
this this is not a winning message I'm
sorry step you wanted to say you know
Jimmy I loved what you just said I think
the whole idea really has to be that I'm
allowed to hold officials accountable
for their policies or their lameness and
if I don't like the way he's
articulating himself right now Keith
Ellison that's okay and if I'm holding
it the Democrats accountable that's okay
they're losers they lost Nancy Pelosi is
the biggest fundraiser and she lost a
thousand seats and they're gonna keep
her in that position so she continued
can make money so she can lose what
another thousand seats so you know what
Jimmy I I don't care that people are
slamming the show or slamming you about
being too critical of the Democratic
Party they need to get this together
they need to get it together and the
fact of matter is we're saying that we
want money out of politics so we don't
have to deal with the same donor yes
appointed politician reason why he is so
mealy-mouthed here is because of money
in politics the reason why he can't give
you that straight answer that we all
wanted is because of money and president
ironic the big problem is money in
politics and he can't mention it isn't
that moment or he's not and let's see if
there's any more to this identity
because of racism sexism and all that
all that stuff it has a commercial Oreo
or origin even American races okay so
he's talking about in a roundabout way
capitalism perverting our political
system but he's not saying it like that
I think he has some okay themes that are
buried underneath the verbage he used
like if you're gonna make the case that
identity politics issues and economic
issues scratch each other's backs that's
actually a good message and you
who really needs to hear that message
more than anyone else right now though
is the establishment democrat party yes
they need to hear you know you're for
the most marginalized among us that's
great we are too but you know what that
also means that means you have to
support living wages that means you have
to be against fracking that means you
have to you know be against the endless
war maybe set or daca mm-hmm that all
that all plays into it these things are
connected you can't be for one and not
the other or you're not actually for
that thing that's what the establishment
Democrats need to hear and then you can
take that message to a broader audience
instead of trying to make some weird
bridge to the Second Amendment where
most people support a common-sense
weapons policy anyway yeah well I you
know I really have to go back to this
whole thing because I think it's I think
it's an upside-down thinking to
criticize these officials is the
healthiest thing we can do for the
country yeah okay
III agree again I don't want to be
destructive in my criticism I want to
help people see the error of their ways
and this isn't a winning message she
asked you specifically anyway it's not
it's not a winning message because you
know what Jimmy he doesn't have it ready
he doesn't have his message ready to go
they don't have a message and
that's the problem and if he really
wants that you got to call it out and
you got to call out your donors and
they're not doing that and again they're
just a party right now and you
know you're part of a party
that's destructive to him I think the
Democrats wouldn't even stand up for
daca you know the Republicans will shut
down they shut down the government on a
lark a couple years ago over nothing you
remember that no they're not a
lark here's something that's actually
