hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest we have an
interview with sarah smith she's running
for congress in washington's ninth
district and she's a real progressive
she even calls herself a Democrat
socialist we interviewed her last year
when she started the race and we want to
share it with you now because the
primary ends Tuesday right it's it's all
mail-in ballots in Washington State and
you have to have your ballot mailed in
by Tuesday so if you haven't been
introduced to her here's a great
introduction to a real progressive who's
got a real chance to win and by the way
she also kicked ass when she was on Fox
News well she's here right now please
say hello to Sarah Smith hi Sarah how
are you hi it's great to have someone
who's trying to get corporate money out
of politics right so I'm for anybody
who's doing that no matter what side of
the aisle they're on the fact that
you're a progressive is fantastic what
makes you a justice Democrat Sarah I am
ready to see a new wave of Democrats in
office we have a lot of these long term
multiple decades Democrats that are in
office right now that just don't
represent the interests of the the new
generation that's coming in and I think
it's our turn to have a seat at the
table what would be the big things that
got you motivated but just besides like
a general statement that they don't
represent you how would you say
specifically they don't so our concerns
a lot in the younger generation are
things like good-paying jobs like cost
free college tuition we want access to
health care for all and things like that
and these are fights that we could have
been fighting and corporate Democrats
could have been fighting but they
haven't been so I think now it's time we
sweep out the old blood and inject some
fresh blood into the Democratic Party
and into the Congress as a whole I you
know that's the sentiment in the in the
in the streets that's the sentiment with
the grassroots that certainly is the
sentiment but we've seen time and time
again like just in California that not
only on the national level that the
Democrats have a rigged system to
protect the establishment meaning
super-delegates and things like that but
also on the local level like just in
California they kind of just pulled the
same thing and right now the California
Democratic Party literally just
acted a pharmaceutical lobbyists to be
the chairman of the party a guy who
fought against Bernie's cheaper health
care bill here last year so that's how
bad the Democratic Party is what makes
you think you can change it um because I
mean the the sentiment that I've made
before is you know when a window breaks
you don't just stare at the glass and
wait for it to fix itself someone has to
get in there and sweep it and I think
that it's time we swept out all the
broken glass and we just made change
regular people stepping up to the plate
and and actively taking part in their
communities whether that's at a city
level a state level a local level
community level more people coming out
and stepping up it's gonna make sure
we're getting out every last piece of
broken glass from that window that's
shattered and we're replacing it with a
new one so you are first of all it's a
great analogy second of all you are for
single-payer Healthcare correct
absolutely and you are for cut off
tuition free college yes okay you're for
getting no corporate PAC money no
corporate PAC money we are all taking
small donations I don't want to
represent corporations I want to
represent people and I think the first
step to doing that is by only taking
money from real people not for
corporations okay so those those are the
big things that's what I'm and how do
you how what's your foreign policy like
I'm for ending the wars and investing
that money back home about you I am
absolutely in favor of doing that I
think we've been so focused on wars
overseas and involving ourselves and in
combat everywhere else but at home and
we're fighting wars on the home front
that were not pumping any money to like
like education we're falling behind
health care we we don't have adequate
health care for people we've got our own
battles to fight at home and it's time
we start paying attention to them ah boy
that it is so refreshing to hear you say
that you know a lot of people I know
blue-collar people voted for Trump
because he said he was a
non-interventionist that was a big deal
to people it's a big deal to me and it's
a big deal to hear you say that that
you're actually for ending the Foreign
Wars because it's been non-stop we've
been in Afghanistan now going on 17
years and you know there's gonna be
people going to fight in Afghanistan
that weren't even born when the when
war started so it seems like George
Orwell is kind of coming true right
endless war for endless peace we have
unbelievable mass surveillance how do
you feel about the surveillance state
Chris Hedges says that when the
government has every email telephone
call and text that you make that is not
Liberty that's more of a kin to the
relationship between a slave master
ambassador and a slave and what do you
think about that I can absolutely echo
that sentiment I think when we police
our own citizens to the degree that we
know every aspect of their lives online
and don't afford them any real modicum
of privacy that we're doing them a
disservice we're doing them an injustice
we're infringing on Liberty and it's
right there in the Constitution you know
like life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness it's right there and by
infringing on that we're fundamentally
ignoring a portion of the very paper in
which we were founded you sound a little
too smart to be a politician I don't
really know what you're trying to pull
here but maybe I you say I don't know
listen what where did you go to school I
went to a college in the University of
Arizona and I graduated in 2014
okay all fantastic 2014 holy cow
good for this is exactly the kind of
energy outlook you know the future of
the Democratic Party is all progressive
right so they went for people who were
35 and under last I think I'm pretty
right on this statistic 7 to 1 we voted
for Bernie Sanders in the primary so
this is the future of the Democratic
Party and the Democratic Party is just
hanging on by their fingernails using
every dirty trick in the book to
maintain their corporate power over the
party and it's good to see now you're
running against a Democrat which is a
big no-no you're not supposed to primary
another Democrat right that's why they
wag their finger at you you think the
person you're running against is a guy
named Adam Smith now your last name is
Sarah Smith and you're running against
Adam Smith now tell me why did you want
a primary Adam Smith he's already a
Democrat so the number one question I
feel like I should address now is
there's no relation between me and Adam
Smith ok so I decided to primary Adam
Smith because are the 9th district
overwhelmingly Washington as a whole
overwhelmingly caucus for Bernie Sanders
and supported Bernie Sanders
72.1% is actually the figure that it
came out to at the end of the caucus and
Adam Smith is a super delegate and he
was prompted actually my old legend
state legislative district my my own
legislative district asked him about
about this because he despite his
district caucusing overwhelmingly for
Sanders endorsed and supported Hillary
Clinton and cast his super delegate for
her and my favorite is I'm completely
paraphrasing this quote but but the
quote amounted to it's more important
for me to act within the whims of my
party than to listen to my constituents
and that really rubbed me the wrong way
in regardless of the fact that he's a
Democrat he doesn't have a tragic
Democratic voting record I think that
that says a lot about the era of
politics that he came from almost 22
years ago I think it says a lot about
how the Democrat Democratic Party used
to be 2 decades ago and I think it just
is the flag that got raised that it's
it's time that the new generation of
Democrats steps up to the plate and
takes a swing so you're telling me that
this the district he represents
overwhelmingly went for Bernie Sanders
which by the way we covered that the
governor got a little egg on his face in
that primary too didn't he yeah yeah
that was pretty funny it was really
actually fairly funny that talked about
a guy out of touch with his own
constituency oh my god so so you're
telling me that the district that your
primary is Adam Smith Democrat his
district overwhelmingly went for Bernie
Sanders but he still cast his vote for
Hillary Clinton and he thought that no
one would care mm-hmm yeah and I guess
he didn't expect someone like me little
old me coming from the working-class to
care but I care enough to primary and
I'm sure I'm really glad you're doing
that and what has been the response so
far to your candidacy from the people in
the district I'm gonna guess it's
positive because they're progressive
it's been mostly positive I've met a lot
of people that didn't know that happened
and I've met a lot of people that didn't
have as much information about our
representative as I felt like they
should they didn't really even know who
he was but other than that I've had some
amazing conversations with people people
have been overwhelmingly supportive I've
had a lot of individuals that have been
just so interested in the campaign and
my message
everything have been excited someone's
coming out to primary Adam Smith ah well
I'm excited someone's coming out to
private primary Adam Smith I really am
now your district is home to Boeing
Microsoft and Amazon so now you're gonna
take donations from people who work at
those companies so tub but there's a
difference between taking donations from
people who work at those companies and
taking money from a pack right now tell
me the difference so the big difference
is its individual people it's working
people so if I were to take $10 from
someone who works for McDonald's I'm not
taking money from McDonald's I'm taking
money from that one person and it's the
same thing
there's working people in in Amazon's
warehouse that disagree that they're
that they're treated very fairly and
that wanna that want to have
representation that represents them as
the working class and I feel like that
taking their money is not the same as
taking Amazon's money it's not a pact
that's been bought and paid for it's not
a pool of money that's been donated by
anonymous corporations and shadow
organizations it's real dollars from
real working people in the real working
world yes so that's so that's a big
difference and they how bigger the
contributions twenty-five hundred
dollars right isn't that the limit yeah
that's the individual limit I think
right now we're at an average of 17
dollars a generation but the max
individual max I think is 2500 okay
fantastic oh that's great so what now
what tell me the work you've done to
help small businesses um so I actually
work for a local business I am an
administrative court coordinator for a
small business in downtown Renton and
I'm I really enjoy working there I get
to talk to my boss a lot about what it's
like and what it's like for his dad that
actually owns the business and see how
he's impacted by things like the cost of
health care for employees the size of
the business and how it's affected his
ability to grow and everything like that
so it's been really it's it's been
really good to actually get exposed to
small business life because I came from
largely working for corporations
and then I had the opportunity to work
for a small business and it's a totally
different world and it just it reaffirms
my belief that the job creators aren't
all these huge corporations and small
businesses that's where the real job
creation is at well this is we have a
small business here that's what the
Jimmy Dore show is a very small business
we employ about five people so now you
were a foreclosure specialist now tell
me what that is and tell me how that
influences how you want to legislate so
I actually got the opportunity to work
in a homeowners assistance team capacity
so I worked for Citigroup right was in
2009 through 2010 so right when a lot of
people were coming out declaring
bankruptcy and they couldn't keep stay
in their homes and trying to find
foreclosure assistance so I worked
pretty much at the height of foreclosure
in America and I effectively was trained
on how to implement government programs
to help stave off foreclosure for
families and depending on income and
it's all about income based repayment
and income based mortgage payments and
how we could help get people applied
into programs that would help extend out
their ability to pay so I met over the
phone really I met a lot of people and
spoke to a lot of people who are just
good hard-working individuals who wanted
to just keep a roof over their head and
who wound up in a bad situation that
wasn't their fault and I think that we
let big banks gamble and lose enough
with our fortunes enough with our with
our savings with our college funds we
let them gamble enough would they
already showed they can't be trusted to
make positive decisions for people by
treating all the bad mortgages they were
trading and all the mortgage bundles
that were going out there that should
never gone out there a lot of these
balloon payments that were out there
they never should have gone out so so
let me yeah so you were working for a
Citibank or Citigroup at the height of
the foreclosure crisis and your job was
to try to help mitigate the pain that
some of the homeowners were going
through and were you successful in doing
that that was the Citigroup really have
an interest in doing that were you just
for show um so sometimes I felt like I
was and I felt like we could have been
doing more
but that didn't stop me from trying to
do everything I possibly could so I as
an individual I I believed in what I was
trying to do regardless of what banner
under which I was trying to get it done
and a my the particular story that comes
to mind is I actually was working on
helping this woman she's the single
mother of three and she was a nurse and
she was working she just gotten back
into the working world after her divorce
from her husband told me her whole life
story and her mortgage payment became
too much for her to bear she lost her
job even as a nurse she was unemployed
and she didn't know what to do she had
three kids she's the sole income
provider and to me she was scraping by
doing some side work and things like
that but she wasn't taking a real salary
and I just I was hit really hard by her
circumstance and when I plugged
everything into the tube to the tool you
were using it kept denying her for this
repayment plan but I knew she met the
parameters so we're not supposed to do
this at the time but I told her I would
give her a call back and so I
disconnected my phone I actually ended
up calling directly to the Fannie Mae
representative that coordinated with
Citigroup at the time and I had the
representative actually come out to our
site and put her information in and do a
manual override because he agreed with
me he didn't know what was going on but
the tool error it out and she should
have qualified and never did so he was
actually able to override it and get her
to the program and they let me call her
back and be the one to tell her and I
just I remember it was like a three day
process and she said she started to cry
on the phone about how she was waiting
with bated breath and how she was just
so grateful that someone actually went
the extra mile and it hit me so hard
that I tried to make sure for the rest
of my working life I was I'm always
going the extra mile because I never
know what person I'm going to interact
with next that's gonna get hit hard by
something and need someone just to care
a little bit more and that's really
important to me as a person it's
important to me and how I work it's
important in how I approach the world
but that's how I want to approach this
kind of legislation is how is this gonna
affect the nurse with three kids who's a
single mom how is this gonna affect
those working people in the end there is
no way they're gonna allow you to be in
Congress
I'm hoping so there is they are gonna
fight you tooth-and-nail and they're
gonna smear you look what they did to
Bernie Sanders out they smeared him he's
a sexist his followers are violent you
know I mean he doesn't know he's a
Looney tune he's old guy doesn't know
how Congress works it's just you they're
gonna come after you so just be ready
it's right now they're coming after all
progressives right I mean not only the
right wing we used to have to just worry
about the right wing but now there's the
corporate Democrats right there's the
Hillary Clinton w-waahhhhh Simon Shields
Donna Brazile Cher blue those the david
brock smear merchants they're gonna come
after you they're already going after
anybody who doesn't owe the corporate
line they're smearing journalists left
and right glenn greenwald they're
smearing they're smearing me so they're
gonna come after you so just let it be
known just get ready for it because
you're trying to do something good and
as if you ever saw that movie mr. smith
goes to washington and that was before
the consolidation of the media just
remember that right so people it's there
they're not playing around if you try to
take away their corporate gravy train
they're gonna do everything short of
physical violence to get you smeared ok
so just get ready for that because you
sound like a person who has first-hand
knowledge of the abuses or the you know
the brutalities of an unregulated
capitalistic system can have on people
of no power and so it's good that you
saw that firsthand and now you can go
and legislate to help those people what
what would you what is your focus it's
gonna be as a legislator so as a
legislator I think it's really important
that we focus on things like reducing
college that are eliminating college
loan debt right now this is a bubble
that's about to burst and a lot of the
people that are in the generation that's
going to experience that bubble bursting
we're also there when the housing crisis
burst and so we're about to go through
another one and we're just trying to
pretend it's not there and it is and we
need to address it before it gets so big
and astronomical we can't deal with it
anymore even beyond just a student debt
level education from a K through 12
level we need to be focusing on giving
an equitable education a real chance at
being educated not because of the zip
code they live in all children should
have an equal chance to be educated and
educated well and I think we need to be
focusing on that so education is a huge
thing I'm extremely passionate my mom
was a preschool teacher so I'm very
passionate about things like education
I'm also very very invested in things
