welcome to part two of our interview
with NSA whistleblower William Binney if
you know anything about William Binney
you know that he is probably the
smartest guy who ever worked for the NSA
and invented the greatest metadata
gathering tool ever known as thin thread
he's also blown the whistle on
corruption inside of the NSA and he's a
member of VIPs veterans intelligence
professionals for sanity who debunked
the WMDs lie that the government was
feeding us well he's here to debunk
another big lie that the whole nations
been feeding us okay now let's get back
to the technical aspect of the alleged
Russian hack of the DNC servers you
delineate just like you said that if
someone did that the packets would be
out there they would be reassembled at
the other end and the NSA would be able
to show you that where those packets
ended up that's what you're saying yep
if you look go ahead go ahead but but
but what you're saying is that they
didn't do that which means they don't
have that evidence which probably means
that didn't happen because if it did
happen they would have that evidence
correct that's correct and if you looked
at the at the ICA they in the
intelligence community assessment which
is really done by selected analysts from
NSA CIA and FBI selected ones not the
general people doing the job okay and
they came out and they put out a little
over 13 page paper and talking about
they have high confidence it was the
Russians that did it yes or their that's
their judgment okay they said their
judgment they had high confidence that
the Russians did it and then on the
bottom of page 13 of that same report it
says here's how you begin to understand
word judgment judgment is not intended
to mean that we have evidence to prove
something to be a fact okay you know in
essence they denied their entire
previous report pages yeah they made it
say this this is not necessarily factual
that's fundamentally what it says yeah
yeah well then we had then we
Lucifer - right and this guy put out
stuff that said it was a it was a hack
of the DNC and you know and they were
alleging that the Russians did it well
went and he posted the data so that
meant we had something to technically
analyze so we thought okay if this is a
hack let's go look at and see what we
can figure out what it about that data
so we had the data right we have a tenth
we had it was spread out over a 14
minute period and it gave a certain
amount of transmission of the front a
little bit at the back end but it's all
timestamps so that at the end of files
every the files are all time stamped and
you could see the time stamping and
therefore calculate the transfer rate
over time which meant that and we we got
the rate we got was the highest rate we
had was forty one forty nine point one
megabytes per second not bits bytes per
second now we knew that that was not
there wasn't any way that that could go
across the Internet you can't send that
massive amount of data at that rate
across the internet it just won't go so
we and we tried it we have tried to do
it we said we we put data out there and
try to try to take it across the
Atlantic to different places in Europe
Amsterdam
you know Albania Belgrade and and the UK
the fastest we got was 12 megabytes per
second that was between a data center in
the U in New Jersey and a data center in
in the UK that was the fastest we could
get so and in Albania and going further
east the with the capacity went down so
we had much less capability further east
you went toward Russia so we said that
this from testing it wouldn't work but
so the download rate though was a
perfect match for a USB stick download
from a device from a computer because
that would fit right in to that so what
we said and the fact that NSA didn't say
anything about it
we said this is a local download
wherever local is we didn't even we
couldn't even prove was the
nc but we found some other evidence that
was even much more interesting
we found data from Lucifer - that was
put out in dated the first of September
of 2016
and if you looked at that and ignored
the everything except the minute the
hour minute the minute second and milli
second of the timestamps those two dates
from 5 July and 1 September merge into
one continuous stream of data so the
random probability that happens almost
infinitesimal so so it meant that
Lucifer 2 was in fact playing games with
the data and playing games with us
so all this allegation that it was a
hack or even alleged to be a hack is
just false from the beginning this guy's
playing with us he's kind of falsifying
evidence and falsifying inputs to us or
trying to make trying to make an
argument to support the thing the idea
that that the Trump administration was
involved the Russians well from our
point of view that's it's absolutely
false
ok ok so and so that was I read about
that and then I so the fact also let me
just add on to what you just said is
that the DNC and John Podesta never
allowed an outside agency to investigate
or to inspect their servers they never
allowed the FBI or the Department of
Homeland Security to investigate their
servers they neither did John Podesta
and that's why I said they will never be
proof of a hack into the DNC server
because they'll never allow anybody to
inspect their servers so game's over
right there am I wrong about that no no
I mean that's when you're trying to hide
evidence of anything that's going on
that's the way to do it just don't let
you can keep people out of your evidence
drawer you then you do that yeah so III
just said this is a whole the whole
thing and stories manufactured at the
intelligence community claimed they have
evidence they should put it on the table
this is one of the things I said to
director Pompeii Pompeyo that that it if
the members of Congress are going to
call this an act of war then this is
pretty serious situation and I reflect
back on the previous serious conditions
when John Fitzgerald Kennedy President
Kennedy exposed the photographs the
YouTube photographs the missiles in Cuba
in the UN and he did that and by
declassifying them so classification is
no no bearing here if you're going to
talk about a act of war and make a
serious situation you need to produce
that evidence and I would also say that
Ronald Reagan when he was president then
the Russians shot down the KL air line
over Sakhalin Island he released the the
Japanese recordings of the Russian
ground - air control of the fighter
ordering him to shoot the plane down and
they reduced that he produced that in
the UN - so I mean there precedent for
presidents reducing and classification -
nothing and exposing it to the public if
you're talking about a very serious
situation which if they're gonna call an
act of war then this is a case where
they should reduce it produced the
evidence for the public to see otherwise
we have no confidence in them I mean
after all it's the it's the intelligence
community that said there were weapons
of mass destruction in Iraq there there
were the Tonkin Gulf we were attacked by
the North Koreans or North North
Vietnamese and the Tonkin Gulf then we
start a war whenever he killed a couple
million people on a falsehood because
even they just didn't believe the
captain of the ship that was supposedly
attacked who said that there was no
attack at all so we started a war with
on the false principle or false input
from intelligence not just the Vietnam
work with all the Iraq war so I mean we
need to have truth here and this is
really what I told him was a very very
most serious issue here is that the
intelligence agencies are not telling
the truth to the leadership of the
country this is really bad why do you
think there's such uniformity and going
along pushing this
obvious to me obvious false propaganda
once I heard that the DIA DNC and John
Podesta wouldn't allow the FBI to
investigate their servers I knew this
was to me that does not pass the smell
test I'm a nightclub comedian and with a
 detector and to me that was
like Oh detector what is
ringing top top speed that's there's
something wrong there and so that to me
so why do you think there aren't more
people a like you out there speaking up
people with authority who can speak on
this issue why don't we just start there
why do you why do you think there's not
more people doing what you're doing
first of all I think in inside the
intelligence community I know through
the grapevine of retirees that the
morale situation there is really bad
because they're all being threatened
internally they have programs like say
see something say something about people
you work for or work with either way and
so it's like the Stasi you know that
that was a program they instituted
spying on air taller workers and so it
really it really causes a really ugly
work environment and so there and and
they threaten people with the FBI and
threaten them with the putting them in
jail and indicted them at very swiftly
on various charges so that's I mean they
they they passed around the movie the
the 16 minute article that came out in
2012 or 2011 about us in May they
circulated that internally in NSA to
basically tell the workforce this is
what's going to happen to you if you say
anything and so this is the kind of
intimidation that occurs in inside these
agencies so they're all pretty much
threatened and afraid to do anything so
not that not that they wouldn't like to
it's just that they are afraid to do it
so no I found your information I also
know that the d8 DNC didn't allow the
FBI did why aren't there more people in
the media that are telling the truth
about this situation why do you think
well the media is now also afraid I mean
they with jim risin and Jim Rosen The
Associated Press the the threats of the
grand jury investigations and
and charges and so on to the media have
also made them very afraid to do
anything either I mean from what I can
see investigative journalism at least in
the national security area is pretty
much dead in this country that won't
happen you can't get anything except the
story de jure from the intelligence
agencies or the administration you can't
get anything nobody's doing anything to
try to verify or validate any of it so
you know and I think Paulson
I mean I think the CIA and others have
had ongoing efforts to try to infiltrate
the news media to make sure that they
they conform to the story that they
weren't told a lot of them coordinate
their stories before they're published
with the CIA or NSA FBI so and they
allow them to filter it so you know
there's kind of a collaborative effort
there and there's the threat behind it
after brand juries and things like that
so I think that that's the reason that
the mainstream media at least simply
turns over and does what they're told
so I'm stunned by the level of Red Scare
menace that's being pushed right now in
the United States and has been since the
election are is it mind-blowing to you
or am I overreacting
no I just think it's absurd I mean I
they can't really afford to do too much
I mean they're they're their GDP is like
one tenth of arts so I mean you know
it's insane to think that they could
actually threaten us on any scale I mean
so why are we I looked at it this way
when when we were spreading NATO into
the into the Latvia Lithuania Estonia
and in Poland and then NATO was moving
into the Ukraine and so on well they
were they were violating verbal
agreements that we had when the Soviet
Union broke up that under when the
Ukraine was transferring all their
nuclear weapons to Russia to manage they
were the agreement was that NATO
wouldn't spread any further east and
especially not into the Ukraine I mean
because Russia the Black Sea Fleet
headquarters is in the Crimea that's a
major facility for them and they did
they
give that to a NATO country you know
they would want to keep track of that so
doing that is treating them like an
adversary so if you treat people like
adverse aids they tend to act that way
my thought at the time was if you're
going to invite Ukraine into NATO also
invite Russia into NATO and now we're
all in the same team you know it's not a
question of now we're treating them like
an adversary we're no longer doing it
they're a part of us then so they're
inclusive we're being inclusive not
exclusive force so there was a Russian
reset that was that came from the top of
the government in the United States and
the Russian reset meaning we're gonna
reset our relationships with Russia and
we're actually gonna be in partnership
with them in fact they tried to build
they tried to help them build up their
Silicon Valley outside of the Moscow and
they had people from our Silicon Valley
trying to help I mean this would happen
correct well but you can also look at it
as a way of infiltrating their
communication system because that can
help us put implants and stuff like that
in their network but also you can you
can look at also about the diplomatic
moves by the u.s. to do regime change in
the Ukraine if you recall Yahtzee for a
guy
it was our our way of saying we want
yachts to be the president of the
Ukraine anyone in fact that was none of
our business we should have stayed out
of that so that was just another threat
that they proceeded to be be treating
like a threat and so I try to remind
people that Russia spends roughly about
sixty five billion dollars a year on
their military which doesn't even come
to one of our supplemental budgets for
our work so I mean we're spending seven
hundred billion dollars a year on our
military they're spending as pittance
compared and yet everybody's running
around with their hair on fire inside
the United States that the rush is
somehow gonna take over our country
they're hacking our democracy they're
running and I try to remind people the
reason why we don't have Medicare for
all or free college or a living wage is
is because not because of Russia it's
because of what's happening right now
they're passing a tax bill nobody in the
country wants that's got nothing to do
with Russia that's got to do with people
right inside the United States who want
to screw over the United States right I
mean we our worst enemies I mean look
what we did with terrorism we created a
false statement where you had to give up
privacy food security and oh by the way
you've got to spend tens of billions of
dollars more every year they keep that
going that was the first swindle okay
that I called the second swindle was
cyber security where they had all these
weaknesses that they knew in bulk seven
involved eight and also in the NSA and
GCHQ and the comprised they knew about
all these weaknesses that they used to
penetrate and see what everybody was
saying and doing but they never fixed
them so that meant we were all
vulnerable that means we had no
cybersecurity so then when we get a
cybersecurity attack they say we need
more money for cybersecurity well why
don't you fix the problems you already
know about and if you do that maybe
we'll have some cybersecurity then if we
get attacked then sure we'll give you
some more money otherwise no you know
and now this is the third attempt at a
swindle steep the threat of an external
threat Russia they're big the red board
or something
keep that threat going so we can swindle
the other more money for a new Cold War
that's what this is right so that's Wow
so that's exactly what's all about money
follow the money so what happened with
the war on terror it's the beautiful was
less such a gift to the
military-industrial complex because if
we have a war on terror well terror is
not a state it's not a nation you can't
defeat terror that's a tactic so we'll
be forever just like Orwell said I mean
here we are you're confirming my
suspicions that this is all about we
need an enemies so cuz we need to keep
spending on the military and who runs
our our military foreign policy there's
about ten companies that run our foreign
policy right maybe about the team okay
so that's what this is all about then
bill it's all about a big money big
money cash right yes and and also to
keep the well once you build up an
empire like that you have to sustain it
that requires more and more funding you
know it's not and they have to have
something to do so that means you have
to have a war to hear they're just to
keep things going so people would say
average people who are too busy working
two and three jobs to pay attention to
the minutiae of stuff like this the
go wait a minute I turn on the news and
I see Rachel Maddow telling me that
Russia Russia Russia and that Trump's a
traitor and so why would she say that if
it's the government can spare what she
go along with it because it's an it's a
narrative that they because I think the
Democrats want to create that narrative
and get it believed to be true so that
they can associate the Russian
collaboration with the Trump
administration and then get grounds for
impeachment I agree I agree that's what
it is it's trumped arrangement now I
think I heard you say this that there's
there's a lot of people who are pushing
this Russia gate narrative that are
overly emotionally invested in the
outcome right is that is that is okay go
ahead yeah and a lot of it is the
emotional reaction to President Trump
and the way when he operates with
Twitter and so on right yeah and what he
says they didn't Twitter I guess people
get upset at their I mean if he says
anything I think people get upset I
don't know you know I can't distinguish
what's significant what isn't anymore
because everything he says they
objective so it's like good well I was
just gonna say they even now they're
trying to say he's mentally deranged or
mentally unstable well let's see if I
review the bidding that the Hillary
Clinton had going in I mean she wanted
to she was one who helped to advocate
for destabilizing your Libya getting rid
of Qaddafi they she also wanted to
destabilize Syria and she advocated the
war in for the war in Iraq and
Afghanistan in fact under the Obama
administration the the droning spread
into Yemen and other four other
countries so you know what is Trump done
to expand the military actions I do you
know I don't know anything comparable so
I looked at her as they really a war
monger yeah well she is a war monger if
you know everyone wants to did deny it
that's why she do she didn't beat Barack
Obama the first time is because and I
have to tell Democrats that I'm old
enough to remember what being for the
Iraq war was a disqualifier in the
Democratic primary that's how old I am
but now it's just now it's just
something that's all you got is supposed
to forget about it I wanted also by what
she did with Bernie Sanders with in
collaboration with the DNC
I mean that was a that was a I mean she
knocked out somebody who could have most
likely won yes most likely won yes well
