hi everybody welcome with a jimmy dore
show i'm here with the inimitable
katie helper ladies and gentleman she's
a comic writer blogger satirist a
filmmaker based in new york this is a
great intro we have for you her writing
and videos have appeared in the New York
Times Comedy Central the Nation magazine
Gawker nerve jezebel Huffington Post
alternate and most recently in there was
at the Daily News right the only news
that's old I got to update that Daily
News vice Rolling Stone oh my god taste
all the time Andrew the host of the
Katie Halper show that's my big thing
because you've been on it the big things
I've been on that called the Katie
Helper show it's an awesome podcast
thank you
alright so I thank you for being here
Katie we're gonna talk a little bit
about my favorite tweet of the last
couple weeks is Hillary Clinton there it
is right so this is horrible this is
Hillary Clinton still this is Hillary
Clinton still still still not letting go
of the 2016 election that she lost to a
political novice last game show host
okay and that's what this is okay so
this is them trying to not have you
examine the system that gave us Hillary
and Trump but be distracted and think
that our all our problems are caused by
another country and her prescription for
this is to say our intelligence
professionals are imploring Trump to act
imploring oh please mr. Trump bomb
someone please mr. Trump won't you we
are the intelligence community what have
we ever gotten wrong except everything
and there she is and will he continue to
ignore and surrender or protect our
country now to me that is attacking
Donald Trump from the right that is
telling Donald Trump that he has to be
more muscular in his response to a
nuclear power instead of practicing day
taunt that is her trying to literally
saber-rattling up World War 3 to cover
for her unbelievable failure because
she's an unbelievable failure anybody
who loses the donald trump a political
novice and the presidency is an
unbelievable failure that's how
repulsive she is to half the country
that she lost
to Donald Trump a political novice Katie
what do you say about this tweet well I
mean it's every now and then I have this
fantasy that she's actually a subversive
smart person who's a self-parody
a kind of neo neocon ish neoliberal con
she's not just a neoliberal and by that
I mean that her foreign policy stances
are pretty hawkish but it's it's so
funny because referring to the Russians
are coming right which is this movie
from the 60s which is making fun of kind
of the Red Scare and hysteria is it's
just so out of touch on her part and
again unless she's actually being
someone who's actually like pointing at
her own note like she's like a plant
right what if this whole time she's a
plant just to just to expose the
hypocrisy and danger of American
liberalism but we don't think she's that
no I think that she's actually a Russian
puppet because let's remember when you
fix a boxing match you don't pay the
winner I pay the loser that's how you
fix a boxing match so maybe she didn't
go to Wisconsin because someone paid her
you know it's funny I just looked at
this guess who's in that I was looking
to film up the Russian the Russians are
coming so there's a movie yeah there's a
movie called the Russians are coming
which was a comedy made in the 60s
called the Russians are coming and here
she is the Russians are still coming
it's called the Russians are coming the
Russians are coming and usually when
people refer to that I didn't even know
it was a movie I kind of thought it was
a movie but the expression the Russians
are coming I've only heard in the
context of mocking Red Scare hysteria
and like russophobia so it is a 1966
film comedy film directed by Norm
Jewison I can say that because I'm
Jewish
it sounds I'm Semitic it's based on the
Nathaniel Benchley novel the off
Islanders almost adapted for the screen
by William Rose the film depicts the
chaos following the grounding of the
Soviet submarine crypt pronounced
root and meaning octopus
often small New England Island during
the Cold War the film stars Carl Reiner
even resync t' Alan Arkin in his first
major film role Brian Keith Theodore
Michael Bickle Jonathan winters and Paul
Ford but it's interesting because Carl
Reiner is in it and of course Carl
Reiner son minor it's the biggest rush
of phobic you think this is a
documentary Rob Reiner
you must think his dad started in a
documentary because Rob Reiner is such I
mean this is embarrassing he founded an
organization or foundation that looks
into Russia stuff that's just ridiculous
it's also sad it's like I did all the
things that the right-wing used to say
about liberals being smug and incited an
outrage
oh my god yeah so that's that's Rob
Reiner not having a real problem in the
world
so if Rob Reiner had a real problem in
the world meaning he couldn't afford his
prescriptions or he couldn't he was
under a mountain of student debt or he
wasn't know how he's gonna pay for his
kids college or his kids diabetes or his
parents needed care and the old folks
any of he had any trouble whatsoever if
his job got outsourced or a fee if he
had any trouble whatsoever he would be
talking about something else he would be
talking about an actual problem instead
what he's talking about is Donald Trump
which excites the lizard brain and in
his head and that's all this is and then
he throws his rational thinking skills
out the window so here is that movie
here if the Russians are coming the
Russians are coming they say it
mockingly and then here it's a plot to
make the world die laughing that's all
right so what I record it was a Bernie
bro by the way I know Rob was the
Hillary that's right just saying sorry
and I tweeted about the person who
committed the biggest election fraud in
US history should maybe shut the up
while for a while before calling for
World War 3 to cover for being such a
shitty politician that she lost to a
political novice last game show host
so people are so she's still pushing
this narrative that what lost her the
election I couldn't possibly lose it was
it had to be another country somehow
tricked everyone here's what really
threw the election there's actual
election fraud happening New York Daily
News Board of Elections will admit it
purged more than 200,000 voters
the city rolls isn't that amazing here
is after many Brooklyn residents arrived
at the polls during last year's
presidential primary to learn they were
deemed ineligible to vote the good
government group common cause New York
filed suit and state attorney General
Eric Schneiderman and the Brooklyn US
Attorney's Office joined into the
litigation that's great so somebody's
gonna go to jail that's awesome so we're
gonna find out who did this why they did
it we're gonna have an open court you're
gonna have to we're gonna get to
question them in open court it's gonna
be awesome we're gonna find out what who
was really behind this and who's really
trying to undermine our elections right
because this is definite Sneiderman said
that the city's Board of Elections
illegally purged over two hundred
thousand New Yorkers from the rolls
violating the law and New Yorkers trust
in the institutions meant to protect
their rights all men heads are gonna
roll I love this Snider means on it
that's actual fraud two hundred thousand
people illegally kicked off that's a big
deal
this isn't Twitter BOTS or trophy or
Facebook memes this isn't a pretend
someone hacked your email and this is
real that actually happened everyone's
admitting that happened two hundred
thousand people that's voter fraud right
that's election fraud that's what that
is but rather than slug it out in a
Brooklyn federal court wait a minute the
sides have been working in our a
settlement what a settlement no this is
supposed to be a criminal investigation
you just said they broke the law they
undermined the integrity of our election
on purpose and I want to cook I want a
hearing in open court to find out why
the they did that and who did it
sorry not gonna get it Eric Schneiderman
is gonna do it all in secret he's a big
Hillary person yeah they're gonna do it
all in secret your government is still
working against you your government is
still you over but Hillary
Clinton wants you to get mad at another
country and here it is right in your
face collusion at the tippy top of
government to you over it's not the
Russians it's not the Saudis it's not
Israel
this is good old you Americans right
here in America that's a Democrat Eric
Schneiderman decides oh we're gonna work
it out a settlement a settlement no
you're supposed to go to goddamn jail
Eric Schneiderman you phony New
York City's Board of Elections will
acknowledge it broke the law and be
making serious changes in its practices
according to the proposed settlement of
a legal fight over the purge of more
than two hundred thousand when is this
from now a proposed PAC slated for if
this is from yesterday's paper now a
proposed PAC slated for filing Wednesday
would make met would mandate reforms in
the city's election agency the terms
include this is what they've negotiated
you ready for this
the terms include the Board of Elections
acknowledging it broke state and federal
law with the purge why did they do that
I don't want them to acknowledge it I
want you to prosecute them for it Eric
Schneiderman I don't want you to dick we
all know they did it I want you to
prosecute them for it you phony
I want apology all the people who said
that people even questioning what
happened here were conspiracy theorists
and loons and tinfoil hat people because
that was one of the most like there was
so much gas lighting during the
primaries and so much making people like
shaming people or attempted shaming
people and god I'm having a flashback to
how much it happened and and all these
people who pretended again to be male
allies or feminists or anti races and
all they would they would talk
especially these straight white men
sorry Jimmy but I'm making a larger
point that's gonna help you and your
your your demographics all these
straight white men who were claiming to
be you know support Hillary for the
right reasons and and criticized Sanders
for the right reasons because he was a
truck for those races and she was a woke
you know Beyonce fan they would talk to
me and other women and people of color
in such condescending ways and such
gaslighting ways like okay the era used
to be so so sad to watch what's happened
to you you've become so unhinged
you become so small sad I saw John Wall
say that yeah yeah what did she I think
you're terrific yeah yeah she was like I
hope I hope what was wrong we come
through whatever this thing is idea
terrific yeah yeah um but no you just
it's true and it's just so that's so in
terms of what we're we're you're
demanding you're saying I don't want
this I want them to be prosecuted I
think another thing we should demand is
all these people who said that people
questioning what happened are conspiracy
theorists Oh us an apology Oh everyone
an apology not gonna hold my breath the
terms include the board of election and
mousing it broke the state and state and
federal law but again if you it's good
thing while they were purging illegally
200,000 people in violation of state and
federal law off the voting rolls the
good thing they weren't selling loosies
also in front of their campaign polling
places and they would have been killed
because then they could have got choked
out and broad daylight and nobody would
give a but you just do that without
selling so then it's okay Eric
Schneiderman is here to save you we're
gonna we're not gonna we're not gonna
battle it out in court what battle it
out that's what you're supposed to just
with prosecute people you jagoff and
scrutinizing every voter registration
removed since July 2013 that's part of
their that's what they're gonna do
they're gonna scrutinize every voter
registration reboot oh that's not
fantastic little late another term is
the board devising a plan in 90 days for
the maintenance of voter rolls okay
would overhaul New York City's Board of
Elections practices for maintaining
voter rolls ensuring that the issues
that led to the purges are addressed
what are those issues again we're not
out in court so we don't know what
happened nobody gets to cross-examine
anybody and establishing frequent
monitoring and oversight okay okay okay
so if you don't prosecute this what that
does is guarantee it will happen again
that's what this means if you don't
prosecute torture it means it's going to
happen again it's happening right now so
that's what part of why you prosecute
crimes isn't only to punish the person
who did it but it's a deterrent so it
doesn't happen again
teachable moment it's yes a teachable
moment so let's finish this he says my
office this is Eric Schneiderman my
office will continue to protect all
voters access to the polls and continue
to fight and expand voting rights and if
someone violates those rights again I'm
not going to prosecute them because
they're doing it at the behest of the
establishment which is what I'm trying
to prop up
that's Eric Schneiderman that's Eric
Schneiderman phony and he's working
against you he looks like he's trying to
do the right thing he's not he's not
doing the right thing he's doing the
opposite this is a smokescreen
am I being hyperbolic Katie no I'm
actually I'm surprised but not surprised
that I haven't heard about this oh you
haven't heard about ow oh good I'm glad
I could no I'm serious yeah and so I'm
looking it up I mean it's I've been a
little out of the news but it also it
should be a big ordeal but that's always
what happens it's like it's not as big
of a deal because it's conflicting right
this is gonna get the press this isn't
gonna get the press that that the
Russian Hillary's Russia agar coming
tweets gonna get and here okay so so
this is yeah so this is what the
establishment doesn't want you to be
talking about and when they do talk
about it they want you to think like we
took care of it
look how we fixed it Derick Snyderman
got out it made sure no one got in
trouble for it
yeah I'm Barry it's barely coming up I'm
trying to find it now did anybody even
lose their job over this so this is
actually from October of 2017 I'm
showing you this to show you what the
real problem there's real voter
suppression happening in America there's
real election tampering happening in
America and it's not the goddamn
Russians you know today I don't know if
you Greg Palast the cross-check 113 Oh a
hundred thousand people in Michigan
didn't put it didn't fill in their
ballot for president did you know that
they voted for other stuff but not
president did you know that did you know
that I just heard about this recently a
hundred thousand people left it blank
and man again they don't talk about that
but it was those thirteen Twitter trolls
it wasn't the two hundred thousand
people and where else did this happen
where else that stuff like this happened
goal by Arizona there's something right
look what they did in Arizona look at
the blatant cheating they were doing
there it's so embarrassing because even
if let's just say for for argument's
sake that all of the things that they're
saying the Russians the Russians did was
true what's the take away what do we do
about that
compared to what we do about the role of
Hillary Clinton's campaign the role of
the DNC right what do people want okay
let's just say the Russians played a big
role in it now what we want Donald Trump
to go fight take us to war right against
Putin that's right I mean and so clearly
if the Dems were at all smart and they
wanted to use Russia to detract and
deflect from their own role they'd be
smarter about it they would pretend to
care at all about what they had done
pretend to be looking at what they had
done and then include what happens
Russia in kind of the many read the many
things that they need to look at and
assess in order to win future elections
but their failure to look at anything
that they did makes it so transparent
that they're using Russia to deflect yet
well Katie why look back at what
happened and how we got Trump I mean you
know the old saying if you don't learn
from history you're bound to win in 2020
exactly those who don't learn from
history are condemned to do really well
in the midterms so this I want to show
you so that that's the real problem but
here's what they want here's Jennifer
Palmieri my god this is Hillary
Clinton's communication director she
just literally just tweeted this out a
few days ago it's 26th of February she
did delete it she says you guys I just
got into an unmarked gypsy cab in San
Francisco Airport with the Russian
driver if I disappear it's a tan Lincoln
Continental now just insert you yeah a
total yeah insert Mexican Chinese insert
try and insert anything else except
Russian so this is what they want you to
do they want you to again be distracted
oh and now it by the way now it's okay
to be completely xenophobic about
Russians and that's it that's the
communicate do you see how how to touch
these people the people who aren't the
comms people say they just call them
some major slur right this is like the
cleaned-up version yeah this is the this
she did she send this to herself
oh right think um so the lower people in
the campaign tweeted out just got into
an unmarked gypsy cab with a San
Francisco Airport with some dirty ruse
exactly right yeah that's it so then she
goes oh my god I made it I judged
unfairly can you imagine saying that hey
I'm getting into a cab with a Muslim guy
wonder if he's gonna chop my head off if
he's Asian he's got a turban on could be
bad and just imagine that but but Trump
is the racist right Trump is the guy
who's out of bounds of polite society
but Jennifer Palmeiras she's not out of
Bounce of polite society she's not a man
yet now you know why Hillary Clinton
want lost yeah now do you know why she
had to cheat to beat a no-name senator
who was freaking 76 years old now do you
know why should a cheat to win that
because these are the brainiacs inside
of her campaign they're the biggest
losers in the history of the world and
the only thing they can do after they
lose to a novice is juice xenophobia and
take their heels and more and claim
claim that their that they were right
and either they were wrong then which we
know they were or they're wrong
like if they don't acknowledge that they
were wrong then and they're not then why
should we trust them now right like
redeem themselves or um the thing that's
interesting about pommy era is that she
said shortly after the inauguration of
