having buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show I'm here with Rob flick owner the
miserable liberal stuffs at Murano hi
I'm miserable howdy howdy howdy howdy
well ed Schultz has died and that was
unexpected we were actually in in
contact with him to get him booked on
the show we were yes we were trading
e-mails back and forth we were just
about to nail down a date mm-hmm I
really like that guy
me too I really like that chills you
know what I really liked about him was
that he told the truth and to the point
where he was willing to get fired for it
so if you know anything about ed Schultz
he was very strong on the TPP comcast's
I mean he was strong against the TPP
Comcast wanted the TPP so there was
friction between him and MSNBC through
that plus he wanted to cover Bernie
Sanders and they wouldn't allow him in
fact what we're gonna get to that point
here's how I was mnb the MSNBC covered
his death we also want to take a moment
now to mark the sudden passing of our
former MSNBC colleague ed Schultz at
anchor the edge show on MSNBC from 2009
to 2015 he was a firebrand voice of the
progressive left and the working class
starting each show with his signature
phrase let's get to work he began his
broadcasting career in 1982 as a sports
cop first of all Edie Schultz is one of
those guys I could never picture as
young right and then we see a picture of
Mary like holy crap and even there he
didn't look that young even though he's
I think he's 8 years old in that picture
and so he still looked he had the Keith
Richards thing here he was still looking
now he was did you know he was actually
a star quarterback no yes really in high
school in college Oh College yeah that's
huge
ok yeah I didn't know that until I
started because until this mm-hmm
tater in North Dakota later hosting a
conservative political talk radio
program but rose to national prominence
as a liberal radio talk-show host our
friend and colleague ed Schultz was 64
so that you know that's a very neutral
obituary for him on MSNBC of course what
they not mentioning they're not
mentioning why it was fired they're not
mentioning where he went to work after
MSNBC mm-hmm which was Artie now maybe
MSNBC doesn't want to mention that
because they feel it would tarnish them
because here's one of their guys who had
a show on their network for years and
then he leaves and goes to Artie
so you guys were you guys were paying
for a Putin puppet to be on your network
maybe that's why you don't mean cuz no I
think that's a pretty good yeah I think
that's a pretty good guess yeah kind of
try to pretend it doesn't exist so
they're the ones pushing the propaganda
that there's a communist or there isn't
no they're not even communist anymore
that's the weird thing
there we don't even hate the Radiology
because there's they're they're crappy
crony capitalist just like we are in the
United States now over in Russia so we
just don't like them cuz they're Russian
or that I'm just now I'm saying we I'm
saying the propaganda is that somehow
they're our enemy they're they're our
enemy again even though Barack Obama
said that was the 80s foreign policy to
Mitt Romney somehow they're right backs
back being our Cold War enemy again mm
yeah we need a scapegoat so lesson let's
brush the dust off this one yes please
exactly what happened exactly what
happened so the establishment couldn't
stand losing to Donald Trump and they
create so my point is that they don't
mention him going to RT and I also
watched Chris Hayes or I didn't watch it
Steph you watched Chris Hayes his
obituary of Ed Schultz now he didn't
mention why he was fired nope there was
no mention of that and did he and did he
mention Bernie Sanders not being allowed
to be covered by nothing no okay
did he mention his stint over at RT yes
and yes they did mention that okay and I
know another MSNBC show earlier in the
morning like at 2:00 a.m. they mentioned
that he is was working for the Kremlin
the creme the Kremlin broadcasting
studio of artis unlike the Kremlin
demented the creme the Kremlin that's
like saying if they work dead bet
the BBC oh it works for the Buckingham
Palace
it's the BBC it's right in there British
Broadcasting Company RT Russia
television we know you don't have to say
Kremlin worked for the CREP you work for
Buckingham Palace so you see how stupid
that sounds
we work for the Comcast fact MSNBC yeah
that's way better yeah who's the
chairperson of Comcast what's what's his
house and what is it named anyway so so
what they don't tell you obviously is
why he got fired and what they won't
tell you is what he said about it and
here it is this is yes I want to make
this very clear and I hope your audience
consumes this there was more oversight
and more direction given to me on
content at MSNBC than there ever has
been here at RT and I think so I know a
lot of people it's very popular to bash
people who have shows on RT right now
because the United States government and
the establishment is engaged in a
propaganda war against Russia right now
so we're doing that cold war thing again
like Ron said we're dusting it off and
but the truth is guys like Ed Schultz
weren't allowed to tell his truth in
America on corporate television in
America so we had to find another outlet
and he found our tea which a lot of
people a lot of great Patriots are on
there Larry King has a show on RT and
shields has a show on RT Chris Chris
Hedges hasn't show on our teacher who
got who got who got fired by the New
York Times because he told the truth
about the Iraq war you know who doesn't
get fired by the New York Times the
people who lied about the Iraq war is
that fantastic so I just want I just so
in here he isn't saying that I've worked
in I've worked in an American television
and
I work for RT in American television and
I'm getting given way more editorial
freedom at RT but of course that's not
the that's not the propaganda that
doesn't help their narrative their
narrative is that we have a boogeyman
that's responsible for Donald Trump
instead of our neoliberal
system that's responsible for Donald
Trump so it couldn't be us it has to be
we have to find a scapegoat which they
did and here's him saying you know
actually this scapegoat gives me much
more editorial freedom than goddamn
corporate comcast MSNBC who fires people
if they tell the truth about the war or
the TPP over what a cover Burton well
he's gonna tell you about Bernie Sanders
right then it's very sad that that story
is not getting out
I think it's many times I was told with
the lead with on MSNBC many times I was
told what I was not going to do and I've
got a story that had I not been involved
in it I would have never believed it and
Phil Griffin who I consider a friend to
this day was was a watchdog far more
than anything I am exposed to here at RT
America did he tell you what to say did
he tell you an angle the tape often in
fact when Bernie Sanders was announcing
that he was going to be a candidate for
the nomination of the Democratic Party
in Burlington Vermont I was the only
cable host between Fox MSNBC and CNN
that was there live to cover it now
there were live cameras there but we had
coordinated with the Sanders campaign
that at 5 o'clock he was going to make
his announcement and we were going to
cover this on the edge show I go to
Bernie Sanders house that afternoon an
interview in the back yard about a 15
minute interview the grandkids are
running around it's a big day for the
Sanders family he's going to announce
that he's running for president we're
going to carry it live later on in the
day and we're going to run this one on
tape with Bernie 3000 people are there
on Lake champagne it's five minutes to
air and I get a phone call from Phil
Griffin you're not covering this I said
Phil Bernie Sanders is announcing he's
running for president he's going to be
President I don't care you're not
covering this and it got rather
contentious yes I don't well now you're
asking me for opinion I'm giving you
fact right now about what happened and
other people who were there with me will
attest the fact and back me up that this
is what happened we were told that we
had to cover something down in Texas
that was totally meaningless and another
press conference in Baltimore which was
in already had been in the news for a
few days we're covering Bernie Sanders
live we're coordinated with his campaign
and I'm told five minutes before you're
not covering Bernie Sanders now let me
give you the opinion I think the
Clintons were connected to Andy lack
connected at the hip I think that they
didn't want anybody in their prime time
or any anywhere in their lineup
supporting Bernie Sanders I think that
they were in the tank for Hillary
Clinton and I think it was managed and
45 days later I was out at MSNBC so
that's the story you're not gonna hear
that's the story they're not by the way
even if Chris Hayes wanted to tell us
about it he's not allowed to
so if Chris Hayes wanted to tell us
about this story he's not allowed to
Chris Hayes is a tool he's bought and
paid for he's told what to cover what
not to cover just like all of them are
and the minute Chris Hayes said
something that caused Comcast a nickel
they were fire his ass just like they
fired him and Chris Hayes doesn't have
the balls to tell you that and I don't
know if I would if I was him if I was
getting 30,000 dollars a day to push
corporate I probably I probably
wouldn't I probably wouldn't what would
you like me to say okay let's go here's
the news here's all the news that's have
been approved by Andy lack here it is so
that's what they're not gonna tell you
and what what this does is it outs and
NBC News as being a fraud
they are fraud they're not news to
propaganda just like Fox News is
propaganda CNN pretty much propaganda so
that's what they are they do give you
news too but I'm the important stuff
it's really propaganda what are the
important things Jimmy will progressive
politics war the war machine health care
politics in general propaganda over at
MSNBC so there was a long time I
defended MSNBC and it was the Bernie
Sanders campaign that really opened my
eyes to just how corrupted they were
although there were there were signs all
over the place they fired phil donahue
for being against the war MSNBC Ashleigh
Banfield
Genki auger was a little too progressive
they had they wanted to get rid of him
he left because they were gonna screw a
show over and put him on the weekend
they fired Ed Schultz my bill who else
am I missing am I missing anyone that
they got rid of recently so so if you're
against us so that's so that's what that
is an NBC Chuck Todd tries to pretend
like they're a real news organization
Chuck Todd never finish college going to
find out what kind of organization Fox
News is today says Chuck Todd no serious
news organization would allow someone
this conflicted to cover this story so
he's talking about someone else having a
conflict of interest over at Fox to
cover the story and I think he was
referring to Sean Hannity covering
Donald Trump mm-hm and all the stuff
about the lawyer and they shadow so
that's what this was about
and no turns out turns out Chuck Todd
and chills just revealed that what kind
of a organization NBC News is it's a
completely corrupted corporate captured
bought and paid for propaganda outlet
that's what NBC News is and I've known
that since Brian Williams used to bring
on generals to give a pro-war points of
view during the Iraq war and never told
anybody that they were being paid by
defense contractors that's how I know
what kind
of organization NBC News's there a
propaganda organization and that's why I
tweeted that Todd Chuck Todd why did NBC
News fire feel down on you again hashtag
the more you know of course Chuck Todd
will never respond to that because
they're all lying bullshitters and even
sometimes they don't even know that they
are
that's how synthetic they are go ahead I
was gonna say Chuck Todd didn't respond
because he doesn't know the answer like
I really don't yeah I don't think he's
he's not convinced about climate change
yet right Chuck Todd and then someone
else the broken carpenter chimed in
Chuck Todd seems to forget Chelsea
Clinton's $600,000 entry-level job and
NBC News or quiz Cuomo covering Mario
and all the retired generals with
consulting contracts yes that is what
Chuck Todd is forgetting also underneath
Chuck Todd hosting a party for Jennifer
Palmieri before the primary being the
except I guess that's okay but so we so
again Chuck Todd and NBC and MSNBC
complete propaganda and it doesn't take
a smart person to see through it because
I see through it someone as dumb as me
this stuff comes flat like a stone
sticks out like a sore thumb yeah Chuck
Todd is a berate actor doing a good job
playing a news reporter Jimmy I know you
wanted to know as another anchor was
yeah Melissa harris-perry
they were changing her airtime but she
also said that editorial freedom right
she was upset about that as well yes
that they got rid of Melissa
harris-perry even though I had my
problems with her too hey I had my
problems with her and the way she
covered Edward Snowden for sure but she
definitely was too little too
progressive for MSNBC which is why they
get rid of her and replayed and and it
was right at that I don't could be rub
but they're much more so they got rid of
a woman of color and who did they
replace her with they brought in like
three right-wingers wasn't that right
when they hired greta van susteren but
really hired her yeah well and that was
like part of their branding yeah they
were going right-wing yeah they were
going far they getting rid of their
lefties like Melissa harris-perry
and we're gonna go righty and they hired
oh my god they hired
the guy from the rate that Trump used to
always make fun of Hugh Hewitt
they hired granite Van Susteren and they
hired another third right winger but
wasn't anyway forget who was but doesn't
matter it wasn't George Will right hey
please make sure you subscribed even if
you think you are you probably are it
only takes a second to check and then
click that bell to make sure you get a
notice every time we drop a video they
won't they won't tell you every time
anyway but it's the only thing we can do
to fight back against the bastard so
please make sure you're subscribed and
click that Bell and our next live show
is July 15th in Chicago and after that
July 27th in Burbank California special
guests on that show Abby Martin and if
you could become a patron that would be
fantastic we give you hours of bonus
material every week thanks for your
support
[Music]
