everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
we have a special guest from the zero
hour it's our jsk ladies and gentlemen
how are you buddy I'm doing great
good I'll see you now you were a former
speechwriter for Bernie Sanders yeah I
was the writer for the presidential
campaign yeah okay all right so you've
got that's something that's a nice
feather in your cap to have and what I'm
glad you're here today because I want to
talk about kind of what's happening to
the left the left media yeren left media
also doing the zero hour and also I'm
here with this miserable liberal stuff
Zamorano hi Steph Jimmy I'm miserable
okay so I'd like to remind people I've
been playing this clip a lot just to
remind people who is pushing Russia gate
and who is wanting to distract you from
the real problems that's happening today
and who would that be well let's see who
that is
director Kenan is pointed out secretary
Powell presented evidence last week that
Baghdad has failed to disarm its weapons
of mass destruction willfully attempting
to evade and deceive the international
community our particular concern is that
Saddam Hussein may supply terrorists
with biological chemical or radiological
material so that was his concern his
concern was that Saddam Hussein was
gonna be given weapons to terrorists and
it wasn't that we were lying to our
country endure illegal war we were gonna
kill hundred a thousand that wasn't his
concern he had it so I just want like to
read my people who that is or his
concern might have been not what he said
his concern was he might have had
another concern that he didn't express
haha so that's who brought but I just
want to remind me but that's who robbed
of you that's who the people like Rob
Reiner and MSNBC are propping up right
now that guy has some kind of guy with
integrity or anything he's the head of a
spy organization who helped lie us into
a war so just don't don't forget that's
in the FBI there's such good friends of
progressive organizations aren't they
Richard you know whenever I look for a
good ally for the
I go to the FBI I have through American
history I think you'll always find the
left has never had a firmer friend and a
further friend than the yes the J Edgar
Hoover so here's Rachel Maddow and she
was toasting our Trump is meeting with
North Korea so now we've also this is a
problem of the left media and the left
in general is that they're attacking
Trump from the right right meaning when
he so he's for de talked with Russia
they're like no you better be tough
saber-rattling to show you're not in a
red and you gotta be oh he bombed Syria
but he didn't bomb him hard enough in
Syria you've heard that right right
right
hi I'm not making that up a lot of
people on the Left are saying oh sure he
bombed an empty runway in Syria they do
that like I so what that's called is
attacking Trump from the right is if you
were a right winger that's how
right-wingers attack someone left
wingers don't attack someone for not
escalating war especially with a with a
nuclear power
so here's Rachel Maddow now Trump who
was all fire and fury with North Dakota
are you remember when he said fire in
fury with North Dakota
everybody was like what a maniac that
guy's such a maniac and he's got his
finger on the nuclear but it's too he's
too much of a maniac you know what
really convinced me that Trump was a
maniac when Gaddafi was killed and he
said we Came we saw he died that was
such a maniacal Oh wait what was that
again that wasn't him oh so my bad so
now these same people who say he's a
maniac and shouldn't be saying fire in
fury and ratcheting up tensions with
North Korea nuclear power they then
voted to give him an extra eighty
billion dollars a year for bombs and war
and then they voted to expand his
surveillance state capabilities those
same people who said he's a none inch
maniac and now now here's Rachel Maddow
to tell us that he was wrong when he
escalated with North Korea saying fire
and fury but turns out even when he
wants date odds and peace with a Norfolk
Oh North Carolina Court North Dakota
North Korea here's here's what she says
now you tell me first of all if any of
what she says you can to even understand
what she's saying here we go well say
that last point that andrew is making in
terms of what
the North Koreans still have to prove
with various tests and everything I mean
it has been the dream of North Korean
leaders for decades now that they would
advance their missile programs and there
were nuclear programs so much so that
the United States would be forced to
acknowledge them as an equal and to meet
with the North Korean leader one on one
with the US president they they got
there with this president and I'm not
sure I'm not I don't know whether or not
the administration intended it to be
that kind of a gift it's just a
remarkable time to be covering this
stuff especially as poorly as you're
covering it Rachel it's remarkable to
see a road scholar pretend she doesn't
know what she's doing doing almost
probably worse than Sean Hannity because
Sean Hannity didn't go to college and
you're a Rhodes Scholar and you're
ratcheting up war you are now attacking
the President of the United States for
not being more bellicose in his dealings
with with other unhinged nuclear powers
that's what you're directed right now
you are smearing the president's as
somehow screwing up by having a meeting
with another nuclear power to try to
ratchet down tensions right now so now
again the only way so this is the kind
of stuff Sean Hannity would do with
Barack Obama when he wanted to have
negotiations with Iran remember that
remembers the George Bush administration
we don't talk to our enemies remember
that thing remember all that remember
and we all we really killed George Bush
for that Richard do you remember how we
really killed George Bush and all the
for saying remember that was their
policy we don't they our enemies have to
first meet these conditions before we'll
even talk to them do you remember the
night of course and we who ridiculed
that people on the left right right
right including probably Rachel Maddow
tomato yeah
look it's insane to me liberal see I you
know do you remember those bumper
stickers from the 80s and war is not
healthy for children and other living
things that was like the art type of
Liberal Democratic bumper sticker right
now they put another sticker under that
says unless we tell the president is a
Republican then yeah then we want to
push war every chance we get and the
hell were the children and other living
things because we have a different
agenda now exactly right it's they've
completely flipped out
although they again they didn't feel
that way with Bush they wanted Bush to
do less war they want Trump to do more
war and they completely were not even
discussing how much war Barack Obama was
leading us and ever no never never
talked about that they never did any
hand wringing over that and so what
Rachel Maddow saying is hey you know
Trump is a knee-jerk reaction area with
no sense of consequence and he's got his
hand on the nuclear button what do you
say we attack him for not being
aggressive enough that's what she's
doing yeah but you know there's a
through-line to all of this from Muller
to Rachel talk to to The Clapper report
on Russian involved what's the through
line and the through line is that the
national security state wins the
national security state heads they win
tails you lose because here we go again
ramping up war ramping up tensions with
Russia ramping up tensions with North
Korea so we're gonna spend more on on
intelligence technology we're gonna
spend more on military technology the
military-industrial / national security
complex is always going to come out on
top
the left is always going to be crushed
even if it takes liberals to do it and
they're playing right along with it are
the new McCarthyism and everything else
there Richard you sound like you've been
watching this show because that's what
we've been trying to warn people that
McCarthyism red-baiting
and has always been used to silence the
left and it's being used to silence the
left right now so if you are now anti
Syrian war you're now considered fake
news and they're trying to take your
videos down people want to get you
kicked off of platforms if you're a
writer people from Mother Jones we're
advocating kicking off anti Syrian war
writers off the medium so that's how bad
it's gotten and people don't realize
that that's actually what's happening
there they're literally throttling
places like Truthout TruthDig
alternate common dreams they're
throttling our show they've changed
their algorithms and that's Google
dueling that so who owns YouTube Google
so they're doing that they want it if
you have a dissenting voice especially a
dissenting voice about war you're gonna
be throttled you're gonna be smeared and
you're gonna be called a red
communist or a Putin puppet all right
it's happened it's happen to me happens
to me on a daily basis now which is kind
of funny people can meet a jaggoff night
club community somehow I'm in somehow
I'm includes with the Kremlin I'm very
important our Jam you know I don't know
I don't know how your Putin checks or
mine our embarrassingly small I thought
I was worth more no no but I mean the
fact that people are consciously doing
this and the people are consciously the
media matters people and other people
I've known for years you know is it's
it's like invasion of the Body Snatchers
the Donald Sutherland version where
somebody have no fears all of a sudden
like points at you and their eyes bug
out no yeah you know all of a sudden
people I've known from years for years
are turning on and they will say the
left another Putin puppet from the left
so we are in the midst of an National
purge led by the intelligence agencies
and nobody thinks twice about it nobody
thinks twice about it and and people
I've seen people on the Left what
influential shows that do push the
Russia gate narrative pretending like
they're doing it responsibly as if
there's no responsible way to do
that yeah there's no responsible way if
you're pretending that Russia gate had
any influence on our election you're
misleading your viewers that's
ridiculous
everybody medals in everybody's election
and if 13 Twitter box had an influence
over 5 billion in free media to Donald
Trump and 2 billion spent by the Hillary
Clinton campaign it's amazing how those
13 Twitter BOTS knew to target Michigan
and Wisconsin except Hillary didn't
isn't that awesome yeah you know and RT
is somehow who had changed the course of
American party channel which I don't
even know where it is on my cable I have
no idea why RT is on my table I used to
go on RT all the time nobody ever came
up to me in the street saying it had
never happened you all those media stars
our T's made at the United States yeah
III you know how you know how you know
how they have the Babur and the verb and
know they take people who are already
stood like you don't come on you don't
think Larry Kings apartment puh-puh-puh
Putin puppet I can't even say penny time
you don't think Larry King and Ed
Schultz and Tom what's his frigging name
he's off Hartman he's not on our TNT
he's off oh good he bailed he bailed
he bailed he couldn't he couldn't take
all the all the Russia propaganda he was
forced to not say I don't know I never
saw it by the way I'm sure there is some
sort of Russian so where is he being
carries he had Sky TV now or something
like that no he's he's on free speech TV
already sounds like trouble free speech
I don't know I've got for that free
speech if your speech disagrees with me
especially if it's a war yeah you know
it's a good point well and I'm on it and
you know a leftist well it's funny is
that that ring of fire radio are you on
that I am yeah so they have Lee camp
plus they have people pushing Russia
gate on the same network isn't that wild
hey big tent I know same thing over at
the Young Turks there they push it I try
to debunk it well you and I when we did
the power panel together you and I were
always the leftmost yes
flank of the power panel as I recall
yeah so let's please play this for you
one more time
well said that last point that Andrew is
making in terms of what the North
Koreans still have to prove with various
tests and everything I mean it has been
the dream of North Korean leaders for
decades now that they would advance
their missile programs and there were
nuclear programs so much so that the
United States would be forced to
acknowledge them as an equal and to meet
with North Korean leader one on one with
the u.s. president they they got there
with this president and I'm not sure I'm
not I don't know whether or not the
administration intended it to be that
kind of a gift it's just a remark of all
time to be covering this stuff ah
they're sitting down for peace talks
with the nuclear power the next thing
you're gonna tell me rachel is that
we're out of drones I mean this that's a
lefty news show doesn't that sound like
she filling in for megyn kelly over at
Fox right now what the hell is she doing
well you know the notion that what the
enemy wha first of all all of a sudden
we've got so many enemies and yeah and
we've also got a handy little narrative
so if you're a mainstream Democrat
you no longer have to think twice about
backing loser candidates that have
turned the country over to the extreme
right because it's not my fault
Putin did it although did it do you know
that the entire Russian economy is
smaller than the economy of Spain did
you know that I did not like a second
right oh it's it's these people that are
elevating Putin up to this sort I know
Lex Luthor super hero and let me ask you
one more question as long as we're on
the topic so I read that clapper report
I've read all the other reports
supposedly the goal of the Russian
intelligence services and mr. Putin was
to undermine confidence in American
democracy which means that every one of
these people is Putin's puppet right
because they're the ones saying we don't
have that Putin controls our aren't they
doing Putin's work yes they're actually
pushing the narrative that Putin is
all-powerful yeah and then our elections
systems that can't withstand his attacks
that he can do that's why we have Trump
so that's what that's all about and and
if you're if you are I mean out Richard
I haven't heard your show recently but
I'm gonna guess you know we're very
simpatico on this Russia gate from what
I can tell right now you know that that
the dangerous consequences of it but if
you're a lefty show when you're pushing
the Russia gate you know I just don't I
just don't understand how anybody could
trust your analysis and be like if
you're a lefty show pushing for the Iraq
war or something like that it just it
just it's just to me it's all it should
be a disqualifier yeah I mean there are
three things I believe in a lot one is
critical analysis two is journalistic
integrity three is a piece above war
right these are three things I believe
in the way this narrative is being
pushed violates all three of those it's
not journalistic integrity because you
take the statement of known perjurers
like James clapper at face value and
Robert Robert not Muller it's not
critical analysis because you're not
waiting until the evidence comes in to
make your decisions you're you're
deciding what you think the narrative is
without looking at the evidence and it's
certainly not Pro peace so that even if
Russia has been up to no good in this
country as we've been up to no good in
their country well that you're supposed
to sit down and talk with people who
avoid nuclear war yeah so it violates
three of my fundamental principles and I
don't think I share values with these
people I think we have the same values
well that's what scares me is that the
people who we were saying earlier people
who I've respected and trusted all my
life now I'm finally realizing oh my god
it took this took Donald Trump winning
the presidency for me to realize I don't
share my values with those people that
we actually aren't on the same left I
thought we were on that these people are
situational progressives right that's
what that is if you're attacking Trump
Rachel Maddow has been doing since the
election improved before it since Bernie
Sanders got what she's been doing is is
that is the opposite of what a
progressive would do or anybody with
journalistic integrity would do so I you
you now in when Trump says fake news you
know why it lands right and this is
attacking Trump this is doing the deep
state bidding you the CIA doesn't need
to pay her any money because she's doing
it for free for them they do pay people
by the way at NBC CIA does don't get me
wrong but I don't think they have enough
to pay her she's getting 20 million a
year from the corporatists to do stuff
like this to make sure you're uninformed
you know I mean I remember one of JQ
Gers biggest rants ever was that a
couple years after the Iraq invasion
that half the country still thought
Saddam had weapons of mass destruction
and he went on he said every every news
editor from every newspaper in this
country should be fired if that's what's
that's there they're failing and that's
who's failing now who's failing now who
keeps telling you that the problems of
America originate in another country
they don't the problems of America
originate right here and the people who
are influencing our elections are the
Koch brothers Goldman Sachs the
military-industrial complex and big oil
and big pharma those are the people who
have a stranglehold on our government
that's why twenty-eight million
Americans don't have health care 63% of
Americans can't afford $1,000 emergency
and half of all wage earners earn less
than $30,000 a year
that's the problems in America and none
of that has to do with Putin none of
that has to do with Russia and people
like that who want you to think that
that's your biggest problem are being
your they're deceiving you on purpose
for large amounts of money she gets more
than $30,000 a day to do this and that's
how much your integrity cost and now we
know and so and what they don't want you
to know is what they don't want you to
do is see shows like this and here
people like Richard Eskow tell you the
truth about this Russian Red Scare and
this is how propaganda works and we've
been showing you this all along this is
called propaganda this is how it works
this is how WMDs get sold to an entire
country when we canwe invade another
country that doesn't even have the
ability to attack us so that I'm saying
didn't even have the ability to attack
us and we pretended like that he was an
existential threat because of propaganda
and they're doing the same thing he just
let you know that Russia has an economy
smaller than Spain's I've been letting
you know that their military budget is
