hey everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show I'm here with Rob the cone of the
miserable liberal steps at Murat Oh
howdy howdy everybody I'm miserable Ron
your hair is getting very radical right
just very very radical yeah new me so I
have an iPhone here's my iPhone right
here and this is an iPhone six-plus so
it's big like a big it's big and it's
been slowing down and a lot of people
who own older iPhones meaning not eight
or ten they have noticed that there's I
phones slow down well why is that
happening well CNET here's why Apple
says it's slowing down older phones it
says it's because your battery doesn't
hold the charge as well the older
batteries start to lose your ability to
hold a charge and they drain faster and
so people's phones were just cutting off
like that this is what Apple says right
so this is true that is that part is
true according to what I can ascertain
did you know battery technology by the
way has not really it took like 10th
from 2006 to 2007 it took that long to
double-a batteries increase and then
since then it's only increased 30% since
2007 did you know that I didn't know
that and cellphone batteries I didn't
know that but I believe it I mean I mean
they kind of design it so that you have
to get a new one every couple of years
yeah I mean they want it to be that
that's why it's like you have to you
know update your software you have to do
this and eventually your phone just I
hate updating the software and when
everyone just hates that cringes through
it so people call it planned
obsolescence yes mm-hmm
so here's what Apple says apple says the
aging battery means your phone could
have trouble no this is an apple this is
from CNET means your phone can have
trouble operating or might unexpectedly
shut down as happen to the iPhone 6 and
6s last year I mean those phones are
still new right that battery goes that
quickly hmm
that processors and those devices
wanted to hit faster speeds but their
batteries couldn't handle the demand
prompting some phones to simply switch
themselves off so I guess if you bet you
know I've noticed my battery drains a
lot faster and stuff like that so to
address that Apple's iOS software
starting with last year's iOS ten point
two point one which I have installed
incorporated better power management
capabilities the company said so that
happened when I I got rid of my old car
and I leased a new car because I hate
putting ten thousand dollars down on a
car just can't do that anymore
that is lease a car no money down make a
payment out I love that anyway Mike he
wasn't hooking up with the Bluetooth my
phone so I had to download the new
operating system and I was like uh I got
locked out of my Apple account for two
days it was it was horrible it was
horrible anyway well here's a quick
insider tip though this is something
I've been doing my cousin turned me on
to this and I've been doing it ever
since always put your battery on low
power mode and you have to do it cuz it
alot of like when you get to a certain
charge it'll just take it off a low
power mode where it's like oh your
battery's at like 80% so here you're
charged but always like going to your
settings put your battery on low power
mode that'll always help it last longer
so do you have an iPhone or what kind of
have an iPhone yeah yeah we all have
iPhones okay so that's a good tip right
there yeah yeah I always make sure I do
that you know what Jimmy I just wanted
to say that I wanted to go back to you
know you're talking about the the
battery charge and everything like that
one headline for Apple Insider says
criminal lawsuit over iPhone battery
slows down filed in France we're planned
obsolescence is illegal okay so let's
get to that in a second the operating
system slows down your device to prevent
from shoutings out Apple says but only
in cases of cold temperature or a low
battery charge or very old batteries
instead of your of your processor
completing a task immediately it will
spread that out over more attempts to
help manage the power consumption so you
can see how there's a problem with this
right
so the problem is they didn't tell you
they're doing that so that's the big
problem
so what Apple should had said which they
didn't and they was which which was a
conscious decision by the way for them
not to tell you that they're doing this
and they should have said you know we're
at the mercy of battery technology like
everybody everybody else's phone has the
same battery technology about that
so say well weep and people often have
problems with their smartphones when
they get a few years old they shut off
because of blah blah and they should
have said so we've come up with a fix
right and if you want to implement this
fix here it is will give you the option
to go like this to have your phone go
slower or you can let it shut off if it
happens or or you should replace the
battery now the problem is the battery
to get a new phone they really want you
to get a new phone G to get a new phone
so what they wanted you to do is like
Mama's phone is going slow I'm
getting a new phone which is what I've
known in the past
meet I have done that in the past god
yeah this phone right and I'm like
I'm just kidding it's six breezing up
but it's not doing what it's my used to
be so much better and then I wouldn't
got a new phone so that's really what a
lot of people feel was happening I also
feel that was happening do you feel that
was happening around with your iPhone
yeah I've noticed but I thought it was
just I was reaching that year mark okay
like I thought it was just happening was
them trying to make you buy a new phone
yeah of course absolutely so that's the
big problem so that if they would have
just been transparent we hear that word
a lot if they would have just been
transparent about it and said hey you
know we've got to fix for older
batteries and unselfish in our cell
phones boom and here's and you can
either implement it or not if you give
it to the consumer they didn't do that
and so a lot of you I don't know if
you've heard a lot of people went nuts
about it
so here a Pilate for slowing down your
old iPhone Apple has issued a formal
apology to its customers which tackles
the accusation head-on plus an
inexpensive $29 battery
replacement so that's big difference
from their $79 replay so you used to be
to fix that problem with your old
battery slowing down or your phone
flowing not because your battery you'd
have to buy a new battery from Apple cuz
you can't do it yourself because it's
too hard and they make it that way on
purpose yes they do that's another
that's another thing that make it a hard
at you before replace your iPhone yeah
they don't want you to touch the screws
they changed all of that
so uh you could you could have fixed
this problem with a $79 new battery from
Apple but now apples like okay after the
big hubbub they're like okay we got
caught you guys you're right
we're sorry and we're gonna let you fix
this problem for now $29 which to me
tells me that's how much the battery
actually costs and that was their markup
so their markup was what's 8230 that I'm
not giving it to us at cost so their
markup was over a hundred percent on
that battery oh yeah
that's amazing right the moral of the
story is catch us on our you
will be rewarded yeah but only for a
limited time now you will try more poles
the mark about that batteries got to be
fifty over a hundred percent you know no
wonder you should buy Apple stock yeah
right
anyway so plus an inexpensive $29
battery replacement that Apple promises
will immediately return an iPhone 6 or
later phone to its original performance
I'm gonna go get that I think I'm gonna
get one I got iPhone 6 what do you have
yes
you have a 7 what I think I have a 7 but
I have an old iPhone that I'm thinking
why don't I just go get a new battery in
that oh you mean you have an older phone
than that one huh I think you could
trade those in do they give you money
for any who cares the new batteries
which normally cops under five hours
will be available starting January and
through 2018 the company wrote Thursday
so there it is where did the company
write this cuz I have a two Apple
products and I didn't get a message from
them I did not get a direct apology FYI
so I bought a new computer too for the
for this show right so we need a show
computer does who cares
I had advice Braun cares
so we've been using Ron's computer to
run our live shows and and so we decided
to get a the show computers wouldn't
have to use Ron's computer we could use
a computer for the show every time
another martini hits the stage I hold my
breath but Ron you know if I've messed
up your computer I would replace it no I
mean you know that I've I know you know
line-of-duty sorry buddy
drink up right I remember and when you
anyway so um I forgot I was saying now
but oh so we get it as a show computer
so they have this thing that the guy's
desire is this for a business and I said
yes it is for a business and they go he
goes okay you want to set up a business
account and I'm like how would that help
me and he said well you get discounts if
you if you hit a certain level of money
that you spent on products per year
they'll give you a discount and I'm like
oh of course
what's the money and that one computer
made it pretty close already
that one computer was very expect a
Pilar expensive and probably taught at
least maybe three times as much as a
regular computer you would indeed go
another route with a computer if it met
the needs of your production of course
that's the big deal there no no Dell we
needed to have we need to have it and so
like they go the guy says to me they're
gonna call you and to set up your
business account and they go what number
is good I'm like well can I just call
them they go no they'll call you I go
when they go he goes what make sure you
answer when they call very mafia as come
alone he goes but make sure you answer
when they call answer the phone door so
today I'm on the phone oh no I'm on the
phone and I'm hey I'm talking with Brian
who works on the show and we're having a
real kind of heart-to-heart about our
families and Christmas and stuff and we
really were hold on I need to take this
call because we're both cuz you know
whatever I don't want to go into it but
yes I get a call and I'm like uh-oh what
who is this and I know I'm nervous I'm
taking every call oh no this is the
business
people call us back from a PayPal so I
take Brian's right in the middle of this
heartfelt story I go Brad can you hold
on I gotta take this
so I take it and it's the Apple it is
the Apple I thought it was gonna be
anybody you know it could be anybody and
the guy goes hi this is Christian blah
blah blah and can I tell you what's
weird is I was going to see my doctor
who's also his name's Christian hmm what
is weird and so I was afraid that it was
my doctor calling me because I was late
for my appointment I'm sitting outside
his office and I thought my point was at
10:45 my colds at 10:30 so they called
me I take the call goes hey this is
Cristiano but my doctor's calling me
they go from Apple I'm like oh and he
said hi would you guys like to get some
information to set up your business I
kind of go hey dude I'm walking into my
doctor's office right now can I call you
back
no I can't call you back he's a burner
phone no or his battery is running out
that's what I think right what do you
would he call me out of burner phone why
can't I call you goes we'll call you
back what is first of all how precious
are you guys that you can't be called
back I don't know but that guy's name
was not Christian so anyway like isness
practice that I have to stop doing what
I'm doing so as I can respect apples
calling oh they're so full of
themselves am I wrong that's that's
being bull you pick up seriously make
sure you pee alone right wear something
nice my lines recorded yours better not
be put your hand over your mouth when
you talk on the phone with me at the
Apple put your hand over your mouth and
put an umbrella over your head and walk
outside it's gonna be like a voice
shifter a year from now like hello this
example mr. brain at this mr. gage
Doreen so anyway apples
found a waiter I really wish Steve Jobs
was still alive because even if they
were dicks they would still be the best
and they were still be inventing stuff
that no one else is thinking of now
Apple's very close to being a regular
computer company yeah don't you think
especially when they effed up they effed
up iMovie and then they effed up Final
Cut I'm sure they effed up ID o
iTunes has been effed up forever yeah
it's like they didn't have to be such a
user-friendly son they were just like ah
are you guys having fun we're ruining
that yes just because it made me
exhausted
yeah changes they changed okay and and I
don't think anyway they need a leader
and they just have regular nerds and the
problem with you know nerds
when I say nerds I don't mean in the
pejorative
I mean nerds like computer geniuses I
don't mean it like you know but the
problem with having computer geniuses
design computers is that they don't have
real-world experience right they're not
regular people like we are right so they
like Oh we'll just update it nobody
wants to it update it stop it so
when I was up in Cupertino which is
where Apple is they have yes I would
just so you want you drive around and
there's just swarms of people on the
corners grating across the street and
they all work at Apple right cuz it's
this huge campus right and so I just
would slow down by the red lights and
I'll roll down my window go hey can you
does anybody know who up iMovie
does anybody know who did that I'd like
to talk to them do you remember how
great iMovie was it was all so easy and
all and that you could do so many fun
things and then they destroyed it same
thing with the same thing with and are
the longest time you kept the old
program still has a good I still haven't
so jealous its iPhone HD o 8 I'm not I
don't its iMovie HD oh wait I think and
I still have it so and there's all these
weird things I have to do to make it
work on my computer you've seen we have
to do it I have to go into a bundle and
tip this and then click that hold it
down click over there
it's all this grand then all of a sudden
I move eh do a will appear on my
computer and I'll use it anyway this is
getting to be too long of a video about
this but um I could talk about all day
but bye so anyway thank you there is
there's the iPhones
go get your $29 battery and your phone
won't be slowed down no more and you
don't have to upgrade I think your phone
is ringing right now should you answer
it just in case it's Apple ah leave the
briefcase by a tree door look what he
been doing you got a really got a real
pretty wiped it'd be a shame if
something happened now let's talk about
upgrading that back Book Pro and you
wonder why you wonder why people get
their news from YouTube please make sure
you subscribe to our show I'm not
kidding I am not kidding at daily we get
people telling us hey I was I try I
would subscribe three times they
unsubscribe me three times hey none of
your videos they show up in my alert
thing so make sure you subscribe and
then click the bell so you're get an
alert when we drop a video and thanks
for your support thanks for being a
patron thanks for doing it through our
PayPal if you don't want to do we give
lots of extra bonus material every week
a couple hours worth so thank you so
much for being our supporter we couldn't
do without you
[Music]
