happy buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
we have special guest Frank Conniff is
here from the Mads hi Frank hey how you
doing Geoffrey tell people what's that
show called it's called the Mads are
back it's traceable you and myself from
Mystery Science Theater 3000 and we go
we do shows we just show a movie of high
quality like Glen or Glenda or the
Tingler or walk the dark streets or our
newest one Neanderthal man from the 50s
and we riff and we riff on them just
like they did on Mystery Science Theater
and that's the whole show and if go to
the mad subha calm and we're going to a
lot of places so we may be coming near
you soon so I I actually saw this show
live it's hilarious as well if you like
the Mystery Science Theater yeah it's
it's even better because it's with a
live audience
yeah actually it is better so how about
that for helping you sell a little thing
but it actually is better so here we go
let's let's so the Democrats have been
hurting mm-hmm
they've lost their way so in the 2016
election they were so they did so poorly
they they they had the most powerful
political machine in the history of our
country the Clinton machine lost to a
political novice game show host clown
Donald Trump and and why well it's
because what you know what I've said
here it's because both parties turn
their back on the working-class and they
didn't offer them anything well but you
remember what Chuck Schumer said he
wasn't even trying to go after
blue-collar people or workers or
Millennials or anybody who was he going
after he was going after Republicans
here
you think I'm kidding for every
blue-collar Democrat we will lose in
Western PA we will pick up to three
moderate Republicans in the suburbs of
Philadelphia and you can repeat that in
Ohio and Illinois in Wisconsin how'd
that work out for you chuck they work
out it's a bad idea when you're a
democratic party and your electoral
strategy is built on attracting people
from the other party to vote for you so
after the primary instead of picking
Bernie or Elizabeth Warren or someone
else who's an actual progressive to be
vice president Hillary Clinton went to
the right chose Tim Kaine who's to the
right of her so that
just a where else you got to go
progressives and have that work out for
you didn't now we're stuck with Trump
and even after that even after that
election they still didn't wake up
here's Nancy Pelosi this is after they
lost a truck with that bad strategy and
she was asked this question the
democratic party is in a moment of
questioning about its identity he were
reelected to lead the Democrats in the
house what do you tell Democrats who
want a new direction and and then go to
you what are you gonna do differently
well I don't think that people wanted no
direction our values unify us so there
you go don't change so there they lost
the house they lost the Senate they're
wiped out thousand seats they lost state
in state houses they lost governorships
and then they just lost to Donald Trump
and she says I don't think people want
to change if you could be more tone-deaf
that's the that's about as tone-deaf as
you can get she have you seen her show
tone-deaf Comedy Jam start writing for
the show again Jimmy you know that I'm a
loyal Democrat right and I don't just
see how you can't be so inspired I felt
a chill up my leg when Chuck Schumer was
speaking he's just it's yeah so here
there's a little more play one more
video of Chuck if you like Chuck I got
one more it's the equivocating that gets
me excited with excited
so here's Chuck Schumer telling you what
the Democrats need to do he's gonna take
blame now for that bad strategy unlike
what unlike with Nancy Pelosi did at
least he takes flame for it here we go
here we go it's not just 2016 it's 2014
as well the blame goes all around and
the bottom line is people didn't know
what we stood for they knew we're
against Donald Trump in 2016 for
instance but they didn't know what we
stood for we need a bold sharp-edged
economic agenda and they never put that
together all they did was put together
what it's called a better deal which is
just a bunch of platitudes Oh better
jobs better pay better blah blah better
education better but no
whereas your single-payer where is your
free College where is your commitment to
a living wage that's what people want
and so the Democrats aren't doing that
and even though they know they should
Chuck Schumer knows what he needs to but
the problem is the corporate capture of
our government and he can't do it
because his donors say no so when the
people wanted to attacks on Wall Street
to fund free college they say no he has
to say no because they're his donors
that's why Chuck Schumer remember why
he's the leader of the Democrats in the
Senate not because he's a leader at all
I wouldn't ask that guy directions to
the freeway Chuck Schumer is a leader
because he's the biggest patsy to Wall
Street
he gets the most money from Wall Street
and then he gives it to his friends in
the Senate so they'll vote for him as
leader that's how you become a leader
wise Nancy Pelosi the leader in the
house because she's the biggest
fundraiser and then she passes out the
money those people and then they vote
for her because they like her too giving
them money that's why our government's
broken and that's why even when a guy
like that knows what the problem is he
can articulate it he can actually come
up with a policy that serves the need
this like he said anything for it well I
have to dispute what she said because I
did one time I did ask Chuck Schumer for
directions to the freeway and he he
pointed me to the middle of the road
[Music]
[Laughter]
yeah there I mean I want the Democrats
to win in 2018 2020 there has to be they
these I agree that the leadership has to
be bolder in in all of the crazy
that's going on now every day with Trump
and everything you don't hear you hear
III hear a lot of great voices of
opposition a lot of great people pushing
back against it these people who are the
head of my party they don't really seem
to be part of that conversation they
seem to be they're like let's just let's
just kick back for a bit and see what
what happens and that's that's just not
what the Democratic Party needs that's
now it needs very bold
a willingness to just say rude things
and actually have a vision right to
actually see something stand for
something bold like it seems bold to
stand for single-payer medicare-for-all
even though the goddamn world has it
right it's what it is in this in this
climate
it seems bold to stand for you know
ending the war machine right about that
do you know Frank we're spending 40%
more on our military than we were at the
height of the Iraq war so at the height
of the Iraq war we're spending five
hundred billion now we're spending seven
hundred forty percent it's not the kind
of thing you hear Democrats know they're
completely and and the same thing with
the mainstream media the the whole idea
that the military spending is just off
limits you never hear on any Sunday
morning show or any cable news show you
never hear people talking about military
spending and when they talk about the
budget it's all what entitlement should
we take away yes that's how you know
you're you're a grown-up right you're
serious you're serious politician
because you're willing to cut Social
Security and Medicare not because you're
willing to cut the Pentagon no one ever
no-one ever by the way they just passed
it last week 715 million dollar Pentagon
budget and no one said how they gonna
pay for that
Stefon in the meantime we're in crisis
in America we have like 50 percent of
Americans or a low-income horan low
income and you know Frank you know when
I you know I grew up in California and
so when I Drive through California right
now and I see the explosion of homeless
on the streets yeah where is the
representation to help these people just
in the state of California I thought the
state of California isn't it the fifth
largest economy in the world world but
we can't somehow figure out how to help
our homeless and lead on this so the
reason why I bring all this up by the
way this is from Los Angeles a sanctuary
city but Frank you know to your point
about the leadership of the Democratic
Party so in California this is a super
majority blue state we have a super
majority and a Democratic governor so
you think we would have a single-payer
College medaka of a living wage we take
care of our Brown seems like more
progress
seven Europe them than other damn it
turns out he's Pro fracking and they
just got we were gonna get our since the
Trump administration is gutting that
neutrality
getting rid of it we were gonna pass our
own net neutrality in California because
we have a super majority Democrats well
the Democrats found a way to gut it so
the Democrats gut net neutrality the
Democrats killed single-payer that
that's that's the demo so so here is why
I'm bringing all this up because there
was this article just this weekend in
the Guardian says Democrats are losing
the Millennial vote and need to change
message so that's why I'm showing you
all this because I saw this article and
I wanted to lay it out here's how we got
here and now they're actually losing
Millennials in an era of Trump here's
what they say in The Guardian that that
a and ap Nork MTV youth political post
poll that's a lettuce a mouthful okay I
recognize was a youth political polls
found that only a minority 33 percent of
young Americans approve of the way Trump
is handling his job of president while
the majority believed that the president
is mentally unfit generally dishonest or
a racist so those are high those are in
the low 60s all those numbers so over
six six out of ten Millennials have a
very ban a view of Trump okay but a
similar Pew Research study of the
generational gap in American politics
found that among other things the
Millennials have by far the most
negative views of Trump having tumbled
from a 64 percent job approval rating
for President Obama at his same time as
its presidency and a twenty seven
percent approval for Trump in this same
part time so the first two years of
their presidencies Barack Obama was way
more popular than Trump I don't know
again I get that I guess with
Millennials yeah I mean Barack Obama's a
much more likable guy just in general on
the face of it he's just a likable guy
when he speaks he can inspire you it
also found that Millennials get this
self-identify much less as conservative
and much more as liberal than previous
generations I had heard it was going the
other way
but no it turns out they identify even
more liberal than previous generations
supporting progressive stances on
economic inequality global warming
immigration and racial equality so it
may take liberals by surprise to hear
that a recent Reuters Ipsos mega poll of
sixteen thousand respondents found that
Democrats are you ready for this are
losing ground with Millennials while men
Millennials still prefer the Democratic
Party on the Republicans that support is
tanking tanking in an era of Trump the
Democrats are losing the Millennials who
don't like Trump yet they're still
losing the Millennials
isn't that amazing it's almost like
they're not offering them an alternative
it's weird it's like the Millennials
want another option well I mean the sad
thing is Chuck Schumer doesn't even
appeal to Centennial he's and you know I
was just thinking that like kind of what
Democrats need is is is the progressive
version of Trump not like Trump in any
way in terms of policy or or manner
right but just like single-payer
this is what we believe you if you
don't if you don't too bad this is this
is this is where we're at and and they
they kind of need to have that that kind
of bold message of like and and Chuck
Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are just not
providing we're not gonna get that from
them frankly if they're in the tank for
Wall Street Big Pharma and the health
insurance companies just like all the
politicians aren't in it there's maybe a
handful who aren't right Nancy Pelosi
brag about being the largest in the
largest fundraiser for the Democratic
Party
that's her burger you can bet that
Millennials aren't giving her money you
can buy so get this in just two years
support for the Democrats among
Millennials dropped sharply from 55% to
46% that's almost 10
percent I'm not a math surgeon but
that's almost 10% meanwhile their
support for Republicans has remained
roughly stable in the past few years
falling from 28 to 27 so their support
for Republicans isn't growing it's just
that their support for the Democrats is
is tanking because the Democrats aren't
offering them an alternative there's a
little bit more to this the drop in
Democratic support among white
Millennials is roughly the same 8% but
most of the defectors in that group seem
to have moved to the Republicans today
as many white Millennials support the
Democrats as Republicans 39 percent each
for each party of Millennials just but
get this just two years ago Democrats
had a 14% lead over Republicans among
white Millennials and they lost it the
trends are even more pronounced among
white male Millennials and they lost it
today this group favors the Republicans
over the Democrats by a staggering 11
percent in 2016 Democrats LED white male
Millennials by 12 percent and now they
trail by a staggering 11 percent that's
because the Democrats stand for nothing
that's because they're bought by the
same donors that have bought the
Republican Party that's white nancy
pelosi and chuck schumer have got to go
if you're ever gonna see change in this
country but they ain't going anywhere
no they're they're not they're not
leaving the leadership anytime soon know
which is if we if the democrats win in
2008 or lose well if they win nancy
pelosi will be the speak of the yes and
Chuck Schumer will be the leader in the
Senate oh yeah and you know I it's it's
very disturbing to me to hear this
because because I'm not I'm not one of
those people who put down Millennials in
fact what I always say about Millennials
is there as far as diversity goes
they're the first generation that's
grown up knowing gay people knowing
trans people stuff that previous
generations was weird was just normal
everyday stuff to them so and they're
less racist than previous generations
and so I kind of look at the
isla hope so it's disturbing to me if
these statistics are to that they're not
supporting the party that's supposed to
be the party of diversity and the party
of change you know and of progressivism
but the problem is that they're not if
there was a party that was for change
and progressivism they would have the
Millennial vote so here's one a little
bit more
for example Millennials seem much less
concerned about Russian meddling in the
US elections than the rest of the
Democratic Party elite hey I by the way
almost no one gives a F about it in the
middle of the country
almost no one cares about that P but you
know in the defense of the mainstream
media okay nice last week I saw MSNBC
did one story that wasn't about the
Russian in other words it's true and
literally MSNBC does nothing and I
believe there's something to the whole
thing but MSNBC does nothing but stories
about it and it's a disservice to the
public it's certainly certainly is yeah
it certainly is okay and but did you see
that report MSNBC did about net
neutrality oh wait they didn't know I
didn't actually never happened that's
because they're owned by Comcast so it's
weird that they that I think maybe Chris
Haynes did one story but it's weird year
they're owned by Comcast and Rachel
Maddow talked about it she talks about
it twice from what I saw she might have
talked about it more but I saw I looked
and I found two times well the first
time she talked about it completely in a
neutral tone really saying things like
this is gonna be a big deal there's
gonna be protests about this but it
shouldn't say big deal good or big deal
bad she didn't say protesters are right
protesters are wrong she just kind of
said like that then she did another
where she brought a woman on who was
former government official and she said
stuff but Rachel didn't say anything oh
wow interesting yeah very hit they're
owned by Comcast you don't know she did
an 18 minute report on it and I like the
two minutes at the end when she finally
started talking about
so here's a little bit more from this
Guardian article it says even the newest
golden issue gun control seems much more
post-millennial than millennial issue a
recent poll found that Millennials are
no more liberal on gun control than
previous generations just as Republicans
have blended their socio-economic and
socio-cultural agendas linking economic
anxiety and cultural backlash Democrats
Democrats should link key concerns of
Millennials especially economic
inequality and cultural openness and
here's the last part this is perfectly
in sync with the priorities of
Millennials irrespective of race who
support government protection of the
environment and for whom key economic
priorities are increasing job
opportunities increasing wages and
decreasing economic and equality that's
what the Millennials are interested in
their interests their interested in job
opportunities increasing wages and
decreasing economic inequality Jimmy how
much different really quickly is that
from everybody not whatever generation
sounds like everybody's that sounds like
everybody has those same concerns and
the way to stop support for Democrats
among million Millennials from sinking
further according to the Guardian it you
way you do that is to speak to those
needs in a meaningful way
the longer they fail to do that the more
lethal it becomes so that so the
Democrats are talking about health care
if they go we're a hundred we're for
universal access they'll say that which
is not single-payer medicare-for-all
they'll say we're for access to college
everybody should have affordable
education we should have four but that's
not what people want to hear people want
to hear single-payer like the rest of
the world people want to hear free
college like the rest of the West people
want to hear a living wage and the
Democrats can't bring themselves to say
it because of the same problem we've
articulated here they're bought by the
same people the Republicans are which is
why we're in this situation where we are
and people are more but the plurality of
people are not a spell affiliated with
them either party and seventy percent of
people polled won a third
I'm one of those people let me throw it
back over to our panel any last words
