hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest with us the
founder of the zeitgeist movement and
author of this new book the new human
rights movement it's peter joseph is
with us say hello to Peter Joseph hi
Peter
hey how you doing there Jimmy now first
of all I read this book I'm not a good
reader so I probably missed a lot of
stuff it is a great book and for me what
I took away from it you really examined
capitalism and the effects of capitalism
on people on societies and the people's
psyches and there was so many
mind-blowing things in this book I can't
I don't even know where to start so let
me just ask you Peter you could maybe
tell people what this book is about and
summarize it for us sure so the new
human rights movement the new human
rights movement how dare I
what does the old human rights movement
the focus being we have to take a kind
of a broader sociological structural
view of society to think about all the
interplays that produce human behavior
that produce our social systems or
institutions more so like what is what
has cemented all of this where have we
gotten here and that is a public health
debate that is an issue of what defines
public health what defines actually you
know progress as we know it has to be
defined in terms of actual health
regards not necessarily what we're
producing in society not how much
productivity we have or the extent of
GDP or how many people are employed but
how happy are we and this is the core of
it as a public health treatment and I
put it in the context of human rights
because I feel that when people realize
that we have a structural problem and
when I use that word structural I mean
that there is larger order things that
are happening that influence our
behavior just as there are biological
things that influence our behavior so
structuralism sociology effectively it's
an interdisciplinary kind of study which
means you've to take a lot into account
to figure out what the hell is going on
in the world and that's really what this
is about at it's very core is that
approach and what I conclude in the text
is that with this old economy that we
have you can call it market system being
caught capitalism I think of it more
broadly I say as an economy run by
market forces that more gets to the
point of it market forces embodies all
the motivations people have it generates
the
infrastructure so to speak to the the
procedural dynamics all the things we
have to do to game in this reality to
survive and then you have all these
people suddenly seven billion of us
pulling levers on a giant machine and
we're not paying attention to what this
machines actually doing we're getting
our little treats and we're throw it in
our mouths and our little stupid rewards
and we keep going in our short-term
interest and yet this machine is a big
train that's flying straight off of a
cliff into oblivion and until we we get
our heads around that we're gonna have a
serious public health crisis in terms of
socio-economic inequality one of the
most destructive forces on the face of
the earth shattering human human trust
social capitalist they call it we don't
trust each other anymore we have the
spirit groups that are going out of
control we have a whole new level of
insurgencies and terrorism the united
states of course is the forbidden
example of all of this I call it the
forbidden experiment I should say sort
of like when you lock a kid in the
closet and you don't you don't look at
them for ten years and they come out and
they're all deranged with this kind of
primal Ness that's the way I see the
United States experiment at this point
because you know look at the violence
look at everything that we're doing how
weird the culture has become look at the
political system it's become this
amalgamation of so many things that in
my mind is indicative of the worst
outcomes the most predictably at worst
peak outcomes of the kind of social
system we have the capitalist market
force driven system so that in
combination with the ecological crisis
again those levers that were pulling on
the machine so let me just stop you at
the market forces sure yeah so you know
your critique is talking about that this
quote-unquote free market system first
of all isn't a free market system that
it's really manipulated by the people
with the most money which means they're
the most powerful that manipulate a free
market into their favor correct would
that be correct as would be expected so
here's one differentiation that I want
to mix a lot of people say this this
debate they'll bring up this debate well
if we could only have a more robust free
market we could stop the crony
capitalism if we could stop all of the
the apparent things that are anomalous
but they're not anomalous they're part
of a competitive gaming strategy of
group versus group and capitalism is the
embodiment of that primitive behavior
coming from again eons of evolution of
our
core and and bass instincts of you know
keeping your tribal tribalism together
and not caring about the external and
it's that very problem that in our
high-tech societies again flying us off
of the cliff so go back to your point
what we have in terms of the free market
everything you see around you this is it
this is the free market it's the free
market that buys politicians just like
you buy pizza it's the free market that
that takes and gouges people in the
medical community to get as much as they
possibly can to extract for the
self-interest of one group or
corporation it's the free market that
lobbies that that does everything that
you consider to be unethical but within
the game of competition there really
aren't any lines anymore I mean it
depends on what corner you're backed
into and so because so now why is it
that some places Institute a form of
free markets or capitalism say like
Denmark which they have a very strong
social safety net and they're now the
happiest country in the world I'm pretty
sure or one of the top Finland and
Denmark abut okay and they have less
income inequality than we have here so
why does it seem that ours our version
of capitalism in the United States is so
much more brutal than places like
Denmark first of all I'm glad you bring
that up because that goes back to
democratic socialist policies and the
Bernie Sanders and the the very simple
public health issues that he's brought
up in terms of comparing our society and
what we can do in terms of increasing
public health and say yes it can be done
it's already been done in these
countries and that is absolutely
important information that everyone
listening should look into because it
proves when you look at the happiness
indexes when you look at the way they go
about their lives they are their Public
Health metrics they are doing so much
better than we are and that is amazing
information now why can't we just
superimpose that type of capitalism upon
the United States right it's a great
question the difference is that we live
in the global society and the fleeting
middle class of the United States is
like the fleeting middle class of
Denmark and Finland and the Gini
coefficients are still rising amongst
all of these countries as well as more
stress on the planet the more social
stress the more tensions between nations
increases so my point here is that you
can't just look at the United States
some isolated bubble and
then look at Finland as an isolated
bubble and say that this policy should
just be implanted here without regard to
the evolution of all the countries the
colonization that has produced the
landscapes that we see the borders that
we see without the globalization and the
power of transnational corporations you
know Sweden might be a very happy
country one of its biggest exports are
massive military war machines so there's
a there's a synergy to all of this that
just like you're drawing about my
analogies you drive down the middle
class in Los Angeles you know I look at
these people there's a dentist there's a
doctor these people are doing great they
like their jobs they have their nice
home they have their they have their
family the ideal American dream but yeah
what's on the other side of that
middle-class neighborhood extreme slums
and extreme wealth and that's the way
the world is so that's why Finland and
Denmark exist in the class middle middle
ground that they do because of all the
extremes around them so you're okay oh I
see what you're saying so you look at
them they're like the middle class of
the world in a sense so you can't
extract that oh I see so you look at it
as one hole now that's not to discount
the important information we learn from
them you know there's right that we
should be looking at these countries to
see what's working in terms of
increasing public health and ecological
stability because some of these
countries and even in areas of Germany
and so on they're doing robust things to
create more sustainability but they
still exist in pockets and as long as
the empires maintain themselves as they
do China the United States Russia their
gravity that what they actually do will
continue to affect the entire planet and
the extremes of their behavior are going
to make a lot of the stuff that's
happening in these other smaller
countries kind of moot especially in
terms of development of sustainability
so so let's start let's start with how I
don't think people realize I think
people individually realize how tough
they have it and how hard it is to tread
water and we can say things like
gofundme x' number one thing is to
campaigns are for medical expenses you
have a great statistic you have many
great statistics that that kind of that
are great examples of how bad things
have gotten with our system our economic
system and one of those things and I've
been repeating ever since I read it was
63% of people in the United States can't
afford $1,000 emergency
and so this is the richest country in
the world right and and the history in
the world and yet sixty-three percent of
its population is poor is can't afford a
thousand dollar emergency fifty percent
of people are poor low-income 50% of all
wage earners or thirty thousand dollars
or less so do you have any more of these
great statistics to show how our system
has failed I should have made a
statistic list but I mean you know look
at the the debt more for ethics from a
couple years ago but I think if I'm
number correctly 43 percent of people
live beyond their means every year now
the United States yeah not because
they're just greedy
you know people that want their new TVs
right you know there's an element of
social inclusion that's inherent to us
as a species where yeah people want to
be included in what the society as a
whole is doing so that's what poor
really to be poor really means you're
not included right right if we lived in
Mexico this is a kind of an aside we've
lived in a rural area of Mexico and
everyone has great happiness indexes out
there and they have good public health
but they're poor but they don't know
they're poor it's like the public health
research in Cuba when they're isolated
and they're not experiencing this
massive wealth divide and the feeling of
kind of marginalization because they
don't have certain economic means or
certain elements of include inclusion
and they can't go out and do this with
that other rich people can do this
creates sickness when people experience
that and if you don't have that and this
gets to the heart of what it means to
have relative poverty and why
socio-economic inequality is so
destructive so you know there's if you
go through epidemiological research
getting peer review studies just look at
it I encourage anyone to do this look at
what economic inequality correlates to
in countries that have the most of it
the United States off-the-chart violence
so the correlation drug addiction it's a
pre you could you use the term
precondition that capitalism is a
precondition for violence murder could
you explain it that way I think from a
public health standpoint a precondition
is something that comes before so you
know precondition to to getting a
certain disease to have exposure to
certain things so to speak you could
also say precondition to traffic cars to
kill license and so on but the point
being is if you have a certain a certain
foundation in your society
you can correlate to which has been
statistically done to numerous outcomes
than that state becomes a precondition
predictably so and you know very well
precondition is to getting a better
example it could in cancer would be to
smoke cigarettes not I'm not everybody
who gets cancer smoke spirit lung cancer
not everybody who smoke cigarettes gets
cancer I should say but there's a
statistical probability that people that
are involved in that exposure are going
to have that problem and that's where we
are with with say American economic the
American zeitgeist as it were so a good
percentage of the population is going to
turn into really hideous materialists or
is gonna become more authoritarian
sensors the rise of Trump or is gonna
condone really Brut policies in in the
Middle East and all of this again these
this exceptionalism in America so
there's the idea of a precondition means
something that comes before and if you
want to get rid of all those caustic
outcomes you get rid of the precondition
and that's my whole argument in the book
is we have to do something different
with our economy it is the foundation of
everything the Neolithic Revolution
happened 12,000 years ago it set the
stage for agriculture settlement cities
trade exchange labor specialization
suddenly the entire architecture of what
we know as our market economy it was
built from that point on and we've been
in this this this disputed group group
istic in-group out-group warring machine
ever since now keep in mind I'm before
that 99% of human history no money our
markets live egalitarian so anyone that
gives you that human right human nature
argument humans are just mean you know
the whole Western philosophy
you know from John Locke to Adam Smith
to to any of those folks so they they
all look at Thomas Malthus of course
they all look at human society as this
this mean cruel thing that we are just
these beasts and that this is the way it
is but that is absolutely debunked by
the historical record because so another
way of saying that is is people who
advocate for selfishness yeah right
correct and you make that point in the
book that that's not actually a good way
to to form an economic system based on
self-interest right I would say they
that because of the the the determinism
that happened when we created
agriculture we created
this warring machine that that before
that time didn't actually exist I'm
trying to put this in terms of various
it was the time when human beings were
hunter-gatherers yes and then they made
the switch to agriculture yes and then
set the stage for all the the I call it
geographical determinism which is I hate
to sound technical but ultimately what
it means is that you have you have all
the characteristics that you define of
our so we have property rights in our
society obviously if you do something
you want to protect it someone else
might steal it that doesn't have the
resource you have you have you have
security issues obviously it's similar
to property rights you have capital
which is that that engine of creation
that's done mostly through money but
also relates to labor and so on and all
of that was codified at that period of
time I want to make sure this point is
very clear I apologize I'm gonna explain
it very well we are on the trajectory we
are because of the the Agricultural
Revolution and we have to get out of
this trajectory and reorganize our
economy if we expect there to be any
kind of harmony on this planet and if we
expect to maintain ecological stability
or homeostasis with the habitats this is
where we are at this point in time and
how we organize that is going to be the
defining feature of the next century
because as of right now not to jump to
the end here but I want to make this but
before I forget with the advent of the
pollution crisis with everything that's
happening in terms of resource overshoot
biodiversity loss about 30 years from
now the refugee crisis is gonna go from
65 million to probably about 200 million
as the as the climate change starts to
dry out more regions and sub-saharan
Africa and in Asia while the other lush
regions start to flood because of the
rise of the ocean so what is that gonna
mean all of our ponder ences of
democracy and so on and become rather
moot when the Western society in Europe
is gonna have an influx of people from
these regions that have nowhere else to
go
and this is because of climate change
getting not only the in the encroachment
of the sea but the reduction in topsoil
correct there's a whole litany of things
and I want to point out it's not because
of those things it's because we have an
economic system that has absolutely no
regard for any balance with the
environment
next live Jimmy Dore shows July 1st in
Portland Oregon there's a link for
tickets for all of our live shows right
there and if you can remember please
take a moment to make sure you're
subscribed to the show it only takes a
second you probably think you're
subscribed but you probably aren't just
make sure you subscribe click that Bell
so they send you a notice when we drop a
video otherwise they won't tell you and
if you become a premium member or a
patreon we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we do a live
chat every Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific
time where you can ask us questions and
we'll answer them plus her on steam it
we're steaming it right now
[Music]
