have a buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with rob the code howdy
howdy jimmy his new short haircut hi
rod Picone hey guess what I am I have a
mic I was one to The Huffington Post
it's my you what do they call that my
splash page oh yeah so I put I had a
vast blast page like 5 years ago and I
just never changed it I hardly ever read
it anymore
I don't almost never read it they had it
just grows on ya they stay they have
multiple dumb articles about Aziz Ansari
over there at Huffington Post you should
check those out here is this was the
article I saw this morning this is the
first thing I read this morning it like
6 o'clock in the morning I like to wake
up in the dark right and when it's still
dark out and go to the bathroom it makes
me feel hmm anyway and by the way it's
dark in LA I've lived here for 20 years
whatever I didn't realize it was it
start till like almost 7 o'clock in the
morning in the winter yeah oh that yeah
no I I didn't know that actually I used
to do morning radio once a week so I
know I used to get up and go all the
time to the airport I never realized how
dark it was I guess anyway Huffington
Post this was the thing introducing
Huffington Post opinion and HuffPost
personal and some news regarding our
contributors platform that's from the
editor-in-chief person that's how do you
say your name Paul Green Olivia Pole
green Lydia Pole green so I start
reading this and I'm like what what's
going on well this is this is how it
started this is our this is kind of a
funny writing
I thought we live in a cacophonous world
now I gotta get in freakin dictionary
what it could come so we live at a
cacophonous world thousands of voices
shout for our attention from our social
media timelines and TV screens it's hard
to know what deserves our focus and
what's a tune out I tuned out a lot of
stuff at the Huffington and Huff Post we
believe it's our job to bring you our
audience the most thoughtful diverse and
provocative points of view from across
the globe we've just decided not to do
that for the last year and a half they
do some great work enough to post but
it's all Trump all the time
so today we are launching two new
sections opinion and personal huh what
the hmm the new opinion section will
feature a mix of regular column guests
and one-off guests writers that sounds
sexual and one-off guests hey hey we
want to go one off has a big one off we
had a one off back in the 90s yeah ah my
I was my mom caught me one often in the
shower
[Laughter]
and a-one and one off guest writers
commissioned by our opinion editors to
produce smart authentic timely and
rigorous op eds I like Morris my up
ahead it's like a pet did the rope climb
it's very rigorous my rabbi op ed went
through an obstacle course record time
very rigorous does that mean rigorous
yeah no I was thinking that as I've
never you never I've never heard anyone
say that boy I was reading this article
how is it rigorous super rigorous super
rigorous Abed this morning yeah tell ya
if someone said that to you they'd go
how's the op-ed rigorous you go I don't
think you know what that would be you
need to get a different word okay so our
goal is to help our audience better
understand the break-neck news cycle and
shed light on stories that aren't
getting enough attention really well
they talk a lot about underrepresented
stories like Trump Russia they do a lot
of that yeah yeah well that's what you
say they're gonna do yeah a lot of the
truth I've got to cover that so she's
saying the opinion was gonna shed light
on stories that aren't getting enough
attention in their opinion section I bet
I bet not we will feature these
colonists by lines prominently across
the site so that you will come to
recognize a set of smart reliable voices
you can come back to again and again
yeah that's how newspapers respond
that's how it always is supposed to work
mmm that's how news shows put together
yeah well you have a guy people like
them or you have a news reporter or a
person or a host or whatever people like
them they they feel comfortable getting
their news that that's what they're
saying you know this thing that's the
way they've always worked news
publications
you have colonists that people rely on
don't rely on Mike Barnicle
he's a regular guy know that Mike
Barnicle I like him just you know he's a
plagiarist anyway the new personal
section will feature commissioned
first-person essays by guest writers as
well as person first content including
features Kiawah days and interviews
written by Huff Post reporters exploring
the experience of LA and lives of
celebrities newsmakers and everyday
individuals oh God it's exactly what we
need less exploring the experiences and
lives of celebrities new I don't I don't
I hope they mean it in a good way so
I'll take it in a good way the new as we
roll out these changes we are ending the
HuffPo I say I bury the lead and so
today as we roll out these changes we
are ending the Huff Post contributor
platform that's over that's over you
know where anybody anybody with a
computer could go post and say I'm a
HuffPo writer that's over I guess mm-hmm
the platform which launched in May 2005
was a revolutionary idea at the time
give a megaphone to lots of people some
famous some completely unknown to tell
their stories at that time social
networks barely existed Facebook was a
nascent dating site for college students
Twitter had not been invented I don't
even think YouTube was around yet the
platforms were so many people now share
their views like LinkedIn people share
views on LinkedIn yeah I can't have you
ever been to LinkedIn I do have a
LinkedIn profile
I check it like once every three months
I don't even think my current city is
there a my LinkedIn profile I made it
when I was doing grad school oh you're
in skradski oh yeah yeah I don't I
haven't I received these LinkedIn
invitations I hope they don't mean
anything cuz I don't I never you never
checked it out you know I'm from link
that I need another thing
LinkedIn I don't need a resume I have a
special I don't know anyone that
actually uses it although
only some people do okay medium and
others were far in the future now there
are many places where people could share
and exchange ideas perhaps a few too
many one of the biggest challenges we
all face in an era where everyone has a
platform it's figuring out who to listen
to I don't have that I don't have that
hard of a time open platforms that once
seemed radically democratizing now
threaten this is her words with the
tsunami of false information we all face
daily to undermine democracy when
everyone has a megaphone no one can be
heard our hope is that by listening
carefully through all the noise we can
find the voices that need to be heard
and elevate them all for you and elevate
them for all of you so that's why they
say they're doing it and I was like
that's what I bet that's because I knew
well that Jordan Chariton had filed of
23.5 million dollar lawsuit against them
and well because they wrote they
published a blog post that accused him
of rape and then of course they had to
take it down right away but they
published it and that's kind of how
their system worked well here the Fox
News actually picked up on it because
you know they're freaking love in it Fox
News says liberal HuffPost grabs
contributor network amid tsunami of
false information so that so they talked
about they they they say they the Fox
News thinks it had something to do with
this
they say the twenty-three point five
million dollar suit was filed with the
Supreme Court of New York last month and
alleges that contributor Christian G
oculus defamed journalist Jordan
Chariton by publishing a sense deleted
story detailing allegations of sexual
misconduct against him according to the
New York Post
Jordan was fired by the Young Turks
after the story was published by the
Huff Post according to the post the
story has since been deleted from The
Huffington Post and Sheridan settled
with TYT but
his attorney took issue with the Huff
postal placing the story under its news
section allowing it to be picked up by
Google as News the Huff Post did not
immediately respond to whether or not
the lawsuit had anything to do with the
decision to scrap the platform a source
close to the situation said the move was
part of a much larger strategic shift
and a refocus of resources on quality
reporting and journalism it's so they're
saying it's a co-inky-dink
so Huff Post is saying it's a coinkidink
that they're doing this now
it made an unverified hoax that did not
follow journalistic protocols seemed to
the reader to be the product of
journalistic process attorney William
Moran told Fox News Chaka Luce has since
published a bizarre post on medium in
which he admits to being an extremely
violent and unstable person with a
history of domestic violence and abuse
while attempting to explain why he wrote
the story that triggered the lawsuit the
request is this is the guy who wrote
that article that's been deleted from
her post he says the reasons I wrote the
story are hard to explain really isn't
that weird yes the reasons why I wrote
the story are hard to explain the
circumstances around which it were
written are complicated you you wrote
you write the story because you thought
someone was assaulted sexually assaulted
and you wanted to tell the story that's
why you would tell it what's coming yeah
I mean that that's the only reason if
you're going to publish a story where
you accuse someone yeah where you hew
someone is something you should have you
know that would be why you would do it
I'll be why you would do it and if you
have any other incentive then I mean
maybe you're not supposed to be
publishing this story yeah well I like
what other that what others are there
what else wouldd you would anyway he
says I rushed out that article and was
thrust into the middle of this you can't
article and then claimed someone oh he
makes it sound like someone's putting
him in the middle of it I was thrust
into it I mean yeah you thrust yourself
into it you wrote the freaking article
right yeah you thrust yourself into it
what a friggin weird way to say that
right yeah you can't make an accusation
against someone and then be like I don't
want to be put in the middle of it yeah
don't put me in the middle of this thing
public accusation I want to be in the
middle of this that's that's not how
that works yeah that works I rushed out
the article it was thrust into the
middle of this in hindsight it was a bad
way to go about it
do you think Moran explained that the
situation involving his client is an
example of exactly how dangerous the
Huffington Post system could have been
if the wrong people used the platform
here and here's the young turks tweeted
this out about Jordan Church and they go
tea white tea and Jordan Chariton have
reached a mutual settlement while Jordan
and I had disagreements while he was
working for tea white tea we never said
or meant to infer that he stole anything
from us this chapter is now closed so
I'm that sounds like it was written by
the jenk huger who's the CEO of the
company and when they when they split
company The Young Turks didn't make any
comment on the allegations in that
article though they didn't say we're not
talking about that we they talked about
some Jordan was mixing business he had
his own website and they were they
didn't they weren't comfortable I you
know I don't I'll let them you go watch
the video but anyway it was out there I
guess that they were that could be
interpreted that Jordan did some
malfeasance with the money and this is
saying they did he didn't mm-hmm so it
seems like they reached him Hamma Keable
parting which is nice mmm that's nice
that happened it's nice that that got to
get out it's good it's a nice conclusion
and so I think that's interesting that
HuffPo has completely changed their
platform and it comes right on the heels
of this and what do you think make of it
do you make anything of this well I
think that you know get if they you know
a lawsuit like that is out there I would
say it's not hard to infer that this is
if not maybe not the cause but probably
the straw that broke the camel's back I
mean I have a feeling having a platform
like that has had some problems probably
in the past for Huffington Post and this
might be the straw that broke the
camel's back this article was published
that you know didn't really follow
standards of journalism had to be
deleted right away but in the meantime
still showed up in a Google search and
now you know the the outlet itself is
facing some he for that because they let
it go so yeah I mean I think it's it was
likely if I had to make an assessment
I'd say like that's the straw that broke
the camel's back were they're like all
right we can't have this this
open-source thing anymore and Huffington
Post has grown from 2005 till now
substantially so I mean I guess it's
like they're pretty much just their own
newspaper now and that interactive part
of it and I do think they have a point
that it's no longer necessary because
there's just more outlets out there now
yeah yeah it was quite a big deal when
they first launched it was and to say
Omaha fire you know you buy buy lines at
HuffPo like whoa and now it's not really
I know I know other people have had they
take they took stuff down then I think
yeah I think Jake cougar was their
number one blogger at one point he might
still be I don't know mm-hmm I know a
lot of people that used to do stuff with
the comedy section and then that kind of
changed to where they kind of just more
you know filter just just bigger comedy
that's out there yeah like from The
Daily Show yes and they just they would
post by the way The Huffington Post
would post our clips mm-hmm on their
comedy well not not like all the time
they did a couple times mm-hmm
someone over at The Huffington Post it
was aware of our show this is back when
we were doing it at Current TV and so
they would we would only we were only
doing one show a week right so we there
weren't that many clips to choose from
but they put up our Luke Russert we did
our first Luke Russert phone call mm-hmm
and they put that up on Huffington Post
and Luke Russert blocked me no really
that's we're pretty how are separately
hard-on Luke Russert because world is
the world has been pretty easy on them
we want extra hard on someone's gotta be
I'm sure he's a nice person I'm sure
Luke Russert is a nice person and
what-have-you but you know uh when you
get a quarter million dollar a year job
without without ever act
happening to work mmm you get to be made
fun of I bet he got more money than that
anyway so there you go
that's the that's a cool story obviously
the Fox News it wants to twist it or
wants to spin it I'm not saying they're
twisting anything there but they're
highlighting the you know the that the
lawsuit and the article and the tsunami
of misinformation quote and all that
stuff so it's funny to see how Fox News
wants to say see often post is all full
of fake tsunami news right that's what
they're going yeah but I mean I'm a
little surprised having to post it and
do that since yes I know just by the way
their outlets evolve I can't believe it
took this long mm-hmm right I can't
believe it took this long but anyway so
there you go by the way I was used to be
on The Huffington Post they would have
these things where they would have like
six people and you would all be talking
and there'd be a moderator at the
huffington post and one time I just lit
into this guy who was defending the Wall
Street and this was like you you know he
goes I wrote a book on walls there I go
you need to read a book on Wall Street
anyway they never had me back after I
told the truth about that stuff out
there and I got a little heated that was
it they're like okay but you weren't
paying me anyway it's all free yeah
I remember I used to read the comedy
section like all the time because it was
all like independent bloggers and stuff
and comedians and and then that sort of
evolved to just be like here's a clip
from something you can see on cable
television it's like oh well I came here
for something I can't see on cable
television because otherwise I would
just pay her turn it on like here's a
clip of Stephen Colbert telling you how
what would a jerk Trump is hey here's a
clip of Samantha bee telling you what a
jerk Trump is hey here's a clip of The
Daily Show tell you what a jerk Trump is
here's a clip of the bell bar show is
really what a jerk hey
here's a clip Jesus Christ I get it I
get it you know what I was started doing
comedy about George Bush after the Iraq
war there are a lot of people who will
get mad at you for doing that
right you get in trouble right you won't
get booked at certain places and stuff
like I was doing I did it in
Houston I flew into the George Bush
frickin Airport and I went and made fun
of them after 9/11 and so but now making
fun of Trump it's just like even people
who voted for Trump make fun of them
right and so it's not it's not right
they do everybody makes fun of them and
you know even when remember we
interviewed Nick Smith and he said you
know well I always thought Trump was
Jack a loudmouth Yankee who should have
got his ass kicked a long time ago but a
lot of people voted for him because
we're desperate yeah so yeah so I don't
know it just it just to me it's just I
get you got to make fun of the president
especially he's the buffoon he is but
come on there's other stuff to make fun
of it just doesn't seem challenging
you're not sticking your neck out and I
think it's for me I'm what I'm trying to
do nice to end up now is try to attack
the system that gave us Trump and try to
expose people's eyes to yeah you think
Trump is bad well guess what you get rid
of them things are still shitty mmm so
I'm still I'm trying to you know it's
you know people don't go to comedy clubs
for that kind of stuff but if you make
it funny anyway so thank you very much
for watching our show please make sure
you subscribed even if you think you are
their own subscribing people our next
live show is February 16th that's a
Friday night in Burbank California we're
also gonna be in Austin right yep what
is that Martin up March 25th details
cuts we're gonna have a lead for tickets
hopefully within a couple days we'll
have the hopefully fingers crossed we'll
have the link for tickets and we're
going to the state theater in Austin
March 25th okay thanks for your support
you
