so now it's not the people of Syria
fighting Assad it's all the pickets all
jihadists from Libya and Saudi Arabia
and wherever else in the Mideast are
coming there to be paid by the CIA and
Saudi Arabia to overthrow Assad has
nothing to do with the United States
nothing to do with our security has
everything to do with the petrol dollar
and why do I know this for a fact and
you'll never see by the way you'll never
see any of this discussion on CNN and
you'll never get to see this video on
CNN ever here's John Kerry in front of
the House Foreign Affairs Committee and
he's talking about Saudi Arabia offering
to pay
I'm gonna guess Saudi Arabia and Qatar
to pay for our military to overthrow
Assad you think I'm kidding let's listen
first I've heard of it
with respect to Arab countries offering
to bear cost and to assess the answers
profoundly yes with the question of Arab
countries willing to bear costs let's
listen again first I've heard of it with
respect to arrack countries offering to
bear cost and to assess the answers
profoundly yes profoundly profoundly yes
it's better can you expand on that
please expand hoo-hoo how am I who what
secretary and the the details on the
offer and the proposal on the table what
what are the figures that we're talking
about well we don't know what action
we're engaged in right now but they've
been quite significant I mean very
significant
in fact watch how he giggles right
before he says it
some of them have said that if the
United States is prepared to go do the
whole thing the way we've done it
previously in other places they'll carry
that cost that's how dedicated they
aren't this if the United States is
willing to go do it alone like they've
done in other cases what other cases you
mean Afghanistan you mean Iraq you mean
Libya what are you talking about that
they'll still bear the cost that's
exactly what he just said I'll play it
one more time here we go secretary and
the the details on the offer and the
proposal on the table what what are the
figures that we're talking about well we
don't know what action were engaged in
right now but they've been quite
significant I mean very significant in
fact some of them have said that if the
United States is prepared to go do the
whole thing the way we've done it
previously in other places they'll carry
that cost that's how dedicated they are
this obviously that but I'm it but I'm
the conspiracy theorist because I tell
the truth I just repeat what John Kerry
said and let's remember CNN is not there
to inform you they're there to make
money and they take ads from the
military-industrial complex and they
take ads from fossil fuel companies and
that's why we're at war and when all of
a sudden YouTube independent voices poke
holes in their lies they smear us here's
what's happening so here's the natural
gas pipeline that Qatar Saudi Arabia
wants to put through Syria and so they
can sell it to Europe well guess who
sells it to Europe now Russia wants to
sell it to Europe and so that's why
there's gonna be maybe a world war three
over this so here's that article I'm CNN
here it is exclusive YouTube brand ads
from hundreds of brands on extremist
channels oh boy here comes
YouTube has a billion hours viewed every
day a billion hours of content viewed
every day and so sometimes ads slip
through their algorithms and get on
certain channels that those advertisers
wouldn't be friendly with but those
advertisers don't have any problem
advertising when CNN pushes this
conspiracy about WMDs in Iraq that's ok
or pushes a conspiracy about that we
need to go into Libya and advocates for
literally killing people so in CNN
literally advocates for killing people
that's advertised just so you know
that's advertised I'm a peace activist
I'm advocating for peace and date ons
and they'll de monetize my videos
because I'm advocating for peace and
date on and telling the truth about war
and here's some of their article and by
the way you've seen all the other
bidders already a million videos about
this Jenk youger destroyed this
yesterday on his show destroyed this
everybody has destroyed this who's
taking a look at it everybody even
people who don't like me even people who
don't like me and have called me every
name in the book have done videos
defending me that's how aft up CNN is on
this and they're in trouble by the way
this isn't going to end good for them
it's going to be an embarrassment for
them even more so than it is today this
is not gonna end well
okay ads from over 300 companies and
organizations including tech giants
major retailers newspapers and
government agencies ran on YouTube
channels promoting white nationalists
Nazis pedophilia conspiracy theories and
North Korean propaganda a CNN
investigation has found it's funny how
they investigated without ever
contacting me that weird wouldn't you
want to contact one of the guys who are
target of your of your story for a quote
maybe the that would be journalism 101
sorry Stefan no just maybe they were
unable to figure out how to actually
contact somebody as an interview they
maybe they could get maybe they could
get an app like hey they they don't even
know how to us check fax they had to
team up with factcheck.org so they could
check facts there are news organization
you think they would have some kind hey
you guys how do we check facts around
here we don't do that well that's good
isn't there an app or something that
could do that factcheck.org is there a
website let's team up with them and
they'll fact check that's what CNN is so
uh companies such as all these companies
have unknowingly helped finance some of
these channels via the advertisements
they paid for on Google on YouTube now
what CNN doesn't tell you is that CNN is
competing with YouTube for advertising
dollars which is a major journalistic
omission a major journalist of course it
is US tax dollars way of God to the
channels to ads from five government
agencies such as the Department of
Transportation Centers for Disease
Control appeared on hold on can I just
say this about as tax dollars yeah okay
you know where my tax dollars are going
just seven wars that I don't want to
participate right and if I say this is
 up all these wars you're an
extremist you're a conspiracy theorist
extremist according to CNN CNN which has
pushed every war in my lifetime every
war many of the companies that responded
to CNN so they cut so what CNN does is
they didn't go and Khan
Tec the advertisers they contact me they
contact the advertisers they're going
hey you know your ass so there this is
like nefarious underhanded this
is unethical so but many of the
companies that responded to see and say
we're underwear their ads have been
placed on these channels and we're
investigating how they ended up there
one of the companies Under Armour is
pausing its advertising mission
accomplished CNN is pausing its
advertising by on the platform after CNN
notified the company its ads appeared on
a white nationalist YouTube channel
called wife with a purpose
YouTube's bottom line hasn't been hints
at Nicole Peron a senior analyst and
emarketer who covers advertising and
marketing technology if brands want to
make sure things stop the only way for
that to happen is for them to stop
spending on YouTube until it's fixed
well that's weird that you would want
CNN would want them to stop spending on
my channel because they had Rand Paul on
their network saying exactly what I said
maybe advertisers should know that they
provide a platform to Rand Paul maybe
they think he's an extremist and a
conspiracy theorists do because he says
the exact same thing we say here but
you're airing it on CNN so this isn't
about journalism this is about getting
advertising off their competitors
platform brands continue advertising on
YouTube to reach a huge audience
especially younger generations
why because could you I keep saying this
fake number could you look up the real
number what's the average age of cnn's
viewer I'm gonna guess it's 67 years old
the YouTube says it has over a billion
users that everyday those users watch a
billion hours of video CD eight six the
average age viewer of you to of CNN 68
three years past retirement that is
their average age viewer
and YouTube has the has the younger
viewers and so now this is a what
they're trying this is a journalism this
is them trying to get you trying to get
a competitor defunded YouTube continues
to place ads on channels run by the
online and digital network Infowars
which is also anti-war which is also
going against trump on war so Infowars
getting the war right in that weird info
wars is are for anti intervention like a
lot of people on the right like most of
the country that's not an extreme
position that Infowars has that's a
mainstream position it only sounds like
it's radical because it's never repeated
back to you in the mainstream news media
just like Chomsky taught us which nobody
at CNN has ever read Chomsky because if
they did they couldn't look themselves
in the mirror because they would know
what they're doing is being a cog in an
evil wheel of disinformation about war
and what Chomsky taught us is that they
don't want you to think that other
people think like you so your opinion is
never reflected back in the media so you
think you're the only one thinking like
that so when people watch someone like
Infowars they go wow they must be crazy
because they're the only one saying that
war is wrong no they're actually
reflecting the majority of the country's
opinion that's what they're doing
Infowars which is notorious for
promoting conspiracy theories again
conspiracy biggest conspiracy theory of
my lifetime was pushed by CNN which was
Saddam has WMDs and we should attack him
the biggest conspiracy theory in the
history of this country that I've lived
through see
was full-throated at the top of their
lungs ubiquitous pushing for war Saddam
had WMDs
so was the Washington Post and The New
York Times and every other goddamn
establishment newspaper and MSNBC fired
anyone who said the opposite and so now
they can't control us at YouTube and
this is how they're trying to control us
and I said it last week as soon as I
become a threat they're gonna try and
shut us down I'm a threat baby
congratulations now the real fight
starts now the real smearing starts I
saw what they're doing I showed you what
to do in a Dennis Kucinich right now at
huffington post all the media is owned
by six companies keep that in mind and
who are those six companies those are
the people who are supposed to be
protesting and overturning youtube
continues to place ads out channels run
by online a digital network Infowars
which is notoriously Bernardi conspiracy
theories despite the backlash I got from
advertisers in the wake of CNN's
reporting in March so this happened last
year
you know ad pocalypse happened cuz CNN
did this again last year the ad
pocalypse happened they D monetized and
defunded all independent news then we
had to build our way we had to claw our
way back and now I'm caught back we're
we're maybe halfway back to where we
were maybe but still every time I tell
the truth about war they de monetize it
I did a video last week where I just
showed a video of Chris Hayes talking
about Gaza and the Israeli snipers
shooting unarmed people he reported that
at MSNBC and it blew everyone's mind
that he was allowed to tell the truth
about it for three whole minutes 300
minutes whoa
then I decided to play it on my show
YouTube demonetized it
despite CNN has since found that YouTube
also put ads for Mozilla and 20th
Century Fox films on a Nazi YouTube
channel
the genius of play a campaign by the toy
Association promoting play and child
development has also pulled its ads from
YouTube
mission accomplished after CNN found
that ads for the campaign were placed on
Amos Yi's channel which says which he
has used to promote pedophilia a billion
hours of viewing time a day and their
algorithm doesn't catch everything
catches on although our stuff believe me
especially when we're accurate and
that's what and this so they're
manufacturing a phony crisis and now
they're and now using this hysteria to
try to defend a competitor that's what
it looks like from this analysis red
star TV says it's an information project
of the dprk solidarity group in which
truthful information about North Korea
is translated and disseminated a
representative for the group told CNN
that it is officially recognized by
North Korea and receives quote
information support from the regime if
the channels are monetized which
Infowars has previously claimed they are
the major newspapers could have
unknowingly supported disinformation and
conspiracy you mean like they
unwittingly supported our ward in Libya
and unwittingly supported our war in
Iraq and are unwittingly supporting the
war we started in Syria what CNN will
never tell you that because that would
hurt their advertising dollars ads also
appeared on oh here it is and then right
at the bottom of the article right
before it ended they had to do a false
equivalence and because our show is
taking off and we call out CNN on a
daily basis they
- then smear us and put us in at the end
of the article and here it is ads also
appeared on the Jimmy Dore Show channel
a far left YouTube channel folks even
people who hate my guts and have their
own show
don't call me far left you know why they
don't call me far left because I
advocate for things that are popular
with the majority of the country
Medicare for all free college ending the
wars bans on fracking taxing Wall Street
breaking up the big banks a jobs program
infrastruc these are all things that the
majority of Americans are for but CNN
because they need to smear me so they
can try to get us deep deep advertised
because they don't have anybody under 68
watching their goddamn news
show because anybody under 68 years old
knows it's they have to do this
to actual Stu shows that have actual
Millennials watching they call us a
far-left YouTube channel that peddles i
panel conspiracy theories such as that
the Syrian chemical weapons attacks are
hoaxes there's so there you go here's
Ron Paul
on CNN reaction did the White House
undercut ambassador Haley well I think
before you talk about sanctions we had
to talk about you know what evidence is
there that the run that Russia was
complicit in this attack
in fact for that matter I still look at
the attack and say you know a Saudi that
must be the dumbest dictator on the
planet or maybe didn't do it I have yet
to see evidence that he did to it the
intelligence agencies claim they have
that evidence but think about it does it
make any sense he's been winning the war
for the last couple of years the only
thing that would galvanize the world to
attack Assad directly is a chemical
attack
it killed relatively few people compared
to what can be killed with traditional
bombs traditional machine guns
traditional tanks and so you wonder
really what logic would there be for
Assad to be using chemical weapons so
before we get to the Russians we have to
first determine that the Syria was
implicated and that really we ought to
determine what the connection is between
Russia and Iran Syria is attacked as you
know and not just the US but France and
the UK are they participated in the
bombing of these chemical sites in Syria
are you saying
senator the president had bad
intelligence I don't know I haven't seen
the intelligence I we have a briefing
this afternoon where I may see some of
this but the difficulty is these things
are not a slam-dunk this was back in
2013 President Obama looked at that
chemical attack and at that point in
time there were his general saying hey
it's not a slam-dunk because you can
detect that the ricean planes you can
detect that Syrians drop bombs but it's
sometimes difficult to know whether they
bombed an existing Depot of weapons and
the rebels have been known to use
chemical weapons or whether the Syrians
did it if the Syrians did it he gets
back to the question Assad must be the
dumbest dictator on the planet to use
chemical weapons when he knows from
previous evidence it's the only thing
that gets the world galvanized to attack
him so that's the brilliance of CNN
first of all they call me an extremist
and a conspiracy theorist for saying
exactly what they just let Rand Paul say
on his station on their own station they
provided a platform
for a sitting senator to say exactly
what I said by the way I never said
hopes so right there that's legally
slanderous this is not over by the log
shot and then they provide a platform
for a sitting senator to say exactly
what I just said on their own Network
are they going to call him an extremist
who peddles and conspiracy theories even
though it's CNN that peddles and
conspiracy theories of WMDs are they
going to do that to him no because he
doesn't have a youtube channel that
competes with them guess who does I do
guess who takes millions of viewers away
from CNN my show does every month you
want to hear from a real reporter this
is Robert Fisk who's Robert Fisk Jimmy
well Robert Fisk is an English writer in
a journalist he has been Middle East
correspondent intermittently since 1976
for various media and since 1989 he has
been correspondent for the independent
primarily based in Beirut this holds
numerous British and international
journalism awards I wonder how many
awards are held by those people who
wrote that articles slandering me I'm
gonna guess zero
I'm gonna guess they're interns right
out of college I don't know who they are
I've never seen them or met him but I
will see him and I will meet him that's
happening Fiske holds numerous British
and international journalism awards
including the press Awards foreign
reporter of the year seven times seven
times press awards foreign reporter of
the year Robert Fisk now he went to duma
to check out the get the gas attack and
the legitimacy of it
and he's going to tell the truth about
it right now let's listen he's found the
clinic where the film of the children
being doused with water and put water in
their mouths and all that that he's
found the clinic so the video you see is
real but the people on the video not
suffering from gas poisoning this is
from seven-time award winner of the
press Awards born reporter of the Year
award who's actually there they're
suffering from hypoxia not gas attack
hypoxia because of the amount of dust
that were in the tunnels which they live
