hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest with us
it's uh Nick Branagh
you know him as the founder of the and
director of the movement for a people's
parties here hi Nick how are you hey
Jimmy so here a little bit more about
Nicky this is what I have written on
this paper in front of you Nick and you
tell me how accurate is it says the
mission of the movement for a People's
Party is building move that's MPP
movement for a People's Party is
building a coalition of working people
unions community groups student chapters
academics progressive parties and left
organizations to launch a new People's
Party that's is that correct yep that's
right and so now you're in Los Angeles
that's why you're in the studio you've
been on the show before but always via
Skype so we'll tell people a what you're
doing in Los Angeles this weekend yeah
so in LA we are here going to the left
coast forum you're gonna be doing the
event with with Gayle McLaughlin right
Maria Estrada right about the California
Progressive Alliance we're working on
that but then the biggest reason that
we're here in LA and in San Francisco
and in Sacramento coming up is that
we're hosting a series of Labor forums
for a new party and that is we're
gathering the unions and labor
organizers in LA in Sacramento and in
San Francisco who want to found a major
new labor based party and we're bringing
them together so we've got about 50
people in each of these places who are
union organizers representatives of
various different unions and they're
coming together we have a two-pronged
strategy we want to number one run
create a slate of labor community
candidates and run those in 2019 and
then two we want to form a new labor
party advocates so the Labor Party
advocates in the 1990s was the
organization that a whole bunch of
different unions
came together and formed as a new party
it was the basis of a new party the
labor part and what happened in 90s well
what happened is that unfortunately they
kind of they were ahead of public
opinion
so at the time it was a number of major
unions
and in you for example realized that and
then you the National Nurses United okay
yeah and so they realized that the
Democratic Party was just essentially
like the Republican Party you know I
mean they had been undermining unions
public sector and private sector for
decades at that point and unionization
had declined by double digits and after
was that what was the final straw that
right right NAFTA was the final straw
exactly the way that they saw that the
Clinton administration and the Democrats
picked up right where bush senior left
off on NAFTA and at that at that point
it dawned on a lot of the unions that
the Democrats were not their allies and
that we needed a labor race party in the
United States like many Western
countries most Western countries have
labor based parties and so they formed
first an organization called Labor Party
advocates which is what we're looking to
form right now and the coalition that
we're creating right now of unions today
that want the same thing and then Labor
Party advocates launched the Labor Party
now at that time public opinion was you
know still very much in the throes of
neoliberalism that was the turn the
beginning of the New Democrats and so
the desire for an independent party was
fairly low at that point today public
opinion has caught up with where the
unions work back then when they did that
now it's almost two out of three
Americans who are calling for major new
party that's a record high so almost so
you're saying somewhere in the high 60s
it's 61 percent to 34 percent oh really
so 61 234 wants a new party 34 don't
that's right okay Wow so twice as many I
mean I'm not a math surgeon but it's
right up there and it's 71 percent of of
young people of Millennials okay
overwhelming so that's that's like seven
most funny though the most comic part of
this though is that half of the
Democrats so millions of people have
left the Democratic and Republican
parties over the past 15 years and
they've become independence independents
are now at about forty five percent
Democrats are about 27% of Americans
Republicans also 27%
Americans so millions of Americans have
left the two parties the establishment
parties but of the people who remain
inside the Democratic and Republican
parties the funniest part is that half
of them 52% of current Democrats who
haven't left say that the Democratic
Party does such a poor job that we need
a major third party so why do you think
no one's doing it why do you think I
mean I know you're working I mean when I
say no one I mean people who are
high-profile who could actually us can
instigate an exodus of elected Democrats
and powerful Democrats into a third
party that would challenge the Democrats
right so why do you think I mean if
there's so much support and a guy like
Bernie Sanders who spent thirty years
saying we need a third party why do you
think that they're not doing it it's a
kind of learned helplessness you know
that people have told themselves that it
can't be done and then that's a
self-fulfilling prophecy but it's been
done in our own history the Republican
Party replaced the wigs over abolition
at that point and it can be done again
it's just a bit and it was for you too
you know people forget that Eugene Debs
had a big influence as far as moving the
Democrats to the left yeah and you know
we don't have that right now so whatever
there's someone to the left
they just didn't dismiss them diminish
them and now they're outright calling
them Russians so if you don't if if you
don't give blind allegiance to a
two-party system you're brainwashed or a
Russian that's what people are saying
today I mean it that's how crazy it's
gotten have you noticed how crazy it's
got yeah and so my theory is the
pushback is so violent and so crazy it's
an add-on alex jones level nuts against
green party people and we're gonna talk
about it in the next story
it's so crazy not like for instance this
in ohio right so there was that election
for that special election and
celebrities like Alyssa Milano we're
tweeting out about it why would people
vote for a Green Party candidate in Ohio
when there's so much at stake I said I
suspect Russian meddling that's what she
said I saw that she saw that nots so my
point to her was you know 70% of that
district didn't vote right maybe what
maybe they didn't think there was a lot
at stake maybe that that Democratic
candidate couldn't convince 70% of the
people even Democrats he couldn't
convince to come out and vote for him so
it's not the Green Party the Green Party
is a totally separate party people get
to beat go ahead I'm sorry I'm stepping
on your answer go ahead I mean we've got
some of the lowest turnout rates in like
the Western world right you know and
that's because there is no option for
for people to vote for people understand
like working people understand this is
this is one of the remarkable things and
unfortunate dynamics inside the
progressive movement now is that those
majorities 61% of Americans you know 71%
of Millennials those basically working
people have decided you know they've
made up their minds we need a major new
party they see through the scam they
don't want to play around they don't
want to fiddle with the establishment
parties you know they don't want a
different variety or a different flavor
of it
no they want something new so that
that's what they're that's what they're
pushing for you know and it's the
progressive movement that incredibly
seems to be the one that's confused yes
and is wringing its hand Marie says oh I
don't know I don't know you know we
can't do this because every two years
you know we have to run back into the
burning house that we have so here's
what here's what they were off here's
what the Democrats were offering the
Green Party people they wanted the
greens to vote for the Democrats at Ohio
here's what they were offering them you
ready I'm voting for John Kasich the
last three times I voted for Trump
because I didn't like the way things
were going in Washington and now I'm
supporting Danny O'Connor because
Danny and I felt like he was very
genuine he's energetic young kind of
brings a new perspective John Kasich and
Daniel kind of both don't worry about
the labels of Democrat Republican
they're going to go get things done
either way
I'm Danny O'Connor and I approve this
message goddamn that's the Democrats now
you know why that the greens
didn't vote for him because he's saying
it's just like voted for John Kasich why
would an environmentalist vote for John
Kasich a union-busting guy who wants to
have every fracking royal going at full
speed why would they vote for a guy like
that this is what they were being
offered in Ohio
I'm guessing Alyssa Milano's never been
to Ohio you know the the most ridiculous
part about this is that this boiler
effect is not a immutable consequence of
democracy right it is a choice so choice
the two parties have made that you
didn't structure democracy differently
and they have simply decided not to so
if these two goddamn establishment
parties you know who have created this
system that that disenfranchises working
people that disenfranchises Americans
that prevents us from having a
multi-party system like most Western
countries now they want to complain when
they feel the effects of that give me a
break they could repeal it tomorrow with
rank-choice voting and multi-member
districts you're you are so people don't
realize that there's a thing called
ranked choice voting and you don't know
neat you don't need to know what that is
all you need to know what that is is
that if they implemented that it would
get rid of the spoiler effect meaning I
could vote for Jill Stein and if Jill
Stein didn't have enough votes to win
the election they would just throw Jill
Stein's name off the ballot and then
take all those votes for her and give it
to people's second choice which would
have been Hillary Clinton and then
Hillary Clinton would have won but that
they don't want they would rather have a
third party to blame for a loss that
that's my theory exactly they would
rather have a third party to blame for a
loss and to demonize because then if
there isn't a third party and there's
rank-choice voting and they lose anyway
then they have to blame themselves but
right now they're blaming the Russian
they're blaming Twitter trolls they're
blaming Facebook memes they're blaming
our sexism they're blaming racism and
they're blaming third parties they're
blaming the Greens which got the least
amount of votes they ever got Hillary
Clinton got three million more votes
than Donald Trump
how many more votes do you want
the real problem was the electoral
college and you don't have rank-choice
voting and the Democrats aren't talking
about either of those things right so
here's a note one more thing I want you
you've made me aware of this and I
whenever I tell people it bums them out
so here it comes
do you know how many so after Bernie
Sanders 2016 campaign they had brand new
Congress we've got our revolution we've
got all these protests as Democrats
we've got all these progressive
organizations primary and corporate
Democrats Nick I want you to tell people
how many corporate Democrats have been
successfully primary this primary season
how many one I'm an eat just one
wait a minute well how many yeah just
one Salon salon published it you know we
we did the so at when I was at our
revolution I was electoral manager there
it was my job to track things like this
I did the analysis myself I looked at
the disk and it goes more it goes
further than that Jimmy all of the
congressional primary candidates of the
progressive primary candidates who were
running inside the Democratic Party
who've won almost all of them have won
in super red districts like double-digit
red districts so that means that come
November most of these people are gonna
get wiped out you know and that they're
actually winning where they're winning
is not in the blue districts against
those incumbent establishment Democrats
some of those districts are districts
that you know voted like for Bernie in
2016 you know those are the districts
that you would actually want to
challenge instead most of the victories
are coming overwhelming majority the
victories are coming more than like
eighty percent in those super red
double-digit districts that the DNC
doesn't even contest because it
considers them that hopeless so how's
the progress go what do you want people
do you want to tell people who are
watching this video what do you want to
tell them what do you want them to do
well I want to tell people that we have
an opportunity to create a major new
party you know but we we have to act on
it what we're doing right now Jimmy in
addition to organizing with labour in
addition to building a coalition because
what needs to exist now there needs to
exist a kind of central nexus of within
labour that is unified and cohesive Lee
pushing for a new party so we're really
we're really fortunate to have some of
the founders of the original Labour
Party who are working with us on this
and the original Labour Party advocates
the other thing that we really want to
do that we just started is we are now
collecting ballot access pledges in
states across the country
so we had more than a hundred organizers
on a call just last night who are going
out and doing that so that's what I
would like to tell your viewers you know
we have an opportunity to do this we're
if we really act on it so in that way
what we're doing is when we submit for
ballot access as the People's Party we
want to know that in each state each
state has a different signature
requirement to get ballot access we want
to know ahead of time that we have the
signatures required to do that and so
the best way to do that is and that we
can do it quickly you know we can blow
them away
we can get terrific media coverage you
know applied for ballot access status
got it in you know whatever weeks so the
best way to do that is what we've
started doing now which is for
organizers you know many of them were on
the Bernie campaign to go out to and
canvass high-traffic areas to get
signatures for people who say yes you
know when you file for ballot access
contact me I'm gonna be the one who
wants you know I want to sign up for
that I want to be one of the signatures
one of the founding members of the
People's Party that's what we're doing
now and that's what I'd like to tell
your viewers to help us with okay where
can they go to do that for a People's
Party org the number for or fo are fo
are fo our a People's Party org you can
find us there the movement for a
People's Party
and you can fill out our please fill out
our volunteer form that's where we'll
put you in touch with the organizers
that we have in your state so we can
begin actually getting to each of those
benchmarks in each of the states okay um
well I'll see you this weekend at the
left forum and maybe think about just
calling it People's Party a People's
Party I like that movement for people's
party the People's Party absolutely that
was gonna be right if that if that's
what people want okay
movement every time I hear that just it
just doesn't hit my ear correctly but
anyway alright Nick
Branagh thank you very much for being
our guest and you're gonna stick around
for the rest of the show yeah absolutely
okay thanks for watching please make
sure you're subscribed even if you think
you are you're probably not it only
takes a second to check and then you
have to ring that Bell so they send you
a notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
