hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show you know how we kept saying that
the democratic national committee was
corrupted and they rigged the primary
towards hillary rodham clinton and
everyone said we were crazy remember
they kept saying that we were from the
courts were neutral debbie Wasserman
Schultz would go on CNN and say that
Trump Bernie supporters were as bad as
Trump supporters and that she's neutral
party the democratic party prevented a
fair and transparent process was it
unfair well first let me just reiterate
that the Democratic National Committee
remains neutral in this primary based on
our rules but when I heard what happened
at the Nevada State Democratic
convention this weekend I was deeply
disturbed remember that well she did
that and turns out Donna Brazile took
over after debbie Wasserman Schultz as
the DNC chair remember debbie Wasserman
Schultz had to resign and shame cuz the
wiki leaks revealed she was working in
collusion with the Hillary Clinton
campaign and then they passed it over to
Donna Brazile Donna Brazile who also
cheated Bernie Sanders by giving debate
questions to the Hillary Clinton
campaign and did all the other things
well here she is right this is an
excerpt from her new book in political
magazine inside the Hillary Clinton's
secret takeover of the DNC that's the
headline of the article inside Hillary
Clinton's secret takeover of the DNC
that's written by Donna Brazile so we
can have transparency in government if
we just give everybody a book deal we
just have to that's all we have to do we
have to get a book deal so now when I
said stuff like this I was called a
Putin bot I was called a right-winger
you sound just like the right-wingers
I've had people had producer from the
Family Guy tweet that at me you
sound just like a right-wing nut job
stuff like that that's the producer from
a Family Guy and now I wonder
what she's tweeting at Donna Brazile
today everybody calling me names you
know what's interesting is that people
because I wouldn't support Hillary
Clinton in the general I voted for that
environmentalist I voted for a green new
deal and so people come at me they go oh
you think you know better than everybody
about how to vote but what the are
you doing to me when you say that you
think you know better
me that I should have voted another way
that's pretty arrogant and smug they're
still doing it right now not to mention
they kept alluding to misogyny so every
time a man would come on this writing
and give evidence that was countered to
the narrative that they wanted us to
believe you were immediately called a
misogynist you're badgering women
although you were supporting Jill Stein
yes Donna Brazile said took Jordan
Chariton you're badgering we like
badgering women just like Trump that's
what she said to Jordan Chariton who was
acting her direct questions one of the
most powerful people in the country she
was a head of the DNC this is my
favorite part Dabney was not a good
manager if that's what down in Brazil
says about debbie Wasserman Schultz I
guess I'm not I guess if a woman says it
and who's it whose of colors it's not
sexist or racist to say it so that's
cool
thank God Donna Brazile has the ability
to say that if I said it I'm misogynist
and I'm some I'm anti woman and I'm a
right-winger so it just goes to show you
there is absolutely zero integrity and
the people who are attacking
progressives still so people like Donna
Brazile people like debbie
Wasserman Schultz people like Tom Perez
people like everybody at - David Brock
groups share blue or Peter Dow or Eric
boiler that medium man those people who
attack people at MSNBC the people who
attack progressives have zero integrity
and this proves it says everything we
said was right and all they did was
Gaslight us the whole goddamn time well
here's what was right the Saturday
morning after the convention in July I
called Gary Gensler the chief net and
financial officer of Hillary's campaign
he described the party as fully under
the control of Hillary's campaign which
seemed to confirm the suspicions of the
Bernie camp seemed under FEC law an
individual can contribute a maximum of
$2,700 directly to a presidential
campaign but the limits are much higher
for contributions to state parties and a
party's National Committee individuals
who had maxed out of there out there of
$2,700 contribution limit to the to
Hillary's campaign
could write an additional check for 350
$3,400 to the Hilary Victory Fund this
is what people were throwing cash at
Hillary's car remember she was driving
to a party where everybody was paying
three hundred and fifty three thousand
dollars to go to the party and people
threw cash at her and they said that was
sexist people like Donna Brazile and
debbie Wasserman shields said that was
sexist people like Joan Walsh and near
tanned and said that was sexist so they
so they're rendering the term
meaningless is what they're doing
they're actually the enemies of feminism
Neera tanden Joan Walsh Debbie
wasserman-schultz
they're actually the enemies of feminism
I concur
yeah and I have a woman here that
concurs a woman of color mm-hmm are you
a little it turns out to me I am a woman
of color and I can occur with 100% of
what you just said about how their
behavior is nefarious and undermines
exactly what we deserve in our country
democracy so when they were going to
this party remember felt it was George
Clooney he was defended it by saying
most of the money they're raising is
going to down ballot people anyway that
was a lie he wasn't lying he was like -
I'm sure and George Cloney just repeated
the lie he was told because he trusted
the democratic party that they weren't
cretins just like the Republicans he was
wrong that figure represented ten
thousand dollars to each of the so when
you give up three hundred and fifty
three thousand dollars to the Hilary
Victory Fund hva the Hilary Victory Fund
that figure represented ten grand that
was supposed to go to each of the 32
state parties who were part of the
victory fund agreement three hundred and
twenty thousand dollars and thirty three
thousand four hundred to the DNC so that
was supposed to be spread around to all
the state parties and to the DNC what
actually ended up happening the money
would be deposited in the states first
and transferred to the DNC shortly after
that money in the battleground states
usually stayed in that state but all the
other states funnel that money directly
to the DNC which quickly transferred the
money to Brooklyn wait I said that
Victory Fund was supposed to be for
whomever the nominee and the State
Parties races you're telling me that
Hillary has been controlling it since
for she got the nomination so Hillary
was controlling the party that's what
we're des is what this is all that's all
this says this is all this says the
party chair usually shrinks the staff
between presidential elections but
Debbie wasserman-schultz
had chosen not to do that she had struck
Lots she had stuck lots of consultants
on the DNC payroll and Obama's
consultants were being financed by the
DNC - do you see who's running the party
do you see who they're in bed with do
you see who donna debbie Wasserman
Schultz was looking out for she wasn't
even looking out for her party she was
looking out for her donors and her
consultants the consultants who she they
didn't shrink the party like they were
supposed to she was bankrupting the DNC
she was bankrupting the DNC because
she's a bad manager and because her
allegiance is to her consultants the
consultant class and who funnels money
around this do you see what's happening
that's what's happening right around the
time of the convention the leaked emails
revealed Hillary's campaign was grabbing
money from the state parties for its own
purposes
leaving the states with very little to
support support down ballot races which
was the accusation they made against
Bernie that Bernie's not helping down
ballot races when in fact again the
exact opposite if the Clinton campaign
says something the exact opposite is
probably true just like when so I don't
want to mix it up with the Russia thing
but when they said that Trump was
colluding with Russia to get negative
information on Hillary Clinton exactly
the opposite was happening Hillary
Clinton hired somebody to collude with
people inside the Kremlin to get
negative information on Trump we know
that for a fact
and then they lied about doing that for
a year we know that for a fact whether
Trump did the same thing we're still
waiting for that depth that evidence so
and I had on John Kerry a coup from VIPs
veterans and television intelligence
professionals for sanity for sanity he
confirmed what I said what I just said
down so if you disagree with me you're
disagreeing with a CIA guy who knows
way more than you okay a political story
published on May 2nd 2016 described the
big fundraising vehicle she had launched
through the states the summer before
quoting a vow she had made to rebuild
quote the party from the ground up when
our state parties are strong we win
that's what will happen yet the state's
kept less than 1% of them 82 million
dollars they had masked from the
extravagant fundraisers Hillary campaign
was holding just as Gary had described
to me when he and he and I talked in
August so that was all alive so they
again that seems illegal that seems
worse than just like unethical to me I'm
not a lawyer
I'm sure loyal will say no it's totally
different that Hillary said all that
three hundred and fifty three thousand
dollars people are donating we're gonna
go spread around and it didn't I'm sure
that technically she doesn't have to go
to prison for that but it seems pretty
corrupt to me
I thought Trump was the one who was
corrupt I thought Trump was the one who
lied to everybody all the time
they lied for a whole year about them
funding the Russian investigation they
lied about where their money was going
they actually stole they took the money
that was supposed to go to the state
parties and bankrupted them so they can
give it to Hillary when the political
story described this arrangement as
essentially money laundering sounds like
money laundering hi you guys doesn't it
sound like money laundering mm-hmm guy
in gal when the political story
described this arrangement is
essentially money laundering for the
Clinton campaign Hillary's people were
outraged at being accused of doing
something shady just like they were
outraged at the uranium one story
outright shocked outraged that people
were giving them hundreds of millions of
dollars and expected influence inside
the Clinton campaign really
I at last found the document that
described it all this is Donna Brazil's
the bomb the joint fundraising agreement
between the DNC the Hillary victory fund
and Hillary for America the agreement
signed by Amy Dacey the former CEO the
DNC and Robby Mook with a copy to mark
Elias rates remember who that is that's
the lawyer for the Clintons who who who
set up the deal where they talked to
people inside the Kremlin to get dirt on
that was the guy who set that up so her
lawyers hired some of someone to work
for their campaign who was also gonna
work with people inside the Kremlin to
get dirty info on Trump that was the guy
mark Ilyas mm-hmm he specified that in
exchange for raising money and investing
in the DNC Hillary would control the
party's finances strategy and all the
money it raised there it is there it is
Hillary Clinton as revealed by Donna
Brazile was running the DNC and every
time debbie Wasserman Schultz came on TV
and said she was neutral she was lying
she wasn't lying to the Republicans she
wasn't lying to the Russians debbie
Wasserman Schultz was lying to you she
was lying to you the American citizen
she was lying to you the Democratic
registered voter she was lying to you a
progressive she was lying to you she
wasn't lying to her enemies she was
lying to her friends or who she thought
was on her side she was lying to the
left keep that in mind and when Donna
Brazile cheated on hat on behalf of
Hillary Clinton she was cheating you she
wasn't cheating the Republicans she
wasn't cheating the Russians Donna
Brazile was cheating you keep that in
mind so there it is it's all laid out
right there that Hillary Clinton
controlled the party's finances the
party strat the DNC strategy which meant
you remember when they did they wanted
more debates because the more people
heard Bernie talk the more his numbers
went up
remember when Tulsi gabbard's said we
should have more debates she medially
was disinvited from the next of eight
debbie Wasserman Shield she was the
co-chair of the day she immediately was
disinvited because she had the temerity
to suggest to debbie Wasserman Schultz
that there should be more debates so
that people could hear that Bernie
Sanders message she's immediately
persona non grata inside the party do
you remember that those are people
cheating as hard as they can cheat
they're doing everything they can do to
cheat her campaign had the right of
refusal of who would be the party
communications director and it would
make final decisions on all other staff
Hillary Clinton had the right of refusal
of who would be the party communications
director and it would make final
decisions on all other staff she had the
right of first refusal and she would
make final decisions on all other staff
Hillary Clinton ran the DNC when they
were supposed to be conducting a fair
and impartial
primary oh that that lawsuit sounds
crazy now doesn't it
I'm sure I'm sure the Washington Post
will run another stupid article saying
how stupid that lawsuit was instead of
writing an article about how outrage as
it is how rigged our political
system is in our political races instead
of doing that Jeff Bezos hires hacks who
do whatever they're told to do to write
 articles that demean people who
are trying to give a free and fair
election I think they need to write
another article about how important a
bunch of all across-the-board Facebook
ads were that's when they sent of people
so yeah they need more of that as and
let's remember half those facebook ads
didn't go up until after the election
and half of those were in
solidly red states the DNC also was
required to consult with the Hillary
Clinton campaign about all other
staffing budgeting data analytics and
mailings this is corruption is bad is
there anything Hillary Clinton does
that's not a hundred percent corrupt
is there the victory fund agreement
however had been signed in August 2015
just four months after Hillary announced
her candidacy and nearly a year before
she officially had the nomination so for
the whole year they ran lying to you not
to the Republicans they didn't lie to
the Russians Hillary Clinton in the DNC
lied to you the American citizen you the
person on the left you the person that
wanted to join the Democratic Party
they're lying to you not to Republicans
not to Sean Hannity to you I had tried
to search out any other evidence this is
Donna Brazile talking i had tried to
search out any other evidence of
internal corruption that would show that
the DNC was rigging the system to throw
their primary to Hillary but I could not
find any in party affairs or among the
staff how about closed primaries how
about super-delegates
that's not rigging how about not having
enough debates so you couldn't find any
of that so that stuff you just ignore
so here's Donna Brazile still true to
her nature a bullshitter at heart so
here's her letting on enough of the
truth to sell books but still trying to
 you because that's really cuz
that's whitewashing what they it was
just the money thing and the fact that
they controlled everything in the DNC so
that also means they control the debate
schedule which also means they
disinvited Tulsi Gabbard that was
Hillary Clinton which means they also
controlled whether we should have
super-delegates which means they also
controlled uh what we should be doing
with open primaries oh no that's handled
at the state level I know the DNC and
the Hillary Clinton campaign had no
influence on state-level parties I know
I had gone department by Department
investigating individual conduct for
evidence of skewed decisions and I was
happy to see that I had found none then
I found this agreement oh you mean you
found the agreement that let you know
that the whole thing
and please quit pretending you didn't
know this Donna she's trying to pretend
like this was all a surprise to her when
she got control you know what I'm saying
is it because that's that Smith pass the
smell test with anybody here no it does
not that does it has a smell test right
me no and she's trying to blame it on WI
Simon shields which Debbie
wasserman-schultz completely corrupt and
a liar
we know that the funding agreement with
the Hillary for America and the victory
fund agreement was not illegal but it
sure looked unethical pure gumshoe here
Wow Wow that is seemed unethical I
couldn't believe it if the if there's
the beauty if the fight had been fair
one campaign would not have control of
the party before the vote voters had
decided which one they wanted to lead
this was not a criminal act but as I saw
it it compromised the party's integrity
oh this is awful this is as bad as it
could possibly get can somebody please
tell me how pointless the DNC fraud
lawsuit was again yeah what are you
talking about how dumb that was policed
it was stupid yeah it was that question
posed to tell you how dumb they are
they'll hire some hack who was
probably Pro Iraq war to tell you how
stupid the DNC's lawsuit was and I'm
sitting here and I'm thinking how awful
it felt when we were covering the
convention the DNC convention how we saw
all this what was going on as lies and
all these people like not taking
responsibility and we had to watch
Bernie Sanders through the DNC
convention just sitting there well I
agree
Bernie should have thought I did not
trust the police's down in Brazil by the
way so remember when we were saying all
along we said this we had these fights
with with a friend Frank Conniff was
still on our show that he was saying
he'd the only reason he was saying he
was backing Hillary at that time was
because she would be stronger in the
general because they attacks on Bernie
would crush him even though that's not
true not true Hillary Clinton was
supposed to be battle-tested it seems
that she lost a Donald Trump Jesus
Christ could you guys be wrong
or no no no the answer is no you could
not be
so now all those people who backed
