hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show up here with the visible liberal
around placode how miserable howdy howdy
yes so guess what the big problem and I
always was amazed that American
businesses don't push the government to
pass single-payer health care cuz it's
an incredible drag on our businesses in
the United States like you know
Stevo made the point on aggressive
progressives the other day that my
employer pays my health insurance why he
doesn't pay my car insurance
he doesn't pay my house insurance he
doesn't pay my life insurance is to pay
any other kind of insurance but for some
reason my employer has to pay my health
insurance so why are those two things
coupled together so that again that
doesn't make any sense and so we've been
I always thought that the businesses in
the United States would be the ones to
make the push for a single-payer guess
what is happening something a little
similar ski here is suggested amazon
berkshire hathaway and JP Morgan
announced plans to create a health care
company yeah hey we're gonna give you
your flu shot now but first pick your
needle new ones start at $12 or you can
buy it used for as low as $0.99 search
the different vendors you get our Amazon
Prime will get you that flu shot for in
two days no charge anyway next week's
headline amazon announces new currency
you get ready for Bezos but it's coming
it's coming so just to be clear
Berkshire Hathaway is Warren Buffett's
company right that is correct so that
the three companies are Warren Buffett's
company which made lots of money off
predatory loans also Jeff Bezos company
which he's the number one predatory
capitalism in the world he's worth over
a hundred billion dollars and his
employees are on food stamps what kind
of a person to mass is a hundred billion
dollars while the people who earn that
proper for him are struggling that's a
that's a maniac that's a mega
megalomaniac right am I saying that
correctly JP Morgan and then you have
you have
Jamie Dimon over at JPMorgan right so
they're uh he's bankrupt bail him out
they hold the whole Wall Street Crash
need and yes we bailed out the whole
system so uh but now those people are
gonna bring us health care this is true
Amazon Berkshire JP Morgan linked up to
form new health care company this as
hard as it might be reducing health
care's burdens on the economy while
improving outcomes for employees and
their families would be worth the effort
Jeff Bezos said in the statement coming
from him I mean as hard as it might be
hard as it might be reducing health
care's burdens on the economy while
improving outcomes for employees and
their families
would be worth the effort hard as it
might be success is going to require
talented experts a beginner's mind
Ã¡ndale and long term orientation now
that none of that's true
I mean it might be true for this for
this kind of new thing they're gonna put
together over at Amazon and JP Morgan
and Warren Buffett that might be true
that they'll get they're gonna need a
beginner's mind talented experts and
long term orientation that might be true
that might be true for them but we all
know you don't need any of those things
to fix the problem how do you fix the
problem we already have Medicare in the
United States
you just expanded Trump said that when
he got in office how come we just can't
put anybody had Medicare and then they
had to explain it to him that your donor
is the donors to our party don't want
that Wall Street doesn't want that oh
okay okay
so now these guys are this is Jeff Bezos
and they're up ending the insurance
market now so that's well one more says
the initial focus of the new company
will be on technology solutions that
will provide us employees and their
families with simplified high-quality
and transparent health care
at reasonable cost in the statement
JPMorgan CEO JP Morgan CEO Dimon said
the initiatives could ultimately expand
beyond the three companies so they're
talking about bringing in more companies
to do this it's kind of like they're
gonna invent their own insurance program
right now that's what they're that's
what this is right
so one last thing our goal is to create
solutions that benefit our us employees
their families and potentially all
Americans you know what solution does
that what single-payer what mmm we
already have we already have a program
to do that you don't have to reinvent
the wheel but you do have to reinvent
the wheel if you don't want government
to solve problems which is what this is
so this is this is super rich
billionaires all three of these guys
super rich I don't know if Jamie
diamonds a billionaire I bet he is all
these super rich guys what you go well
why wouldn't why wouldn't they just push
for the government to have single-payer
medicare-for-all expand because they
don't want government getting their
hands on their money that's number one
they don't want the government getting
their hands on their money two they
don't want the government succeeding at
socialism they'll fix it the market will
fix this are you telling me the guy Jeff
Bezos who has an ambulance right after
outside of his fulfillment centers
because he won't provide working
conditions that are conditioning air
conditioning to his employees he'd
rather rush them to a emergency room
when they pass out than provide air
conditioning in his fulfillment centers
so what kind of hell is that
 going to provide so that's
what I'm saying that's what I'm saying
I have a feeling preventive care might
not be a priority I don't know so care
for us a priority well they claim that
this will be a nonprofit health care
thing that this is gonna be nonprofit
that's what they claims also claim Jimmy
he wanted to be more philanthropic too
he did he did in 1960 health care
spending took up 5% of the GDP in the
United States so 5% of our economy in
1965 percent was spent on health care
now we're up to 17%
since that wow that's quite a bit that's
uh well it doubled and then its own
almost quadrupled so that's a hundred
percent two hundred percent that's
almost almost a 300% increase
percentage-wise
percentage-wise and that's that that's
just not go ahead well I was just gonna
add real quick that's a statistic people
love to ignore when they talk about
single-payer to when they talk against
single-payer yeah they love to ignore
the fact that well we're already
spending 17 percent a single-payer
system would reduce that drastically and
let's remember we're already spending
enough money on health care we don't
have to spend more as a country in fact
we could probably spend less if we
instituted single-payer so this isn't
about us spending more money
single-payer is about spending less but
get let's get back to this because
here's here's a Warren Buffett and he's
gonna tell you what he thinks is the
best system this is him on PBS just just
very blessed
last June so June 2017 this is what
Warren Buffett was saying about health
care there's a little confidence but I
would but I would say this you can't
have that five go to seventeen and move
on to 20 and 22 or 24 percent he's
talking about the percentage of income
that we spend on health care he said you
can't have the five percent go to
seventeen and then the 23 can't there's
only a hundred percent of dollars you
can't have it so that's what he's saying
right there here we go
because there are only honored cents in
the dollar and health care is gobbling
up well over three trillion dollars a
year it's just about the same as federal
the federal budget I mean getting up
there are we now at the point where the
country does need to think about some
sort of single-payer system well eyes on
the forum or another
like oh she says are we at the point now
at the point now thirty million
Americans haven't had a health care for
the last eight years are we at the point
now I don't know if you're one of those
thirty million Americans I bet if you're
one of those people have gone bankrupt
because you got sick let's remember most
people will go bankrupt when they get
sick have health insurance if you're one
of those people you but here's a
completely out of touch elite neoliberal
judy woodruff good you think it's time
it was time 40 years ago it was time in
the 60s when they did Medicare for
senior citizens they should have did
Medicare for everybody right then how
much longer do we have to wait that's
how the saga great people about sudden
we have to wait anyway here we go I
limited knowledge I think that probably
is them this is the best system because
is it did you hear his answer yes
single-payer is probably the best system
that's what he was saying in June 2017
let's listen he goes on there's a system
we are such a rich country in a sense we
can afford to do it but I like how he
says we are a rich country in a sense we
can afford it in a sense we can afford
it which sense can't we afford it in a
sense like in a certain scenario we can
afford it since we're the richest
country in the world and much poorer
countries can pull this off without a
problem I like it was in a sense we can
afford it in a sense no we can report it
it's weird to watch the guy put
mealy-mouthed words around like
that isn't it in a sense we can afford
it we can totally afford it so this is
everybody who she speaks about Warren
Buffett like he's some kind of genius
and God and I and he everybody ultimate
reverence he's the smartest business guy
hands-down in the world Warren Buffett
he's everybody worships this guy and
they do through this whole interview she
worships in which is fine and his idea
is single-payer health care isn't that
amazing yet we don't do it isn't that
amazing and she doesn't go why don't we
do this you cuz she knows why we don't
do it because our politicians are bought
and those are the same politicians who
fund her show so she doesn't say that
that's why PBS is worthless
lately every field of of American
business it pays to bring down costs
there's an awful lot of people involved
in the medical the whole just the way
the ecosystem works that there's no
incentive to bring down costs and it's
so right now he's saying the way our
healthcare system is structured most
people involved in it don't have
sent him to bring down cost the
pharmaceutical makers the health
insurance providers they have no
incentive to bring down cost that's what
he's saying so we should get rid of this
system and implement single-payer that's
what he's saying that was just a few
months ago that's what he was saying now
he's like I guess we'll do it ourselves
hang on like you're saying was a
single-payer system it'd be easier to
figure out a way to get it to be more
more effective I think a little
confidence but I would it would be that
more effective he there's the guy
telling you that's a more effective
system but yet I don't hear him
screaming I'm with Bernie Sanders on
single-payer I don't see him going on TV
rooting for this I don't right now what
he's doing is no no no we'll handle it
he doesn't get Jeff Bezos to write a
front-page article single-payer now is
that what's happening at the Washington
Post that is not what's happening at the
Washington Post isn't that weird no it's
not weird these are a bunch of predatory
capitalists getting together trying to
solve a problem of predatory capitalism
with some more capitalism we already
have a program that works perfectly it's
called freakin Medicare it's the most
popular health insurance program in the
country by far and it has the lowest
costs isn't that something so it's the
most efficient and most popular Medicare
why don't we just expand Medicare
because we have a bunch of
predatory capitalists that run our
newspaper run our run our media and own
our government and our politicians
that's why we don't get single-payer and
that's why they'll never say it it's
like oh I guess we just haven't
considered it that's what Judy that's
how she proposes it but uh that could
you see how she posits that is it is it
time to consider as if we haven't been
considering it you mean is it time for
our bought politicians to actually do
something for the people instead of
their donors she'll never say that stuff
which is why PBS news is pretty
worthless and then they bring out to neo
liberals to give you the left and right
position on what's happening in the day
that's what they do so anything you guys
want to jump in well I first want to say
that did you know that Warren Buffett is
the second richest man in the country
and that is at seventy eight point seven
billion okay dollars which is right so
how is this man
at one point saying that we're all for
single-payer and suddenly now he wants
to go into business with Jeff Bezos and
Jamie Dimon I don't want it I don't
think they have a running record why do
I want them to interfere in my health
care
I want single-payer I know I'm with you
rod
I think in a sense he just wants to
profit off of people and well they say
it is said you mean in a in a sense I
think that's where he's good so I would
like to profit off of people I forgot
away off of illness they say this is
gonna be nonprofit well here here so
here let's go to Bloomberg News and they
bring on a super duper smarty pants guy
to talk about this and here's why I
think it's kind of brilliant really and
he thinks it's kind of brilliant what
they're doing this is really brilliant
how about Amazon are they brilliant
brilliant especially for Amazon which
one might argue is the most brilliant
company in the world can people give
more tongue baths to Jeff Bezos is this
everybody says this everybody else the
most brilliant company its monopoly half
of all internet purchases of the United
States go through amazon.com and how did
he do that by rigging the system your
free market it got rigged by Jeff Bezos
by undercutting local brick-and-mortar
stores because he didn't pay income tax
stuff like that how about that how about
paying people sub living wages how about
having ambulances outside of fulfillment
centers instead of air conditioning them
stuff like that
that's brilliant brilliant and then he
bought the paper of note so nobody will
ever criticize them especially
politicians because then he'll write
horrible about them if they
criticize it's perfect plus he's in bed
with the CIA so he's got all your data
they've got it sub a it's a perfect oh
this guy's brilliant he's like an evil
genius he's not a brilliant he's an evil
genius again what kind of a person of
masses a hundred billion dollars while
the people who work for him and generate
that
come our poor what kind of a person a
 megalomaniac that's what kind of
a person and that's the kind of people
running our society these are the people
running our society and it's not us it's
not the politicians it's the
billionaires it's it's it's Jeff Bezos
it's Warren Buffett it's it's Jamie
Dimon it's Wall Street it's Big Pharma
it ain't you and it ain't me and it
ain't anybody representing us so here we
go but again he's got a big oh it's a
beautiful car audience brilliant company
because number one Amazon's already
moving towards broadening its services
portfolio and everybody knows the scale
of the healthcare industry is one of its
greatest opportunities so far it's done
virtually nothing in terms of healthcare
services per se but you know given the
smartness at that place that they've
been working on all kinds of ideas they
also have over half a million employees
so they have huge health care costs
themselves so they've joined with two
other gigantic employers to test what is
I think the future model of American
healthcare which is combining insurance
and healthcare provision in other words
the same company owns the insurance
company and the doctors oh that that's
the future according to smartypants
that's the future of healthcare in
America where the insurance company the
company that owns the insurance company
and the doctors that's called single
payer that's called Medicare Medicare is
the insurance company and they pay the
doctors oh we already have that system
he's gone this is brilliant they're
gonna do Medicare privately it's
brilliant you know this system we've had
since the 60s well it's brilliant how
smart these guys are they're gonna do it
that's unbelievable
so okay here we go that basically aligns
the incentives and gets rid of a huge
amount of waste so they are doing what
we all have to do in this country and I
hope it works because it could be a
great role model well it could be a
great robot except we already have a
role model it's called Medicare for all
that by the weight which never comes up
in this discussion well
yeah even the the needs of the people
come up in this discussion no does it
sound like like to me I got the
impression okay my my boss is going to
also own the doctors that I'm supposed
to meet so what boss so when they don't
want to treat me right if my boss
doesn't want to give me healthcare right
so yes what recourse would I have then
you I don't know you could quit I guess
yeah you're right Ron
yeah our role model is every other
industrialized nation in the world
that's our role model and you know it's
nice they're throwing a non-profit label
on this but I'm not gonna be fooled I
mean especially this guy mentions all
the hands Amazon has taken they would
find a ton of backdoor ways to make
money off of this and they would and
just having that nonprofit status means
very little keep in mind the NFL was a
nonprofit Lea so I'm not that I'm not
rod but code with a devastating argument
of oh the NFL was about profit Oh we'd
all know there's Oprah here we go wait
news what is this venture gonna be is it
gonna be an app on your phone is it
gonna be Alexa I need a refill of my
antibiotics is it gonna be a wider array
of doctors or a specific a network of
doctors we don't quite you don't know
those things
I don't think it would be all of those
things to some degree I suspect the key
point key point is that when you aren't
when you cut out all these
intermediaries in the healthcare system
you can make people healthier and save
money Kaiser Permanente
he keeps describing Medicare for all and
that he keeps giving a half
half-baked capitalist view of it so Oh
egg week if you get rid of all the
middlemen and all the it's much
cheaper you know like Kaiser permanent
no Medicare like Medicare the least
expensive most popular health insurance
program in the country won't even
mention it watch.watch he goes on to
talk about Kaiser it's a great example
of this company that's been around for
many many many decades many and is the
