we went to Chicago last week we should
have went this week because they do
whatever I didn't even know that and
even know that the C&C was gonna be I
mean that's you know you could only know
so much I to think Chicago would have
should have been this week if only so
but there haven't because the DNC is
meeting in Chicago to vote on the Rules
Committee would have you to vote on the
super-delegates and here's here's what
happened here's some of the real news
network they were there so now if we
were there we'd be the only one with the
video because no I think the real news
network might have been like people
there with a video but here we go all
those in favor say aye
opposed the eyes overwhelmingly have it
and the report and the chart okay so
there you go they voted down no
super-delegates get to vote in the first
round in the first ballot so there it
was there is the vote there they proved
it and as my friend Malcolm says tough
24 hours for the Democratic Party
establishment losing both their hero
John McCain and super-delegates at the
same day then again they're used to
losing
I guess hash tag thousand seats you guys
don't think that's funny laughing I've
left my head up did you sit there I
think it's what else you got Malcolm
what else did you tweet today so here so
here is what they actually passed so
this is from our revolutions website
they passed ending super-delegates
voting on the first nominating ballot in
the presidential primary electoral
reforms and a process for rewarding
states that have same-day registration
same day party change open primaries
other measures that increase civic
participation now I don't know what
those reforms are right what are the
electoral reforms and a process what is
the process for rewarding stuff that's
the reward well that's what I want to
know what do you do to reward
that's that these are all the same core
have the same questions so maybe we get
no Mickey conne
on the show because she knows all about
this she was on that committee did you
know they were they call it the unity
committee the creation of an arm's Bunz
Minh Oh God God damns and my whole life
but I want I want to be an ombudsman
well it's not too late there's a new
committee now it's not an Ombuds person
hi this is the PI Jimmy Dore this is the
arms Bob's been calling no I'm not drunk
I'm the arms bud have you been buddy I'm
buddy right now I've been out but
cracking you know the last bullet Jimmy
it says improving financial oversight of
the DNC's finances and spending does
that mean they're getting rid of Debbie
wasserman-schultz completely no I don't
know what that means but I'll tell you
this come on look at me oh joy that much
these are our guests we're also very
important I have to find out exactly
what all this means and then we'll you
know mm-hmm because I'm sure you know
what it says improving financial
oversight what does that mean improving
cuz you know we didn't know that Hillary
Clinton they said all that money they
were raising for down-ballot races
actually wasn't going to down actually
went to her Brooklyn office hey how come
that's not fraud how come she doesn't
have to go to jail for that isn't that
election fraud remember when they were
raising all that money and they said it
was supposed to go to down ballot and it
didn't it we found out and like 99% of
it was going to her mmm how is that how
why didn't that get fried isn't that is
that fraud okay I don't think you can do
anyway
so the big so we'll find out about these
but weed I know for sure what this one
means attending super-delegates voting
on the first nominating ballot and the
presidential primary okay I know what
that means
and here's so and they go hey we haven't
had you know a domination hasn't gone to
the second ballot in 30 years that's
what first I was hearing
then I heard Norman Solomon say the last
time it happened was 1956 and I was like
I thought it was 30 years ago
anyway so I tried to look it up I
couldn't find
the last time but I'm not the best
looking upper and I should have given it
to someone else to look up for me again
I need an assistant you get it one you
have what anyway here's what's gonna
happen
so if Bernie if they allow Bernie
Sanders to run now remember they passed
that law or that rule with that Bernie
Sanders by the way and they can pass any
rule they want in dark in the dark like
they when they reversed they're taking
money from fossil fuels they just did
that nobody did that kind of leaked out
that wasn't like a bit anyway if your
loyalty to the party is in question you
can't run for president yes that's right
so they can say hey Bernie's not a good
Democrat he's not a Democrat in good
standing and he's right now he runs as
an independent in Vermont and you have
to run as a Democrat for your seat and
ball that stuff right so they can just
say he can't run into them they could
just say that and then Bernie Sanders is
effed but I think what will more likely
happen is this now tell me if you guys
think this is what's gonna happen that a
guy Bernie Sanders is gonna be far and
away the overwhelming favorite going
into the Democratic primary they run
Elizabeth Warren splits the progressive
vote Joe Biden and also now all three of
them are equal going into the first
ballot we have to have a second ballot
and then the super-delegates get to pick
Joe pop goodbye what do you think that
substitute is that crazy meeting no not
I hope you're wrong for the sake of our
world but but I don't think that's
totally up I would say substitute Biden
for Booker or Harris okay I think
they're gonna try to shove one of them
down our throats I think it's gonna be
Harris or Booker both the devil
they're both awful they're both my
corporate tools they're both you know I
mean Kamala Harris did nothing but help
to exploit explode the prison population
California and then she was shocked to
find out that there were problems
although they were under investigation
for several years we would pretty was
shocked to find out that the reason in
in California this is
off-topic but really quickly in
California they were ordered to let
prisoners go cuz it was so overcrowded
and they wouldn't do it and Kamala
Harris is in charge of that and so her
office got taken to court a couple times
and in court her office argued that they
didn't do that because would upset the
prison labor situation when that made
headlines in the LA Times paper
she was sheesh that's what she's
referring to as a Kamala Harris says she
was shocked to find out that that's what
her office was arguing in court yeah it
was she was shocked that it got found
out so that's the kind of leader Kamala
Harris is not good the horrible leader
the opposite of a leader so back to this
story so I think that's a big
possibility that Bernie Sanders will be
an overwhelming favorite they have
Elizabeth Warren run or someone like
that to split the vote with the
progressives I don't know who else that
could be that would also and they would
want to run right yeah and and and and
then so they could give it to the
corporate Democrat so I think that's a
possibility here's a little bit more the
real news interview here's Nina Turner
here's what she said this is a big win
for us but as a progressive move we
don't continue to do we've always done
which is to get progressive candidates
elected on many of the people who watch
of the real news you know you've heard
me say time and time again in the old
blue just won't do I mean that we want
people don't stand up and use that power
on behalf of the people when people
understand that it's not okay to say
that within the Democratic Party when
you take all the gas money we want
people understand that it's not okay
just to be over here talking about the
voting rights of super delegates
meanwhile the Voting Rights Act has been
gutted but if there are people in this
country who served their time and they
still can't vote in this country that in
the great state of New York that is
controlled by Democrats that you got to
register a whole year ahead of time to
participate
so you want people to stand up not when
it's comfortable inconvenient but in
times of inconvenience as the great
Reverend dr. Martin Luther King jr. I
said so you know what we don't continue
to do what we've always done elect
progressive candidates stand up for the
issues that matter in this country and
continue to work to transform the
Democratic Party our mission has not
changed even though I'm happy about the
boat we all said I am also happy about
the vote it's good to see the Democratic
Party at least try to move in to be more
democratic instead of having it be
chosen by an elite select a few of neil
few new liberals who are approved by
wall street in the military industrial
complex and big insurance so it's good
to see that they're moving closer to
that but when she said you know we're
gonna continue to do what we've always
done which is to continue to elect
progressive politics and work to you
know taking over the democratic party
this is not happening this idea that
there's some progressive wave happening
there might be a blue wave in November
but it's gonna be it's gonna be a bunch
of ex-cia people in corporate democrats
it's not progressives uh you know how
many how many corporate democrats have
been successfully primary so far since
Bernie Sanders 2016 run you know how
many corporate Democrats have been
successfully primary one Joe Crowley
so okay so I just this is good news I
wonder how much longer these people will
spend how much how much time of their
life they will spend fooling themselves
that they can reform the Democratic
Party cuz it think it's a fool's errand
Hagan I'm all for this doesn't look like
a democratic party's going away so if
they can become a little bit less
corrupt I'll applaud it but this idea
that somehow or take the progressives
are taking over is not happening and
that's a very possible scenario with
Bernie Sanders I think it's possible
where they screw him again they find its
new way to screw up
so I just think it's I wonder how much
more of people's good people are gonna
spend of their life working inside an
unreformed Vil machine like that
thinking that they can reform it that's
a concern that I share and and you know
my takeaway here I'm happy about the
vote because it does show what the base
wants and that's a positive thing on the
other hand it's kind of like one of
those things the super-delegates it's
kind of like when you're talking about
health care we can't have the insurance
companies at the table period it's the
same notion here we can't have the
super-delegates at the table period the
only appropriate number is zero at every
level at the first round zero second
round zero third round zero etc etc and
if you go to Donna Brazil's Twitter
account today she's pretty confident
that they still got a big seat at the
table
why was she said here let me let me pull
it up exactly but she basically said
something along the lines that oh we're
still fine we can still influence stuff
and when I first saw it I'm gonna read
it exactly I'm getting to her timeline
now but when I first saw it I thought it
was a parody account because I was like
there's no way she would actually say
that but no it was her it was really her
and here let me find it well I already
read when no matter what if the if it
comes down to a super delegate still
they will still have their freedom to
vote the will that they want yeah they
don't have to represent whatever their
constituency wants ultimately they'll
have the last word which is not
democracy agreed so I I just think you
know I to me I think this is like a
gesture like it's like hey we gave you
something now watch out I want to see
what else they're going to give the
people in this process if anything I I
don't think anything else will be
helpful so let's listen to the rest of
this report right book to norman solomon
national coordinator of rootsaction.org
it means that what we have been to
in terms of selecting a Democratic Party
nominee for president a level playing
field as a practical matter will happen
between now and 2020 there has not been
a second ballot since 1952 so did you
hear what he said yes there's not been a
second ballot since 1952 now the whole I
the I've been hearings up that's why I
was looking up 1988 and Dukakis no no I
was trying to look up high one did his
ballot huh oh it wasn't then and then he
says 52 so that was I think that was
Lincoln right I think you're right so
here's a here's the tweet really quick
Democrats voted to remove automatic
delegates from the first round of voting
but we still have seats at the table we
are still in the room and very much
capable of setting the menu she's in
church what the what why would she
think hashtag power rising are you
kidding me can you take a little
screenshot and send it to me absolutely
I got to put that up here let's listen
to what Norman Solomon has the odds are
overwhelming that the grassroots
entirely a democratic process lowercase
D democratic process will determine who
the nominee of the party is when we
organize when we raise hell and we don't
give up and we keep fighting we can
accomplish things that we probably
thought were next to impossible and so
an I'm a case in point I didn't think
this was in the cards we've made it
happen we also spoke to party activist
Selina Vick so he say that happened
because of all the activism by people
like the nurses by roots action our
revolution stuff like that he's saying
that that this is the result of that
look at the result in and he said it I
don't even think this could happen
okay so here's Heath they spoke with
this one went on a hunger strike over
this who's been on a hunger strike for
the past week
to demand the Democrats perform the
super delegate system and what do you
say to people that say you know if it
wasn't enough like they
to get rid of super-delegates altogether
they wanted to end our fossil fuel
contributions which the DNC just
reinstated they want they want to see me
I mean right that's another thing
everyone's forgetting they just
reinstated taking money from fossil fuel
I mean so - one step forward two steps
back for these em efforts they just
reinstated
again taking fossil fuel money it's just
awesome
so here's let's see what she says she
changed it's not enough they're still
not they're not back in the party I
think really really well earlier when
she said to get it done and so this was
a great big fat foot in the door and if
we take advantage of the reforms and
then the next time we can push even
harder reporting from Chicago for the
real news okay so next time we'll get
the real reform is that what you said at
the end there is that what I heard is
that literally what she said the real
reforms coming the real reform is keep
keep waiting some day mister
not now MLK just keep be patient keep
waiting
it's not what they told them isn't that
what he is that we maybe we should we
need to write a letter to the Democrats
from a Birmingham jail so it's too late
you already have Trump guys keep waiting
they already have Trump keep waiting for
those big reforms we were you already
have Trump keep waiting so I don't know
this is to me this I people are gonna
make a big deal out of this it's not a
big deal to me at all it's better but
it's not a big deal the Democrats are
still totally corporate-owned they just
are still taking money from fossil fuel
industry to Democrats now you still
wag your finger at guys that's so at
least now it's out in the open so when
people wag their finger at the grains
for voting green which there's turf
goddamn right if they get to vote their
conscience they get to vote for someone
who represents their views plus they get
to make up send a message to the parties
it's a lot of things when you get to
when you vote for a third party so
anyway anyway I mean I knew that did
yeah I did I sent you that screenshot
and I mean I guess for optimism's sake I
mean I'll say this just to like it's
better than I expected I didn't expect
them like I expected a lot less so I
mean I did like I expected less so it's
better than I expected enough absolutely
not
huge news no but it's better than I
expected I expected even less I don't
know I I don't have hope for the
democratic process through the
democratic party I just don't think they
have you know right now Jimmy you just
covered a story that Hillary Clinton was
the headliner for a DNC several DNC
fundraiser so like they I don't think
the direction of the DNC is going to
reflect the needs of the people and if
and if they do it's gonna be like this
little incremental stuff that we're
supposed to give us hope you know and
after 40 years Jamie what kind of
progress you think we're gonna make so
here's Donna Brazile this is what she
says Democrats voted to remove automatic
delegates from the first round of voting
what that means is our e way of saying
super dellux super-delegates she says
automatic delegates Jesus Christ for
super-delegates from the first round of
voting but we still have seats I mean
that tent right there when she says that
just he can't even say super-delegates
you got a gas like people and you're in
Jesus Christ hey we're having more
transparency I say in the most
transparent way possible Yeah right
Democrats voted to remove
super-delegates from the first round of
voting but we still have seats at the
table super-delegates do super-delegates
are still in the room
and super-delegates still very much
capable of setting the menu hashtag
power rising yeah cuz they didn't have
power before what our right you talking
about the powerful the poor underserved
super-delegates rising is that talking
about those people that still have a
seat at the table guess what she's
talking about as if she just won some
victory for the powerful that's what she
did we all used to have four seats at
the table now we got three power rising
however our rising rescue still got one
or zero we got these you know what Jimmy
I just found out I'm an automatic
delegate huh what automatic delegate
so what's that what that is is the
Democrats letting I mean look how to
touch that is she did that publicly
that's not an email she sent to her
friends that she that's what she did in
public in that weird yes yes that's
where I'll answer it for you and there
are at least a hundred and sixteen
people on Twitter that don't understand
the concept of irony that is nice that
is unbelievable power to the powerful
power to the powerful power rising to
the powerful thanks for watching please
make sure you're subscribed even if you
