everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore Show
I'm here with Ryan black-owned hey Jimmy
so you know we've been talking about how
the Democratic the d-triple-c that's the
Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee they're supposed to help
people get elected into Congress
Democrats and so we've shown you how
they've been screwing screwing over
progressives so that's what the
Democratic Party does they screw over
progressives so there's a d-triple-c and
there's millions of examples this year
from all over right but here is just
another example of how bad the Democrat
the d-triple-c is this is from the
intercept and they found memos from the
d-triple-c sent to candidates about
Medicare for all telling them not to
talk about it no care it is in the wake
of the election the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee which
works to elect Democrats to the US House
commissioned a survey an analysis from
Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research and
GBA strategies to help think think
through healthcare messaging I think
Bernie had his messaging down oh yeah
there's a template for how to win this
it's Bernie's campaign mm-hmm there's an
MSNBC video you can watch it you can see
him get a standing ovation and you can
just take cliff notes about what he said
yeah done there you go so again this
whole thing if we don't know how to no
no what they didn't want to do is find
messaging that sounds progressive to
fool you but there's still corporatists
and you ain't getting single-payer okay
because we're Democrats and we're bought
that's what this is so the messaging
handouts obtained by the intercept made
clear where the party wants its
candidates to stand when it comes to
health care reform preferably nowhere
but certainly not with single-payer
advocates the polling memorandum
produced by GBA strategies and
Greenberg's firm was composed by
surveying 52 so-called battleground
districts half of which are currently
held by Democrats and half by
Republicans
the question that Greenberg put before
Democrats to make the case against
single-payer
though is a highly unusual one so L did
when you say we did a poll we found out
people don't want single-payer it's like
but what was the question you asked them
did you ask people do you want
single-payer would you like Medicare do
which probably gets a different response
than if you asked people do you want
Medicare for all I bet you more people
would say yes to Medicare for all than
single-payer cuz I bet you a lot of
people still don't really know what
single-payer means but they do know what
Medicare is because their grandma has it
and their grandpa has it and their
parents can't wait to get to it right
while Jimmy and if you conducted a
research study and your conclusion from
the study is hey don't talk about
single-payer surely the question you
asked folks was about single-payer right
well here's the question they asked the
question they asked rod if you could
change one thing about your health care
or health insurance what would it be hmm
that sounds like a totally totally mine
mine would be I'd like to change my
health insurance agent cuz he's a jerk I
don't know what that doesn't sound like
hey do you guys want would you like to
trade in your current health care system
for a new one meaning Medicare for all
that would be the question yeah that's
not the question they asked so they
asked this question the question was not
about what kind of system the voter
would prefer but a surprising 12% of the
people surveyed still said they wanted
their own insurance to be single-payer
so even off that crappy question still
12% of the people said I would like it
did one change make it single-payer and
still even even I wouldn't answer that
question that way I would I'd be like
what was the one thing you want me to
change about my insurance well I would I
would like there to be some kind of a
board that's actually neutral that to
make the decisions on treatment like by
doctors instead of some nurse and
insurance company who never sees me he
was being paid by the insurance company
I would like a neutral body so that's
what that would be what I would say I
won't even know that that's an option to
say Oh single-payer yeah and keep in
mind like this is the general person
when you ask them a question like that
they're not gonna go to policy first
right you know look we talk about this
stuff every day for a job right we
wouldn't go there for
right still it's unclear what this means
in context of the question beyond
suggesting that at least 12% of voters
are so passionate about single-payer
that they offered it as a non sequitur
answer because that's what that is -
that you asked me that question
heyhow what would you like to change
about your insurance I go I'd like
single-payer those that question that
that answer doesn't go with that
question that's a non-sequitur to that
question because but here's a little
there's a little graph I don't know you
probably can't see it but here's a
little graph it says if you could change
one thing about your health care or
health insurance what would it be
they don't give you options like would
you like it to be single-payer would you
like it hmm hmm
make it cheaper more affordable lower
premiums deductibles drug that's what
most of the people said about their
current insurance you know how you do
that you become single payer that does
all those things so maybe that would
mean people would want single-payer
because that's what accomplishes those
things and your ideas don't an Obamacare
rate still skyrocketed prescription drug
prices skyrocketed right under Obamacare
30 million people 28 million people
still left out 12% said nothing no
complaints those are really rich people
whose self insure they don't have any
problem or they're mentally healthy
those might be a lot of those people who
aren't Medicare yeah Medicare they're
already on single-payer okay making it
single-payer universal so some people
said maybe we'll just straight-up set a
just straight-up set it then make it
easier to understand and less
complicated 5% of the people said make
it easier and less complicated 4% have
more choices of plans that would also I
would put that in single-payer mm-hmm
get government out of health care four
percent said that those people be oh
yeah I don't know those are people yeah
that's that those people make me only
pay for what I need says 2% that's not
how insurance works actually you know
what I bet those four percent of the
people at the ACA really screwed them
over
oh the 4,000 I think it's because they
think it's because a government gets
because of the yeah and then one percent
says get rid of individual mandate one
percent that's everybody under
a 20 years old hmm so there's your
d-triple-c
turns out also the d-triple-c advised
candidates not to discuss gun control
policy right after the Vegas shooting
this is do you understand I don't people
still think this party is savable do you
think it is run after this I mean time
and time again I'm proven like no like
it's just it seems like something worse
it seems like they're getting worse and
it seems like they have no interest in
fixing the problem and it seems like
that they're set up to remain this way
they're set up to be donor friendly yeah
and and the other thing that that I want
to say just about their their conclusion
about don't talk about single-payer you
know in graduate school I had to take
like a research class for you you
basically you're taught how to conduct
surveys and when you frame a question in
a way that doesn't lead to the answer
you were trying to get to it's
considered a failed survey and there
there's a phrase for it it's not
important it's academic jargon anyway
but there's an actual term for that
that's what this is this is if they were
trying to get to don't discuss
single-payer their question on how to
get there was totally non-void it was it
was a bad survey it was it was bad
research they're a research agency they
know that they know it so it's almost
like the d-triple-c is just trying to
justify yes being against single-payer
that's exactly what this is Ron yes this
is they are hey this is where we want
you guys to end up no single-payer now
go do a survey and come up with that
with those conclusions that's what
they're doing and we're gonna pay you to
do it and if you don't do it we won't
pay you tell me right then it's like
there's no way you are this stupid and
tone-deaf there's just no way so you're
just set up to fail on purpose which yes
leads to the conclusion that yeah I
don't think this party savable but
getting back to the Medicare this is
from the intercept so part of the memo
produced by greenberg follows up with an
additional talking points for members of
Congress to use back in their districts
so after they do this bold bogus polling
that says people don't want single-payer
they then come up with talking points
for congressional candidates or can't
congrat Congress people to use back in
there
ricks and here here's some of it oh it
says I'll read that to you what it says
it says the Republican plan should be
the focus
meaning if you talk to anyone in your
district focus on the Republicans plan
meaning don't focus on your plan what
you're offering why cuz you ain't
offering them anything that's exactly
what we've been saying all along the
Democrats need their own agenda they
need to push together their own is yet
they need to all be screaming
single-payer free college and the wars
living wage make break attacks the banks
break up that's what they then they're
not they don't have an alternative
that's the problem
so there they go the folk the Republican
plan should be the focus but in terms of
what Democrats would do to improve
health care communicate clear simple
ideas about lowering people's health
care costs not about single-payer the
first thing they say is allow them but
you should say as a Democrat well we
should allow the federal government to
negotiate with drug companies to get a
lower price on medications for people on
Medicare like the Veteran Affairs
Department does guess why they don't do
that now
because the Democrats and Barack Obama
gave that away to that big pharma so
they could pass Obamacare yet they could
have insisted on that Barack Obama
knuckled and the Democrats knuckled
under to their donors we should already
have this the Democrats already
controlled Congress completely and the
White House we should already have all
this we didn't even know she ate with
Medicaid because of Barack Obama and the
Democrats don't even negotiate drug
prices whatever the drug company say you
have to pay we have to pay number to
allow middle class families to qualify
to qualify for tax breaks to reduce
their health care costs but stay away
from specifics on which income brackets
should qualify that's what it says
unbelievable this is the advice the
d-triple-c gives the Congressional
wonder why half the country doesn't vote
do you wonder why we need a third party
why we need a revolution if pressed on
how to deal with insurance companies the
following is a top
proposal require audits of insurance
companies to ensure they are reducing
administrative costs so this is all just
talking points to tell people in lieu of
actually solving their problems in lieu
of actually trying to help them in the
way you know you should help them this
is what the Democrats say your
own constituents them that's
what politicians should do why because
we're not really trying to help them
we're trying to satisfy our corporate
donors oh my god hey Tom Perez maybe you
should put your values on the ballot but
and I mean especially like when you sum
up those it's like well we're gonna
cooperate with the corporation and we
all know make sure administration costs
are in line we all know that's code for
let's make sure the people with no money
and no power ie the employees aren't
getting paid that much that's right
that's what that's code for so not only
are these BS nonsensical talking points
they're Republican yes talk their
republic could take very well put you
know what I like to tell people I'm just
like look I'm not saying that we need to
abandon the Democrats and start a new
party because I think we need a third
party I'm saying that cuz I think we
need a second one ah it goes on this
memo goes on it says it suggests
focusing on criticizing Republicans
health care plans only if asked you have
the biggest winning argument in the
world we're gonna give you Medicare for
all
the Republicans want to take away your
health care boom you win the election
they go don't do that
and then you wonder how why half the
country doesn't vote because you guys
aren't offering the people anything
that's why half the people didn't vote
for Hillary Clinton because they know
they didn't vote Alif that's why half
the country didn't bother to vote so
here it is suggested talking points here
it is it says the House Republicans
repealed plan takes away health care
from 24 million hard-working people
that's the wreck talking points so
here's their solutions proactive
solutions only if asked don't tell
people your solution for health care
unless they ask you specifically or
after you lost the election that you can
tell them if
I was handed a manual and it just said
proactive solutions and then in
parenthesis only a fast I would just
throw the manual way right then right
that would be enough to be like oh this
is done and then again none of
this is single-payer there's a lot of
stuff in this memo that mentions
single-payer except it's all this is how
the arre bright wings gonna attack you
on single-payer and they don't give you
any talking points to rebut it the
talking points they give you is this
which is corporate talking points to
show you how we not want single-payer we
want our corporate health care that's
what this is we need a federal
government to negotiate with drug
companies in Medicare we will save
Americans 24 billion Milka we'd also
need to require audits of insurance come
get rid of the insurance companies
Medicare for all they won't do it so now
back to this story the d-triple-c this
is this was after the Vegas shooting we
found this memo and it says team last
night's shooting will dominate the news
today and will garner serious coverage
the rest of this week you and your
candidate will be understandably
outraged and upset as will your
community however this is after the
Vegas shooting every is gonna be upset
which you should be however however
there it says right there don't
politicize it today that's the Democrats
telling their own candidates don't
politicize gun control the day after a
massacre by the way not talking about it
is politicizing it because if you don't
talk about things when they happen that
means you're ignoring it you're making a
political decision to ignore it which is
a poll you're politicizing that you're
saying I'm okay with the status quo
there's no such thing as being
non-political it's already politicized
it's an issue now you can choose to
ignore the issue which is one form of
political organization because it takes
politics to fix it and it also takes
politics to keep it broken so there's no
getting out of this what that when they
say don't politicize it they make don't
talk about a solution because we're in
bed with corporations this is the
Democrats saying this this is the
Makran yes the Democrats telling them
don't talk about single-payer don't talk
about gun control this is the Democrats
telling their own candidates that and
now you wonder why half the country
doesn't freaking vote but I'm sure it's
Russia I'm sure it's got Russia's throw
through as the election you thought Ron
you know will be awesome is to just go
around and show like some of this
verbage and like all the stuff we've
looked at and be like isn't it so gross
how the Republicans manage their
messaging and then the person would be
like yeah it totally is that's why I'm
always vote Democrat be like hey this is
gonna blow your mind sit down wait for
this this isn't from the Republicans
because I think so many people like they
don't realize that like the Democrats do
this nonsense know this people still
think Russia and the Democrats are the
antidote to republicanism the Democrats
are not the antidote they are not the
solution the Democrats are not gonna fix
your problems and they're not gonna fix
this country that's just a fact so I
still that can't wait to get Bernie on
the show so I can ask him these
questions they're still nook are you
still calling them yeah yeah we've been
what and what's up haven't heard
anything for a bit but oh really yeah
I'll keep trying so I you know what I'm
gonna start calling him yeah let's I'll
start calling them what's the guy's name
you're calling Josh this isn't Josh yeah
yeah alright we're gonna call Josh at
the Bernie Sanders campaign I know
you're we're a little afraid of
progressive media what are you 80 years
old Josh Bernie's supposed to be out of
touch you're supposed to help get him in
touch not keep them away from
progressive media maybe that's why you
guys lost a primary because you don't
have enough fight in you you're afraid
of the Democrats that's Josh now that's
Josh calling me right now there he is
hey let's set it up okay so there you go
now you know why half the country
doesn't vote now you know why we need a
third party they're not changing they're
getting worse and all those Senate
Democrats who said they were for Bernie
Sanders single-payer as soon as it
becomes viable they will get away from
it they will undermine the Democrats in
California have a filibuster majeure
supermajority they have the governor
Senate and the house and we don't have
single-payer why cuz ant
here end in his bought that's why
because the head of the party in
California used to be a farmer supposed
to be a lobbyist for the pharmaceutical
industry Eric what's his name Bauman
mm-hmm that's why this is why I say you
can't you got to stop voting less or too
evil cuz they were evil that's why
because they don't want to fix your
problems who will vote for vote for the
puppet on the left instead of the puppet
on the right and then we'll wag our
finger and everybody else who doesn't
vote to prop up a a one-party
corporatism which is what this is okay
we'll see you March 26th that's in
Austin we just added another show in
Austin on a Monday night March 26 we'll
see you in Austin March 30th will see
you in Burbank California please make
sure you're subscribed because even if
you think you are you're not just check
just make sure you check and if you can
