hi welcome to part three of our
interview with Mark Z and professor
Richard wolf so we need people like you
in in politics I know that that you you
were you had meetings about running for
mayor of New York and there are a lot of
people behind you in that effort what
why didn't you run well let me tell you
a story I did run for mayor of the city
of New Haven Connecticut where I lived
for 30 years
back in the middle 1980s we created the
New Haven Green Party and I ran as the
mayoral candidate there had never been
the Green Party in New Haven New Haven
is a very democratic city the last
Republican mayor
in New Haven was in 1953 to this day so
this is a democratic place I ran in 1985
I got 10% of the vote first time I ran
two years later I ran for City Council
it's called the Board of Aldermen in our
town and I got 47% of the vote and it
taught me a fundamental lesson if you go
door-to-door to the American people and
you tell them that this system isn't
working and it's time for change you
will be amazed at how many people will
sit and talk to you and have a good
conversation and a significant number of
them will do something they never
thought they would do because they come
from families where everybody either
voted Democratic or voted Republican
that's all they know that's all they
ever heard of you are asking them to do
something fairly big by stepping out of
that tradition so we're asking something
big and that 10% did it the first time
they ever met me and just had back and
forth with me and then 47 if I had
stayed in New Haven I'd be an elected
official there and that's despite the
fact that I'm very critical and I have
the word Marxian attached to my name and
stuff like that if a person like that
can do it in the city of New Haven
Connecticut which isn't that different
from a lot of other American cities then
believe me it can be done and I think
you're seeing now
there was a store the other day the New
York Times about candidates around the
country who accept the labels socialist
kind of the way Bernie did yeah being
able to get all kinds of people's
supports and making real inroads in
running for little offices at the local
municipal level all the way up I'm
finding this I think I think you're
seeing a massive shift in the American
population it's certainly coming up in
my experience that which is why they
need to throttle shows like this happen
so why didn't you run for mayor of New
York in order to do that properly it was
clear it clear to me I've done having
done it before
right you need a certain minimum amount
of support you need a certain minimum
amount of money because you cannot reach
populations in the time you I mean it's
no accident that money is crucial that's
one of the ways you keep a system like
this going if you need a lot of money to
be able to do it then only the people
who either have it or can get it are in
a position to run and I explicitly found
that that there was a lot of interest
but I would need four or five years to
work on that to get to the point I think
people are doing that now and I take my
hat off to them but we were faced with
that decision in a matter of months and
it just wasn't feasible speaker just
taste and politics for a second Cynthia
Nixon is now challenging Andrew Cuomo
from the left do you think she's the
real deal because I'm skeptical and she
I know the money people are gonna come
after her now meaning that I'm sure the
the consultant class and she will be
co-opted if she isn't already what do
you think I don't know much about her
but you're absolutely right she is sort
of staked out positions clearly to the
left of Andrew Cuomo on the other hand
positions to the left of Andrew Cuomo
are not difficult to stake out since he
is awful I mean there is no nice I can't
I mean I actually knew his father Mary
because he worked with my father four
years ago and the son isn't the father
no and the father who made his
compromises still had a kind of core old
New Deal kind of solidity that you could
see and that would come out this is his
son is a hustler he's a political
hustler he travels right down the middle
he makes deals with the wealthiest of
Americans who live in New York State
ever knows he ports the will of the
people yeah he has nothing to do he's
running for president he's yes the
imagination he's gonna do that so it
created a vacuum we had a woman unknown
Cynthia Nixon because of Sex in the City
and all of that is very well known we
had a woman Zephyr Teachout who did
extraordinarily well against him for an
unknown person who came in at the last
minute I think it's a testimony to the
fact that he has alienated an enormous
number of people we have a third party
in New York City the working people's
working family working families party
and they've endorsed Cynthia Nixon now
which is unusual for them to break from
right from the normal endorsing of the
Democrat I think all of these are straws
in the wind however well she does that
the dissatisfaction with conventional
politics left-right right oblique and
Democrat running very very deep and not
just here in Europe you know suddenly
you have basically the Bernie Sanders of
England Jeremy Corbyn walking away and
he's the most popular politician away
bernie is here because he uses less
funniness
and all the others do and you see in
Italy the the comedian who's a big
success there and that's not so much
because he's all that good it's because
people have had it with the conventional
Republican and Democrats mouthing
their--the in civics class kind of
rhetoric nobody wants this anymore and
everybody holds them responsible for the
mess we're in why would you want more of
them that's one of the reasons Trump is
in there yeah because people look to
Clinton and said oh my god
not more of that and even though he
looked really scary
she was for sure not the real deal and
he might be and that turns out he isn't
but he might have been at least for some
people so you don't you don't put most
of the blame for Trump you don't put
most of that on Susan Sarandon Jill
Stein or the Russians no I'm afraid I'm
afraid that mr. Trump is half right when
he says this is a lame excuse for having
lost an election whatever the Russians
may or may not have done with my guesses
we'll never know anyway in the nature of
that kind of thing that goes on but I
think what you're seeing here is a very
sad look let me give an example that may
not offend anyone Britain the British
working class has really been savaged
since 2008 they've been treated worse
than the Americans their real income has
dropped by about 10 to 12 percent really
it's a staggering what has happened to
the British working class so when they
went to vote this last time the brexit
on brexit on whether the British stay in
Europe or they go out they didn't care
about in or out of Europe they don't
know about it they don't care they were
so angry at what had been done to them
for ten years that the minute they saw
the ruling folks in the Conservative
Party and also the Labour Party saying
yes we must stay in Europe they all said
oh no and they gave the collective
finger that's what they did that made no
sense they're not gonna be helped by
this they're learning now that it's
gonna that the rich are gonna try to
make money out of this and they're gonna
get screwed again this is the reality
because that's not the problem in or out
of Europe they have to face what the
real problem is that they have a ruling
class squeezing them to save itself and
if they can learn that in England which
they are slowly doing then my feeling is
we'll learn it here too and that's what
mr. Trump is a mistake you may have
given your finger to the system but you
put into place a person who's gonna do
it right back to you you didn't solve
your problem you didn't understand what
your problem was so you you took a
dead-end and you're gonna see that it's
a dead end
so a
if the answers to our problems involves
the political class and taking back
control of our government from
corporations what I'm what I've been
telling people is that there is no way
Wall Street fossil fuels and the
military-industrial complex are ever
going to allow one of the major parties
to represent the people that isn't going
to happen so what do you think should
happen I think that Bernie Sanders is
missing his moment and he's the most
popular politician by far he's way more
popular than Democrats and Republicans
will ever be and if he started another
party it would immediately become the
most popular party in the country yet he
won't do it now William Binney who was
an NSA code breaker at my show he he
said it's because they have it we live
in a surveillance state and they control
everyone that way why do you think he
won't do it I'm not a hundred percent
sure he won't that is I think it's
always in the back of his mind partly
because he's been the outsider type all
his life I actually knew him a little
bit when he was a young man many years
ago he's always been you know ornery and
different and not gonna go along and not
gonna be persuaded that his career would
be better off if he toned it down he
really does believe the things he said
this is not a convenience of his
position and I think if they make it
impossible in just the way you suggest
if they really close it all down he will
do it because he will rather finish his
life being the daring one who tried than
being the fool who went along because
you know he doesn't have that much more
time I know a macabre but what what's he
saving it up for I don't know but I also
think I guess maybe I disagree with you
a little bit Germany the British didn't
expect brexit Americans never expected
trouble things are happening that were
not in the script were not planned
things are spinning out of control and I
don't think they can put that genie back
in the bottle
all that quick it's under way yeah they
don't want it and they will go to
extraordinary lengths and that's scary
to stop it but I'm not sure they can do
it after all remember every other
horrible empire Emperor's our king who
never wanted to be overthrown it
happened anyway you know we used to
describe the Soviet Union member as a
surveillance state in the KGB and
abettor and a lot of that was true but
when that time was up for the Soviet
Union all of that didn't help him it
disappeared it imploded I don't see any
reason to imagine that that can't happen
here do you think it will require
another economic collapse and do you
think another economic collapse is
coming most of the people I know on Wall
Street and I live fairly close to Wall
Street and because I went to the
fanciest universities in the United
States a lot of my friends and
classmates are big shots you know I like
to tell people that one of my classmates
at Yale where I got my PhD was Janet
Yellen who became the head of the
federal reasons like that
I know these they know me and I know
that the general opinion is the
following everywhere the capitalist
system has ever come over the last 300
years it has shown itself to be an
unstable system it has an economic
downturn or a business cycle or whatever
you want to call it and on average they
happen every four to seven years okay on
average that doesn't mean it's always
four to seven on average okay a ten year
expansion right we have the last major
town was 2008-2009 so you do the
arithmetic and everybody is saying we're
due for one that doesn't mean you know
it's gonna happen in 2018 or 2019 but if
you want to ask on Wall Street is a
economic downturn coming and could it be
a doozy
the answer is at least 40% of the
economists of all persuasions believe
that that is coming and that's why
you've had warnings in the last several
weeks the IMF has put out a warning the
World Bank has put out a warning here's
the warning we are due for one and if it
comes it risks being a real bad one
not a little mild one for 18 months with
12 you know two or three percentage
point unemployment but something more
along the lines of what happened in 2008
in 2009 why because we haven't learned
any of the lessons of 2008 and 9 we are
now lending money to people who can't
afford a house we're lending money to
people can't afford a car banks are
making cash disbursements because they
can rake in enough to make that a
profitable gambit in the way that it was
before they're creating special
securities that mingle these things
together the way they did before because
the low interest rates of the last few
years
consumers and companies and governments
have borrowed more money than ever
before in human history
if things go down they can't pay those
loans back and that's gonna upset this
system on a scale we haven't seen before
will this all happen nobody knows that
but could it go for sure and could it be
really bad yeah and if that happens on
top of the trouble most Americans are
still in leftover from the last one then
I think there's no limit to what could
happen so why didn't anyone see it
coming in 2008 I always good questions
so very few if the varies only like
maybe two people who I ever saw in the
culture who were saying it and one of
them was Greek so why didn't anyone see
this coming I think the answer is the
power of ideology we came out of the
trauma of the Great Depression of the
1930s which remember lasted from 1929 to
1941 in 1933 the unemployment rate in
the United States 25 percent that's 6
times what it is today
etc etc we came out of that trauma
not only willing and able to do things
we had never done before tax the rich to
create Social Security and unemployment
company you know you know reelect the
same man president cuz he could do no
wrong FDR because he had done this tax
too rich and given to the mayor we did
things we had never seen before
but we also persuaded ourselves that we
had learned the lessons we could now
manage this capitalist economy monetary
policy with interest rates and money
fiscal policy with taxation and
government spending I went to the
Harvard Stanford in year the only
schools ever went to where they all
taught us we know how to manage this
economy that's a mindset that means you
have no idea what to do when it falls
apart because you don't believe it can
fall apart you know how to do it the
reason no one saw it coming was
literally we had trained ourselves not
to see it coming to believe that it
couldn't possibly happen so when it did
panic real panic because you me an
example back in the 1940s every graduate
program in economics teaching skilled
economists had a course called the
business cycle he is supposed to
understand this system we live in is
very unstable it bounces around like a
rubber ball and you have to learn about
that by the 1960s that course was gone
because the ideology said we don't have
to study this this is an anachronism
it's ancient history we were after day
so by the time the generation and in
charge now gets to be in charge now it
has had an education when it has never
studied these things that's why we are
in a mess we're in now in part because
we don't know what we were doing in 2008
and now there was no preparation no
understanding it was a mess it's been a
mess ever since so my guess is that the
answer to your question is we didn't see
it coming because we had persuaded
ourselves that it couldn't happen that
we lived in an economic system that in
fact had overcome the instability it
never did that
it hasn't overcome that instability
anywhere where capitalism has settled in
not here not Europe Latin America not
China nowhere it's one of the intrinsic
floors of capitalism which we don't want
to face because if you do then you have
to scratch yourself and say why are we
living in an economic system that
bounces around like this every four to
seven years throwing millions of people
out of work making it impossible to
calculate how your business is gonna
survive because in the next four years
who knows what's gonna come and upset
your plans this is no way to organize an
economic system why would you do that
that the fear of those questions being
asked contributes to the fantasy that it
can happen to me it's really like a
young person saying you know I will only
be loved there will never be anybody who
hates me that's a very painful when you
discover no there will be people who
manage that please make sure you
subscribed it only takes a second make
sure you're subscribed and click that
bell so they give you a notice whenever
we drop a video and if you can become a
page when we give you hours of bonus
material every week our next life shows
June 30th in Portland Oregon and we do a
super silent chat every Saturday that's
our live stream you can ask us questions
that we answer back that Saturdays at
2:00 p.m. Pacific
plus we run steam it we're steaming it
right now
you
