so you know ice is horrible ice I don't
even know what is I stand for
immigration I don't even know what it
stands for can you look it up yeah do it
Brad oh no tell me tell me what those
because we saturation Immigration and
Customs Enforcement Oh Immigration and
Customs Enforcement okay because we used
to have a thing called AI NS which was
immigration and nationalization services
or naturalization services and then the
there after 9/11 the Bush and the
Democrats got together to decide to come
up with another organization well we're
gonna talk about that right now
so you know Isis bad you know what's
been happening that it's there there's
there a fascist organization that needs
to be getting got rid of we don't need
ice in fact there's a lot of people
calling for the abolition of ice right
so here's a guy named Sean Micmac Ellie
he's from in the nation he writes it's
time to abolish ice a mass deportation
strike force is incompatible with
democracy and human rights I totally
agree I totally agree
ice as it is presently exists as an
agency devoted almost solely to cruelly
and wantonly breaking up families so
this idea that people again it's
somebody disabuse you of this idea that
people join law enforcement because they
want to do good if you John join ice
you're a sicko okay if you join
ice you like with people that's
why you join ice you don't join ice
because you try to help people you join
us because you get out your rocks off by
 with people and I'll say that to
anybody who's in ice we don't need you
go away you want to help people go teach
kids to read go become a fireman go
volunteer somewhere go become an EMT go
become a doctor or a nurse go become a
teacher you want to help people you want
to be a fascist prick breaking up
families joy nice because that gets your
rocks off
so the agency talks about and treats
human beings like they're animals they
scoop up people in their apartments or
their workplace and then take them miles
away from their spouses and their
children
groups like indivisible project and the
Center for popular democracy have also
called for defunding ice brand-new
Congress a progressive pack has the
proposal in its immigration platform
lose a lot of progressive organization
saying the fund ice ice is terrorizing
American communities right now said
Angela Padilla policy director for the
indivisible project they're going into
schools entering hospitals conducting
massive raids and separating children
from parents every day we are funding
these activities we are funding the
exacta your tax dollars are funding
these activities and we need to use all
the leverage we have to stop it ice was
a direct product of the post September
eleventh panic culture and was created
in the legislation Congress passed in
the wake of --get acts from the start
the agency was paired with the brand-new
Department of Homeland Security's
increased surveillance of communities of
color and immigration and immigrant
communities by putting ice get this is
important by putting high ice under the
scope of the Department of Homeland
Security the government framed
immigration has a national security
issue rather than an issue of community
development diversity or human rights so
you see what this is so now we've
created this ice and they're treating
immigrants not as a problem of community
development or of human rights or
diverse they're treating immigrants as
terrorists that's what's Happ
and turns out the terrorists are the
victims and we're the Nazis we're doing
 that I thought only Nazis would do
tear babies away from their mothers as
they're breastfeeding that's what
 Nazis do know that's what
America does a lot of Americans can't
wait to join ice to do it and by the way
didn't start with Trump we're gonna get
to that right now the central assumption
of ice in 2018 is that any undocumented
an undocumented immigrant is inherently
a threat to our national safety in that
way Isis tactics are philosophically
aligned with racist thinkers like
Richard Spencer and the writers at the
white supremacist journal V dare humans
Horman so this guy Horman who's the
acting ice director does not a does not
apply a light touch when expressing his
authoritarian tendencies so this ice has
become this fascist authoritarian
 nightmare creator and here's
what this guy who's the head of ice has
said he has threatened to jail and
prosecute local officials in so-called
sanctuary cities that do not fully
comply with ice mandates that sounds
like the GOST Gestapo that sounds like
the SS in Germany we're gonna come in
and we're we're we have the authority
and we're gonna imprison you don't kill
these Jews we'll put the mayor in jail
that's what this sounds like
the agency has also clearly been
targeting political opponents for
deportations and has worked to deport
individuals for speaking to media about
ice that's happening Alexandria LoCascio
Cortez who was challenging Joe Crowley
in New York's 14th congressional
district which covers most of the part
of the Bronx and queens told me this
writer for the nation that she believes
that after a long and protracted history
of sexual assault and uninvestigated
deaths in Isis detention facilities
as well as the corrosive impact ice has
had on our schools courts and
communities it's time to reset course
sergej percent patel a child of
immigrants is running a well-funded
insurgent campaign against Democrat
incumbent representative carolyn maloney
in new york's 12th congressional
district and this is what sir jay says
defunding ice and returning it to be a
passport patrol and Customs Enforcement
Agency rather than an above the law
deportation squad is a critical step to
protecting all Americans and our civil
liberties so let's go back to what we
had before 9/11 an agency that was do
dealing with passport patrol and Customs
Enforcement the call to abolish ice is
above all a demand for the Democratic
Party to begin seriously resisting and
unbridled white supremacists
surveillance states that it had a hand
in creating remember the Democrats
joined George Bush to create ice ice
hasn't always been here
we don't need ice though the
party has moved left on core issues from
reproductive rights to single-payer
health care has not done that it's time
for progressives to put forward a demand
that deportation be taken not as the
norm but rather as a disturbing
indicator of authoritarianism because it
is so we're where's Chuck Schumer and
Nancy Pelosi saying working and we're
gonna do fun dice we're not voting for
the next thing we're gonna do fun
they're not doing that because how's
that I'm going to show you in a second
Kamala Harris supports ice the senator
from the bluest of the blue states this
is from Vox pretty much this is great
this is from Vox by pretty much any
quantitative measure arrests
deportations the share of all deportees
who had no criminal record any year of
Obama's first term saw more aggressive
immigration informant for enforcement
then Trump's first year so by any
measure the Obama administration was
much tougher on immigrants their first
year than Trump was by any measure by
any measure Obama's first year was worse
for immigrants than Trump's think about
that and then wonder why 30-some percent
of Hispanics voted for Trump but because
ice was being run by a Democrat one who
had promised to legalize unauthorized
immigrants many progressives didn't pay
much attention at the time and more
important the policy was packaged very
differently
oh so again what we've said here Obama
puts the left to sleep so Obama
was doing this horrible and where
were the Democrats where were the
progressives but now Trump's doing it
and everyone's awake which is what we
said would happen on this show that
Trump is gonna put an ugly face on the
horrible our country's been doing
for the last eight years and he is the
administration itself meaning the Obama
administration itself downplayed the
aggressiveness of its tactics it spent
most of its time promising that ice was
going after felons not families though
it wasn't until November 2014 six years
after he was elected 2014 when a
Department of Homeland Security memo
sent restrictive guidelines and when ice
could arrest unauthorized immigrants
that felons not families became more or
less a reality so it wasn't until six
years after the bullshitter Obama's
presidency started that he actually
implemented the proper policies he
claimed he was but because it's a change
from a period of relative safety
deportations did go down in the final
years of the Obama administration's his
second term not his first and because of
Trump's anti-immigrant rhetoric
it feels like something new but it's not
so now you want to hear what the blue is
senator from the bluest of blue states
had to say about ice here Chris Hayes
asked sir should I speak about here's
what she has to say
should I suggest so he asks did he turn
up a little in the room so he asks
should Isis exist should ice exist
should ice exist it will certainly when
we're talking about people who well
certainly that's the senator from the
bluest of blue states should ice exist
this thing we invented after 9/11 that
we don't need that is terrorizing our
cities and people of color and here's a
woman of color saying certainly it
should exist this is our senator from
the bluest of blue states Bernie inside
your Democratic Party should ice exist
should ice exist it will certainly when
we're talking about people who have
committed serious and violent crimes you
know I mean Chris you know my background
I'm a prosecutor I believe that there
needs to be serious severe and Swift
consequence when people commit serious
and violent crimes the one human being
kills another human being a woman is
raped a child not is molested there
needs to be serious consequence and
certainly if they are undocumented they
should be deported if they commit those
serious and violent offenses we already
have a system in place to deal with that
Kamala you bullshitter you proud
prosecutor we already have a priority
have in place someone murders someone
someone commits a sexual assault we
already have police to investigate that
and prosecute those people we don't need
a federal or organization to do that
there's already prety police in place
and if that person is undocumented they
commit a felony they're already going to
be deported we don't need another
organization another white supremacist
fascist organization but this is your
leading Democrat she's the most
progressive Democrat on immigration in
the Senate this is her and she's full
throated ly supporting ice and give
you a reason for it this is gas
lighting yes ice has a purpose I says a
role I should exist you tell me what
kind of a garbage party the Democrats
are you tell me this is what the
Democrats want us to vote for for
president this is my senator
these aren't garbage politicians she has
bought and paid for she is not one of
the good ones she's your enemy but this
Bernie wants you to join this party is
the party Bernie wants you to join the
party were the leading senator from from
the blue is the blue states the most
progressive on immigration of course we
need ice
these people are murdering people and
committing sexual assaults did you
 hear her she sounds like Trump
this is your resistance so these are the
questions we have for Bernie and he
won't come on the show to answer them so
Bernie's running from progressive do
shows that's a fax he'll go ahead if you
voted for Hillary he'll go on your show
he'll go on Bill Maher show and any
other show where the host voted for
Hillary he'll go out every week so there
you go you know I've been coming
Kamala Harris is for ice I'm not even
gonna put ice in my coke anymore
how about that you know Jimmy I was just
gonna highlight again how Kamala Harris
when she was the Attorney General our
prison systems yeah they'll exploded so
she's such a punitive person she was
ordered by the state to Reeve to release
because of the overcrowding she was
ordered by a court three times to
release prisoners
she didn't do it and her office
you know what their argument was that it
would hurt our prison labor population
that was their argument about making
that up so every time there's a fire in
the state of California and they need
extra people to help they get prisoners
they use prisoners for that prison they
train them certainly yeah these people
are trained just like a fire person
would be trained okay but if they're
hurt during while they're helping with
this or they're killed they will not
receive any kind of compensation over
there family if they lose their life
while fighting the fire so you know it's
free labor everybody and that's what
we're doing right now
that's our jobs program the
military-industrial complex and the
prison industrial complex that's where
we're getting our labor so this is your
Democratic Party this is what's wrong
with the country we have two right-wing
parties propping up a racist criminal
justice system propping up a racist ice
this is unbelievable work this is not
leader this is the opposite of leader to
when people are screaming their heads
off about what's happening right now
with babies literally being ripped away
from their mothers as they're nursing
and she says of course we need them
they're rapists
this is what she said she sounds like
Trump
that's your liberal progressive
from a blue state senator Kamala Harris
was any justice in this world Kamala
Harris would be in prison for not
prosecuting Steve minuchin she's corrupt
as they come I've got no problem saying
that about her
she's corrupt as they come and if you're
against Trump because he's corrupt you
got to be against her cause she's
corrupt and this is living proof of it
she's probably cool with dice cuz she's
taking money from private prisons that
they're putting those kids in I'll bet
you any money she is look up Gerardo do
a Google search there's Kamala Harris
take private prison money she's got to
why would she say something so
offensive like that she would say no
these immigrants are murdering people
and raping people and committing sexual
assault of course we need to have ice
and they need to be deported what that's
your answer that was her answer
to that question he learned it I just
played it for you you want to hear it
again it's horrible should I suggest
should ice exist it will certainly when
we're talking about people who have
committed serious and violent crimes you
know I mean Chris you know my background
I'm a prosecutor I believe that there
needs to be serious severe and swift
consequence when people commit serious
and violent crimes the one human being
kills another human being a woman is
raped a child not its molester there
needs to be serious consequence and
certainly if they are undocumented they
should be deported if they commit those
serious and violent offenses so yes ice
has a purpose ice has a role I should
exhibit those problems before ice Kamala
how do we deal with those when an
immigrant committed a crime but before
ice was invented what did we do we just
didn't prosecute it or did the police
investigate it and then prosecute those
people so that's a that's Cabala Harris
again doing what Democrats do corporate
 Stooges they guess like you
she's gaslighting you and I wish I had
the rest of that clip to hear what
stooge corporate stooge Chris Hayes had
to say because I bet it wasn't worth a
 this is your corporatist
gangbang this is Chris Hayes getting
$30,000 a day
to interview someone who's also getting
 millions of dollars from the
same donors
to lie to you to say we need ice
the next live Jimmy door show is July
1st in Portland Oregon July 15th in
Chicago in July 27th in Burbank
California go to jimmy dore comedy calm
for a link for all those tickets as
those Joe's Plus don't forget become a
patron help support independent media we
give you hours about bonus content every
week Plus every Saturday at 2 p.m. we do
our solid chat Saturday it's our live
stream on Saturdays 2 p.m. Pacific time
stick around for that and please make
sure you're subscribed even though you
think you are subscribed to this channel
there unsubscribing people every day
just check click subscribe and then
click the bell to make sure they send
you a notification when we're dropping
videos otherwise they won't tell you
thanks for your support
[Music]
