hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with rob blue cone and the
miserable liberal howdy honey i
miserable yay
so you know the critique of the
democratic parties since 1992 has been
that the democratic party under the
tutelage of bill clinton and al gore
decided to get in bed with the Koch
brothers decided to turn their back on
workers African Americans and the usual
base of the Democratic Party and what
happens when both parties represent
management is we get Donald Trump
because people are desperate and wanted
to smash the system what also happens
when the Democrats become the party of
Wall Street military-industrial complex
big pharma and fossil fuel companies is
that now we have the biggest income
disparity since the mid medieval times
that's what's happening in America right
now
unbelievable thirty million people still
don't have health care sixty-three
percent of Americans can't afford a
thousand dollar emergency fifty percent
of Americans are poorer low income and
50% of all wage earners are in less than
$30,000 in the United States the richest
country in the world renders a quarter
of its kids in poverty half the country
poor low income what do you call a
system that takes the richest country in
the world and does that you call that a
failed frickin system and the Democrats
did it voluntarily so Bill Clinton
deregulated Wall Street which made an
economic crash inevitable and it
happened within a decade after he'd
regulated Wall Street guy Rina FDR's
banking regulations at the same time he
gutted welfare called black kids super
predators exploded the prison population
and passed NAFTA which cut the legs off
from underneath the unions in America
and consequently George Bush won the
election in 2000 and Barack Obama won
and then the Democrats got wiped out at
every level of government to the point
where now they ran another neoliberal
who was promising more screwing over the
working-class TPP Barack Obama was
trying to pass the TPP at the same time
Hillary Clinton is trying to get
working-class people to vote for her
the dumbest thing in the history of
politics they did it and they lost to a
political novice they lost to a
political novice Donald Trump and then
they blamed another country instead of
themselves here's so we all know that's
the problem with the Democratic Party
that the Democratic Party then became
the party of war they are the party of
war they are the party of Wall Street
they are the party of big pharma big
insurance and fossil fuels Barack Obama
opened up the Arctic to drilling twice
and the reason why we have pipelines
underneath this country is because Brock
Obama repealed the legislation that said
you couldn't export fossil fuels Barack
Obama this is the Democratics failure
the reason why we're in the situation we
are in is because the Democratic Party
is no longer an opposition party they
are the party of war and military
industrial complex and wall street it's
over and that's why the country's in
shambles and that's why we're spending
seven hundred billion dollars a year on
a military well 30 million people still
in have health care in America and we're
swimming in mountains of school debt so
that's where we're at
that's the critique of the Democratic
Party it has failed and a lot of people
have said this critique right to Barack
Obama's face like here's Harry Belafonte
he's quoting Martin Luther King Harry is
my thinking last thing dr. King said to
me before he was murdered
Martin said you know I sit here deeply
concerned that I suspect we're leading
our nation on an integration trip that
has us integrating into a burning house
most of the politicians I know of big
promises only to walk into the places of
power and then deny us I guess part of
the reason I'm here is to really look
through the ravages of Democratic Party
and see if anything is really worth
salvaging he said that right and Barack
Obama's face and Hillary Clinton's face
right in their faces he said that that's
Harry Belafonte saying it in front of a
roomful of african-americans quoting
Martin Luther King here's Bernie Sanders
speaking in Mississippi on the
anniversary of the Martin Luther King's
death and here's what he had to say
[Music]
so there he is at a commemoration of the
anniversary of Martin Luther King's
death he says that in front of a room
I'm gonna guess a room full of
african-american lead applaud and they
applaud theirs in the street three
african-americans onstage with him and
the audience applauds so here we go
[Music]
[Music]
Barack Obama's an extraordinary
candidate a brilliant guy and a
charismatic leader those are the three
things he just said about Barack Obama
while he's criticizing the business
model of the Democratic Party the
business model of the Democratic Party
you know what that is right they can't
show up to a knife fight with a spoon
you know that so their business model is
to get in bed with Business Corporations
Wall Street military-industrial complex
big pharma and fossil fuel companies
right so that's their business model and
it's been a failure complete failure
they just lost to a political novice
they are wiped out at every level of
government
thousand-seat stay nationwide in
statehouses they're wiped out in the
house they're wiped out in the Senate
they've lost everything to people by the
way the Republicans who offer them
nothing that's how bad the Democratic
business model has been that they're
losing to politicians who offer
working-class people
nothing except taking away their health
care tax breaks for the rich and more
spending on wars that's what they're
offering and the Democrats can't beat
them so here we go I'll give you a
little bit more of this
[Music]
like when the Republican agenda is the
agenda of the actually win these
elections so one of the things that we
have got to those a vision earlier is
make sure that the Democrats you don't
win the elections unless you show up
so there he is laying it down talking to
plain truths and not giving you
platitudes but speaking in reality and
diagnosing the problem with the
Democratic Party at the same time going
out of his way to compliment Barack
Obama as a brilliant guy in an
extraordinary candidate and a
charismatic leader those are the three
things he called Barack Obama as he
criticizes his critiques and criticizes
the business model of the Democratic
Party which subjectively has been a
failure objectively no one would say
it's been of they lost to George Bush
and then DES and then and then after
here's a brocco bomber they lose to
Donald Trump that's outside of a failure
plus they're wiped out at every other
level of government so now that Bernie
has said that the corporate Democrats go
in to smear mode right away they go in
to smear mode because what that says is
we have to change the business model the
Democratic Party and immediately the
donors call they're uh they're bought
news commentators and they say you
better smear him and smear him good now
because people want real change he's the
most popular guy in the country and we
have got a smear him I told you people
don't ever attack people's ideas if
they're to the left to someone we've
seen it happen to this show people
continue to smear us because they don't
want to engage our ideas so they first
have to smear you dishonestly and that's
what people are doing to Bernie they
have to they can't you can't go against
his ideas his ideas medicare-for-all
everybody's for it in the country
his ideas free college everybody's poor
in the country his idea stopped the war
in Yemen everybody's for it in this
country his idea break up the banks tax
Wall Street everybody's for that in this
country so they got us they can't go
after his ideas so they got to
misrepresent what he's saying and smear
him and Q and Q the the the but what's a
good word for the people who would the
the the the puppets
the billionaire classes puppets
you the billionaire classes puppets in
the media to smear Bernie
so here well here's our friend joy joy
read one of the scummiest people in all
of News and it everyone knows it by now
for the record Barack Obama is quite by
the way Joanne Reed who called bra
Hillary Clinton a racist in 2008 when it
was convenient for her just so you know
for the record Barack Obama is quite a
bit more than just a charismatic leader
and the past decade saw genuine progress
particularly on health care and LGBT
rights the fierce backlash against the
Obama era doesn't negate it and MLK died
to make that progress possible MLK did
not die so Barack Obama can make the
bank's bigger expand from two wars to
seven get rid of habeas corpus expand
the surveillance state it was changed on
the outside because it's a black guy but
it was continuity on the inside he did
all of he made the Bush tax cuts
permanent he opened the Arctic to
drilling twice you know the rule I just
gave it to you he didn't do he didn't
bail out Main Street we didn't put on
that soft shoe and help the teachers he
didn't do anything for Occupy Wall he
did the exact it was just like we
elected Mitt Romney we got Romney care
anyway and we didn't get a public option
which Barack Obama promised he would
give to us and he didn't and he could
have given it to us with a 50 vote cuz
that's how they passed the health care
anyway here's someone named Viktoria
Brown worth Bernie Sanders calling
Barack Obama a failure on the 50th
anniversary of MLK's assassination is
one of the whitest things I've ever seen
I wanted to see what Joan Walsh had to
say but she's blocked me you know
corporate shill and scum of the earth
Joan Walsh but she's such a despicable
person here I'm gonna see if I can find
it don't find it you tell me what she
said and here's a guy who's a CNN
contributor Bakari sellers he's got a
blue check she knows important he says
y'all can defend Bernie all you want
again he's again remember burning the
most popular politician in the country
even with african-americans y'all can
defend Bernie all you want on
MLK's 50th his lack of self-awareness
and arrogance in dismissing 44 is wild
bernie 20/20 died on April 4th boy do
they want that to happen
Oh does this corporate tool want that to
happen
I'm gonna guess Bakari sellers has been
dismissing and saying Bernie's campaign
has been dead since he started in 2015
I'm gonna say that's how long this guy
has been saying it he's been saying it
every other day and probably twice on
Sunday
so all john walsh has done is she
retweeted lisa Tozzi who tweeted at an
MLK event Bernie Sanders said that
Obama's charisma obscured Democratic
failures over the last decade a critique
that ignited a sharp rebuke from black
Democrats who say he hasn't learned the
lessons of 2016 then there's a BuzzFeed
article you mean black Democrats like
Harry Belafonte black Democrats like
Cornel West and Tavis Smiley like Nina
Turner you mean those black Democrats or
do you mean bought and sold pieces of
garbage who are corrupt and smear left
you mean those kind of people Joan I bet
that's what you mean people like you
Joan who don't have a moral Center don't
wash no moral compass no moral Center
advocates against the people
she's a corporatist shill Joan Walsh go
ahead and how authoritarian of all these
people that here Bernie Sanders is
calling into question what progress we
have have made right and how many people
of color who tried to buy a home during
that tired how many of them lost their
homes because right of a Barako people
got hurt the binging wall streets the
people got hurt the most in the economic
crash engineered by Bill Clinton and Al
Gore the people who got hurt the worst
were black and brown people okay so
that's what the Denver and Edmund
explored the prison population who did
that the Democrats and in his
educational program race to the top what
a joke and I want to see President Obama
I want to see him out there with the
Oklahoma teachers because he missed his
opportunity several times Alana
he didn't goat he didn't go to Wisconsin
to put on a soft shoe with those
teachers he didn't go to West Virginia
to put on the
soft-shoe with those teachers he didn't
go to Kentucky he put on the soft show
with those teasers and he didn't go to
Oklahoma to put on the soft shoe with
those teachers Barack Obama's a
liar
okay Barack Obama is a corporatist
neoliberal who doesn't give a about
the workers he's in bed with
he's out windsurfing with Branson and
then when he comes back from that he
gives half a million dollar speeches to
the banks who have been screwing over
America for the last 20 years
that's who Barack Obama is Jimmy that's
who the goddamn Democrats are get in
your head
he's not your friend did he go and
helped Apple he didn't go to water
engineers Apple he didn't do Barack
Obama we think you don't have to you
know he's a buffoon he's a goddamn
neoliberal corporate is shield buffoon
and Joey read listen liberal and you'll
feel like I feel go ahead well Joanne
Reed wants us to believe that charisma
equates morality yeah it does it doesn't
you want to know how black people really
feel about Barack Obama here's how black
people really feel about Barack Obama
[Applause]
welcome senator Sanders Martin Luther
King social policy there's only one
candidate who plans though Sanders is
the symbol for all that is right in this
country he's honest God is one of the
main people what they did really has a
platform they're really telling the
truth to the people
Bernie Sanders bringing up a lot of
issues that need to be dealt with the
corporate media's been unfair to you we
have some special guests joining us this
morning senator Bernie Sanders and
rapper and Frank's in a room Kella Mike
looks like he's no more shoes
you work 40 hours a week you should not
be in poverty that's why people are
scared to go to the doctor because the
deal would be so expensive we as a
nation have a moral obligation when you
have an opportunity to tell to black
girls to shut up and get off stage and
you don't and you shake their hand and
you smile and you step to the side and
you listen that is a firm difference
from turning around and staring at a
little girl shut up I'll talk to you
later
as opposed to someone who will tell you
to shut up as opposed to someone who
will tell you later when it comes to
doing children dying in the street erica
garner the daughter of Eric garner who
died in a police chokehold is supporting
Sanders Cornel West hitting the campaign
trail for senator Bernie Sanders the
only one running without a super PAC the
only one ain't got all them big billions
of dollars behind we're gonna bother
slavery in this nation if women could
get the right to vote universal health
care can happen Spike Lee is throwing
his support behind the Vermont senator
tuition free college can happen I'm not
here to talk about a dream that we think
is unattainable so we settle for this
[Music]
that's why I've endorsed Bernie Sanders
so I'll just say this to judge on
Walsh's and the Baka caucus on CNN and
the of Joanne read we see
through your and you're afraid
of progress
and you're a corporate tool shill liars
and your smear merchants and I don't
have to talk nice cuz I don't give a
damn about some corporate overlord
giving me a cheque like all of you are
doing and you're despicable
that's despicable you're smearing a guy
like that a guy who sticks his neck out
for the people and who do you do it in
favor of someone like Hillary Clinton
that corporatists the people who have
wrecked this country
that's who you're sticking up for and
we're calling you out and that's why
we're here
go ahead anything left to say over here
well we can't forget the pressing issue
though that Bernie Sanders mentioned
Barack Obama in the same speech used the
word failure that a totally different
segment so there he is in Mississippi
getting it done
getting applause in front of that crowd
there to honor Martin Luther King and
then of course some people have to
pretend some corporate shills some
bought gutless news pundits for hire
then have to smear the progressive so
that's all you need to know we are you
already knew all those people I didn't
know that one guy I didn't know who this
guy was
Bakari sellers maybe that's Peter
Sellers kids or something who knows
cuz it's funny it's funny how stupid he
is Barry Sanders died it is funny
and of course CNN brings him on and why
did they bring on Bakari sellers because
he's smart because he's insightful they
bring about because he does the beating
of the corporations that the CNN serves
that's why they bring him on
they're never gonna bring on somebody
that upsets the apple cart and if they
do that get him off right away so yeah
so this these are garbage people that's
what these aren't right that's what you
would call these people he call these
garbage people who are smearing a guy
who stuck his neck out time and time
again 50 years ago he was chained to a
black woman and he didn't turn his but
he didn't wag his finger at a black
lives matter girl like your corporatist
warmonger sellout calorie clinton no he
actually did the right thing and
welcomed them and gave them a platform
but you still can spare him anyway
because Bakari sellers is a garbage
person and you know what I'm pretty
confident that when he was tied to that
black woman he didn't say hey I'm trying
to help you out super-predator I'm sure
you know let's talk about right now we
have a representative of the people Doug
Jones yeah right now Democrat Democrat
who was elected with with 93 percent
black women a night in Geneva that black
men 97% black women go ahead well the
point is that we're we are at a
crossroad and they don't want the
population the 99% the struggling class
they don't want us to come together
because that's a revolution and so we
have somebody like Bernie Sanders that's
highlighting and examining the failures
of the Democratic Party no no no we want
to keep pretending we're gonna represent
you right Doug Jones doesn't represent
you but there's lots of lefty shows who
wag your finger and say you have to vote
for Doug Jones you have to support these
people who sell out for no there's no
reason to support the Democratic Party
right now there's no reason Chuck
Schumer screwed you over
by allowing Chuck Schumer just made sure
they deregulated Wall Street the
