hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with rob the cone and
steps them around on the miserable
liberal and i hope you'll
appreciate that we're not telling you to
buy our stuff anymore but it's still
available and the mugs are still
quenching our thirst still thirst
quenching mugs so i just want to show
you the guy who they remembered that
this guy was the guy who they brought in
to fix Katrina he's that real
plain-spoken lieutenant-general and so
he's gonna let us know so that he's
talking with Chris Cuomo by the way very
tall Chris Cuomo is got probably six 162
and I bet six three anyway and he's
asked him about what they did what have
they learned what does the government
should be doing he's gonna tell us what
they should be doing he's gonna tell us
what they learned from Katrina cuz after
Katrina the government did move stuff
around in fact they had this thing
called in North Central CENTCOM he's
gonna talk about it let's let's listen
oh yeah and afterwards the Congress for
so after the failure of Katrina the
Congress so you military and reopen I'd
the more capacity so they reorganize the
military gave them more capacity so
because he keeps talking about that they
they're they're doing what they're
supposed to do but they're doing it at
too small of a scale that they're not
scaled up for this big of a thing and
that's what he's saying so let's listen
he's gonna he's pretty and he's pretty
thorough and he's and he knows what he's
talking about because he ran Katrina's
clean up so it be able to respond to a
storm like this as well as the
headquarters USNORTHCOM
under NORTHCOM or north on the general
Buchanan headquarters was created a
Longwood so they created this NORTHCOM
that's what he's talking about after
Katrina they created this and so what it
is it's the military's civil response to
disasters like this now the one thing
the military can't do is act as police
force so that they're not allowed to do
that but so that's what he's talking
about they created this North CENTCOM
and this general Buchanan's in charge of
it
and this is all because of Katrina so
that I didn't know that did you know
that I know I just know where that
marina Navy and the Air Force
Headquarters to be able to maneuver all
in these hurricanes and general Buchanan
is there now and my observations from b1
is that it should have been there
earlier its if not a function of them
not doing the right thing the government
did the right thing there pre position
the problem is scale and this was a
horrific storm and they still don't have
the scale right in terms of response if
you took ARMA ARMA was a textbook
operation President Trump did good on
that he did great on Harvey he gave him
everything they asked for but for some
reason on this storm we didn't maneuver
on it we responded to it in a different
manner I wonder why I wonder why I
wonder what it was about this storm that
made them respond in a different manner
hmm I don't know what do you know I
don't have any guesses they be they
can't vote for the president you think
they have to do it I think it had
something to do with it I have a feeling
too okay again it's hard and it's
offbeat and maybe the fact that even the
Washington Post didn't realize that
Puerto Rico was part of the United
States maybe maybe a lot of people don't
feel that urgency inside the government
because maybe they were unaware of it
too
especially this government not you tell
me maybe maybe the continental United
States which means we should have been
even more prepared to maneuver in behind
Maria we saw it coming for days
that being said is still a function of
scale we don't have a hundred
helicopters there yet we saw so he
recruits over the last report we did
they said they needed a hundred and
fifty helicopters he said and then I
read reports that they had authorized
150 helicopters I'm like oh okay so they
got the message while he's here and he's
saying that they still haven't gotten
even a hundred yet they're not even up
to a hundred helico
and why do you need helicopters in
Puerto Rico because they need to get the
supplies that are coming in they're now
loading up on the docks you got to get
them to towns and stuff well roads are
washed out and the truck drivers also
are wiped out so they not so you need
people to fly stuff there and he's gonna
explain how they do that that they have
a central pod in each city and he's
gonna explain it right now
less than six thousand military I agree
with just about everything the president
said you know they were there or they're
moving the problem is is scaled it's not
big enough and they still need to scale
up to over 100 helicopters we need to
make some exceptions and exemptions to
the FEMA rule to try to handle the
recovery in a different way we need to
put pods on the ground Chris every town
should have a pod that's a point of
distribution run by the National Guard
with a couple of Puerto Rican National
Guard troops there and bring in more
National Guard two-man those pods those
pod from our full of food water and ice
and even medics sometimes if people need
need help and they have communications
that is not been set up on so why has it
that set up come on how much it's been
almost two weeks since the hurricane
yeah they've had how do you not have
that set up you don't have a pot in
every city in Puerto Rico but support Oh
Rico's not that big right how do you not
have a central pod but for each one of
those and you fly in supplies this is
the United States military we're talking
about is the United States we're talking
about yeah that seems like the obvious
first step like make sure there's a
centralized place to get the necessary
resources you need to survive right food
water and he's saying that isn't it is
not he's saying it isn't set up yet
geesh it also sounds by the way that he
caught some blowback because he ripped
the president earlier we've covered it
where he said the government the
president doesn't give a damn about the
poor people in Puerto Rico and brown
people and he called him as sob right
and he said if he could call football
players sob I could call him an sob and
so he got pretty perfect cuz well he was
there so when you're in it you're
emotional right you and right when
people's you when you're in the middle
of a disaster you get a little emotional
so he did and now he looks a lot less
emotional he looks like he might be even
a TV studio somehow and he's got a suit
on so he looks you know what I mean so
now it seems if you did not to make the
death this is what this is about but it
seems like he's much being much more
diplomatic towards the president unlike
the president towards everyone else yeah
general Buchanan's going to get there
but we've got a need for speed
we need to get the additional
helicopters here and a different I saw
in Katrina the CEOs of America stood up
let me just ask this so those selects
let's say we have less than 100
helicopters there we need 150 where are
those others 60 to 70 helicopters what
are they doing right now and where are
they right where are they why can't
what's going on yeah it's not like we
got to build the helicopter is there
somewhere like we do have that supply of
helicopters in this country yeah the
helicopter that's a great they're there
somewhere yeah okay wait a minute so I'm
I'm completely overwhelmed by this
disaster and what is not happening to
Puerto Rico and when you tell me just
last week the Democrats supported an
eighty billion of year increase in their
military budget and that all that
military budget can't help pretty Rico
all that billions of dollars they can't
have the equipment right there right now
with you I don't have I have no idea why
it's taking this long they say that it
according to Democracy Now 3.5 million
residents remain without electricity and
are desperate for water water and
supplies 3.5 million people and they're
not doing enough for these I agree I
agree well if we're at the point where
we're celebrating or not maybe maybe not
celebrating but we're kind of giving a
pat on the back to Katrina right I mean
that was a disaster
yes I mean I mean Bush completely yes
you know poop the bet on that and and if
we're like you know celebrating that in
comparison they must really be I mean
yeah it must be like of epic proportion
yes is when government doesn't work it
fails the people the people are
suffering right in Katrina
I had CEOs called from all over the
country what do you need is on the way
we need that same focus on Puerto Rico
and the Virgin Island
we need American industry to strand up
get out there and move those trucks pull
read the truck drivers up to them get
paid $10 I'll and we expect them to go
out and some of the areas that's not
secured put guards with him so I hear
what he's saying that's a great analysis
of the problem is these Puerto Rican
drivers make $10 an hour you're gonna
ask him to go into these areas that
aren't secured with valuable supplies
people are gonna kill him right that's
what he's saying
not like hey why don't we pay these guys
a decent wage to begin with right why
are we paying these drivers to take
supplies 10 down why don't we pay them
here's it well he's gonna make the case
in the facts for a jobs program here it
comes
I think we've got to do Chris we need to
have a FEMA evacuation of the vulnerable
population I've sent a note to the
government I hope he had that discussion
with the president people are free to
leave the island but the airport is not
open 24/7 when I was at the airport
Sunday two of the six lines into TSA
were not open we had people standing
there for hours we need to scale up this
and I hope the American people is not
taking this as a criticism of the
president this is an idea that we have
not compared with the capacity to handle
the scope of the problem and he's a
businessman I hope you see that today
and we need to scale up we need to get
those additional National Guard we need
to get some additional helicopters we
need to bring in industry quickly to
mobilize using military ships that's
roll-on and roll-off to get all the
heavy equipment in there to get the
power grid better and I just wish he
would say and the reason why we don't
have that chip is because this man I fir
want to order it
why don't they what what is what is this
way he just keeps saying we need to get
it yeah why isn't it getting gotten
who's standing in the way what's the
chain of command to get that now you ran
to Katrina what's the who's who should
we hold responsible as a general
Buchannon because he's running north
Conn right now central what's going on
so this is what I understand he keeps
saying but we did but like as a citizen
I don't know well yeah go why doesn't
think well who is it in the government
that supposed to Perez it that is it
Buchanan is it the head of FEMA who is
supposed to be doing this so I read
somewhere that it was a bunch of Jill
Stein supporters I don't know well Bill
Maher will tell you that yeah bill barb
this is all Jill Stein's fault
hurricanes and bad responses Jesus we
need to get generators to every home
where people are staying we need to
encourage the National Guard families
you go to military bases or the friends
and families so those Guardsman's get
focused
their job and not have to worry about
and we need to get rid of the curfew you
can't recover a community when you only
work in doing daylight that means the
gas stations are closed ten hours a day
we got to get them all open all the time
and that may have changed since
yesterday because we've been pounding on
that as a recommendation and we've got
to do recovery in a different way we
cannot do recovery there like we did in
Texas and Louisiana and Mississippi we
need to allow local mayors the issue
contracts 40% of Puerto Ricans out of
work poop so Harry Harris what he's
talking about 40% of Puerto Ricans are
out of work so he says let's put him to
work let's have a jobs program but we
build this Puerto Rico you know that's
not gonna happen because bankers that's
not what bankers like well let them
solve their recovery and the disaster
reboot Bri on their own and bring their
companies back up but we need American
CEOs to stand up because it's businesses
at the end of the day that go from
Disaster Response which the military is
doing to keep people alive to get that
company up and operational again and any
company that got equities down they
didn't need to put their first team they
need to mobilize they need to get there
and all of America the Virgin Islands
Puerto Rico call in and make your
reservations to go there
because if you do that those hotels are
opened up and we need to go there to
have our conference at work for two or
three days just like the people did in
New Orleans they come help the people
rebuild the Virgin Islands and Puerto
Rico I think it was a great visit I hope
you've got a better understanding of the
scope of the tasks he's a businessman
he's got to scale this thing up and he's
got to give general Buchanan and
everything he has and I think it will
take days and weeks to get this
stabilized but he needed to put
something on his watch on how many hours
are days until he's want those pods
stood up in every town because until
they're stood up those mayor's are
standing out there alone he needs to put
on his talking about president the
president is to put on his watch he need
to give us a timeline a deadline of when
those pods would be in each town
do it that's what he's saying so he's by
the way he's going way easier around the
president today he's being way more
diplomatic than he was so he's
definitely got a talking to something
happened and I don't know what it was
maybe CNN said hey you know you gonna
hurt our sponsorship or something I
don't know what it was who knows what
happened but something happened so
that's all the stuff we need I again I
wish he would tell us so he talked about
general Buchanan
why don't they interview general
Buchanan uh that's what I would like I
would like Chris Cuomo to get general
Buchanan and the guy who is actually in
charge this guy's on a charge I want the
guy who's actually in charge Yeah right
right all that stuff we need where is it
where is there is it what is it do you
have a tracking number yeah did you ship
FedEx what did you do
where is it where are the extra 50
helicopters that we need where are those
helicopters I want to know where really
Davis authorized an extra seven hundred
billion dollars to the military we can't
get a freaking hundred helicopters to
Puerto Rico stat that's a prop that's
that's a logistical nightmare yet where
we have a thousand military bases around
the world do you know that we have a
thousand the military bases around the
world we're practically occupying
Germany still but we can't get a hundred
helicopters to Puerto Rico so again I
wish Chris Cuomo would would sad that's
what I would have said to him well who's
the person who's supposed to order those
helicopters who's the person who's
supposed to make sure those pods are
there well ultimately is the president
the United States mm-hmm ultimately but
I would like to know logistically right
now who should Chris Cuomo call who
should he have who should he get on the
Skype interview right now that's what I
want to know we can't get them on the
Skype interview we're just jag-offs
nightclub comedians but Chris Cuomo has
got the power of CNN and although and
all their money so that's what I would
like to find out but you know all
through the presidential election time
Trump loved to go on the phone and do
Foner's yes we'd love to talk to you on
the phone every single morning right
he'd love to go on Twitter but there's
hardly a word on Twitter from him when
it comes to preto Rico oh really
you can't hear anything about Puerto
Rico from president trample he spent a
few hours there today yeah fantastic
spent a few hours there today we're
actually gonna and it was embarrassing
and we're gonna talk about it you mean
he's a disaster it's it's almost a job
we have a joke presidency we're and it
would be more of a laughing matter if
there wasn't so much nefarious that
they're trying to do but they're only
doing the stuff that did the Horrible's
the real horrible stuff they're doing
they're doing with the help of the
Democrats like an extra 70 what is 80
billion dollars a year to the military
anyway that's another video Portland
Oregon the Jimmy Dore show is coming to
the Alberta Rose theater November 12th
and we're going to Burbank California
November 6th and the Hollywood improv on
October 16th there's a link for tickets
right down there go to jimmy dore comedy
calm for all legs for all shows
