how everybody walked with Jimmy Dorsey
oh I'm here with the political vigilante
and stuff said Morano the miserable
liberal hey how you doing I'm miserable
I'm a political vigilante so there's bad
news for the Democrats and so after they
lost a trump after they lost the Trump
they were asked wow this is a pretty big
failure you guys are wiped out at the
state level you lost a thousand seats
under her leadership they're wiped out
they lost the Congress they lost the
Senate and they just lost a Donald Trump
so you think well but a lot of big
changes you know where do we realize
we're doing something wrong obviously we
lost a trump and so we're gonna we got a
lot of big plans well this is what this
is what the Democratic Party is in a
moment of questioning about its identity
you were reelected to lead the Democrats
in the house what do you tell Democrats
who want a new direction and and then go
to you what are you going to do
differently well I don't think that
people want to do direction our values
unify us in Arva so people don't want a
new direction that's that so that's
their plan and guess what
more of the same guess what so you give
keep giving people more you that's
what she's saying to you is you no
we're not changing I'm I I'm worth a
hundred million dollars we're not
changing well guess what exclusive this
is a Reuters poll exclusive Democrats
lose ground with Millennials this is a
reuters/ipsos poll the online survey of
more than 16 16 thousand registered
voters ages 18 to 34 shows their support
for Democrats over Republicans for
Congress slipped by 9 percentage points
over the last two years so since Trump
has been elected the Democrats have
slipped
nine percentage points to a 46% overall
and they and they increasingly say
meaning Millennials increasingly say the
Republican Party is a better steward of
the economy because the Democrats aren't
offering them anything at least at least
the Republicans passed a tax cut which
they couldn't they fooled some people
was good for them at least they did
something the Democrats have nothing the
Democrats are doing nothing well I I
literally just watched Joe Madden a head
coach of the Chicago Cubs Cubs lost 11
to two last night regular-season game
you know what he said in the press
conference we played bad baseball it's
not good we got to change things it
would be as though they lost the they
got they lost 11 to 2 anyone I thought
was a great game I thought we're doing
great and I'm glad I'm glad the bullpen
blew it yeah we're gonna run the same
people tomorrow yeah play the same
people my my pitcher's arm is really
tired I'm putting him back in there and
I don't think anything needs to change
oh I think the lineup is part we got we
got the weakest hitter heat and cleanup
why not this is our theory we got guys
playing bad defense blowing plays I want
him to keep doing that you know what I
do want to add I'm just curious
I was wondering if this 18 and 34 year
old group of Millennials that they
interviewed did they understand what
steward of the economy meant because
seriously how could you ever arrive at
the conclusion that Republicans are a
better steward of the economy aren't we
in a war oh I'll tell how many wars are
we in that the Republicans led us in -
go ahead Jimmy okay
well because the Democrats support all
those wars the Democrats just voted to
give 200 a billion dollar extra an hour
or 80 billion dollars extra a year to
the military because the Democrats are
complicit Hillary Clinton voted for the
Iraq Wars yes Hillary Clinton and Barack
Obama did Libya Hillary Clinton and
Barack Obama did Syria that's why
Democrats are a shitty steward of the
economy Barack Obama was there for eight
years people's lives got worse
that's why stuff that's why are you
attending that the Democrats are good
with the economy no I'm not I would I'm
saying I don't know what I'm saying is
well I don't see that the Republicans
are better stewards and it makes me
wonder why then they wouldn't say that
we need both of them are bad I don't
think either what Kazakh Bama was just
in power for eight years
got it this is my question for this I
question this poll because I've heard a
lot of other polls where Millennials are
all going socialist and I think this is
the capitalist machine going just keep
playing this goddamn a ping
pong between these two parties when the
reality is is Millennials are saying
we're socialists there's millennial
there's candidates running at socialist
socialist and I'm not hiding it they're
not real I'm a little they don't know no
no I'm a socialist I'm with the DSA and
and I think that's what I questioned in
Virginia so outright socialist one
mm-hmm out in a red state beat the
numbers I think in a number three
Republican in the state Republicans are
losing to socialists yes reporting in
red districts and they're losing a
socialist the biggest expansion of
socialist organizations is in the state
of Texas yes the reddest state out there
so to me I question Reuters saying oh
they're all gray Mena the framing of it
and how they felt like there they didn't
put socialism on this thing as a choice
they said well if you're done with the
Democrats you're gonna go the other part
you know to mean like that and now they
but what also stuff is to answer your
other question about why people would
pick them because I don't know if you
see the Democrats have been hand in hand
with George Bush's White House ever
since before Donald Trump got elected
they're in bed with people like David
Frum David Frum he can't ski they can't
keep him off MSNBC he's on almost every
time I turn it on there's David Fromm
David Fromm who led us into the Iraq war
now they bring him on because he makes
fun of Trump let me tell you something
David Fromm is a cancer around humanity
and he is a moral superior of no one no
one including Trump David from da and
George Bush are the moral superior of no
one
so that's probably another reason
because they see these Republicans and
cozying up with the corporate Democrats
so here's another thing although nearly
two of three young voters polled said
they do not like Republican President
Donald Trump their distaste for him does
not necessarily extend to all
Republicans and you know why because the
Democrats are saying that the regular
Republicans are okay it's just Donald
Trump especially bad we like oh they
want to impeach him and get my pens does
the Democrats have said I don't know if
you remember we reported this that in
the election last year the down ballot
Democrats implored Hillary Clinton to
please stick donald trump to the rest of
the republicans and she did the exact
opposite she said he's a special case I
look I'm friends with Henry Kissinger
and George Bush and Nancy Pelosi is
saying all we long for the days of
George Bush that's their so they're
saying that so they're letting the
Republicans off the hook the Democrats
are and that's why this happens that's
why they don't they don't think that
Trump is a Republican they don't make
that connection because the Democrats in
their idiocy and stupidity have let the
Republicans off the hook I said before
the election if this happens they have
to stick the Republicans to trump like
glue and they did they've been doing the
exact opposite pretending like it's just
Trump as our problem it's just Trump and
Russia and if we can get rid of them if
we could just get back to the days of
George Bush baby
that's what the Democrats are doing and
that's why that that's why that it's
nobody else's fault but the Democrats I
agree a hundred percent you are a
hundred percent right that they did not
stick Donald Trump to the Republican
Party it's like he is the Republican
nominee who's now our president
everybody that's right he's a Republican
he's a Republican and they were like no
they're in bed with max boots but
Hillary Clinton's campaign remember all
the neocon she had yeah you do and we've
talked about this Jimmy that Trump puts
the ugly
face on the Republican Party that they
wanted like yes and the horrible stuff
that our country's been doing well
here's a little bit more to this article
from Reuters
Terry hood who's 34 and an
african-american who works at Dollar
General Store in Baton Rouge Louisiana
and took this year's poll said he voted
for Democrat Hillary Clinton in 2016
presidential election but he will
consider a Republican for Congress
because he believes the party is making
it easier to find jobs and he applauds
the recent Republican led tax cut
because the Democrats have no plan for
him the Democrats have no jobs plan they
have no pre call they have no health
care play have nothing to offer
nothing except more of the same and more
war more war it sounds strange to me to
say this about the Republicans but
they're helping with even the small
things Hood said on a phone interview
they're taking less taxes out of my
paycheck I noticed that so the trick
that they're playing who's working and
the Democrats don't have a message only
28% of those polled expressed overt
support for Republicans in the 2018 poll
about the same percentages two years
earlier but that does not mean the rest
will turn out to back Democrats the
survey showed a growing share of voters
between ages 18 and 34 said they were
undecided would support a third party
candidate or not vote at all so what the
Democrats are still doing and Hillary
voters are still doing is trying to
shame you to vote for Democrats
Bill Maher is trying to shame you like
it's your responsibility to vote for a
corporatist warmonger not that
corporatist warmongers responsibility to
come get your vote they have it exactly
backwards which is why we got Trump no
it's up to the Democratic Party it's up
to the candidate to campaign for votes
if you don't have enough you're not owed
anyone's vote
people can vote their conscience and are
going to so now what's your plan your
plan is to let it happen again lose to
Donald Trump again lose to the
Republicans again and then we're gonna
voter shame which is the most disgusting
tactic ever by by the way it's a losing
tactic
you can't voter shame into somebody to
cut off their ass and go vote people
just don't show up to vote you know half
the country doesn't vote yeah you're
still wagging your finger at people who
voted for Jill Stein or nobody likes her
finger at somebody who voted for Gary
Johnson nope even though he took away
more votes from Trump than Jill Stein
took from Hillary Clinton the shift away
from Democrats was more pronounced among
white Millennials who accounted for
two-thirds of all votes cast in that age
group in 2016 2 years ago young white
people favored Democrats over
Republicans for Congress by a margin of
47 to 33 that gap vanished this year
with 39% supporting each party and what
it what it Nancy Pelosi say I don't
think people want to change people don't
want to change one more the shift was
especially dramatic among young white
men who two years ago favored Democrats
but now say they'd be favor of
Republicans over Democrats by a margin
of 46 to 37 percent way to go Democrats
you lost a trump and you still are
losing ground that's how bad the
Democrats are I'm not making this up so
again I don't know what Bernie thinks
he's doing but he should be starting a
third party right now him Tulsi Gabbard
Nina Turner I would wish they would
start a third party right now it would
emit instantly become the most popular
party in the country there would be a
groundswell it would be one of the most
dramatic political shifts in this
country in the last hundred years and
the Democrats would go the way of the
Whig say yes they would they'd be gone
it would be like when the new
little Republican Party started after
around the Civil War times it would be
like that with this guy this upstart Abe
Lincoln it would be like that even the
Republicans Graham know that they need
to move left there's a guy Richard
painter that guy who talks like this
pushes a cat bushes ethics lawyer rock
that guy we've made fun of a million
times he's now running as a Democrat in
Minnesota for Al Franken's old seat and
you know what he says he's not taking
corporate money he favors public
financing of Elections he wants everyone
to have health care yeah he's to the
left of the Democratic Party a bush
White House lawyer is now left of the
Democrats that's how bad the Democrats
are that's how bad they are I'm not
making this up
well how many people that we know that
are running for office would prefer not
to be running Democrat right they want
to be they want to run in a third party
but because the system is so is so
strict rigged you only get two choices
either you're gonna run as a Democrat or
a Republican right and I really hope all
these faux Democrats get the out of
our party no I I just I don't I hope
that the Idaho I wish that Bernie
Sanders would start a third party with
Tulsi Gabbard and Nina Turner and
whoever else and just get rid of the
Democrats do you know how many down
ballot people in this midterm year would
then make that jump right this is the
time to do it aside time to do it they
would go you know what I'm out I'm not I
don't know I don't need this dirty D
hanging over my head there'd be
publicans that would make the jump to
who'd go you know what the Rand Paul
types who are like yeah yeah I'm done
with this cry about Richard painter
who's now a Democrat he would probably
crazy yep I'm telling you it's a it's a
big big missed opportunity to start a
third party and when she says more of
the same it's because of her donors yes
it is that's what they want we're gonna
do I'm doing that the next story I do
will be about why why people didn't vote
for Hillary Clinton in Wisconsin and the
answer just may surprise you our next
live Jimmy Dore show is July 1st in
Portland Oregon
and there's a link for tickets for all
of our live shows right there and if you
can remember please take a moment to
make sure you're subscribed to the show
it only takes a second you probably
think you're subscribed but you probably
aren't just make sure you subscribe
click that bell so they send you a
notice when we drop a video otherwise
they won't tell you and if you become a
Premium Member or a patreon we give you
hours of bonus material every week and
we do a live chat every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time where you can ask us
questions and we'll answer them plus her
on steam it we're steaming it right now
[Music]
