everybody welcome to the GB door show
I'm here with Rob Lakota at Steph said
Morano the miserable liberal get those
mugs down there for Christmas hey Al
Franken
apologized Al Franken apologized and it
looks like he's out here's what he said
today in the Senate you ready here's
what he said serving in the United
States Senate has been the great honor
of my life I know in my heart that
nothing I have done as a senator nothing
has brought this honor on on this
institution and I am confident that he
means dishonor so he's saying nothing
that he has done as a senator has
brought dishonor on to this
mmm-hm body so that's what he's saying
yes he looks like he's about to cry the
ethics committee would agree
nevertheless today I am announcing that
in the coming weeks I will be resigning
as a member of the United States Senate
I of all people and aware that there is
some irony in the fact that I am leaving
while a man who has bragged on tape
about his history of sexual assault sits
in the Oval Office and a man who has
repeatedly preyed on young girls
campaigns for the Senate with a with the
full support of his party but this
decision is not about me it's about the
people of Minnesota Wow
I wish I could hear the rest of that was
there more to that that was it yeah that
was the only clue that's the clip that
that's the clean politics okay Wow
it sounds like he doesn't want to resign
I mean like it sounds like he wants to
fight it he's even saying the ethics
committee wouldn't give me a failing
grade so
why are you doing it then I know he's
lost the support of the other Democrats
who gives a
this'll all blow over in six months when
we go to war with North Korea I think
this was a you know and this is not you
know any moral judgment but just
strictly from a political judgment I I
think this was a football on the part of
the Democrats to try to get Roy Moore to
step down it's a big publican oh it was
a huge mistake because it's not gonna
happen Republicans they don't they don't
care they don't care I mean so many of
the Democrats and I think a lot of
holiday entertainment e5 or 1980 even
like pre Reagan what and where there's
this sort of civility between the
parties and we respect our we respect
our competition we respect our ally and
those days are just long gone you know
like those days are gone so this was
just a political football in their part
yes and I think like it seemed like the
Democrats were are forcing him to do
this right now
and I'm not sure what they hope to gain
from this loss of position yeah yeah but
they wanted that I think it's Roy Moore
I think it's they want the Republicans
to do something regarding Roy Moore and
and it's just not gonna happen this is
another you know example of the
Democrats being being Charlie Brown with
the football and it's just I mean
they're just that strategically
tone-deaf and what are the facts exact
exactly against Al Franken right now do
they have any accusations other than
I'll send the initial story right the
photo I'm not oh you're with the other
ones I know allegedly there were more
women I'm not familiar with those
stories personally like I haven't looked
into those but I know there was the
incident with the photo and then you
know the whole thing with the with did
perform performing for the troops right
and I'm forgetting the name of the and
nothing about those accusations or those
circumstances has really resonated with
me as far as being a crisis like I feel
like I haven't been able to access
enough information and it's sort of like
I guess what
I'm saying is how about a thorough
investigation you know like people so
I'll say I'll say this about that as
progressives were not supposed to jump
to conclusions without due process I
mean we can jump to conclusions I guess
but we're not supposed to do anything
about them until there's due process no
matter who it is that's why as
progressives so I mean he could stay I
mean I don't know understand why he
doesn't let the ethics committee
investigate him why he's leaving I know
that well here's why I think because
okay Tom Perez the leader of the DNC
says he should leave Senate relic which
he should step down everyone wants to
and I love Mike this guy over here I
follow he says no he yet he should and
if politics were about building a
culture of trust and respect for voters
you would be kicked out of the party
together with Franken yeah I like that
cuz because in his thing he says we must
share the responsibility of building a
culture of trust and respect for women
and he says if you were there about
building a trust and respect for voters
you'd be out of the party - okay but
here's it here it is here's Bruce
Bartlett now Bruce Bartlett is the next
Bush administration guy but I like Bruce
Bartlett cuz he's a straight shooter
where he he doesn't present an idea
disingenuously if he produced if he
pushed trickle-down economics it's cuz
he believed in it and now by the way he
doesn't he said that might have been
right for the time in the 80s it's not
right for now you have to have different
economy economic policies with different
times so he says I think he's an honest
actor right so I don't mind a guy who's
drunk who disagrees with me politically
if he's an honest actor and I think
Bruce Bartlett is so he says this he
says the Democrats could be talking
about all the giveaways yes piece of oh
my god tax bill or all the ways
Republicans will screw the poor and
middle class to pay for it but no yes
they are too busy eating their young
wallowing and self-righteousness and
deluding themselves that voters give a
yep a useless political football and
again I mean I I think wow I think what
l Franken did was wrong you know what is
it not well I mean I think it's
basically he he tricked somebody into
shoving his tongue down her throat so
yeah I mean I
it was wrong and and and but he has
apologized that apology has been
accepted so I think this is just a
political football that the Democrats
are throwing well others there's other I
guess seven other women have accused him
of groping so I'm not familiar with that
so I read another article today about it
some again I think there should be an
investigation and then we should have to
talk about because right now we're just
talking about like you said I didn't
hear it well I heard this I heard that
Willington there should be an
investigation and I'm not saying I'm
saying for everyone
there wasn't there should be an
investigation of Roy Moore there should
be an investigation of whoever does
something and that I think that's the
least you can do is so now no one's
running around worrying that I'm gonna
because you can falsely accuse people
and we know that even the people who the
most they admit that it's 3 percent of I
don't know how they get that number but
3 percent of accusations are false but
everyone's entitled to a fair process
but everyone's entitled to so if someone
a key has an accusation
you don't ridicule them you don't demean
them you don't you say we take your
accusation seriously and we're gonna do
an investigation I think that's the best
thing you can do is it progressive am I
wrong about that you know what Jimmy I
think you're right about that and when I
look at Bruce Bartlett stweet and it's
so evident it's so misguided that we're
focusing on all of them you know take a
seat everybody have them take a leave of
absence have you do the investigation
but in the meantime why don't you fight
for a better tax but it's not gonna
screw so many Americans you know what
it's gonna create more suffering than
all of these predators in Congress have
created it's just awful like I really
I'm I'm struck by the awfulness of this
because they're escalating all of this
uh you know behavior when really the
real problem is our taxes I guess the
real issue right now and wars again look
exactly what Alfred I thought it was
weird that L Franken brought that up in
his beat like if you're gonna resign and
stuff you should do it like without
doing that without saying what pointing
your finger at someone else and then
you shouldn't do that right that was I
mean I get why he's saying that right
but you say that at another time maybe
you had at when you're interviewed by
Bob Costas or something you know that's
it's not like he's not gonna have access
right interviews regarding so that's
what did you say that but when you're
when you're trying to do that and bring
honor to an institution by pointing the
finger at other people during that that
kind of deludes your pot whatever you
why are you resigning then do you know
what I mean if you didn't do anything
that brought dishonor to the institution
as a senator why are you resigning so
and I'm not saying he didn't do
something that brought dishonor I'm
saying he must have but again this is
all weird if you don't agree with this
you're a powerful powerful person they
can't kick you out of the Senate unless
they have an ethics investigation why
don't you let that happen so again this
is all okay but what let me just say
this what Bruce Bartlett is saying is
that look at the Republican Party they
don't give a there's a literal
pedophile that they are behind a hundred
percent from the top of the party the
President of the United States behind a
pedophile who's gonna be in Senate and
then what and then we got rid of so and
the president and then and then but and
then a cake and of course now this is
what the Democrats are talking about to
talk about Al Franken the problem is the
stuff that they should be talking about
they're on board with look what's
happening in Israel right now moving as
usual to embassy to Jerusalem look
what's happening right now you know
who's on board with that the Democrats
the rest of the world is against it
every commentator on TV says it's
horrible you know who supports it Chuck
Schumer any encouragement any in here is
that yeah I mean he was telling Donald
Trump he was wagging his finger at Trump
don't drag your feet on doing this
that's how bad it is so that's so this
is what he's talking about there are
real things that the Democrats could be
doing right now to move this country
forward but they're stuck doing this
 because they're still playing that
stupid identity politics game or
whatever it is because they don't want
to and talk about real policies
because they don't want to talk about
their medicare-for-all bill they don't
want to talk about their $15 minimum
wage they don't want to talk about card
check and strengthening unions and
ending the war
and getting rid of these pipelines
underneath our earth because why kill we
can export fossil fuel that's why
there's pipelines underneath the country
right now to export fossil fuel and you
know I just want to say that when Al
Franken says in his statement that he
never did anything in his position in
Congress to dishonor that position
I actually challenge that and I would
challenge it because he's been wrong on
so many issues he's voted for that
defense budget that had a gun budget he
was honoring the people that elected him
you tell you exactly right that's this
honorable money won against the voters
in his state he went against the voters
that's right yes he did he went when you
do when you're talking about they're in
the primary the voters in his in his
state wanted Bernie he was a super
delegate he voted for Hillary right
let's make sure that everybody knows
that that is dishonouring his position
is that he was elected to take it is
they would say it is it they would say
it isn't but I would say it is I would
say when you go really you you're you're
participating in a democratic Democratic
Party the party of your choice has a
system that's inherently unfair and then
you go right along with it and and stick
the dagger and further because you're
the tool that delivers the unfairness
you take your vote which is worth way
more than anybody else's vote and you
vote against your own constituency that
to me that's effed up so so do you think
ultimately the reason that Al Franken
came out with this statement it's a sad
statement that he just doesn't want he
knows that the future allegations that
will come out will be more compromising
I don't know I don't know why he doesn't
even I don't know I don't know I don't
know the same thing with Garrison
Keillor we did a video about that he
talked about what's happening to Al
Franken is absurd that's what he said
and then he said that and then he
resigned and he said there's a mania
happening I'm like well if there's him
and he he was begging for people to
stand up I wish someone would stand up
Garrison Keillor said well why don't you
stand up Garrison Keillor call a press
conference with your buddy Al Franken
and say this is where it ends and I'm
not resigning how about that but they're
not so it makes me think so I don't
understand it what am I saying I'm not
on anybody's side here I'm saying why
can't we act so right now we're left to
comment
al franken's not telling me what he did
or why he's resigning he's not saying
what it was specifically no one knows
specifically I wish we could have an
investigation so then we can all speak
on it with intelligence instead of
nothing but speculation oh yeah oh I
don't even know I don't maybe Al Gore Al
what you call what rankin Al Franken
should I don't know maybe he should but
we don't know and it's really weird that
the Democrats jumped to that like the
resignation conclusion before an
investigation was completed when there
were unfounded allegations out there
that are like totally just up in the air
after sticking by Bill Clinton okay hold
on about a month ago you did a story
that listed how much money was paid out
right right look at all let me see all
those names
we're on let me see all those names of
all those people that were in Congress
yes who got who had sexual harassment
it's cases brought against them and then
that they have a fund in Congress to pay
those people out and keep their name
secret yeah I was gonna say there's
those people those are the people
they're trying to protect so now because
of what's happened so again those names
released they are too busy eating their
young wallowing in self righteousness
and deluding themselves that voters give
a voters don't give a I don't
I don't I don't I don't know anyway so
when I read you know when we talked
about the tax bill and you said the
teachers will no longer be able to
deduct what they pay in their classroom
right what they're telling you is we
wanted to fund the classes even more and
people pay out of their pockets all the
time a lot of money so their students
are learning and and you know being able
to compete in this century and so
they're gonna screw teachers and they're
screwing your kids too but we should
worry about all of this it's depressing
it is it's depressing Bruce Bartlett
just letting you know that the Democrats
are getting their political clock
cleaned again yeah well actually saying
and it was such a dumb I mean that's why
like this is just a play cuz we're like
oh well now the Republicans will do
something no they're not they're not
gonna do anything about ROI mom no
they're not gonna disses themselves I
mean every time I wait
yup and I think how politically
tone-deaf can the Democrats get the DNC
knocks on my door and says hold my beer
yep and they never cease to amaze me
they never state there's no amount of
spinelessness that they won't go to
because again you have to remember the
Democrats are chosen to be weak they
don't pick strong leaders with a
backbone when I say they I mean the
donors the donors don'ts pick pick
strong leaders who are gonna stand up to
their corporate overlords oh they pick
weak willed spineless people who roll
over that's why the Democrats are sweet
cold spineless and they roll over cuz
they're chosen that way they're paid to
do that and we're actually calling them
donor owners now yes don't the owners of
the Democrats so now here's Bruce
Bartlett just saying again you're you're
being you're being politically out and
outmatched and you're they're making
huge mistakes okay Al Franken I you know
I wish you would have been a little if
you I wish you would have been a that
you wouldn't have punched left like you
did at the convention right remember
when he said instead of sitting up there
at the convention and then I I wish you
wouldn't have voted for that Pentagon
budget I really wish it would have been
a lot easier to to say something but now
maybe so now that what happens is the
governor of Minnesota gets to have a
point if he resigns they brief they
appoint a new senator so everybody's
saying maybe it's keith Ellison maybe
this will be a good thing so we'll see
we'll see what happens but Bruce
Bartlett words words of wisdom
[Music]
