hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show
I'm here with step zamorano with Rob
flick oh hi Jimmy hey Jimmy hey our next
live Jimmy Dore show is October 12th
that's at Burbank California a Friday
night go to jimmy dore comedy calm for a
link for tickets so and please become a
patron of the show if you like the show
we give you hours of bonus material
every every week so a plus we're gonna
be adding more extra special things for
the people who support this show because
it's more important now than ever
because there d monetizing our videos
okay so let's get down to the you know
one of the things that I hate about the
media or that drives me the most nuts is
when they pretend to not know things
right well like for instance Jake Tapper
when he pretended to not know that
medicare-for-all is less expensive than
the system we currently have everyone in
the world knows that except Jake Tapper
and the people at factcheck.org so there
was what was the what was the most
recent one oh and then CNN anyway here's
one of the things that I just saw Wall
Street Journal tweeted this out it's an
article and it says our middle-class
taxpayers subsidizing the payrolls of
large profitable companies like Amazon
Bernie Sanders says yes and he's moved
to stop it
and so what I said I retweeted it and
said Wow Wall Street Journal still not
sure if Amazon and Walmart workers are
on government assistance maybe they know
a reporter or somebody who can look into
that and verify it for them or something
[Laughter]
is there something totally measurable
happening what Bernie Sanders says so so
it's it's a fact that Amazon employees
and Walmart employees are on government
assistance that's not some concise not
some crazy rumor on the internet that's
a fact
and so it's just weird that they like
and then I read the whole article I went
and I got the article and so I loved it
where I love what this guy says this guy
says do Amazon employees qualify for and
receive taxpayer-funded benefits there's
a 5 while the CEO generates more than a
median yearly wage of one of his
employees in 10 seconds where do all the
daylight savings hours go these are
equally puzzling questions so they're
acting like something that is very
knowable is just up for debate again
it's like the climate change right it's
like when Brian Williams brings on a
climate scientist and a senator from
Tennessee to debate climate change it's
not a debate in science it's only a
debate on Brian Wilson what's his name
yes
Brian Williams horrible TV news show
because he's funded by fossil fuel
companies so it's the same thing with
you Wall Street Journal they they're not
I don't know they don't know I don't
know Arthur are there people on
government relief who work for the
richest guy in the history of the world
maybe I don't know we make it ah if
there was only a way so I went and I
read the whole article they don't ever
say whether it's true or not I read the
whole article at no point do they say by
the way there are workers at Amazon that
are on government assistance or food
stamps or whatever they never say never
tell you definitively they just go
Bernie Sanders makes this accusation and
Amazon responded strongly I like that's
the kind of that's the whole thing well
that's good in fairness to them this is
the Wall Street Journal and if ever
there was an outlet that maybe clueless
about the existence of poor people it
would be the wall street it would be the
wall street journal' like are they a
thing I don't know this treaty reminded
me of when Bill O'Reilly tried to do the
same thing with the tides remember that
when Bill O'Reilly said this I'm the
tide goes in tide goes out never
miscommunication
you can't explain that you can explain
why the tide goes in and it goes out mr.
Silverman
may be always come
Mount Olympus who's making the tides go
in a no-no but you can't explain you
can't explain it so it's God you know
when you do the laundry and you lose
that one sock in the dryer where to go
God took it you know you know some of
these arguments that I continued to read
are often that if these people don't
want to be poorly paid go look for
another job
right what jobs right are there jobs out
there so again that's that that's them
pretending that there isn't a rigged
economy right now there is Jeff Bezos
and Amazon can hire people at slave
wages because there is government
assistance to help those people a B he
can hire them because politicians have
worked to wreck unions in the United
States so now one of the things that
workers could do to ensure that they get
to share in the profits have now been
effectively taken out from underneath
them they pulled the Union rug out for
Barack Obama never tried to so again
these are all choices made by
politicians it's a choice made to have
to not have a livable wage as your
minimum wage that's a choice it's a
choice made not to have single-payer so
these people are broken and sick it's a
choice not to have card check which
makes it much easier to form a union
that's a political choice and they're
not their choices made by politicians
taking money from corporations so of
course the decision is always in favor
of the corporation and against the
worker which is why there are no good
jobs anymore in America so when people
go if you don't like it go get another
job
no how about I like it and I need to
change the rules of how we run our
economy so that everybody can have a
living wage in the richest country the
face of the earth has ever seen while
working for the richest guy the face of
the earth has ever seen so that's that's
ahead it's just it's always astounding
to me those are just bootlickers those
are people who don't understand why if
you don't like it go get another job no
we shouldn't live in a world where 50
of all online purchases go through one
company and then that one company then
screws over their workers we shouldn't
live that shouldn't be how it works so
we can we can change that we should
break up that company we have antitrust
laws so yeah all that that's just people
who don't understand how economies work
and they don't understand how markets
work guys there's no such thing as a
free market even though people use that
term all the time markets are all
regulated and rigged okay just so you
know that you know the whole idea of
once upon a time people love to talk
about a trickle-down economics yeah well
that's that whole idea of trickle-down
when do you think you're gonna end up
with anything good day so why don't you
just call it piss piss on you tinkle on
you we're gonna take it the rich people
will piss over the sides of their yacht
and then said you get a cup and then
you'll get there's gold shavings in some
of that pee you go sift it out and then
you go and then you're rich it's like
the old days when people used to have to
throw their waste out the window like
the rich people would do that like
trickle time yeah yeah sir may I have a
trickle sir sir please just a trickle of
your wealth just a scrap from your bug
from your bouquet trick oh and to think
that somebody who works in a warehouse
doesn't deserve a livable wage working
that hard you know like I've worked it
I've worked as a you know waiting on
tables and people that wait on tables
you know a lot of people were like oh
you know what do you do and all you're
doing is just waiting on tables you know
what you make it up by your tips this
idea that we are constantly vilifying
just the everyday worker shows you how
much people have been fully
indoctrinated to worry about
corporations yes well it's it's a it's a
mind well because our whole culture is
run by corporations corporations hire
the people who write the news stories
they hire the people who make the TV
shows they hire the people who make the
cartoons and the radio the it's all
corporations and that's you know you're
in charge Chomsky told us you know it's
the establishment and what are they
gonna do they're going to reflect the
establishments
priorities that's how media works and
that's how our culture works so our
culture is now made up by corporations
not individual companies or people but
huge large corporations and we worship
it because in America we worship anybody
who makes a lot of money doesn't matter
how you make it doesn't matter if you're
like Jeff Bezos and you unfairly get a
tax system rigged and you run a monopoly
and you drive out your competition
because you can you can operate at a
loss when other companies can't operate
at a loss
that's how Jeff Bezos makes his money
because Amazon was able to to operate at
a loss for decades how can you compete
with a company that can operate at a
loss in perpetuity you can't compete
with that so that's the world we're
living in and yes so people think like
oh they again we just anybody who's got
money oh people people idolize Donald
Trump he's got a lot of money as a
billionaire he's got a lot of money well
he didn't pay his workers whether they
I'll cares you know he always uses
bankruptcy to screw over the people who
gave him money yeah who cares well you
know or how about Tony Soprano he's got
yeah you know he makes his money killing
people and selling drugs yeah so what
he's rich John Gotti look over I mean
this is how this is I know Tony
Soprano's is a character not a real
person man and he had a soft spot for
animals you know I just don't understand
why all these corporations don't want
Medicare for all understand that is a
thing Steph that is a weird thing
because it would be better for the
corporation because then it would take
the headache but oh I I don't know stuff
I know that the pharmaceutical and the
health insurance industries are very
powerful I think that maybe corporations
like the you know that's the one way
they can keep their workers in line by
the way so people can't go on strike
people can go to a day of protest
because they've gotta lose their job to
lose their health care right so I think
it I think maybe I don't know I'm not
the head of a fortune 500 company but I
know at Amazon I don't know why they
don't do it but there's
got to be a reason no I think that's
part of it I don't think that's unfair
to go there I I think that you know cuz
if we had Medicare for all it would be
easier for people to stand up to their
bosses yes it would be yeah yeah and
then you could go anywhere else you want
and you could do maybe you could even
afford to quit your job for a little
while because you don't have to worry
about all that yeah I mean that's that
the health care is is a way to
manipulate their work control press
exploits yeah I think that has to be it
because I don't understand why all the
like department stores all those
companies wouldn't say look yes Medicare
for all I'm tired of paying this well
look at well not only depart but but
look at people who have to compete
globally like General Motors and Ford
why would they want to have that burden
of providing health care for their
workers when the people their
competitors and in Germany don't and in
Japan don't Canada a they don't isn't
that weird but well here they fake have
that burden so you would think if he
played people like GM and Ford and big
corporations we're screaming about this
that it would change but they're not so
that's so again we can only speculate as
to why and why is that it could help
they can control their workers and I
constantly have conservatives tell me
that progressives just want to give
these handouts they just want to give
these I'm like in the meantime know
we're doing we're giving a corporation
that's exactly what we're doing you know
a country supposed to take care of its
people we're supposed to set up a
society where you take care of people
like you if they want a job you provide
a job you want a job you want to go work
and contribute to our economy here's a
job there's a living wage and if you're
willing to work 40 hours a week you'll
have you can have a house and a life
that seems that that used to be the
bargain in America if you're willing to
work full-time you get to live like a
normal life that's all that's all out
the window right now
so yes again they don't understand they
think that like somehow capitalism was
invented by Jesus and you know his loves
money and markets just grow naturally
out of the ground they don't
capitalism is one form of an economy
invented by men and then the markets
they rigged whoever if you have stuff to
sell you rigged a market you create a
market and you create the rules to favor
who you so the people with the most
money create the rules of the market and
that's okay so there you go
but then Jesus said pull thyself up by
thy bootstrap right you know how Trump
you know his dad just gave him a couple
million dollars loan it wasn't a lot of
money
I had a $60,000 IndieGoGo to help start
this business that's what I and we had
to raise it ourselves
Brian didn't get from my dad so and I
thought and that was a lot of money for
us to really help start this company I
can't imagine if my dad just gave him
and that was like 40 years ago so now it
would be like giving him ten million
dollars like here's ten million like
okay I think I got here our dough go get
some cameras I also think people forget
that corporations didn't build the
highways corporations didn't build the
electric grid corporations did not build
any of the infrastructure that surrounds
the corporations that's right that's
right and the corporation's didn't build
the military that protects this country
that allows them to have so yeah that's
right so the people you know it used to
be to to those who are given much much
as much is required I think that's the
thing it's something I'm no I'm
butchering it but it's something like
that okay and it's a whole idea if you
don't tax a guy's first house as much as
you tax a guy's third house so do you
understand how that works to progressive
income tax do you understand that you
don't tax a guy's first meal you tax a
guy's dessert right you don't you get
what I'm saying why can't Jeff Bezos
just pay for taxes for everybody in
America call it a day why he ain't
earned it Steph he earned it
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
