have everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
show I'm here with Rob black owned hey
Jimmy
so uh people are noticing this here's a
story this is a fantastic story I saw
the story last week forgot about it and
then some other people saw it and
started tweeting about it so then it
reminded me hey I wanted to do a thing
about this I forget about most of the
stories I want to do I will literally
send stories to Ron he'll write jokes on
and then I'll forget that did you know I
would I would swear at me if I did that
to me
I appreciate the practice okay yeah so
this here so in West Virginia a woman
went to give her testimony in fact it
was Lisa Lucas traveled a hundred miles
from her home in Cairo West Virginia to
the state capital in Charleston on
Friday to testify against an oil and gas
industry sponsored bill HB 4268 and what
would that bill do and would allow
fracking companies and/or fossil fuel
companies to drill on minority middle
mineral owners land without their
consent what yes this is this is called
an oligarchy where you don't have any
rights and if there's money to be made
by up by drilling on your property then
go pound sand too bad go try to buy a
politician yourself right so she drove
their hundred miles and she wanted to
speak out against this bill HB 4268 and
what she wanted to do is highlight that
the people who are in favor of doing
this
meaning legislating against their own
constituents which is what's going on
every day in the United States because
we have a broken system again people
want you to think about Trump 24/7 and
forget that our system is broken
here's a video representation of how
broken our system is she tries to start
telling them about all the people who
are voting on this and how they're
corrupted and how much money they took
from these companies and let's watch
what happens going to be paid by the
industry and people who are going to be
voting on this bill are also often
paid by the industry for example and I
have to keep it short simply because the
public only gets a minute 45 while
lobbyists can throw a gala at the
Marriott with whiskey and wine and talk
for hours to the delegates so to keep it
short that's a good point
so when yeah the public is only allowed
to speak for what did she say 90 seconds
but their lobbyists the people who want
to influence legislation in favor of
corporations that against the will of
the people they get to buy them $15,000
plate dinners and then drink all night
at the Marriott just like she said they
hang out all night and talking buddy and
give each other money and hand jobs and
and she's gonna now she's gonna call
them out individually he's Charlotte
Lane about ten thousand dollars from gas
and oil interest including a EP Marathon
first Energy Dominion eqt and I could go
on next let's talk about John's shot
from Mercer first energy two thousand
dollars Appalachian Power two thousand
dollars Steptoe and Johnson that's a gas
and oil law firm two thousand dollars
console energy one thousand eqt one
thousand and I could go on so here she
is calling out the people to their face
and that and the corruption that they're
engaged in and so what do you think
corrupt people do when confronted
publicly with their corruption well
here's what they do now let's talk about
Jason Hershberger miss Lucas we asked no
personal comments be made if you still
comment is a personal comment and I'm
gonna call you out of order if you're
talking about individuals on the
committee you can't talk about the
corruption on the committee when it when
the people are corrupt on the committee
because that's some kind of break in
decorum over their own
constituents at the behest of
corporations who bribe them that's fine
but you can't mention it don't bring it
up and so now what dummy's doing here is
creating a bigger problem isn't he
because nobody would
heard about this except for
decided to try to shut her up instead of
corrupt mr. bought whoever this guy is
who's this guy do you know whose tell
who's shutting her up do you know what
that guy we don't know but he's shutting
her up and boy it's blowing up in their
face isn't it now everybody gets to hear
who's bought on that isn't it funny
there was nobody gonna hear this now
everyone's hearing it so if you would
just address the bill if not you know I
asked you to please step down
$3,500 about 40% cut and she's not
stopping
she's like no this is my time and I'm
gonna expose these people for the
criminals that they are and now they
send some fat guy over to man handler
this is really happening
this is really happening in public look
at him and they move the microwave
cutting it off wasn't enough they have
to like move it away too
[Music]
the next speaker would be Julie Archer
and Julie Archer is not gonna do a
goddamn thing about that she's not gonna
mention it she's not gonna bring it up
she's not gonna wag her finger at the
people who just shut up a
constituent for exposing corruption
Julie archers ignores it all and just
starts talking about whatever it is she
wanted to talk about so this isn't
against her but we've been nice if she'd
have said something anyway that's just
like well I'm not a Jew so I'll let them
take the Jews I'm not I'm not a unionist
so I'll let them take two and now Julie
archers gonna just go start speaking now
and didn't say a word about it I
don't know who's Julie Archer is I don't
know but that was that's that's what's
supposed to happen there then the next
person goes up and goes you just kicked
her out for exposing your corruption is
that what's happening right now that's
what I would do why weren't there other
people in the room right again stuff too
well because we're lemmings in this
country now Ron we're all
lemmings that's why you all have to pay
attention to Authority and shut up that
she's a she's a fairy duster she doesn't
know how things work fracking companies
get to frack on your on your land shut
up mm-hmm so there you go that's what
happened and that is and if you want to
know where that is again that is in West
Virginia her name is Lisa
Lucas Lisa with two S's that was in
Charleston Virginia the capital of West
Virginia kargh I didn't know Charlton
was the capital of West Virginia did you
the only reason I knew that is because
there's a comedy club I used to play Oh
Charlie good nights Carolina that's
enough I think that's in Raleigh there's
a comedy zone in Charleston West
Virginia oh there's a zone zone there
I did not play the zones now no well she
points out something that a lot of
people also like don't always pay
attention to this is what those oil and
gas companies do in places like West
Virginia and in Pennsylvania they go and
they try to become part of the community
and they give you this farce there I
mean I remember you know in in
Pennsylvania whenever like I go home
to visit my folks in Pittsburgh when I'm
driving home from the airport Range
Resources put up a billboard against
littering which I was like wow that's
that's so ironic like a billboard about
littering from an oil and gas company
and that's what they do I mean that you
know they pay for the sports arenas and
some like John Gotti giving out turkeys
on Thanksgiving everybody like give
everybody a turkey exactly and then they
try to just like get in bed with the
community and then they sell their
propaganda and then and then they kind
of buy out the local press they're
sponsored content and a lot of people
don't talk about this she's bringing up
something that everybody should know
about and they don't want everybody to
know about it that's why they shut her
the up
Sheila's talking to talk for 90 seconds
right was it in a minute and a half was
that what yeah yeah they they cut her
off and they cook they cut it that's it
they got it hey get a couple of fat
white guys over there to do the bidding
of the oil companies that's something
you know I went to my City Council
recently yes and there was one person
there that just read a poem for no
reason
yep there was another person there that
kind of just gave a PSA and then gave
everyone on the City Council and the
mayor a tongue bath none of those people
were cut off and that's fine I mean
that's time for the public to say their
piece this woman was pointing out
conflict of interest 101 it was relevant
to the topic she had every right in the
world to say that right and then they
thought no you got to keep it talk about
the bill not the people well what if the
people who are voting on the bill are
corrupt you can't talk about it you have
to keep that secret and so the guy who
was telling her to shut up as this guy
John shot this is from the conserved
West Virginia conservative review and
she is running for a house of delegates
from Ritchie County which has been
overrun by the fracking industry so the
fracking industry comes in pays off a
couple of low-level politicians at the
state level like that very easy to bribe
them and then they rule in against their
own constituents against the people
which is what we're living in right now
is it's called an oligarchy that's what
we're living in right now this isn't a
democracy that the United States is far
from it and so they go in they pay pay
off guys like John Schott
and then they screw over their own
constituents and then when someone stops
steps up to say something about it they
should take their microwave and
shove him out the door she says as I
tried to give my remarks at the public
hearing this morning and a House bill
4268 in defense of our constitutional
property rights I got dragged out of the
house chambers why because I was listing
out who has been donating to delegates
on the Judiciary Committee and let's
just listen to that one more time
I also like to point out that the people
who are going to be speaking in favor of
this bill are all going to be paid by
the industry and people who are going to
be voting on this bill are also often
paid by the industry for example and I
have to keep it short simply because the
public only gets a minute 45 while
lobbyists can throw a gala at the
Marriott with whiskey and wine and talk
for hours to the delegates so to keep it
short on the Judiciary Committee
Charlotte Laine about ten thousand
dollars from gas and oil interests
including a EP marathon first Energy
Dominion eqt and I could go on next
let's talk about Jon shot from Mercer
John shot from Mercer John shot from
Mercer let's let's talk about him how
much money does he get first energy
$2,000 Appalachian power $2,000 look how
little bit of money it takes to buy
these guys isn't that awesome
such a little like it's not 2 million
dollars you would think it would be 2
million dollars any go I could see why
somebody would be corrupted for 2
million it's such little money Steptoe
and Johnson that's a gas and oil law
firm $2,000 console energy 1000 eqt 1000
and I could go on now let's talk about
Jason Hershberger miss Lucas
we asked no personal comments be made if
you don't still comment is a personal
comment and I'm going to call you out of
order if you're talking about
individuals on the committee so if you
would just address the bill if not you
know I asked you to please step down
earth took $3,500 about removed 40%
[Music]
I can't hear exactly what she's saying
is she said people are not corporations
I can make that out I can make out okay
so there you go John shot I'm gonna say
I'm gonna break my own rule calm and
complete piece of and an enemy of
the people
that he's supposed so that's a guy so
you want to see someone who's
over America it's John Sean it's not
Russia it's not Putin it'll be guys like
John shot and your and your local
fracking company that's who's
you over but all your favorite lefty
news shows will be screaming about
 Russia today again or some other
 thing instead of what they're
supposed to be talking about is the
complete takeover of our government by
corporations we now live in an oligarchy
that's not even up for debate you'd
think that'd be the number one story on
every news show every night hey we don't
longer live in a democracy they know
they never talk about it never you'll
never hear Rachel Maddow talk about it
that we don't live in a democracy and if
she does she'll just throw it away like
who cares I'd make $30,000 a day it
let's talk about Russia let's talk about
something that's inconsequential because
I have that kind of free time cuz I'm
Rachel Maddow and I'm loaded I don't
have to worry about medicine I have to
worry about rent I don't have to worry
about my kids health care I don't worry
about anything I'm Rachel Maddow I'm
fine I make thirty thousand dollars a
day that's Rachel Maddow and that's why
you don't hear about this stuff and
that's why they talk about Russia cuz
they don't have any real problems and
anybody who's opining about Russia on a
news show forty-five minutes out of an
hour if somebody doesn't have any real
problems so anything left to say but I
was just gonna say like you know since
we are on fracking in West Virginia
specifically you know look more into
Alissa Lucas and what she's running for
but also another person in West Virginia
that's actually gonna fight against the
fracking Lobby polishing sware install
polishing Swearengen yes she's running
against you're auditioning yeah yeah
Paula Jean we love her Swearengen that's
a great name it is a cool name yeah so
yeah so her name is Lisa Lucas
El Issa two S's Lisa Lucas she's running
I think it's Lissa
you say Lissa I think it's Alyssa yeah
Alyssa okay listen Lucas Alyssa Lucas
calm alright so yeah that's us trying to
do try to do something trying to do
something for her there's that John shot
guy and she's uh she's running for House
of Delegates from Ritchie County so if
you want someone to stand up for you and
fight back against the frackers and
against the people who are bought and
paid for by the frackers Lissa Lucas
there'll be a link right down there and
if you could do us a favor while you're
clicking that link make sure you're
subscribed and if you're not subscribed
please subscribe and then click that
Bell to make sure you get a notice when
we drop a video even though they
probably won't notify you it's the only
thing we can do to fight back they're
trying to do get rid of independent news
channels and so we have to keep fighting
to make sure we're viable so thank you
very much for that we'll see you
February 24th in San Diego for our live
stand-up show and March 25th and at the
State Theatre in Austin Texas for our
live Jimmy Dore show and maybe you could
become a patron we give you lots of
extra bonus material thanks for your
support
[Music]
