happy buddy welcome to the live stream
with a jiffy tour show this our second
one ever and I got to tell you it's
nerve-racking for me we've already
decided to switch internet because our
internet stream is slow I'm paying for a
business thing you know you dance a
monopoly you don't have a choice in
internet right but we anyway we're gonna
figure something out so thanks for
sticking with even if it's a slow stream
you know we were doing the best we can
we have spectrum for business and
they're giving me the freaking business
so thank you for sticking with us and
today I wanted to do a special
livestream just so we could gloat a
little about being a hundred percent
right about the Russian narrative right
so you know what we set by the way I'm
here with Ron Falcone and step zamorano
the miserable liberal hey is there a
ball howdy howdy everybody
Oh steps got the t-shirt people been
asking for miserable liberal t-shirts
we've got miserable liberal t-shirts
there you go alright so check them out
by the way YouTube is doing everything
they can to get rid of independent news
producers they've got new algorithms so
our our videos don't get seen they
unsubscribe our subscribers they don't
let our videos show up and so thanks
everybody for making the extra effort to
watch our stuff and thanks for being a
supporter we have the patreon and we
give you extra content and that's the
only way YouTube kind of seems like it's
not gonna be a platform for us much
longer
actually I'm not kidding I wish I was
kidding so but we are here now so thank
you very much so now on to the story so
the Washington Post broke a big story
about the dossier remember the TP
dossier and what was the PP dossier that
was a bunch of information that was
embarrassing to trump
that the Russian government put together
that they were holding over Trump that
they could blackmail him with so that's
why he is gonna do the bidding of the
Russians he's really a secret ruski
that's this theory with Trump right now
what we said is that there was never any
proof right because they wouldn't let
the DNC look at their servers they
wouldn't let the DNC wouldn't let the
FBI look at their servers all that so
that's the story the story is the
Russian government had derp
non-trump and then they were using it to
blackmail him the big question was who
funded the dossier so we're gonna get to
that we're gonna get to who's it corrupt
but first I want to show you when this
first came out in January of last year
the dossier was dropped Rachel Maddow
who's been foaming at the mouth about
Russia Russia Russia AK so here is
Rachel Maddow and here is it Richard
Engel is their foreign correspondent and
he's her actual reporter he goes into
war zones he does real reporting and he
knows how to source stuff but he doesn't
report rumor or innuendo like Rachel
Maddow does and she doesn't he doesn't
do propaganda so this is back in January
she brings him on now you remember
Rachel Maddow does about 45 to 50 hours
a day on Russia if you watch her show
it's about 45 - I know there's only 24
hours in a day but she's managed to pack
two hours two days of Russia coverage
into one show she does it so she spends
all this time pushing propaganda and
conspiracy theories and Russia scare
stories and all this stuff that people
who hate Trump it's like catnip to them
it makes them feel good tell me another
bad thing about Trump and that's what it
is
so here is Richard Engel comes on to
talk about the dossier now he went and
tried to verify it so listen to
everything he says and watch how easily
Rachel's dismisses it okay this is the
story the dossier here we go talk to you
might be the story of the century might
be we don't know it is very very strange
and this has been bouncing around for
several months now there have been a lot
of allegations I would even call them
rumors at this stage that the Russians
put together a file on Donald Trump
compromising material compromising him
financially compromising him personally
that he did that was bad that they had
documentation of that they caught him on
trips to Russia and neighboring states
doing nefarious things and
they have evidence to back it up and
that he that he effectively fell victim
to a Russian trap this is the allegation
and that they have assembled this this
this file of compromising information on
him and that they're just waiting at any
moment to either use it or use it to
blackmail him so that he is sort of a
puppet I've heard these allegations for
a long time I've heard very very
specific allegations times places
amounts of money specific activities I
haven't been able to prove any of it
that's a real reporter telling her that
their people hasn't even rise to the
level of rumor yet
it's just accusation so people tell me
these they have specific times and dates
of stuff he said I said well give me the
purple there it so he goes on this story
in in Russia
I've called leading experts of chased
tried to chase it down in this country
and I'm not the only one other reporters
have been given this kind of material
and have been looking into it
and haven't been able to prove it and I
called some of the sources who were
sending this my way and I said ok you
have this material you says it's as
compromising as it is show me the proof
show me these tapes that supposedly
exist show me the records of the money
that was supposedly paid all of these
things that these allegations that if
true would be incredibly compromising so
far I haven't been able to find anything
yes so you know Rachel Maddow her heart
is in her stomach right now right why
why are you doing this is that why I
brought you on what are you doing and
right now and harira producers gonna get
rid of him get rid of him get rid of him
cuz this segments not gonna last much
longer she was thinking it's like that
tax return I got became a person and
that's this dude so this but remember
this is back in January he's debunking
it he's saying this is some non story
I'm trying to get this is all propaganda
so far doesn't even rise to the level of
rumor let's see oh hey Rachel handles it
I bet she's gonna be excited about what
we should tell me more about this let's
see why what's interesting
coming up why is this dossier why was it
dropped last gen remember last January
got dropped remember that's when this K
BuzzFeed printed it it's why then right
before Trump becomes president right
before Trump becomes president
why then he's gonna tell you that's
what's the interesting thing there are
lots of rumors these rumors have been
circulating for months now why would the
intelligence community then today boil
it down to two pages and drop it like a
bomb on president-elect Trump on many
meet senior leaders in Washington yeah
and I'm the President himself slap why
do it right now and that's the question
I was told by a senior intelligence
source that the reason they did it is
the intelligence community is angry the
intelligence community effectively wants
to put him on notice saying look you're
you're saying all these things about
Russia be careful there are all these
allegations out there are any of them
true mm-hmm and so what he's saying is
that the deep state just like Dennis
Kucinich said on my other show
aggressive progressives Dennis Kucinich
said to me that the CIA is undermining
the president that they're really
running the foreign policy that Barack
Obama had a deal with Russia to trade
information in Syria or military
militaristically and the deep state
undermined it gave wrong coordinates for
a bombing we bombs a hundred Syrian
soldiers and the deal was off Peter
angle is saying there the deep state is
doing this to threaten Trump that you
better do what we say you want to do and
you better ramp up the war with Russia
buddy because there's a lot of money in
it NATO is or is mobilizing we're
mobilizing NATO to fight Russia by the
remnants remember Russia spent 65
million dollars a year on their military
we spend about I don't know 20 trillion
so here he goes he's saying it's the CIA
telling Trump you better listen to what
we say that's what he's saying right
mm-hmm
okay so here we go I was told quote
we can't help you mr. Trump unless you
tell us more we need more input these
allegations are out there we need to
know if we need to be taking care of
this and and lastly that there was a
concern that these allegations just in
themselves could become a distraction
and make it difficult for him to to
govern well yeah it does I mean you
don't have to it doesn't have to be true
for you to blackmail somebody with it
right I mean I guess that's I would
treat them at this stage with a lot of
caution
NBC News chief foreign correspondent
Richard so did you hear what she just
said she goes well it doesn't rumor
doesn't have to be true for it to be a
blackmail work as blackmail yes it does
that's the nature of blackmail
it has to be true if someone makes
up that's just a smear that's not
blackmail anybody can make up anything
which the CIA does you know like weapons
of mass destruction that kind of stuff
you know that Saddam's a threat to us
somehow you know that Libya is a threat
to us we got to go in there we got a
bomb there all that stuff so and I don't
know if you noticed Rachael completely
dismissed you think she would go what
nobody can corroborate this the whole
country's talking about I just did an
hour on she that was that was over and I
don't know three minutes this is a real
reporter with real news that nobody else
is reporting and she's like okay thanks
well it doesn't have to be true to work
okay bye and now you know why people get
their news from YouTube don't you
because of that and guess what
happened so the big question was what
was the big question who funded this
dossier who funded this dossier right
well guess what the people from the
company fusion GPS who did this document
who hired the spy they wouldn't testify
they wouldn't say who funded them that
was the big they wouldn't say oh well
that that's not suspicious
the Clinton campaign was asked if they
funded it they said no vehemently the
DNC was asked if they funded it they
said no well the Washington Post put
this in the paper yesterday
turns out Clinton campaign DNC paid for
research that led to Russian dossier
there it is baby the D
see is lying to you about Russia Hillary
Clinton's campaign is lying to you about
Russia and these are the people you're
gonna take their word for it they never
let the FBI or the DHS look at their
servers still to this day they haven't
let them look at their servers and now
they're lying to you 100 miles an hour
at the top of their lungs about the most
important thing in the world and why go
ahead well I was gonna say why did they
do that there's a book called shattered
it will tell you yeah we're gonna give
to that end of the book it will tell
Kenneth B Vogel's he's he tried to
report this story that the Clintons and
the DNC were funding the dossier he
tried to report this story and what
happened a Clinton campaign lawyer
pushed back vigorously saying you are
wrong so they lied and tried to sperry
the story this is there's Maggie
Haberman from The New York Times for
folks involved in funding this meaning
the dossier lied about it
and with sanctimony for a year for a
year
Elias that's the Clinton lawyer and his
law firm Perkins Coie is that how you
say boy mm-hmm retained the company in
April 2016 on behalf of the Clinton
campaign and the DNC so they're lying
lying lying if it's all true why do you
have to lie if Trump really did that why
do you have to lie before that agreement
Fusion GPS is research into Trump was
funded by an unknown Republican client
during the GOP primary so opposition
research people who want to take Trump
down hired this company for opposition
Reese could subduer on him go pay people
to tell you that negative stuff about
Donald Trump and as soon as he won the
primary they stopped paying
that's when Hillary Clinton dstean see
when we'll keep paying you go FICO pay
more people to find out dirty stuff
about Trump and and the Clinton campaign
and the DNC through the law firm
new fun fusions GPS research through the
end of October 2016 days before the
election so they did it from April till
the election they lied to you that whole
time that whole time they lied over
objections from Democrats the Republican
leader of the House Intelligence
Committee referendum in Newtons
subpoenaed fuze and GPS bank records to
try and identify the mystery client they
so they're the rip up every objects from
Democrats so they're doing an
investigation in Congress they want to
find out who funded this dossier which
seems like everyone has the right to
know and the Democrats tried to block it
so then after not trying to block that
information from the Republicans they're
trying to block that information from
you the Democrats don't want you to know
that they funded this the Democrats are
keeping they're lying to you
so they are thanks to Oppo by those so
let's get rid of this that's there has
nothing to do with it oh who was the
source a who are the sources in the
dossier so that's the important thing
right who are the sources so they got
the steal who's a spy for UK retired spy
fusion GPS Clinton campaign DNC higher
fusion GPS they hire Steele he's a spy
he then contacts people inside the
Russian got well let's see who his
sources are because he put the dossier
together who's his sources his first
source source a it says right here
source a source a to use the careful
nomenclature of his nomenclature of his
dossier was a senior Russian Foreign
Ministry figure a senior it's around you
know what this means that a sit a senior
Russian official in the government gave
dirt information to someone working from
Hillary Clinton and the DNC
so they're getting negative research
from the Russian government mm-hmm to
smear a political opponent and throw an
election inside the United States
that's literally what just happened
guess who else was their source b source
b was a
former top-level intelligence officer
still active in the Kremlin so the
people who were giving dirt on Donald
Trump worked for the Russian government
I thought they wanted Donald Trump well
wait a minute Ron
I thought the accusation against Donald
Trump was that he was working well let's
see what was the accusation here's Chris
Hayes talking to the former press
secretary in the White House and he's
gonna ask a member when Donald Trump jr.
went and met with that Russian operative
to get they thought dirt on Hillary
Clinton from a Russian turns out that's
probably a setup they were probably
setting him up that was a problem that
looks like more and more like it was a
setup so they could do this so he went
to so ever this is when that happened
remember he released the emails remember
Don Trump jr. released his emails
because they knew we were gonna come out
anyway where he set up that meeting to
go get dirt on Hillary Clinton from a
Russian and literally from a Russian it
wasn't somebody that worked the
government right it was just a lawyer no
a Russian lawyer so here is is what
they're here they're gonna talk about
that and listen to what they say
surprised are you by a the existence of
this email and B the argument that the
White House and the president United
States is now adopted that it's not a
big deal well Chris I think at every
turn were surprised and then after
reading the news story about it sort of
disappointed in ourselves that were
surprised about what is transpired
because in some ways it's utterly
predictable is it particularly
surprising that there was somebody with
close ties to the Kremlin that was
seeking to back-channel with the Trump
campaign to try to damage Hillary
Clinton switch the names is it
surprising that there was someone inside
the Kremlin working closely with the
Clinton campaign to get negative
information to smear Donald Trump with
it so that very thing they're accusing
Donald Trump of doing we now know the
Clinton campaign and the DNC did so this
thing that everybody was pulling their
hair out over and saying this guy should
be brung up for treason
turns out the former Secretary of State
doing the same thing turns out that
Donna Brazile doing the same thing at
the DNC isn't that something the thing
that they've been accusing Trump of
doing all this time they've actually
been doing themselves they've been
working with people inside the Kremlin
to get dirt on a political opponent in
an election in the United States did
Trump do the same thing
I don't know doesn't matter now because
the Clintons and the DNC did the
same thing what did they do again
particularly surprising that there is
somebody with close ties to the Kremlin
that was seeking to back-channel with
the Trump campaign to try to damage
Hillary Clinton is it surprising that
somebody inside the Kremlin was working
the back-channel information to the
Clinton campaign to damage Donald Trump
because that's exactly what happened
that's exactly what happened and who you
gonna blow the DNC said the Russians
hack their servers except the thing
they've been saying the exact opposite
happened and they say the Russians hack
their servers but you know what they
never let anybody examine their servers
another the FBI are the DHS examine
their servers and now you're gonna take
their word the liars at the DNC you
don't believe they're liars
but they've lied about Russia not again
not to the Republicans they like to you
they like to you about this anybody so
Rock Glo let's by the way and we were
right about this we've been right about
this all along at this place at this
show and at the aggressive progressives
and we've been roundly shunned
we've been roundly criticized smeared
we've been lovely
insulted dismissed people said it's
right in front of our face here it is I
I knew was a friend I knew these people
were working with the Russians Barack
Obama made fun of Mitt Romney in 2012
saying they're not our geopolitical foe
we work with them they're all working
with them John Podesta Hillary Clinton's
campaign manager work
for the Russians not only working for
the Russians but Hillary Clinton's
campaign manager John Podesta foundation
was working with Paul Manafort Trump's
campaign manager they got a million
dollars funneled to them - John
Podesta's PR firm that he founded got a
million dollars funneled to them from
Paul Manafort Trump's campaign manager
over that money came from pro-russian
government what do you think about that
it's all big Club baby so Ron going I'm
sorry I cook you know I mean this is
just it's one of those things well Trump
