hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with rob the cone and the
miserable liberal i'm so Justice Kennedy
is retiring so now Trump is they say
he's gonna get it be able to appoint
another Supreme Court justice and let's
remember why this happened
Barack Obama was supposed to seat
Supreme Court justice Mitch McConnell in
the Senate refused to allow him to do
that and Barack Obama just caved in so
instead of saying no I'm not signing a
budget will shut down the government
will do whatever until you seat my
Supreme Court nominee he didn't do
anything and they just didn't see the
Supreme Court nominee and he handed it
to the Republicans Barack Obama handed
it to the Republicans that's what
happened and there's lots of theories
about why he did that my theory is that
he was giving that to Hillary to use as
leverage for people to vote for her
because they knew she was repulsive and
she could possibly lose in the fall so
they're gonna hand that to her to use
against the Republican look Supreme
Court and it still didn't work so that's
the Democrats screwing the country again
again not making sure that that Barack
Obama's Supreme Court was sat then do it
didn't do anything did not make the
Republicans pay a political price for
that at all so now get this Chris Chris
Matthews here's Chris hardball he says
that this is this is a problem for the
Democrats politically that's what he's
saying to chris Kornacki because chris
Kornacki says well the democrats only
have 49 votes in the Senate and the
Republicans have 51 so here is here's
what Chris Matthews says Oh a 19
sixteen rather look what happened
Hillary Clinton the establishment
candidate won how did she wind apart up
there
they had debates during NFL games anyway
to protect her from a seriously
onslaught from Bernie Sanders so he's
making the point then how did Hillary
Clinton win the nomination in 2016 the
Pryor tea party protected her than in
everything they could including
including scheduling debates during NFL
games and on weekends and during
Christmas that's what he's saying you do
everything you can that's what he's
saying
then the party did it for her completely
cheated Bernie Sanders did everything
they could to rig it they did and they
won that's what he's saying then they go
ahead and they lose it never even got
about a Merrick garland for the Supreme
Court and now we're talking about having
a vote before in the next four or five
months right before a midterm election
on this whoever Trump cooks up I don't
think the party leadership could survive
this how do you explain then you could I
don't think this party leadership can
survive this he's saying Chuck Schumer I
guess what is that he that he met Chuck
she doesn't mean Nancy Pelosi - I don't
know but he's saying Chuck Schumer for
sure he says he doesn't think they can
survive the truth do you explain that
you couldn't stop own you have 49
senators they just had 50 you know just
a few years ago look at the way the
Republicans have played the rules first
of all they said it took 70 60 senators
to approve a Supreme Court justice aback
two years ago and also that's six years
then they got rid of that for the
nuclear option and they said also we're
not gonna like to anybody nominate or
confirm anybody in the year before a
presidential election so they denied
come-up formation even hearings or even
meetings with Gary garland so he's
saying look what the Republicans do they
play hardball all the time 24/7 up and
down sticking it right in you that's
what he's saying
Marie Carlin the Democratic nominee of
President Obama and so they're playing
all these games in 60 votes now it's 50
oh by the way we're not even gonna have
a vote on it and here they come in and
they say well let's do it nice now let's
make sure we have a vote even though we
only have 50 votes - they're 14
let's have good order here it's not
gonna happen if shimmer goes along with
that the whole gang of them are going
look what
so Chris Matthews just saying if Schumer
does play nice and that they're all
gonna be wiped out electoral that this
is what Chris Matthews is saying I don't
I don't think there's anything that
Democrats can't do to lose power I mean
I'm just saying that they've done
everything horrible and the leadership
remains the leadership Nancy Pelosi
provided over the complete white ball
out of the Democratic Party she's still
a leader Chuck Schumer's still a leader
but Heath this is his theory so here's
let's listen to it he says if they don't
do anything and this and Trump's allowed
to see the right-wing justice that
they'll be out as leaders that's this is
good Chris Matthews segment and then Joe
Crowley yesterday East won the the left
of the Democratic pride the progressive
base of the party and that's minorities
young people Millennials it's also
Hispanics and Latinos african-americans
they're tired of losing they're tired of
what I'm trying to get to the bottom of
with you is this if every Democrat
adopts the posture you're talking about
fights this makes all the points you're
making and they stand together they got
forty nine votes political strategy to
get a Republican came upon this so as
they're talking over each other but what
Steve Carnegie was saying is that they
only have forty nine votes they need to
get a Republican to flip on this and
Chris Matthews just saying you don't
understand they're going to be blamed
for this which they should by the way
actually be blamed for this he's saying
that that political reality doesn't
matter because the real reality is that
people are gonna hold the Democrats
responsible for all the horrible stuff
that's happening now because he said oh
they they cheated Bernie and the or they
ran they did everything they could to
get Hillary then she loses and now we
got this
and these are the leaders of the party
did that stuff to put Hillary there
that's what he's insinuating so the
leaders of the party that everything
they could to help Hillary she loses now
this is what we got and now they can't
do anything to stop this when the Senate
Republicans did pulled every dirty trick
in the book to make sure that Barack
Obama couldn't see his justice and and
if the Democrats don't seem to be fight
don't beasts aren't seem to be fighting
as hard as the Republicans were against
Obama that they're gonna be out and I
agree with them that they should be out
but they've been horrible they just do
regulating Wall Street again the
Democrats they just gave Trump seven
hundred and fifteen million dollars for
the depth of their horrible the
Democrats in California just got rid of
net neutrality so what so just thoughts
on this I think morally he's got a great
point and and I want to believe that
he'll be right on that however when when
all the Democrats helped out with nor
Neil Gorsuch that was Jill Stein's fault
so yeah there was like a high on
Democrat three or forty nine nine
Democrats voted for Neil Korsak well the
the senators that helped push it through
they said we're gonna get the vote I
mean it was nine that went along with
that but that's Jill Stein that still
Stein's for sure it's somebody's fault
with no money no power mm-hmm
Stephanie's thoughts on that or no you
know I'm just sitting here just thinking
about how Obama once again failed my
future yeah that you know how is my
future not affected by his lack of
persuasion and pushing forward a Supreme
Court justice it's depressing well here
is some good news this is according to a
guy named Gregory Gregory Koch Koecher
he says here's how the Democrats can
shut down the Senate now he didn't write
this article aimed at the Supreme Court
situation he has it aimed at a different
situation in fact he wrote this on June
20th so this was talking about how the
Democrats could actually shut down the
Senate and force the
in saying I'll read some of it to you he
says let's say the Democrats want to
shut down this the center in order to
force a vote on one of their own
proposals for example a bill to prevent
the federal government from separating
parents and children as they seek asylum
at our nation's borders they can do it
anytime they want that's what this guy
says because of article 1 section 5 of
the Constitution what it states is this
a majority of each shall constitute a
quorum to do business but a smaller
number may adjourn from day to day and
may be authorized to compel the
attendance of absent members in such
manner and under such penalties as each
house may provide so what he's saying is
that the Democrats could deny them a
quorum so they couldn't do business
that's what he's that's what this guy's
saying other than quitting for the day
or calling others to come to the chamber
the Senate can do nothing without a
majority of its members 51 senators so
you need 51 senators according to part
to participate in a vote no bill can
pass no amendment can be decided and no
nominations can get approved if the
Democrats don't show up this provides
Senate Democrats with real leverage if
they refuse to participate in roll call
votes the Senate will come to a halt for
a lack of quorum this tactic would put
pressure on every Republican to be near
the chamber whenever the Senate is in
session and Democrats are able to force
a vote on any procedural question if
Republicans are busy in the morning
raising money and holding committee
meetings Democrats can force them into
the Senate chamber and keep them there
the same is true during peak fundraising
time in the early evening or if the
Senate is in session on Friday or during
the month of August meanwhile vulnerable
Senate Democrats will bring their we'll
be doing their part by staying out of
the Senate chamber and using their time
more productively so he's he was writing
it this article talking about these
bills
he says that president there are several
critical bills kept from the Senate
floor by Mitch McConnell's policy a one
a bill to protect special counsel robert
molars investigation from presidential
influence reported out of the Senate
Judiciary Committee by a 14 to 7
majority and a bill to give Congress
final authority over tariffs imposed to
protect national security also a bill to
reinstate the deferred action for
childhood arrivals program without the
debate restrictions imposed by McConnell
in February also a bill to prevent
family separation at the border to keep
families together Act which currently as
you has United Democratic support the
current uproar over Trump's policy of
separating families seeking asylum could
provide Democrats a justification for
shutting down the Senate until McConnell
loosens his grip on the floor agenda I
would put say that they could do this
over the Supreme Court mm-hmm say you
know you guys always a Supreme Court
nominee so we're gonna make you nominate
someone that's palatable to us which is
how it used to be because they had the
filibuster but they got rid of that
Mitch McConnell got rid of that did the
nuclear option so now it just takes two
51 votes to get a Supreme Court nominee
well they also have the political
leverage of a midterm coming up I mean
you know Republicans there their whole
rebuttal for Obama was well in under a
year there's gonna be an election coming
up we should let the people's be like
well okay well in under a year there's
some midterms coming up so let's let the
voters decide I mean they do all the
political leverage it's this year mm-hmm
now here's the key thing I always
thought that if there was a 50 vote tie
or something the vice-president vote
weighs in right so the Vice President
oversees the Senate and he votes in the
Senate to break a tie so that would be
your fifth well do you say well Jimmy
they have 51 votes right now yeah but
John McCain is sick so he's not there so
they really only have 50 the Republicans
I mean senators so it's 50 to 49 and
they only have 50 but I don't know if
the Vice President can
if he can show up and to give them a
quorum in fact the guy who wrote this
says I'm uncertain whether the vice
president Mike Pence could contribute to
a fifty first vote toward a quorum the
Senate precedents on quorums do not
mention this question so I guess we'll
find out because his general verbage of
the policy yes it's only to break a tie
right so if they're not there in the
first place well how would you write out
a tie so maybe he couldn't but again I'm
sure they would I'm sure that they would
say he could and then do it and then the
Democrats would have to go to court and
the Supreme Court would decide this
likely yeah yeah that's likely how could
unfold but the Democrats need to be seen
to doing it if they give another vote to
a trump nominee like they gave to gorsek
geez
which they did anyway so there you go so
that's that's the big question so do I
think Chuck's you know Chuck Schumer
wouldn't even stand up they wouldn't
even stand up for the dreamers because
they're corporate donors said don't you
dare shut this government down don't you
think that's what happened that's what I
think happen that's why they wouldn't
stand up and so that's why they rolled
so easily so we'll see if they do if
they take Chris Matthews advice and they
have to be seen doing everything they
can to oppose this and and fighting
every which way they can well they're
not gonna they're not gonna they they I
have a feeling sneakily that the
Democratic establishment savors this now
they're like now now we next time nobody
will vote third part know everybody will
did that's what their thing this is a
great fundraiser you got a vote blue any
blue will do exactly and not only that
but you know the any blue will do model
which they love that gives you some of
the Blues that are fine with your nail
Gorsuch is yeah and are fine with
whoever trained go along with
that's what blue nomads that's what blue
no matter who gets you
it gets you you're joe Manchin's yes get
you you're Joe Donnelly no one likes to
point that out it gets you you're Nancy
Pelosi yes they love to add their
fingers at progressives meanwhile it's
like well wait a second you're blue no
matter whose strategy first of all gave
us the only candidate that Trump was
capable of beating that's right gave him
her as an opponent so he won and also
gives us people that go along with him
and enable him like you're joe Manchin's
and you're Don Elise why doesn't anyone
talk about that part I don't understand
why nobody talks about how the fact that
they cheated the guy who could've beat
Trump in favor of the only person who
couldn't and then they blame people of
no money and no power in another country
that's what they're doing they're
blaming Jill Stein they're blaming
misogyny WikiLeaks James commis letter
Bernie bros they memes
the Pope they blamed everybody everybody
and everything except themselves for
cheating the person who could have beat
Trump in favor of the only person in
America who could have lost
it's an unbelievable amazes like you
know how somehow they have those mazes
where there's like the start and the
finish and you have to figure out how
the hell they got there it's like start
a president doesn't fight for a Supreme
Court pick that's rightfully his finish
it's Susan Sarandon that makes zero
sense
hey please make sure you subscribed even
if you think you are you probably are it
only takes a second to check and then
click that bell to make sure you get a
notice every time we drop a video they
won't they won't tell you every time
anyway but it's the only thing we can do
to fight back against the bastard so
please make sure you subscribe and click
that Bell and our next live show is July
15th in Chicago and after that July 27th
in Burbank California special guests on
that show Abby Martin and if you could
become a patron that would be fantastic
we give you hours of bonus material
every week thanks for your support
you
