happy buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and ron paconne hey hey here's staff
i'll look at those great fantastic
t-shirts and mugs you can get them all
right down there at our store thanks for
the help and support the show today
we're talking about the you know unity
Commission for the Democratic Party they
finished they got some recommendations
and over at HuffPo they say they're
historic historic reforms that's what
they say so let's get into what other
reforms well there the community
committee is recommending the effective
abolition of some 60% of super-delegates
to the presidential nominating
convention Wow so that sounds great
right and it sounds even greater if it
was a hundred yes right 60 so here's
what they've decided to do so 60%
they're gonna get rid of of the super
delicate forty percent but another rule
says those forty percent of super
delegates have to vote the way the
populace and their state votes so
there's no point to the super-delegates
anymore it doesn't seem what I'm
thinking is going to happen is when this
goes to the rules of bylaws committee
they're not going to agree to this
they'll agree to the 60% reduction but
not worth that they have to vote with
the people that's just but I could be
wrong about that but why why do I do it
like that
why'd take the 60% off why not just 100%
off everyone knows super-delegates are
 they're anti-democratic they
they don't make any sense the reason why
super-delegates were invented was to
make sure that popular people who were
popular with grassroots people at the
party didn't get elected like people
like Bernie Sanders that's where they
were invented so there's no point to
them the Republicans don't have them can
you imagine if Republicans had
super-delegates how much we would rip
them for it so I don't understand that
doesn't make any sense that they're
doing that which makes me not have a lot
of faith in this unity reform commission
but who knows who knows we don't know so
here's more from Huffington Post it says
it has also presented a set of measures
designed to increase accessibility to
presidential primaries and
caucuses as well as reforms aimed at
opening up DNC budgetary and
administrative processes to greater
scrutiny through among other things the
creation of an ombudsman Council it's a
nice word ombudsman so the problem was
nobody knew where the money was being
spent only the only the chair or even
Donna Brazile didn't know a lot were
some of the money was being spent isn't
that's something so there's no
transparency at the DNC with their money
which is white state chairs at the
Democratic Party at the state level
we're screaming we're not getting any
money so all that morning was going
towards the presidential campaigns
Hillary Clinton was taking all that
money for herself she can't give a
about down ballot races so now they're
gonna they've recommended the creation
of an ombudsman Council to oversee
because even the people who the officers
of the DNC weren't aware of what where
the money was going can you believe that
that's how corrupted the DNC is the
unity reform commission members proposed
binding all but the highest subset of
super-delegates to the judge okay we did
that former president's former vice
president's former DNC chairs as well as
sitting members of Congress and sitting
governors would retain their super
delegate privileges under the proposal
so my theory is they're gonna get rid of
those 60% but these people are not
they're gonna be just rather be able to
vote for whoever they want I think
that's what's gonna happen we'll see
what happens we don't even know so now
all this by the way goes to the rules
and bylaws committee then has to be
voted on again by the 400 members of the
DNC and that's probably not gonna happen
till right before the 2018 midterms so
we this is if we're gonna get and put in
place probably probably not until ripe
even if it does get put in place until
right before the 2018 midterms and then
if it doesn't get put in place it's
right before the 28th meets and it's too
late so again this is just it doesn't
give me a lot of good feelings about
what's happening there's a little bit
morning can I just add yeah you know
when I look at that super delegate
phrase it sounds to me like they get to
retain their super delegate abuse yeah
witches abuse privileges that's a good
way to put it stuff yeah woman
privileges sounds a lot
then their ability to not give a
with the voter it's much more delicate
yes the Commission proposal would
require state parties to allow voters to
register for the first time or switch
party affiliations on the same day of
the caucus and submit absentee ballots
by mail as well as ensure that the use
of written ballots to confirm the
accuracy of results so they can only
they can't really make them like the New
York primary that's the one everyone's
crazy about because you have to register
like about four years ahead of time if
you want to vote in the Democratic
primary so that's why the Bernie Sanders
didn't win in New York because three
million independents weren't allowed to
vote for him who would have joined the
Democratic Party you know probably we
pride ourselves on being inclusive and
welcoming to all the Democratic National
Committee proclaimed anew at the start
of this month touting the Commission's
meeting as open to the public this is
from norman solomon by the way so he
wrote this we welcome everybody unless
you're a nurse that wants to give people
health care hi shut up and get the F out
yet the DNC delayed and obscured
information about the memo never
replying to those who filled out an
online RSVP form thus leaving them in
the dark about the times of the meeting
in short the DNC went out of its way to
suppress public turn out rather than
facilitate it what a surprise it called
for reducing the number of notoriously
undemocratic super delegates to the
National Convention from 712 to about
300 while the only Democratic number
would be zero that's what we just said
no this is Norman's on the same page as
we are it's somewhat in it's somewhat
improved transparency for often dubious
DNC contracts with high paid consultants
and vendors while defeating sensible
amendments by commission member no michi
cons who spoke with notably notable
clarity about the need to clamp down on
financial conflicts of interest among
DNC decision makers no I understand that
they went ahead and came to know me on
that and they recommended an ombudsman
to over look at the budget No so I don't
know about that but I mean I don't know
about the veracity of that part of norm
article but how do you how did both of
you feel about this okay so when I you
know the whole idea about clamp down on
financial conflicts well wasn't it
barack obama who continued to allow his
independent contractors in the DNC to be
consultant consultants yes he paid so if
you're going to clamp down on financial
conflicts really you're gonna clamp down
on the President of the United States
and the use of those funds is that
possible um Steffi I hear what you're
saying so you're saying a DNC chair is
supposed to override the president
that's what you're saying oh so the deal
well they're saying they're gonna have a
chair that probably the president tapped
on the shoulder and picked but the tribe
if the president is it is a Democrat the
president is in the head of the party
so just so so I'm supposed to plan on
Tom Perez being I know Jeff I don't have
a lot a lot of hope for these weekend
okay
so that was my impression that would I
see this that they're able to clamp down
on financial conflicts it's an
impossibility well Tom Perez leads with
his values one trip to the bank at a
time I wish I would love to ask him if
he's gonna put his values on the ballot
but I just think can I just think it's
so sad that like these things that were
asking for is in some big reform and
even it is too much hey can we have an
actual democratic process yeah over
delegates are completely undemocratic oh
let us keep 300 of them alright let us
just cheat a little bit hey Grady be
transparent about where the money in the
party is going oh never thought of that
never thought about this so sad that
these obvious things are in a reform
commission yeah that someone have to be
yeah and that that and that you have to
convince people to go along with you on
this stuff yeah that's what's correct
like the fact that the Democrats just
don't know off the top get rid of the
super delegates what are you
doing that's ridiculous
but they go yeah but they have to vote
with the people any would then just get
rid of them because the appearance is
horrible am I wrong about that no you're
totally right I mean it reminds
like like a South Park episode yes leg
it reminds me just like well how about
we just not cheat like what do you mean
not cheat
[Laughter]
Ron breaking it down all right well I
have to add one more thing as I review
that and it says DNC contracts with high
paid consultants and vendors and the
result is we lost haha so who hired
these vendors who hired these
consultants that allowed us to lose well
if the game isn't rigged enough already
I don't see the DNC I I really
appreciate know Mickey and but I just
don't see progress I don't see change I
see more of the same and really they're
gonna be subtly transparent I don't it's
not gonna happen I really you know
fingers crossed but just why do they got
to drag this out until next fall by the
way like why not just do a vote on it
next week what are you waiting for
well they have a midterm to lose so I
know there's a lot of people who will
feel good about this I don't
it just sounds stupid and the fact that
it's not even that sounds dumb that
you're gonna keep super-delegates even
though but they're gonna be devold but
well then why keep them what because we
want to give the appearance that we're
not democratic we want to give the
appearance that were that the elites
control our primary we want to give the
appearance of it why why would you want
to do that right isn't that stupid and
did we get any kind of information that
clarified how they decided on that
number of 300 no 300 are going to be I
know how they are eeny Meeny no I know
they're gonna be the governor's Senators
Congressmen that that's who's gonna be
left yeah
mayors okay so Howard Dean he's gone
with Howard Dean finally be gone it
seems to me that Howard Dean would
finally be good but he was a former DNC
chair so maybe they make a special car
vote and they keep him to be a super
delegate even though they so
so now again these are just suggestions
it's not they have to go now to the
bylaws committee rules and bylaws
committee they have to approve it and
and turn I bet they and and then it has
to be voted on one more time
so we're far away from any of this stuff
being implemented so everybody's
high-fiving themselves or a lot of
people are not everybody's a lot of
people are and we're way away from this
happening make the rules and bylaws
committee could say okay will reduce the
super-delegates by sixty percent but the
remaining 40 percent aren't bound
they're unpledged they think about any
way they want okay okay there's there's
our compromise we gave you half we got
rid of sixty percent of them that's
that's more than half aren't you happy
that I have a feeling that's what's
gonna happen I hope I'm wrong if you
know if you if you are opposed to the
idea of super-delegates just get rid of
them okay
well we'll see again I don't see how the
the donor class is gonna let go of Nancy
Pelosi or Chuck Schumer I don't see Wall
Street letting go of them I don't see
their interests being yanked away from
Big Pharma or the military-industrial
complex do you see I mean did the Unity
Reform Committee talk anything about hey
hukka how would an Elizabeth Warren vote
for that Pentagon budget with
an extra eighty billion dollars enough
to put everybody through college how
does that happen
so even even all this stuff even our
most progressive person in the Senate in
the Democratic Party is still a puppet
of the military-industrial complex when
all is said and done right well yeah and
if they really wanted like true true
reform like everybody involved really
wanted true true reform they didn't even
need to meet and discuss things the yes
men handed them everything they need yes
they could have just consulted that
video and been like okay we're gonna do
this for real now yeah yeah so by the
way we've I did find out I talked with
Nomi and she did advise me that although
in February the DNC voted to start
taking lobbyist money again that there
was a Barack Obama put in a rule we
you couldn't do that they got rid of
that then they reinstated it just
recently this fall I just found this out
I didn't even know this so apparently
the rule that Barack Obama had
implemented you can't take lobbying
money at the DNC has been reinstated I
didn't know that so now I know it and so
now you know it okay that's nice why
would you why would you do that to
yourselves why would the DNC why would
you have a whole summer of losing races
and people knowing you're corrupted and
people know you know what I mean you're
taking lobbyist money and then ah you
know what let's get rid of it anyway
okay so fingers crossed I'm much more
left than the Democratic Party it's much
too slow change for me but you know
again this is this seems like less than
a half measure it really does because
there's no way they can guarantee that
the primaries will be opened there's no
way that they can do that mm-hmm and
that's what really needs to happen
anyway okay we'll see again they haven't
even vote these are just recommendations
from a from a unity Commission this
isn't this hasn't been implemented so
now we have to even see if this gets
implemented in the meantime the
Democrats are still wiped out coast to
coast please make sure you subscribe
we get emails every day people tell
unless they're unsubscribe from our show
so make sure even if you think you are
check click subscribe then click that
bell so you get a notice when we drop
videos and if you can become a patreon
to help our patron to help support the
show or buy an mug or a t-shirt that's a
great way to help support we'll see our
next live show is December 18th that's a
Monday in Hollywood thanks for your
support
you
