hi everybody went with jimmy dore show
i'm here with my miserable liberal and
ron flick own some miserable
hello so i'm gonna in this is about the
response from a former comedian retired
comedian dennis miller that's how many
we can leak in low refers to him as
retired comedian so dennis miller is
upset about this this is the joke so
what you know sarah huckabee sanders is
a professional liar and because she's
the press secretary that's what they do
they lie right that's what the press
secretaries do okay that we all accept
that so this so but what what they don't
like is what a comedian actually points
it out so here we go and of course we
have sarah have to be sanders we are
graced with Sarah's presence tonight I
have to say I'm a little star-struck I
love you with aunt Lydia on The
Handmaid's Tale
because if you haven't seen it you would
love it every time Center steps up to
the podium I get excited because I'm not
really sure what we're gonna get you
know a press briefing a bunch of Lies or
divided into softball teams it shirts
and skins and this time don't be such a
little Jim Acosta
I actually really like Sarah I think
she's very resourceful like she burns
facts and then she uses that ash to
create a perfect smoky eye like maybe
she's born with it maybe it's lies
it's probably life and I'm not really
sure what to call Sarah Huckabee Sanders
you know if it's Sarah Sanders is it
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is it cousin
Huckabee is it anti Huckabee Sanders
like what's Uncle Tom but for white
women who disappoint other white women
[Laughter]
Coulter
[Applause]
so that's the jokes that everyone are
pretending are about her appearance
now you notice none of those jokes were
about her appearance all those jokes
about what a despicable person Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is because she is and
that was a bridge too far but by the way
so those jokes are are a horrible here's
the jokes that are okay I just want to
remind everybody here's the jokes that
are okay those weapons of mass
destruction got to be somewhere
nope no weapons over there
so that's them all they're literally
applauding him joking about lying us
into an illegal war where we murdered
hundreds of thousands of people and
displace millions more killed children
killed grandmother's killed them and he
lied us into it and he's a war criminal
and he ordered torture to cover it up
and and all the presses like that's so
funny he lied to us into a war that's so
funny George Bush is so funny you better
not make a joke about Sarah the press
secretary lying or else we're gonna
pretend it's about her appearance and
we're gonna all have phony indignation
so this is all pearl clutching and guess
who's the biggest pearl clutch sure
because by the way a Dennis Miller who's
who love George Bush never made a joke
about him here's what he said what a
horrid human being Michelle wolf is I'm
going to read up on her over the next
couple of days and I will have a few
brutally mean jokes about her by
Wednesday first of all who tweets
out that I'm writing jokes what a jerk
putting a joke of a joke himself that
Dennis you haven't written a joke that
anyone's ever repeated for about 15-20
years so there you go and by the way
thanks for not putting a joke in your
tweet you don't even have a joke in your
tweet follies it's not Wednesday yet
[Laughter]
here's what's guy I love how he's also
pretending that he's gonna write the
jokes yes yeah here's Dan Soder I didn't
know him before this but he goes
remember what Dennis Miller was a comic
instead of a joke hall monitor what a
dork really you're upset that a comedian
made fun of the powerful Dennis oh
you're gonna take down that comedian huh
I'm gonna write some jokes and they're
gonna be brutally mean who announces
that they're jokes are gonna be mean a
guy like Dennis Miller Dennis Miller is
such a lame ass it is unbelievable what
a lame ass he is Oh Bob Gus the Wynwood
knock that guy over
here by the way here he is over there
cracking that joke well that was that
was in his dread by the way that was
underneath his somebody put that in his
hilarious I love what Bart Coleman said
she underneath he goes she says I'm
gonna get her some mean jokes by
Wednesday Bart says must be nice to have
all that time to read now that your
career is over
and then our good friend Doug Benson who
we have to get on the show I don't know
why this that we haven't had him on the
show I love them
he says haha can't wait to hear him call
her babe and chop chop well I think in
some ways Dennis Miller is kind of a
pioneer in comedy because you know I've
always thought and still think that
comedy is kind of about David and
Goliath and work David you know yeah but
Dennis was arguably the first person
that was like screw this I'm teaming up
with Goliath I'm teaming I'm coming
he's a committee he's a come he's the
opposite of a Dennis Miller is the
opposite of a comedian because he uses
comedy to prop up the powerful instead
of to take the piss out of them and then
when someone does take the piss out of
them he tries to use comedy to take the
guy taking the piss out of the powerful
down that's it he's wrong in so many
ways it's a unique approach he's like
Andy Kaufman except he's for real about
except he's for real like really doing
it yeah Dennis Miller is uh is now he's
a joke to comedians right he's not funny
it's not funny when you punch down just
so you know never funny to punch down
only funny to punch up when you're
punching down that's called bullying
god bless Bart Coleman and Doug Benson
good for them and come all Nanjiani and
everybody else who's given it to these
people I like this it says a one-one
famous US newspaper once had the slogan
to comfort the afflicted and to afflict
the comfortable the White House
correspondent slogan seems to be no
matter what happens stay on the good
terms with the powerful yep the most
offensive line and Michelle Wolf's
routine was Flint still doesn't have
clean water if something else she said
bothers you more than that then maybe we
shouldn't trust your judgment about
anything
and that's Anne Marie Cox said that Anna
Marie Cox and that's Cox with an ex you
so you can say that yep
so that's great that's a great tweet by
a dimeric ox just going to show you that
eat at here's another one
here's Emily Nussbaum said Wow the idea
that Michelle Michelle Wolf's joke
called out Sanders I make up his madness
she praised her eye makeup she said it
was a perfect smokey eye she just
pointed out that it was made of the
ashes of burn lies which it is both
there was no fat shaming she never once
commented on Sara's looks only her
makeup technique which she praised and
the role in the administration likened
her to aunt Lydia and here's David
Sirota I love what he says in the last
48 hours icons from the resistance
network MSNBC have a defended a former
anchor facing harassment allegations
that's Tom Brokaw be defended a current
anchor who published homophobic screeds
and then offered a dubious hacking story
and si attacked a comedian who
criticized Trump folk that's MSNBC for
you
they couldn't suck any harder they could
not suck any harder and you know it's
like bittersweet for me because I would
like to have a better press but the fact
that they suck so hard is actually good
for this show
I love Kumail Nanjiani said this to
Maggie Haberman
he said they call you Liars meaning the
Trump people they call you Liars they
call Mexicans rapists they call Muslims
murderers they support white
supremacists but someone calls them out
on what they do and suddenly they're
heroes for not walking out so here's the
White House Correspondents was what's
the a for I think it's the
White House correspondent they
put out a they put out a thing dear
members do
let me read it to you oh no they're not
apologizing yes I want to tell you how
much your kind words meant to me
following my personal remarks at last
night's White House Correspondents
Dinner about the roots of my beliefs in
journalism's essential role I also have
heard from members expressing dismay
with the entertainer's monologue and
concerns about it how it reflects on our
mission
how about pushing illegal Wars how does
that reflect on your mission
how about laughing at George Bush making
jokes about Al Green listen to Al Dean
how does that reflect Oliver Knox who
will take over the summer as our
president and I recognize these concerns
and are committed to hearing from
members on your views on the format of
the dinner going forward last night's
program was meant to offer a unifying
message about our common commitment to a
vigorous and free press while honoring
civility great reporting first of all if
your mission of last night's program was
meant to offer a unifying message about
our common commitment don't hire a
goddamn comedian why do you hire a
ricotta damm comedian and then get your
panties in a knot when they do
their job maybe your mission sucks yeah
maybe your mission that's a shitty
mission your mission should be giving
the truth to the American people yeah
how about that
that's not in their mission is it does
it say holding the powerful people
accountable no no no no just being
unified with them here's their yes
here's their mission here's their
mission a unifying message about our
common commitment to a vigorous and free
press while honoring civility great
reporting and scholarship winners not to
divide people you know how good
reporting doesn't divide people you know
how great reporting makes the powerful
feel United with the powerless what and
the media tube we're all one
what if and now so and again you can see
the emptiness of this thing and how
bullshitty it is because if she really
cared about free speech and any of that
stuff they'd be screaming about Julian
Assange right now and they're not that's
how you know they're all full of it so
she goes on unfortunately the
entertainer's monologue was not in the
spirit of that mission no but her spinal
log was in the spirit of holding the
feet to the fire
powerful people that's what her mission
was and that's not yours at all
yours is to suck up to powerful people
and then on someone who holds them
accountable seriously you guys are
rotten go ahead how are you supposed to
be civil when people are calling for war
and we shouldn't be in war and the idea
that she or the Margaret says that about
Free Press I think that in itself is
ridiculous there's no such thing as Free
Press
we've got corporate press now it's
bought and sold and infiltrated yes
you're 100% right
so good work Dennis Miller and and the
White House correspondent
fantastic you know what you know who
they're gonna have next year oh maybe
I'll have Dennis Miller Pat chak chak
chak bock bock oh maybe that's his way
to try to get Dennis Miller is sucking
up to power so he'll get a gig that's
why when he used to suck up to Bill
O'Reilly I oh you don't hear him talk
about Bill O'Reilly much anymore huh no
whatever happened to that Dennis
remember you guys used to go out and
tour he used to go out and tour with
again like as a comedian you're supposed
to make fun of the principal Dennis
would be hanging out with the principal
that's who Dennis Miller is if you ever
watched Ferris Bueller's Day Off he
wouldn't be Ferris he would be the
principal
that's who Dennis Miller is now he's the
opposite of a comedian he would
tattletale on the kids he made fun of
the principal he would tattle he'd
Dennis Miller's the kid that says you
forgot to give us homework that's what
Dennis Miller is you ever have a kid in
school do that I would totally yeah you
forgot to give us homework Dennis you're
supposed to be a comedian so uh there
you go
I did a video about how shitty Dennis
Miller was as a comedian in a person
about seven years ago and Ben Ben
mankiewicz was on that video and I'd
always I would often thought if I wonder
what I'll say to Dennis Miller when I
bump into him cuz I know he's seen this
video no one's making videos about
Dennis Miller so you know he's seen it
especially because Ben mankiewicz on it
and Dennis pretends to be a big fan of
Turner Classic Movies
so there he was I'm walking out of the
Roosevelt Hotel going over the Chinese
man theater and Dennis Miller's walking
in and you know what I said to him
nothing what is there to say to him we
probably kind of brushed each other's
shoulders
I'm disappointed what am I gonna say I'm
disappointed or goddamnit you're a piece
of it what am I supposed to say all I'm
gonna do is insult him and then you know
what's he gonna do take a swing at me no
he's gonna say wait till Friday you're
[Laughter]
gonna be me it's just you know there's
nothing I can say to Dennis Miller that
would be more hurtful than me going to
him and that's what I do when I see
Dennis Miller it's good same same same
look I give to John Walsh is that he
gets to I mean Dennis Miller is probably
the biggest comedic disappointment of my
life I was never a Bill Cosby big big
fan of Bill Cosby so no I mean everybody
loved Bill Cosby when I was a kid I
thought he was funny but Dennis Miller
just what could possibly be go through
his mind as a comic rod right but he's
just like I got he's got no not once you
can sell out to George Bush which he did
he when he had a show on MSNBC beat CNBC
Dennis Miller had a show right after
9/11 and he announced I'm not gonna make
fun of the president well then you're
not a get out then get off TV
then go let go give it to someone else
who will do their job but that was him
getting in bed with the right-wing
because that's where the money is
there's a lot more money being a
right-winger than there is being a
left-winger that's where the money is so
he'll always get sponsors he'll always
get something bill o'reilly couldn't
bring him on a show enough bill o'reilly
meant it if that's how your comedy
partner is Bill O'Reilly well Dennis
putting up with mr. Potter like once you
go on tour with mr. Potter
go ahead well I was just gonna say
Dennis probably need somebody that's
easy to follow yeah there you go
yeah I would al the Dennis if you'd like
to come on to or you can open for me and
then I'll show you how a headliner
really does it our next
jimmy dore shows July 1st in Portland
Oregon there's a link for tickets for
all of our live shows right there and if
you can remember please take a moment to
make sure you're subscribed to the show
it only takes a second you probably
think you're subscribed but you probably
aren't just make sure you subscribe
click that Bell so they send you a
notice when we drop a video otherwise
they won't tell you and if you become a
Premium Member or a patreon we give you
hours of bonus material every week and
we do a live chat every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time where you can ask us
questions and we'll answer them plus her
on steam it we're steaming it right now
[Music]
