hi everybody welcome to Jimmy door so
I'm here with the miserable liberal of
Rambla Kohn
hola hello hola that is Spanish for
hello
yes very good muy bueno Jimmy how do you
say goodbye adios adios that is really
good a Dios how do you say hello in
Italian ciao oh that's right how do you
say goodbye Tommy Lasorda how do you say
goodbye
Chau Chau is both yeah it's like Aloha
yep wouldn't what's it river derchi well
that's like that's like a more formal Oh
like yeah so you say I was like saying
bye but arrivederci is like saying I
will see you later right yeah all right
so the reason we're talking about Italy
is for no reason right now we're gonna
talk about Tucker Carlson we featured
Tucker Carlson on the show before it's
amazing Ron said this to me before we he
said it's amazing what they'll let
Tucker Carlson tell the truth about
mm-hm so he was able to tell the truth
they loud at Fox News they allowed
Tucker Carlson and tell the truth about
the the bombings or the the chemical the
supposed chemical attacks in Syria which
have all been debunked now correct
mm-hmm
so they let him tell the truth about all
that and we we featured it on this show
because it's crazy that they that it's
just crazy and now here he is we did it
we did a piece about this latest
everybody going crazy over Russia's are
gonna somehow in Vedas or whatever run
our elections or something and so he did
a piece on it and again I just can't
believe they let him do this so and I
mean in a good way I mean Tucker you
know over once in a while Tucker Carlson
hits a home run and it's because no one
else is telling the truth about stuff
like this no one else in mainstream news
tell the truth about the chemical
attacks in in Syria nobody we tell the
truth here
the Organization for the Prevention of
chemical weapons they tell the truth
there's a few few people on BBC told the
truth they got shut off right away but
here he is he's gonna tell the truth
about what's happening with the Trump to
Putin summit but not that but they
actually do a reaction to it and let's
just listen to some tonight with
remarkable speed and intensity the media
the foreign policy establishment both
political parties have come together as
one to attack the president for his
meeting yesterday with the Russian
President Vladimir Putin Anderson Cooper
John McCain Mitt Romney they all
described the president's remarks about
Russia as disgraceful former CIA
director John Brennan called those
remarks treasonous and grounds for
impeachment Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer announced that Trump was being
blackmailed by a foreign power others
accused him of being a sleeper agent a
spy one member of Congress from
Tennessee called for a military coup
against the presidency well as the raid
storm swirled the president bowed to the
inevitable genuflecting before US
intelligence agencies whose judgment
must never be questioned and recited the
now obligatory oath of loyalty to the
spy bureaucrats now in charge of our
country watch any sentence in my remarks
I said the word would instead of
wouldn't the sentence should have been I
don't see any reason why I wouldn't or
why it wouldn't be Russian so just to
repeat it I said the word would instead
of would and the sentence should have
been and I thought I would be maybe a
little bit unclear on the transcript or
unclear on the actual video the sentence
should have been I don't see any reason
why it wouldn't be Russia sort of a
double negative so you can put that in
and I think
probably clarifies things pretty good by
itself so that's the hostage tape the
president buckled to criticism don't
know what they're saying that's exactly
what happened he buckled and that
happens this is politics after all so
remember that piece I showed you about
Chuck Schumer when Chuck Schumer was
warning Donald Trump don't mess with the
intelligence community they have six
ways to Sunday to mess with you back and
in the video I did yesterday I said that
to me it sounded like this indictment
thing the timing of it was to mess with
Trump's meeting with Putin and there
he's he's saying now Trump is bowing to
that and I felt the same way it's like
odds anyway but okay we'll just keep
going you don't need my clarification
what is amazing and unusual and ominous
is who made him buckle the people
yelling the loudest about how the
Russians are a greatest enemy and Trump
is their puppet happens to be the very
same people who have been mismanaging
our foreign policy for the past two
decades the people who invaded Iraq and
wouldn't admit it was a mistake the
people who killed Muammar Gaddafi for no
obvious reason and prolonged the
horrible Syrian civil war and then threw
open the borders of Europe the ones
still defending the pointless Afghan
conflict and even now planting brand-new
disasters around the world in Lebanon
Iran and yes in Russia these are the
people who've made America weaker and
poorer and sadder the group whose
failures got Trump elected in the first
place you would think by this late date
they would be discredited completely and
unemployable wearing uniforms and
picking up trash by the side of a
Turnpike somewhere but no they're not
they're hosting cable news shows they're
holding high positions of influence at
the State Department
they run virtually every nonprofit
public policy institution in Washington
they are still in some sense in charge
of our national conversation they are so
what he's saying is do you see who's in
charge of this do you see you again
that's all the people we said all the
people who led us into Iraq who led us
into Libya who's keeping up for as Gadda
stands Syria there are the people doing
this these are the people who weakened
America yes 100% he's a rise on it yes
these are the people and these are and
because there was never a price to pay
so
again we have both parties bought by the
same donors the same military industrial
complex donors and there's never a price
to pay for an illegal war even if you
order torture and war crimes to cover it
up which is what they did Barack Obama
who is also a tool of these same people
will not prosecute you but he will
prosecute a journalist or a
whistleblower who tells the truth about
the war crimes that they're committing
isn't that something so now all those
people will bill kristol and a Brennan
all the people at the CIA well with the
people at the FBI molar motor light us
into the war - did you know that all
these people are now the people we're
all supposed to take we can't ever
disagree with his what he's saying
because if you do then you're a traitor
no we should just we should not believe
the CIA and our intelligence committee
community out of hand we shouldn't ever
believe them we should always demand
evidence always why because when we
don't we go to war in Iraq kill couple
bug people million I don't know how many
people would kill a million that's what
happens same thing in Libya same thing
in Syria it's all lies all wars are
 and naturally they hate the
idea of rethinking or correcting any of
the countless blunders they have made
over the years so nobody ever so if this
is again another point we've made on
this show a million times the
establishment does not want to
scrutinize the system that gave us trump
they want to pretend it was russia and
outside influences and misogyny and
racism and sexism and everything except
them everything except this deal liberal
nightmare with endless wars and endless
poverty back here at home we can't make
it clean water in our own goddamn
country we can't give health care to 30
billion people thirty million one in
five kids is in poverty not poor poverty
that's the problem happening or they
don't want you to just examine they
don't want us or any
to examine that system and that's why
this is happening that's why it's Russia
to Russia
24/7 and that's one of the main reasons
they hate Trump because he calls them on
those blunders now being Trump he can't
always explain precisely what he means
to say sometimes he gets the details
wrong or he gets sidetracked with some
personal vendetta because just to make
one more point all the people who got
the Iraq war right are persona non grata
in America right now where's Phil
Donahue he got fired from MSNBC because
he got the Iraq war right you think
they'd want him on every day to talk
about this stuff they never want him on
to talk about anything
Jesse Ventura got the Iraq war right
governor Jesse Ventura mayor Jesse
Ventura Navy SEAL Jesse Ventura got the
Iraq war right they got rid of them at
that must NBC because they don't want to
tell the truth about war district now
all those people who got it a hundred
thousand percent wrong are the same
people that are doing all this that's
the point he's making and the point is
those people are lying war criminals and
we should be skeptical of them at every
turn in fact they should be relegated to
the dustbin of history instead they're
still running our culture and that's why
we're in a culture right now we're 30
million Americans don't have health care
everyone else is poor and treading water
and we're not talking about it ever what
are we talking about gonna go to the
front page the newspaper today Russia
Russia Russia go to huffy post Russia
Russia go to MSNBC Russia Russia Russia
CNN Russia Russia
something that has nothing to do with
anyone's life anybody care
but that ridiculous Jim Acosta guy
nobody does but on the big questions
Trump is indisputably right the Cold War
is over the world has changed it is time
to rethink America's alliances and to
act in our own interest for once Russia
is not a close friend of the United
States but the question is why should we
consider Russia a mortal enemy of course
Russia spies on us so do a lot of
countries some of them far more
effectively than Russia the Russian
attempt to meddle in our election and
was comically amateurish badly targeted
Facebook ads almost nobody saw compare
that effort to the deep penetration of
American industry and the defense sector
by the communist government of China or
compared to the China actually is
communist China actually that's why we
used to be afraid of Russia because they
were gonna infiltrate us with their
ideology not that they were gonna come
take us over militarily but they were
gonna come take us over with their
communist ideology which is what
McCarthyism was all about but now
they're not communists anymore you know
who is China China actually does do
stuff we reported this off an article in
the intercept maybe that was that
aggressive progressives anyway here we
go and by the way the eff the new head
of the FBI just said China is our
biggest threat right now
counterintelligence threat the FBI the
new hat the head of the FBI just said in
Aspen to Willey it with the Lester Holt
just told of that at China is our
biggest threat so they're already moving
off for us or so I thought it was that
so whatever we need to keep spending
money on the military-industrial complex
everybody's a threat that's all they are
ok back to this markable sway that the
Sunni Gulf states have over a political
process or the fact that Latin American
countries are changing election outcomes
here by forcing demographic change on
this country at a rate that American
voters consistently say they don't want
ok so that was that that part is just
complete lunacy so that last part Latin
American countries are forcing a
demographic change on her no you know
who you know the power of Latin American
countries to change our demographics
the United States just that's that
theory that Tucker gives you that
somehow they're trying to take over
America through immigration through
immigration we're a country of
immigrants again there's certain things
he's allowed to get right and then
certain things like hey hey Fox News
signs your paychecks buddy it's so just
a line just so you know we have net
negative net zero immigration with
Mexico so just as many people who come
in from Mexico just as many people leave
net zero immigration so this idea
they're taking over this is just by the
way America is browning so that's what
that is that's the fear of Browning of
America so that's all so he has to throw
it a little xenophobia but he's allowed
to tell the truth about everything else
mmm you know a few good minutes in there
those are all major challenges from
foreign powers to our American democracy
but he's right about China he's right
about the Sunni states I don't think he
mentioned Israel did he all right
I'm skipping Israel now so though is
reboot Netanyahu brags that he controls
Trump so there he goes so Israel the
Sunni States Saudi Arabia and so he's
right about that and China they're real
and yet somehow nobody on cable news
seems upset about any of it why is that
well here's one reason many in
Washington are getting rich from the
Chinese and the Saudis Latin Americans
clean their homes and watch their kids
those countries can't be our enemies in
their view but nobody here is getting
rich from Russia
so therefore Putin must be a mortal foe
that's who the neo cons are telling us
we are required to believe does anyone
actually believe it well know sober
person is read a newspaper this year
could recite that talking point without
laughing because it's stupid so the only
option if you want to force the
population to accept something
ridiculous is to make sure they don't
think too much about it that they're
quiet they do what they're told and if
you don't believe it watch what's
happening to trump right now obviously
it's possible entirely possible maybe
likely that the Russian government broke
into the DNC servers before the last
election it certainly sounds like
something they might do but before we
act like we know for a fact
that that's what happened and go to war
with Russia over that shouldn't we see
some actual evidence that had happened
why not like maybe a server or at least
a clear explanation of what happened we
haven't seen that and that's what Trump
asked for how dare he
that's a treasonous thought we were told
he's a Quisling a traitor to his country
that's what they're saying and not just
a few of them all of them are saying
that in unison think for a second about
what they're demanding if you don't
automatically accept them now this is
this is the best part of his thing so
you could disagree with everything he
said so far I disagree with some of this
yes hmm but you could disagree with
everything he said so far but you cannot
disagree with this fact that he's gonna
lay on you right now about that current
environment in the United States think
for a second about what they're
demanding if you don't automatically
accept the imprecise non-specific never
fully explained findings of shadowy
intelligence agencies with long
documented track records of making
serious mistakes you've somehow betrayed
your country the very people who assured
you that Iraq had weapons of mass
destruction the ones who said the Shah
would never fall in Iran etc etc those
people must be believed without question
or else without question or else that's
what there's you don't believe our
25,000 intelligence communities think 70
turns out villages for really actually
three and all the people are hand-picked
remember that mm-hmm and if you disagree
with any of those people they do it
you're a traitor if you disagree with
the people who let us into Iraq
illegally you're a traitor if we
disagree with the people who quoted
torture had covered it up you're a
traitor he's really laying it down right
now on television this group is called
the intelligence community that's an
Orwellian name if there ever was one
yep where exactly is this community we
hear so much about does it have a zip
code a public library system I use
Football League oh do they do they have
a Wendy's what where's their Starbucks
before Congress starts demanding
unthinking obedience to the law maker
community now that's a great point
so now
we have we all have to have on unbending
obedience to the intelligence community
you can't never disagree with them or
else you're a traitor and he's saying
how long before the people in Congress
decide you can't disagree with them
either they're a community it's a
community after all you must obey it
dissent is unpatriotic and if you don't
agree you're working for Vladimir Putin
that's where we're heading by the way
and fast in some ways this whole story
is about Donald Trump and what he said
and what he does but on a deeper level
it has nothing to do with Donald Trump
this is about democracy whether or not
voters rule their country so all the
people are gonna say I've apologized and
this is that nothing to do with Donald
Trump if you look at it that way this
has everything to do with democracy and
it does this is also a 101 in how
propaganda works on a massive scale this
is how we got into the Iraq war both
sides going along complete bull and this
is X happening again so this this does
this doesn't have so by what you can't
deny that that fact that right now in
our country you have to accept the
intelligence community's assessment
unquestioningly or you're called a
traitor so even if you don't believe
anything else he said that's true and
that is chilling dissent is patriotic
but what's happening right now is
dissent as treasonous that's what
they're saying all right there's a
little bit more it turns out the very
people telling you they are saving our
democracy are working overtime to
destroy it and scolding you as they do
yeah I'll throw it over to my panel go
ahead when it comes to issues i don't
agree with tucker carlson on a whole lot
but but yeah he most of not all of it
but a lot of that yeah he nailed it yeah
I would disagree with Tucker Carlson on
most policy issues most things me too I
even could question his sincerity and
his beliefs before but for whatever you
know because I in in previous I think
Tucker Carlson is one of those guys
who you know just sees things through
partisan glasses but for whatever reason
he's being allowed to tell the truth
here mm-hmm
so tip of the hat when someone does good
work tip of the hat and he laid it down
precisely and the kid the points he made
about that you're not allowed to
disagree anymore that is super chilling
anything else boy and the thing he said
about just you know these people saying
our democracy got hijacked and you know
I said something someone I'm like look
the people that are saying our
quote-unquote our democracy got hijacked
are the same people that are fine with
super-delegates yeah I'm with the
electoral college and fine with voter
suppression and fine with gerrymandering
