[Music]
the thing I like about Vancouver is that
weed is legal here next summer
[Music]
the Sheraton well Center Vancouver
that's where we have looked so how nice
as it looks there so we're here with
Peter it says Peter Allard for the Peter
Allard prize and we're heading over
right now for the ceremony and I'm
excited about it questions and answers
yeah yeah oh that's we're doing one of
the Glenn Greenwald's giving a
question-and-answer right now right
right the ceremony's later
yeah I'm dumb so I get a lot of things
wrong so we're in the car we're on our
way to the Glenn Greenwald question and
answer when it asked Glenn Greenwald
what his favorite restaurant is so here
we are at the University is this British
Columbia yes it is breathy we're going
to leak Glenn Greenwald he's gonna have
a question and answer I don't know what
I'm gonna ask him but look how pretty
this campuses this is the most pissed
trip picturesque campus I think I
believe Pepperdine is also pretty nice
but this is fantastic huh those are real
mod it's not a painting that's a real as
a real mouse
that's total it's real
everything here is real that's the
beauty a candidate
[Music]
are you Jimmy door that was so
disturbing you just popped out of my
youtube box and you exist in real life I
didn't know that you know as possible oh
so you want to know how the lefty media
sandbag Bernie Sanders is that what
you're this again every day MSNBC red
weights it is mind blowing and no one's
saying and was trying to stop them so I
guess you know but I guess what I'll say
about that because it's a little on
topic I'm happy to talk to you about it
more for your show or just for your own
personal edification if you want to chat
afterwards but you know I guess what I
would say is when I first started
raining about politics it was 2005 and
it was the Bush years and one of the
reasons I was able to develop a platform
more or less quickly is because all
these Democrats and all these liberals
love the work I was doing and they
supported the work that I was doing and
they helped me build my platform because
at the time I was criticizing George
Bush and his assault on civil liberties
in his use of militarism and and all
these you know supporters and who were
largely Democrats and liberals because I
was tacking Bush starting around I don't
know I guess maybe January 20th 2009
which is the day that George Bush left
office and Obama and the robbers I lost
all those friends they stop caring about
civil liberties they stopped caring
about war the anti-war movement
disappeared even as Obama escalated
bombing in lots of places and
intensified civil liberties assault and
I think that what got exposed is that
there really is no left-wing media in
the United States really what people
thought was left-wing media was actually
the Democratic Party media which is
something much different so I think that
you know one of the interesting things
about the unraveling of centrist
institutions in Europe where the
Socialist Party and France has
disappeared and the Blair rights in the
UK are completely discredited and the
establishment wing of the Democratic
Party is suffering so much there's kind
of an unraveling of politics and it
creates a great opportunity that can be
scary
the one hand because the the right new
new right can take over but the left can
actually have a really interesting
opportunity as well and you see that
with Jeremy Corbyn I think you see that
with a lot of energy on the left and so
rather than sit around with grievances
about the past and sort of more
interested and kind of how you know
these divisions can be exploited to
build something better
well you know if you will be all scared
so we will not be here we are not scared
so we will feel like this is part of our
professionals ug my virtual mr.
Bannister's and I was ready to say that
long time we have good friends and you
know she went to jail I didn't so why
should I be afraid so
we believe that this is just part of our
life yes there's like a unity in
journalists and opposition well yes they
arise about you know there's a
government controlled media and an
independent which government is trying
to destroy okay so we are part of that
independent even simple and and we're
trying to expand and of course we see
the government assistance 16 change and
again these are what helps us to do
[Music]
she was also rested correct she was
called for questioning but not via the
usual way like they could have sent her
a paper asking her to present herself
for questioning but they stormed into
the house the police came to take her
for the questioning it was very
intimidating and very unusual and so is
she is she figure full of what's gonna
happen to her or how does she fight
through that fear okay when the problem
started as was outside of Egypt and
everybody friends and family you know
kept on screaming don't come back as
they don't come back and she insisted on
coming back and she said if I am going
to fight back
I am going to do it from inside Egypt
that was before the travel ban but she
was ready for anything we were expecting
her being put behind bars and I mean it
didn't make her think twice before
coming immediately back to Egypt once
she got to know about that there is
charges moving she said I would not let
other people pay for for that and and
she came back okay so I would say that
she was not moved by the fear or not
fear but the threat or the non threat
but on a personal level after storming
into her house I know now that my friend
thinks twice about how she is dressed in
case they storm again I know that my
friend now thinks about how much money
she has in her purse before going to a
restaurant or not because she cannot use
credit cards anywhere I mean there are
things on a day-to-day basis that do not
really see him big but it wasn't part of
her world before
yeah okay thank you for talking with us
what are the consequences on you
fighting corruption all right that's a
good question we we really feel like we
are first thing is doing our duty as
public officials this is what we are we
have to do however we feel personally
very honored to be I myself can say I'm
very honored to be a part of this team
it is a fulfillment off a life of work
being realized now with this
investigation something that we've
always wanted to do and now for the
first time we are able to do so we'll
talk about some of the blowback that
you've you've gotten for exposing
corruption I mean what are some of the
prices do you have you've had to pay
alright so this is an investigation that
deals with the most powerful businessmen
politicians in Brazil and of course we
get a lot of pressure from outside and
attacks against investigation and when
the facts are so clear that you cannot
defend yourself against the facts you
try to go on the outside and attack the
investigation and investigators the
public officials officials on the case
so we get a lot of even fake news
producing media that will say bad thing
about us and the investigation itself we
have a lot of messages that are passed
on to the media there are repeated
repeated over and over and when you look
at the numbers when you look at the
facts you see that nothing like that has
happened in our investigation so we have
to one of the things that we have been
doing to protect ourselves against this
it should be extremely transparent from
the beginning so all of our case is on
the Internet whatever is not under a
court CEO is on the Internet we we
incentive eight people to go online and
to check the facts for themselves so
that we are also protected against this
last question I have you noticed that
have you inspired anybody else to fight
corruption in Brazil or outside well we
we do cities and we're very glad for
these we we started a movement in Brazil
in order to change the laws the criminal
laws would give privileges to
white-collar criminals and politicians
and we put up a package of ten
legislative proposals to change this to
change the scenario of impunity in
Brazil and also other measures to
prevent corruption and to help obtain
back the money that has been stolen this
is a work that started with us but
however over two million people in
Brazil got involved in this campaign and
they signed the petition to Congress in
order to to pass this law finally at the
end they were not passed but however the
I believe that we have put up put out a
aching plane that is gonna keep up and
we hope that this has consequences even
for next year and either for the
politicians to come to understand what
society really wants in a part of that
apart from that outside of Brazil as
well our case is extremely connected to
the to the world we now have over
international legal assistance demands
with over 30 countries in fact 39
countries and now we have already over a
hundred demands from other countries to
Brazil in order to ask us to assist them
in their investigation so we see a lot
of prosecutors we see people from civil
society that coming to us from other
countries and saying asking how did you
do this can you help us on our job as
well so this has been extremely a
pleasure for us hey thanks for talking
with us
good evening everyone my name is Nicole
Barrett and I'm the executive director
of Allard prize initiatives and also the
director of Allard laws international
justice and human rights clinic it's an
honor and a privilege to play a
leadership role in carrying out the
inspiring vision of the Allard prize
after a comprehensive nomination and
select
process this year's three honorees were
selected from 244 nominations coming
from 70 different countries the honorees
were selected on carefully considered
prize criteria which include
demonstrated courage and leadership in
the fight against corruption or the
protection of human rights in a manner
that promotes transparency
accountability and the rule of law I
would like to introduce the person who
made this evening possible mr. Peter a
Allard QC lawyer and businessman Peter
graduated from the UBC with a BA in
history in 1968 and an LLB in 1971 after
grot after graduation Peter practiced
law for more than 20 years and engaged
in various business enterprises with a
keen legal mind and a passionate
commitment to creating positive change
he also assumed leadership roles in
human rights environmental advocacy and
other philanthropic work Peter thank you
for your passion and fighting corruption
and promoting human rights for your
visionary leadership in the pursuit of
justice and for your support of this
very significant initiative please join
me in recognizing Peter as he comes to
the podium
[Applause]
[Music]
honored and distinguished guests
finalists and guests first of all huge
heartfelt thanks to all members of the
prize committee especially Nicole
Barrett and to carry extra Lasky max
Fisher and Lisa down for their tireless
work across borders our videographers
who face extremely tight schedules
sometimes under dangerous conditions to
bring us such wonderful inspiring
stories Tiago Rourke of Portugal for the
beautifully crafted unique sculptures
Sheraton the Bank of a wall center
Donnell best won Canada's most
methodical and well-documented
whistleblowers for the much needed
assistance to the only prize and to all
of our five finalists and their
representatives Glenn Greenwald for his
well reasoned and articulated
journalistic conversations Jimmy
doorstep Zamorano
and Georgian Charlton's Sheratons
associates for standing up for the 99%
who bring truth to power I want to talk
to you a little bit about the experience
that I had that has really shaped how I
view this kind of work and the heroic
nature of it and the reason why it
deserves protection and admiration and
that was the work that I did with my
source the whistleblower Edward Snowden
the work that I did with Edward Snowden
really was transformative for me in so
many ways and it really illuminated so
many critical issues that have shaped
how I think about things that I'm sure
will last for the rest of my life and
one of the reasons that that's true is
for a long time before I began doing
that work I was writing a lot about the
need to be adversarial to those in power
to stand up to the country's most
powerful factions whenever they're
engaged in corruption and wrongdoing and
what I ultimately discovered is that
it's actually somewhat easy to say that
but much more difficult to actually do
it when the time comes that you're
confronted with it and you don't
actually fully understand what it
entails
until you actually go and do it and live
all the risks and live all the threats
and live all the difficulties and
burdens and choices that you have to
make so I just want to share with you a
couple of anecdotes that I think really
illuminate why the work of the three
finalists is so important what binds
together people who at great risk to
themselves do this sort of thing so when
I first started talking to Edward
Snowden it was late 2012 and he
contacted me by the internet and we
ended up speaking for many weeks during
which I had no information at all no
knowledge whatsoever about who he was he
was telling me and then he had
demonstrated to me that he had taken
extremely sensitive documents from the
most secretive agency within the world's
most powerful government which he said
he wanted to share with me and he then
demonstrated that he had those but I
didn't know his name I didn't know where
he worked I didn't know anything about
him personally I didn't know his age I
knew nothing and in the very first
conversation the very first one that I
ever had with him he said look I want to
give you these materials because I know
that the world needs to see them and I
think you're the person who can deliver
them in a way that will be effective and
I started to talk to him about ways that
I could shield his anonymity to protect
the government to protect him from
having the government discover who he
was and he said no no you you don't
understand
I don't want anonymity I want to come
out in public and I want to declare Who
I am and explain what it is that I've
done and explain why I did it because
I've done nothing wrong and I said to
him well that is a choice that you're
free to make but you should know that if
you do that it's almost certain that
you're gonna go to prison for the rest
of your life and he said that's a risk
I'm willing to take and at the time in
my mind I was developing a picture of
him I'm sure you've all had the
experience of talking to somebody over
the internet that you've never met and
you develop a picture of what they look
like and it's never anything like what
they actually look like so in my mind
while I was talking to Edward Snowden
for all these weeks I had assumed that
he was
an older person probably in his 60s or
70s in part because he was very
sophisticated about what he was saying
in part because I thought somebody who'd
become that jaded that they were willing
to go to a prison
to stop what they viewed as this level
of corruption had probably been around
for decades
and also because I thought that somebody
who was so willing to say I'm willing to
go to prison for the rest of my life
probably meant I'll go to prison for
five years or ten years or just how much
longer I have to live not for 50 or 60
years and so in June of 2013 I travelled
to Hong Kong and I met him for the first
time and he wasn't 60 or 70 he was 29 at
the time and he actually looked much
younger he looked 22 or 23 he sort of
looked like a kid who worked in a video
game store at a mall just sort of this
nerd in the t-shirt who kind of wandered
out and it was one of the most
disorienting events of my life and part
because it was hard to believe that
somebody that young had access to such
sensitive information but more so
because it really made me confounded
about why somebody that young would be
willing to go sit in a person for the
next 60 years in defense of some sort of
abstract political value that didn't
really affect his life very much in a
direct way and so I actually spent two
or three days in Hong Kong
grilling him interrogating him about
what his actual motives were I needed to
understand why he was willing to do this
and it took a while for me to get
answers that were satisfactory because
he really hadn't even thought so much
about it and he was kind of reluctant to
talk about himself he wanted to talk
about the documents instead but what I
finally came to understand what he
finally said to me that made me feel the
authenticity and the conviction of what
he was saying he said to me I cannot
live the rest of my life knowing that I
had the opportunity to do something
about this grave injustice and I chose
instead out of fear to do nothing
and then he told me that there's no
matter what it is that the u.s.
government might do to him put him in
prison kill him
persecute him vilify him in public none
of that he said could compete with the
pain and the suffering that he would
endure of having to live the rest of his
life knowing that he capitulated to fear
as opposed to standing up and defending
the things that he believed in and I
found all of that just so remarkable and
it really was so transformative for me
to this very day and I think there's
some really critical lessons that we can
all draw about people who do that sort
of heroic work that certainly applies to
all three finalists tonight to begin
with I think that one really valuable
lesson that comes from that is that any
person in the society no matter how
seemingly ordinary or average or
powerless can really change the world
whatever you think of Edward Snowden he
changed the world he altered diplomatic
relations between countries he radically
changed the way we think about critical
concepts like privacy and surveillance
and government secrecy and the role of
the United States and the role of
journalism and democracy and what was so
amazing to me about Edward Snowden was
how ordinary he was he grew up in in the
lower middle-class household his father
was in the Coast Guard he dropped out of
high school he had no power no position
no prestige and yet through nothing more
than an act of conscience an act of
courage he changed the world and I think
it is incredibly important to always
realize that no matter how formidable
institutions might seem no matter how
powerful corrupt factions might appear
