hi everybody happy holidays miserable
liberal has a nice t-shirt on right
there I see that mug that's those are
great Christmas gifts you get a downy
tiny hands you get a jimmy dore t-shirt
you get it all stuff right here there's
a link underneath that Spreadshirt comm
thanks very much for your support
guess what angela lansbury has a
different take on the sexual harassment
predicament that men are finding
themselves in lately The Reckoning The
Reckoning that's happening not a mania
not a mania The Reckoning here's what
Angela Lansbury says attractive women
must sometimes take blame for the sexual
harassment hmm boy ooh good thing oh
good thing but this is back to that
blossom remember the actors who played
blossom I forget her name um she when
she did that she said oh she's been
homely so she didn't get sexually
harassed and she wrote it's the same
thing women must accept some blame for
sexual harassment and abuse because they
quote go out of their way to make
themselves attractive to men this is
true they do mm-hmm
please go out of their way what does
that mean go out there you even like
women bathe they do they do their hair
they put on makeup they dress nicely
they try to live interactive got it
their way go out of their way I can't
believe she said this Angela Lansbury
has been around forever she's what you
know what's ironic
she's gaslight I guess right now she
would an Academy Award for yes yjt
the booby gasps like I'm very proud well
she does backpedal little she says there
are two sides to this coin we have to
own up to the fact that women since time
immemorial have gone out of their way to
make themselves attractive and
unfortunately it has backfired on us and
this is where we are today how the F
does Enza last burberry not get that
this isn't about attractiveness death
this is about it is about power there's
about control this is about domination
this is about satisfying somebody's
desire than an and it's like you know
the idea that she is saying that women
go out of their way and need to take
responsibility is a real nice way of
saying the victims are to blame
oh yeah that's totally victim blaming
and and what's her what what does she
mean go out of their way and what is her
solution like what's the solution like
you got a you got a look a little less
attractive if your bangs are even go cut
him up a little bit and make him like
like what do you mean
sounds very close to what Mayim Bialik
was saying the actress who plays blaster
blade blossom sounds a lot watch what
she was saying she was saying she
doesn't dress to be too sexy to men and
she watches what she talks about like
it's a guys look if it's their
responsibility okay it's one thing to
get sexual attention from men by the way
I saw this the other day some once a
woman said women who want sexual
attention from men aren't and men
who want to give women and sexual
attention aren't predators that's normal
that's normal for women to want sexual
attention and for men to want to give it
that's normal it's about when it's not
wanted that's the whole point so it
sounds very much like what Mayim Bialik
was saying that she made sure that again
it's it's the it's the wrong message
this is not it's all see we went and got
so pretty guys can't help themselves so
be careful if you're a young teenage
girl shame on you for being so hot
really that's what come on come on that
is awful I know she added that the fault
does not lie with individual victims
should should women be prepared for this
no they shouldn't have to be there's no
excuse for that and I think it will stop
now it will have to I think a lot of men
must be very worried at this point I
think you're right about that
but I don't think it's gonna stop it
will have to what does that mean I mean
come on Matt Lauer didn't decide hey you
know what I got to go ahead and
disconnect that button from under my
desk he didn't he wasn't worried
that's so weird again I'm you know in a
sense I'm very lucky I've never been a
position of power
I whenever I've done anything sexually
when I worked at a club I wasn't a boss
right I couldn't I couldn't I didn't
have power over anybody in that club
right and I couldn't tell the waitress
hey if you have sex with me I'll make
sure your head waitress next my I can't
do that I don't have any power you know
what I mean Ronnie mmmm
so and everybody showed up with a comedy
club yeah I'm the headliner but I'm low
man on the totem pole they're right
they're gonna they're gonna throw me
under the bus before their head waitress
right somebody who make some money all
the time you don't I mean so I'm not
gonna again I've never been in that
position where I had a job and I had
hired someone to work under me or yeah
no Lian's we're just loan sharks we're
just yeah we're just kind of like we're
just the visitor yeah if I interact with
a woman in a comedy club she was the
manager she was my boss
she hired and fired me you know what I
mean so I died you know who knows thank
God I have they got it I never been put
in that position put it that way I like
the position where I'm just happy if I
get a meal club sandwich I'm thrilled
[Laughter]
her comments drew a strong response from
rape crisis England and Wales which said
in a statement quote it is deeply
unhelpful it is a deeply unhelpful myth
that rape and other forms of sexual
violence are caused or provoked by
women's sexuality or attractiveness
isn't it amazing that a woman like
especially even a way like I get a woman
with such background and history and you
know like she's know this she doesn't
know that what they had they had to tell
her that they had to tell her that this
is that I know that yes she should be
setting an example and you know and I
would say it's not a deep unhelpful myth
I think that's kind of putting a bow on
it I think it is a dangerous myth
because especially for younger people a
younger women like maybe they develop
early and and now they
feel ashamed of that now they're scared
of that now late like they don't feel
okay right in their body because they're
like oh I developed early so now now I'm
doing something wrong by being out in
the world and that's that's kind of the
message you're giving and that's awful
that's absolutely terrible I agree you
know but did you know but did you catch
the other night the Victoria Secrets big
big lingerie show come on fellas you
missed that that's the word thing so
that's the word thing so they'll have
you go to an NFL game they have Chilean
cheerleaders there in short shorts with
and and their push-up bras and you go
there there's a band there high kicks
and their high kicks and they're the
Victoria's Secret so we've set up this
culture where we use sex to sell
everything everything oh did you want to
check me out eating a burger right now
dripping all over me
so come on so when is it when does it be
when out of them so now so there's I
know there's a difference between
looking at a woman and ogling I know
there's a big difference between that
but when they have things like when they
still do them they still do the Miss
America pageant they still have meant
that all that stuff didn't our president
run the Miss Universe pageant yes I
wonder if he still does but my point is
that I thought we were supposed to like
so they still have the swimsuit
competition so they have all these women
who are supposed to be accomplished
right they're smart they've gone in
college and they're all this in there
and then they all by the way getting
there which could you guys get undressed
and walk around for a while so we can
dub put to put a number great on you
that's what they do they put a number
great on them right for that
so it seems unbelievably contradictory
right and what were what we're preaching
in our society right now and it also is
objectifying women all right so what
what do you think about that stuff I
remember the last time I watched one of
those Miss America pageant's all the
women were strutting across the stage
and they had they started with mink
coats on and first and then they threw
the fur and they started across and by
the time I finished watching it I
like a - you know it was so much yes and
I've just watched it I just went what
century am i living in that this still
continues it it is disturbing and you
know when I see somebody who I have
great respect for it you know she's a
wonderful actress she's wonderful she's
spectacular I just saw her at the Mark
Taper last year and when I come on
they're sending a lot of mixed messages
right you know we we hold women up to
show them how beautiful they are and to
sell everything from chewing gum to cars
I don't know you know in sex sells
but then what kind of society and
culture are we building with that
so I've often had a guy kill like yeah I
I don't underst it's it's I mean watch a
commercial tonight just when you watch
television or you watch you know you
know on YouTube and you watch it you'll
see the commercials and all of them you
know for the most part anything that is
alluring or attractive or anything has a
woman in a bikini it doesn't matter
where she is I agree
Steph it's a crazy it's great so now
when do I so our men's supposed to feel
badly if I'm watching the Victoria's
Secret TV show at what point do I start
to feel badly once should I start to
feel like when is it cross the line I
guess I was gonna say in the 17th hour
so that's what's weird so that's the
that's a when is it okay to get to
express a sexual interest in a woman and
when isn't it right I'm gonna guess that
work it's not good that's a bad time
don't ya work yeah I was just reading
what other guys who work at Victoria's
Secret I'm sure those guys who are mark
it's okay I mean I am gonna say this all
right I went to I believe it was a bit
yes it was a Victoria Secrets and they
have men mail clerks yes they do
because I think some
if they're gay right that's okay if
they're gay right am I wrong about I
need I need a man handing me another bra
to see if does this one fit ma'am are
you kidding me
I'm with yunda I think that's crazy I've
never felt gonna get a break and get a
job at a lingerie store whatever men
gonna get their day in the female
lingerie department although I tell you
it's our ironically
sales go up when women sell men's
underwear isn't that funny out hey could
you help me out I'm looking for
something that lips separates all right
well again it's a crazy time we live in
Angela Lansbury that's quite a thing
like there's a difference between
getting sexual attention from men and
then men being a what he called
assaulters well it's the difference
between giving a woman's sexual
attention and then assault to keep being
harassing right and giving women sexual
attention at work is I think considered
harassing and in any level right so just
don't do it at work well I think it's
one of those things I think the big kind
of thing is like there's a difference
between like empowerment and then being
a predator right like that's like where
there's a huge difference because it's
like if you're you know if you're
choosing to you know model a bathing
suit or whatever and you feel great
about your body and and you've you've
exercised or whatever and you're you're
ready and you're like hey Here I am like
like that's a lot of different than
somebody that's like you know I gleaned
you at work when you're just trying to
go about your business yeah it's like I
got to work can I just go to work
without having to put up with I have to
worry about guys hitting me
hitting on me at work I get that you
know so that so that's what yeah women
shouldn't have to worry about that
at work you know go ahead I'm just
thinking you know if I am a victim of
Harvey Weinstein's and I read what
Angela Lansbury says I'm like what are
you talking about I
in this industry because I think that
I'm good enough to be in films and what
and and I have to then take
responsibility for that I think it's a
crisis in our country and I think Ron
you put it perfectly earlier but that
you know it's really shining a light on
this problem and that it's not over and
we still need to deep dig a little
deeper to this because it's not going
away as long as they're people in
positions of power they're going to take
advantage of the people that are beneath
them yeah that's that's a fact that
that's for sure
I mean look at our country how they're
taken advantage of the whole middle
class and underclass I mean what chance
do we have
yeah I just got look forward to you know
the next newscast that talks to you know
about how did the horrible of sexual
harassment in our culture and then they
throw it to a commercial from Carl's jr.
right yes anyway gosh yeah and you know
when when am I gonna find out what's
going on with Kim Kardashian it's a
weird culture where I know
so I guess December 4th to Monday Jen
cougar is our special guest on our live
Jimmy Dore show that's in Burbank
California linked for tickets right
there that's gonna be a great show also
please make sure you subscribe and click
the bell so you may get you get a notice
whenever we drop a video lots of people
tell us that they're unsubscribed from
our show and they didn't do it and they
don't get notices so please make sure
you subscribe click the bell make sure
if you already are subscribed make sure
you are still okay you know what I'm
saying and thanks for your support
you
