hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guest you know I'm
from Mystery Science Theater 3000 and
he's now touring the country what did
you call that show the Mads are back the
Mads are back it's Frank Conniff ladies
and gentlemen hi Frank how are you hello
there yeah so the Mads are back and that
you you do basically mystery science
mystery science theater traceable you
and I who we both play the mad
scientist's on the show that's why we're
called the Maggs we just sit very simple
we show a shitty movie and comment on it
and do mystery science theater style
commentary that's the whole show and
loving it and you guys are playing to
sold-out theaters you're there this
weekend you're in Santa Ana right yeah
at the Frida cinema in Santa Ana which
is not far from Los Angeles that's right
everybody check it out what's your
website on the mad subha calm we have a
lot of gigs coming up so check it out
okay I'm on out we'd love to see you
the Mads are back calm check it out
alright so this this is a great story
when I was I say great I mean disgusting
you've heard about this woman right so
she so this is the tweet it says so my
little cousin was selling water and
didn't have a permit so this lady
decided to call the cops on an
eight-year-old hashtag permit Patty's
she started it she sat at the Hat she
started the hashtag you want to see the
the video yes girl
water she called police on an
eight-year-old girl you got all you want
oh we're all gonna see you boob on my
property so just so funny that she's
trying to hide she's she knows so that
into what does that indicate to you
Frank to me it indicates that she knows
she's doing something wrong
and she doesn't want to be seen on film
doing it right so she's hiding
yeah she's hiding good then she gets she
realized wow this is a really crappy
hiding place
I'd better get up and plus I love her
outrage yeah selling water without a
permit yes if like every person who
walks down the street and sees a kid
with a lemonade stand is gonna be
outraged like that you know I'm guessing
that it was a person of color who was
selling yes the water yes it was that
was a young girl of color it was an
eight-year-old named Jordan Austin she
was selling water without an official
license that's outrageous and that
woman's name this is Alison Edel she
called the cops on an eight-year-old
girl for selling water and I guess it
was really hot in San Francisco that day
unusually hot so she's selling bottled
water for two dollars a bottle in front
of her house in San Francisco and she's
using that money to save up for a trip
to Disneyland which is just so sinister
oh how dare she I what I want to know is
there was this and the other barbeque
Betty or whatever the name was yes in
Oakland why are we fire racist
conservatives moving to San Francisco
[Music]
get that why would you go there I don't
know dad maybe it's much more right wing
than we than we give it credit for
well I'm sure there's lots of Trump
voters and yeah there's there's
certainly a lot of Republicans and Trump
voters in San Francisco but when I was a
kid you could sell rice-a-roni on the
street of San Francisco no one would
hassle a boy rice-a-roni the San
Francisco class and there'll be lots
more of those incredibly dated
references so her name is Allison Edel
she is the CEO of treat well health trea
tea well health that's they sell edibles
but get this edibles for your pets
right for your dog right like if you
have a dog who needs some some marijuana
medicine he makes the edible for your
dime I get that from my cats but but
then isn't there she doesn't have a
permit for that right kind of yeah I
read somewhere that
shit's not on the up-and-up of her
selling that so well here we go let's
see what's let's see there's more let's
watch it again because this is pretty
fantastic there's a bigger version so
does she see her so she sees that she's
being videotaped and immediately feels
not oh my god this would be bad for me
so she try watch her try to duck down
like a little kid like she's in grammar
school oh wow you can't if I could see
you you can't see me this is her move
watch her move playing a game of
peekaboo ch very nice but obviously
there was like something that happened
before the video where she went up to
the kid and confronted the kid yeah she
went up to the kid and said do you have
a permit and then that woman who I guess
is her aunt one of them said leave my
kids leave this my niece alone get away
from us and so that's when she called
the cops
she's like I'm calling the cops and
let's watch it some more sir oh you kind
all you want the whole world don't see
you boo on my property and then she then
she pretends like she's not embarrassed
and she gets up acting like yeah but
I'll say it right to you I was telling
water without a permit mm-hmm maybe she
does that white person smiles right and
she got let off for easy because the
barbecue Betty woman just continued to
follow her with the video camera this
woman I guess this is the only footage
yeah yeah there is no there was
yeah the barbecue Betty they get they
were on her they went through when the
cops showed up the whole thing she
started crying that was one yeah crying
BBQ baby huh so get this I don't know if
you know this part of the story that
woman says this she says that there was
no racial component in her choice to
call the police I'm gonna give you the
double CK on that one I'm sure if it was
a blonde kid and they hear a blonde girl
you would have called the cops on an
eight-year-old blonde girl hmm
yeah do you think I don't think so yeah
she says her decision was stress-related
that's believable you know when I when
people are selling and buying water
around me it just like gets me really
tense
yes I'm keyed up he's got a cup of water
over here I can't handle it oh well you
know I was just I was getting massaged
the other day and he's like you're
really tight I'm like people have been
selling water of water you know the
human body is made up of 80% of racism
[Laughter]
so her decision to call the cops or says
was stress-related because of noise
being made by Jordan on the street no
much noise eight-year-old kids make when
they're sitting there by themselves
selling bottled water well they're
selling bottled water that's because
they're not making noise that's right
why is this like they're listening to
the radio or they're skateboarding how
annoying that can be but play or playing
the hitting empty bumpers yeah nothing
it's just like a kid who's involved in
commerce who yeah I just want to sit
down and sell some water so I can go to
Disneyland
it's it's like the most well behaved
kind of behavior you can expect from a
kid yeah and and she's like oh the noise
I think by noise like when she sees
someone who's black it like reverberates
in her ears she gets extra sensitive
ears yeah whenever I'm around dark melon
not too much melanin it excites the
black people give her tinnitus it really
excites the tentacules yes in her ear
it's not that she was selling water it
was the noise that made her call the
police yeah was that Lee it was the
noise I bet you that was the least noisy
thing happening in that neighborhood at
that moment yeah you know we I live in a
city it's you just getting used to noise
is just a part of it so whenever a
Harley goes by she calls the cops yes
this noise too much noise from his
Harley going button she says I
completely regret that I handled that so
poorly she said claiming that she only
pretended to phone the police why would
you hire
behind the wall if you were pretend you
are actually doing what you were
pretending to do right you were doing it
you weren't pretending and she's a liar
she's a bad liar on top of it right I
should have never confronted her that
was a mistake a complete mistake yeah
she doesn't say that was rude of me
that was I could see how people would
interpret that is she just goes that was
a mistake it was a mistake because
someone videotaped you and now people
are aware of what a gross human being
you are calling the cops on an
eight-year-old girl selling water in the
middle of the summer I only pretended to
call the police to intimidate little kid
I was pretending I was only reason she
feels that it's a mistake is because now
her face is plastered everywhere that's
why she feels oh it was a mistake Alison
told The Huffington Post that she has
been receiving death threats online get
this she says she feels discriminated
against for her mistake for her booboo I
mean why doesn't she just put it that
way she is getting death threats and
people have weapons
my advice there is to hide behind a wall
yeah maybe call the police not those
people because that would be a case you
should call the police when you get a
death threat not when there's an
eight-year-old girl trying to raise
money for a Disneyland trip selling
water on the street maybe that would be
when you call the cops yeah you stupid
racist because that's what that is
you stupid dehydrated racist yeah so
here someone tweeted this out she sells
weed but has a problem with an
eight-year-old black girl selling water
all right so this is her cannabis
edibles 4/20 say hi to Alison at the
treat well booth and get ganga
gingerbreadmen ganja sorry get ganja
gingerbread man with 20 milligrams of
THC as featured on high times calm also
try treat well CBD tinna cure tink-tink
chair for prep for pets Wow now is now
is the visit for humans and pets that
she's selling the stuff or just for pets
sounds like for both but I
right what I've read is that she
specializes in selling it for pets
now I I'm not well-versed in this so I
know that people use marijuana medically
I know people use edibles I I'm not sure
it's ever a good idea to give your pet
edible why would you want to get your
dog high yeah dogs are already high yeah
no in the way they behave and that's it
you know your dog needs a hit or I don't
know animal it seems weird it seems
weird to give your dog edibles yeah it
seems weird so what do you want your dog
to have munchies they can't stop eating
so holla holla holla black girl magic we
didn't retweeted that and said this is
why gentrification is a form of violence
this white woman is selling weed and
profiting while blacks while black folks
sit in prison for life for the same
thing that's a great point
but then she calls the cops on a little
black girl selling bottled water yeah
hashtag permit Patti so that's a good
point but here's some good mm-hmm
we've had some good fun we've made some
nice jokes about her but here's the good
part here's a happy ending the woman who
called police on an eight-year-old loses
business relationship with marijuana
dispensary yeah that good news that is
it it's also like how do you lose your
gig at the pot I was being really
irresponsible so they fired me yeah that
seems like that would be a chill place
to work yeah so then that the marijuana
dispensary placed tweet this is an
Instagram photo they put a picture of
her isn't it funny how much she looks
like the woman from Oakland yeah a
barbecue later yeah they looked a lot
like they have the same kind of
hairstyle it's hard for me to tell them
apart Jimmy same kind of rotten look on
their face always kind of permanently
plastered on their face here but here's
what it says I'll retail read it to you
just some of it just some of it I'll
read it says as of today Magnolia will
no longer be carrying treat well
tincture
after seeing this video of her of their
CEO calling the police on an
eight-year-old entrepreneur selling
water on a hot day we decided without
hesitation that we could no longer
patronize her company to our amazing
patients who use the treat well products
please know we are working to ensure we
can bring on some new amazing and
ethical brands treat well was one of our
best-selling products but to us
integrity is always before profits for
our remaining inventory we are doing
blowout deals and donating all the
proceeds to a local nonprofit we would
love to donate to an organization that
provides opportunities to young women of
color interested in becoming
entrepreneurs if you have any
suggestions on nonprofits for us to
donate to or licensed and compliant
tincture companies please tag them below
so that's what they said turns out I
read the whole thing so that's that's
good news good for them that and they're
gonna put a big discount by the way
their products were good sell a big
seller yeah yeah I guess the dog is the
talk though so that's I don't know yeah
that kind of restores my faith in
humanity that just a an eight-second
video yeah can make its rounds and but I
think because we've seen this enough now
right well you know what's weird is that
you remember how like when cell phones
first came along that if you saw someone
on a cell phone you just thought they
were an like people on the
street yeah this is kind of like a
return to that now they've made people
with cell phones seem like
again I remember one time I was at a cat
in the fiddle and I had just gotten a
cell phone and some people came in that
I knew from show business and this is
back in the 90s like nine and I was on
the phone and I saw him like oh I gotta
finish this conversation before they
think I'm an for talking on my
phone inside I think I'm a jerk and
that's how people used to I used to
because it wasn't as common back then
yeah it wasn't and you and the people
who first used them were like kind of
came off as like high powered yes people
the kind of people making deals on the
phone would ever
and then I remember when when I kind of
got sick of people giving me about
using my cell phone the joke I wrote is
I saw a guy waiting for a bus using his
cell phone it's not a big deal anymore
folks yeah that was why come on in in LA
waiting for a bus using itself but I
think it's okay that we can all use them
now anyway but here we go so it's nice
that what was her name again
her name was what was her name her name
was Edel her name is was it Allison
it was Allison mindomo a little girl
Felton water she called police on a roll
oh girl you want the whole world I'll
see you boo on my property also a people
into pot you always think are like cool
and yeah you think they're cool in there
they're mellow they don't not rigid they
don't get uptight about stuff laid-back
how good could a pot be if a kid selling
water stresses her well here's the
interesting thing about her this woman
who's never used pot that's all that
might be her problem that might be her
problem maybe try some weed and you
probably have a different outlook on
everything especially eight-year-old
girls selling water you know I think
this is also interesting right now is
where the woman uh Allison yeah that she
tells the other woman it's not your
property now that's a pretty big
assumption right well yeah I guess
they're all renters maybe but but it's
also another assumption about the status
of this other person right yes yeah
that's what I can't be a homeowner yeah
I'll tell you I not in San Francisco
it's not your property
mm-hmm no weird I the ironic thing is if
you smoke or pot you end up her dog pot
you end up licking water out of a bowl
[Music]
folks please make sure you're subscribed
even if you think you are you probably
aren't subscribed all you have to do is
check it takes a second then you have to
click that Bell so they send you a
notice whenever we drop a video so they
don't always do that but that's the only
way we can fight back and we'll see you
July 15th in Chicago only a few tickets
left for that and don't forget every
Saturday 2:00 p.m. Pacific well
this Saturday no most Saturdays we do a
livestream at 2:00 p.m. on Saturdays
most Saturdays we do a livestream at
2:00 p.m. on Saturdays 2:00 p.m. Pacific
time and if you can become a patron to
help support the show we appreciate it
we give you hours of bonus material
every week thanks for your support
[Music]
