hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and ron plaque oh hello Jimmy hi hey Ron
so we told you about the Russian
investigation since it started that it
was the whole thing was thought up by
Robby Mook and John Podesta as a way to
cover up for their election failures
losing to a political novice when they
had every democratic politician and
every news media outlet on their side
okay and they still lost that's how
that's how repulsive the Democratic
agenda and Hillary Clinton was to voters
in America and half the people didn't
even vote so they came up with this idea
it serves many purposes this idea of oh
well let's all talk about the election
meddling of the Russians like the
Russians are the problem that's the real
problem not that we get our choices was
a political novice game show host clown
racist and a proven corporatist
war mongering in bed with Wall Street
lying screwing over the people she
exploded the prison populations
irregular you know the whole thing those
are our two choices that's the problem
and that Hillary Clinton pulled off the
biggest election fraud in the history of
this country by screwing over Bernie
Sanders in the primary they don't talk
about that at all
they only want to talk about Russia cuz
it serves all their purposes in fact an
innate and they've rehabilitated the
horrible people from the Bush
administration they're all part of a war
crime in ization I yearn for the days of
those guys I miss those days
so here's Richard painter he is the he's
the he was the ethics lawyer for George
W Bush and he's really upset at the
malfeasance happening inside the Trump
administration the lawlessness
he's upset at the lawlessness you know
the guys you work for were war criminals
bonafide legit war criminals and your
job was
shielding them from the law but that was
your gig so here's what he says about
Trump here we go well we know there was
collusion the president have denied all
he wants but we have the meeting at
Trump Tower which was already debunked
as BS he still bringing it up the
Russian agents we have mr. Papadopoulos
who had his Russian handler the
professor they called him over in London
and now he just said pop and I had a pet
of Professor handler what does that mean
he talked to a guy in a bar that's what
that me at prompt monopolist had a rush
and professor handler what did he do
what did that mean
of course that doesn't mean anything
which is why he says it like that but it
sounds ominous right yes it sounds
ominous a cart popper not because he
knows how to do propaganda to confuse
the public because that's the whole
thing his administration did was do
propaganda meaning lying to the public
to confuse them about the facts and
that's what he's doing right now well we
know there was collusion what let's
listen to him say it again well we know
there was collusion the president had
denied only wants but we have the
meeting in Trump Tower with Russian
agents we have mr. Papadopoulos who had
his Russian handler the professor they
called him over in the London and now
we've got gates at his Russian agent
contact and that probably is only the
beginning of it yeah I covered up war
crimes for the Bush administration and
you're telling me I just need to do the
mental gymnastics to make Trump look bad
this is a cakewalk rapper bar well guess
what this is from the Washington Post
this week Muller told Trump's attorneys
the president remains under
investigation but is not currently a
criminal target two years in
two years in they've been investigating
this guy they had a wiretap on his
entire campaign and his entire campaign
they typed and they tapped Trump they
tapped everybody two years later not
currently a criminal target Russia
Russia Russia Russia Russia just a
matter of type he did it
remember people would say that he did it
what was it they would never tell me
what it was he did it that's what they
would say he did it did what
hey I'm at the Trump Tower that he
Papadopoulos and that need to talk to
people in Russia and he also opened up
eight businesses in Saudi Arabia during
the campaign but you never bring that up
just Russia so there it is let's see
what this it this says let's see what
this article says special counsel Robert
Mueller or Muller inform president
Trump's attorneys last month that he is
continuing to investigate the president
but did not consider him a criminal
target at this point two years after
having it a FISA secret tap on all their
stuff and you know what they're gonna
get him on you're gonna get they're
gonna try to get him on obstruction
they're gonna try to get him on the line
they're gonna try to get him on all that
stuff they always get people on that
have nothing to do with the central
crime he was originally accused of which
was treason in private negotiations in
early March about a possible
presidential interview Muller described
Trump as a subject of his investigation
at a Russian interference in the 2016
election prosecutors view someone
prosecutors view someone as a subject
when that person has engaged in conduct
that is under investigation but there is
not sufficient evidence to bring charges
so they've had almost two years two
years their subject is Donald Trump
Donald Trump Donald Trump is about as
subtle as a horse taking a in the
middle of Manhattan right he's that son
shoots in two years they don't have
sufficient evidence really they're still
going over over Donald Trump who
everybody
is a big and he's such an idiot
and erect he still got nothing on him
two years
that's three the special counsel also
told Trump's lawyers that he is
preparing a report about the president's
actions while in office and potential
obstruction of justice so again it's not
about the thing here we're going after
him for something else of course of
course now I told you before we showed
you that the former deputy director of
the CIA Mike Morell was interviewed was
it by Fox doesn't matter who he was
interviewed by but he admitted that he
doesn't think that Trump did anything
began there's not going to be any
evidence to show that he'd committed
treason and hacked helped Russia hack
the election that's the deputies direct
former deputy director the CIA said this
because he said if there was evidence it
already been leaked and every reporter
in the country has been working on this
for two years and they found nothing
and he says so I'm guessing there won't
ever be anything he says there probably
isn't anything there what they will get
trump on is obstruction of justice lying
to that so that's exactly what's
happening and you can do this to anybody
you put an investigator on 'theme they
impeach Bill Clinton do you remember
that because they had a special
investigator looking into him what
started out as a an innocent
investigation over some land deal and
then I had to do with a blow job in the
White House what and they got Bill
Clinton for lying under oath about a
 in the White House mala
reiterated the need to interview Trump
both to understand whether he had any
corrupt intent intent to thwart the
Russian investigation and to complete
this portion of his probe the
wide-ranging Special Counsel
investigation which began as an
examination of Russia the wide-ranging
why would it be wide right why would it
be these specified narrow and scope
special investigation wouldn't you want
that wouldn't you want that it to be
that I would the highly concentrated
narrow and scope special investigation
but it's not the wide-ranging Special
Counsel investigation which began as an
examination of Russia's interference in
the 2016 election has expanded in other
areas do you know they got rid of the
special prosecutor after Bill Clinton
and this is why because you appoint up a
special investigator to any of these
criminals any of these politicians in
Washington and they're gonna find
criminality cuz they're all corrupt
Barack Obama's busy doing a half million
dollar speeches right now for banks
Trump's attorneys expect the president
would also face questions about what he
knew and about contacts by his
associates with Russian officials and
emissaries in 26 days about the
president's allies believe a second
report detailing the special counsels
findings on Russia's interference would
be issued later the president has
privately expressed relief at the
description of his legal status which
has increased his determination to agree
to a special counsel interview he has
repeatedly told allies that he is not a
target of the probe and believes an
interview will help him put the matter
behind him friends said he has said that
and now Muller is confirming it and by
wrong that's what this is right Trump
has said this all along that he's not a
target and then everybody makes fun of
them for saying that and then here it is
the Washington Post reporting that
Muller said he's not a target these guys
suck so hard that they make Trump look
like a truth-teller that's how bad the
Washington Post Muller MSNBC CNN that's
how bad all these places suck
make Trump look like a truth-teller god
damn they suck however legal experts
said Muller's description of Trump as a
subject of a grand jury probe does not
mean he is in the clear
Oh two years and I don't know we got a
wiretap but he still we still might find
something under Justice Department
guidelines a subject of an investigation
is a person whose conduct falls within
the scope of a grand jury's
investigation a target is a person for
which there is substantial evidence
linking him or her to a crime so he's
not a target hmm which which according
to their definitions means there is not
substantial evidence linking Trump to a
crime that's what that means
complete surveillance yet every phone
call text email of everybody in his
campaign and nothing a subject could
become a target with his or her own
testimony legal experts say so if he
goes and testifies the chances are he'll
say something stupid and open himself up
to more in prosecution for lying or
wonder or whatever and that's exactly
what they're hoping and that's exactly
what they want you know I mean you go
but I mean you brought a pill Clinton
yeah it's like what ended up happening
well he talked himself the wrong way
yeah and that's what they ended up
getting him for they're hoping for the
same thing here depends on what your
definition of is is that's what Bill
Clinton said remember it appends that
what your definition of is is so here we
are same stuff we got rid of the special
prosecutor now it's back and this is the
results and everybody's but the hair on
fire Trump is a material can't Trump
Rasta tub and no one will pay a price
for it and Trump will probably get
charged with some lesser crime and
everyone will go haha I told you and it
puts people like me who want to have
honest discussions about this stuff in
positions of having to look like worse
somehow defending Trump no we're again
pointing out how the establishment lies
no matter who it is
this Trump a liar of course is the
establishment lying about it yes WMDs
all over again and we I got to tell you
who Muller is remember who Muller is
director Kenan is pointed out secretary
Powell presented evidence last week that
Baghdad has failed to disarm its weapons
of mass destruction willfully attempting
to evade and deceive the international
community our particular concern is that
Saddam Hussein may supply terrorists
with biological chemical or radiological
material that's who bowler is that's
what the establishment is and that's
what they're doing again and it's
disgusting there's so and you know why
because they don't oppose Trump on his
Wall Street deregulation they don't
oppose him on spending seven hundred
billion dollars two hundred billion more
than we did at the height of the Iraq
war on our military they don't oppose
him on that that's why they don't know
the Democrats aren't even pushing for
single-payer or free college or a living
wage that's who these people are two
years yeah it turns out I don't have any
evidence on him
son of a we're hoping he talks himself
into a trap now yes otherwise we're
gonna look really bad
yes okay I hope you enjoyed this story
I'm sure that's exactly how the
reporting this at CNN and MSNBC and your
other lefty news stations on the
internet you know the you know those
shows nerds being boring that's my
favorite one that's my favorite one
[Laughter]
so this is when I tell you June
thirtieth we're in Portland Oregon
there's a link for tickets right there
please make sure you're subscribed click
that Bell you have to click the bell
that's how you get a notification when
we drop videos you have to click the
Bell please do so
then become a patron and we'll send you
bonus of material hours of it every week
and we're on steam it we're steaming it
right now what happens on Saturdays
Jimmy Saturdays we do will su super
check livestream at two o'clock solid
chat on Saturdays and you can ask us
questions and we answer them back that's
on Saturdays 2 p.m. Pacific time we
livestream our solid chat Saturday
[Music]
