you know I like predatory capitalist
just as much as the next guy Jeff Bezos
is my favorite she's the richest guy in
the world and he owns the Washington
Post he's in bed with the CIA to two to
six hundred million dollars and he sits
on the Pentagon board and he hollows out
local communities through Amazon using
non-union overworked underpaid workers
in that great Jeff Bezos the kind of guy
who'd rather put an ambulance outside of
the fulfillment center instead of
airconditioning the fulfillment center
he'd rather rushed the people who pass
out to the emergency room that's who
amazon.com is that's who Jeff Bezos is
not a nice person he's kind of like the
Beatles of predatory capitalism yes yeah
very very well put he's like The Beatles
yes he is and now here comes an
investigative story from the mirror in
the UK Amazon drivers forced to deliver
200 parcels a day with no time for
toilet breaks while earning less than
the minimum wage isn't that a great way
to build an economy right go well you
can get adult diapers for really cheap
on Amazon yeah that's the eyes the irony
right but then somebody has to deliver
it while pissing themselves isn't that
ironic
yeah drivers are being asked to deliver
up to 200 parcels a day for Amazon while
earning less than the minimum wage a
Sunday Mirror investigation reveals
today many routinely exceed the legal
maximum shift of 11 hours and finish
their days dead on their feet this is
amaz this is in UK yet they have so
little time for food or toilet stops
they snatch hurried meals on the run and
urinate into plastic bottles they keep
in their vans one worker told us Amazon
sent an email to all managers to try to
stop drivers carrying bottles filled
with urine the security guards were
reporting people for it Wow imagine if
you're one of those security guards you
decided to narc on your buddy because
he's so overworked he had to piss in his
own truck and you're gonna narc out him
and how about Jeff Bezos this is a great
way he's a great capitalistic people
love this guy be
Belov Jeff Bezos like he's not a piece
of it he is a piece of it
this guy's horrible for the Cata me he's
horrible for a country for culture he's
horrible for workers he's horrible for
news he's horrible for everything if you
want to know what the CIA's view of
historias read the Washington Post now
and this is what they're doing
it gets worse they say they often break
speed limits to meet targets that take
no account of delays such as ice traffic
jams or road closures employment law
specialists Nigel McKay has laid out a
raft of employment complaints and claim
the workers are mislabeled as
self-employed so bosses can deny them
rights so instead of treating them like
employees they do the thing at FedEx
does that in the United States so UPS
actually their drivers are all employees
and their union their Teamsters FedEx
treats all their drivers like private
contractors so they're not employees
they're contractors so they're not
covered by any employee rules or
anything and that sounds like what
Amazon is doing in the UK I'm sure
they're doing it here too and a leading
union has called on Amazon's u.s.
founder Jeff Bezos 53 years old the
world's richest man who last year made
1.6 million pounds an hour think about
how much money that is yeah I mean
that's
isn't that like that's over 2 million
dollars an hour right yeah yeah that's
definitely over 2 million dollars an
hour because the pound is yeah yeah the
pounds worth twice as much as the dollar
12 it's a fool yeah it's it's definitely
close if it's not a fool we're not math
surgeons on the show yeah I'm not a math
surgeon and Amazon spokesman added ready
for this as independent contractors of
our delivery providers drivers deliver
at their own pace take breaks at their
discretion and are able to choose the
suggested route or develop their own and
I bet they get to laying a hammock well
they're doing it too right
according to Amazon we give them
tropical drinks foot massages
away in a hammock while they're
delivering our packages there no one's
overworked at Amazon
what would give you the idea that Amazon
is it good to their workers where would
you get that idea
ignore everything you hear on a daily
basis and read in the newspapers you see
on television and hear on podcasts and
YouTube just ignore that because the
guide Amazon says they're allowed to
make their own schedules yeah this has
been part of like the logistics work
culture and particularly in the United
States I mean it's really sad to see
this going on in other countries to that
that's spreading like a virus but yeah
you first of all you hide under the
guise well they're they're contractors
so they're not really beholden they're
not employees they're contractors and
then oh yeah they can make their own
schedules yeah what happens though is
you hand them this route that they have
to meet that is borderline physically
impossible to meet and then say here
make your own schedule you work it out
yeah you work it out breaks as you want
yeah you just don't come back here
unless you delivered all that stuff
mmhmm yeah you got to do this in 8 hours
and you have a 750 nine minutes worth of
deliveries to do with no breaks but take
your own breaks
here's that they are article goes on
Amazon provides the drivers with the
route they must follow is according to
the mirror this is what they say Amazon
provides the drivers with the route they
must follow and there are strict
conditions on how they should deliver
parcels if the drivers return to the
Amazon Depot without having made enough
attempts to deliver parcels or if they
can't work for any reason they risk
having their pay cut being fined or
denied future shifts because of this the
drivers who get paid a flat daily rate
can end up working extremely long days
often without breaks the resulting
hourly rate can be very low once you
take into account expensive van rental
agreements and the cost of fuel how can
Amazon get away with this well it's
because it uses subcontractors to employ
these drivers keeping them at arm's
length so Ingo Amazon hires another
company who then hires these guys that's
what they're saying they hire a
subcontractor who then hires these guys
so they have one day but a buffer they
have a buffer in between them and the
horrible practices that they're doing
Danis it's a multi-layered buffer to
because you know heaven forbid they
would actually have like a logistics
department bring these people his
employees make them feel part of the
company and treat them right right
god forbid mm-hmm and and I by the way
Jeff Bezos worth over a hundred billion
dollars he could pay every one of his
drivers probably a million dollars and
he would still have about 90 billion
dollars yeah this is just it's just
gross that the most gross greed
accumulate the most conspicuous
consumption in the world is happening
right now you thought the Gilded Age was
bad
this is worse we're actually living in
worse times as far as income inequality
and conspicuous consumption than the
grilled adage and everyone's applauding
it like this is how it's supposed to
happen this is what it this is what Jeff
Bezos does he hollows out local
communities tax base because he gets
sweetheart deal on the taxes he doesn't
have to put up brick and mortar so all
those paper go out of business and then
he comes in and he opens his old
business he's opening up book stores now
after he put borders out of business and
all the other and Barnes and Nobles and
everybody else out of business he's
coming up he's opening Amazon bookstores
did you know that so again he's worth
over a hundred billion not million
billion which means he probably could
pay each one of his drivers a million
dollars and still have about ninety
billion dollars but it's not gonna do
that
on top of that this is how it ends on
top of that the companies they use treat
their drivers of self employed
independent contractors similar to how
Eber treats its drivers you can't get
rid of uber there's no there's no uber
in England I didn't know I didn't know
that yep Chuck make sure I'm right about
that please but I'm almost 100% sure
uber drivers which and on which an
unemployment tribunal has already held
to be unlawful in another claim brought
by the GMB
so I don't know how Jeff may like how
could you make a hundred how could you
be worth a hundred billion dollars and
then know that your own drivers who are
earning you that money have to pee in
bottles and make less than minimum wage
like that's a psychopath but that's what
this economy that's what capitalism
rewards Psychopaths Wall Street also
rewards Psychopaths they say on average
one in a hundred people are psychopaths
except for Wall Street ten out of 100
are psychopaths why is that because it
rewards psychopathic behavior having
absolutely absolutely absolutely no
consideration for your former fellow
human beings none everything's
commodified no one gets to have a decent
life except the guy at the top so was I
right about that Ron yeah well it's
definitely it's not in London and
there's certain like UK cities are
slowly banning it like one at a time all
right it looks like it's not all of the
UK yet so lovely London okay then other
cities are following suit now so okay so
you know half of all online purchases in
the United States go through Amazon so
and we have an Amazon link that we tell
people if you're gonna use we don't
encourage anybody to shop at Amazon
but if you're gonna anyway why not have
some of that money go to this show and
then we can make videos telling
everybody about how shitty Amazon is and
maybe we'll get a Teddy Roosevelt that
comes along and breaks up these
monopolies but there that's not I don't
know if that's gonna head doesn't look
like it Jeff Bezos is in bed with the
CIA you want to with him he's gonna
have to see a with you
that's that move that's that's not
hyperbole all right CIA likes
with people and Barack Obama made it
possible for the Cena all the metadata
that the NSA is collecting on everybody
every email telephone call and tax do
you make it gets collected you know
who's now allowed to go through all that
the CIA that used to be illegal CIA
wasn't supposed to be able to spy on our
own citizens Barack Obama changed that
and then handed that to trump
and this is the guy who's in bed with
the CIA Jeff Bezos mr. hundred
billionaire who makes his money off of
guys having to in bags and pee in
bottles while they deliver your products
he's got his hands in all goods and
services he's got his hand in food he's
got his hand in news and information
right this guy if this guy controls the
currency in water he's gonna be Emperor
of the world look he's got his head he's
neck he's got his hand in the
intelligence network community he's got
his hands in the newspaper but the
business I mean he's got the most
important newspaper write him down in
the New York Times so I don't I don't
know how much you know the French
Revolution really did happen it really
did happen and how much longer do you
think guys like that they're gonna take
it from pieces of crap like Jeff Bezos
right I I think once his face is on the
$1 bill people might be like oh we let
this go too far this has gone too far
don't just don't I mean you guys see the
the problem with half of all online
purchases going through amazon.com right
you see that that's a problem
I don't send these on flicks of interest
arise so the thing that people said they
hate socialism and cut cuz you don't get
any choice you get what the government
says we want capitalism so we get choice
that's why half of all purchases go
through amazon.com you know choice you
know we get choice you can either use
Amazon or not that's your choice so we
need a revolution in this country we
really need I just interviewed Nadia
from Riot and you know well-well
get we're gonna have that video coming
up we have to edit it but you know
people are there's lots of people
willing to go to prison to change the
system and we need to do that in the
United States we need to have people in
the street and as soon as I figure out
how to get people in the street I will
try because we need to you know and then
there's anyway I don't want to mix
stories because I just I'm getting very
close to it but
again yeah and then you're left in
situations where you have to use Amazon
you know I want to just say that a lot
of people will say you know well he's a
job creator I I would contend that for
sure he's he's job crusher he's the
opposite exactly and he's enslaving a
modern culture yes
through his awful practice this is his
predatory capitalism or some people call
capitalism well let's talk about what's
going on right now and then you know and
I want to get to but but all the cities
that are bidding right now to bring
Amazon right into their town and and
people are talking about the economic
benefits and this never ahem and and
well that's the thing that like in the
LA and if you talk to somebody that
really is on the inside of those types
of jobs like cuz they're bringing higher
level jobs yes but they're like yeah
there's no way these cities are offering
these these crazy offers and what
they're gonna get back as far as the
people living and working there and what
they contribute to the local economy
it's gonna be like a drop in the bucket
yeah whatever city gets that will regret
it in the long run guarantee I get but
but short-term politician could go I got
I got Amazon here I got us new job
exactly it's it's it's just window
dressing I mean that's really all it is
and then you know like I mean I my
families in Pittsburgh they're all
rooting for this thing and I'm like I
you guys are gonna regret it you guys
it's not gonna help they're like oh
little we're gonna come back and buy a
house of it I'm like no no and in my
cousins unless they own an ambulance
company maybe if they own a told me they
could they'll make a lot of money
parking it outside the Amazon
Fulfillment Center
well the ironic thing is nobody was on
my side except for my two cousins that
are engineers that actually could get
some of the jobs that they're bringing
in right they were the ones that were
like yeah Ron's is right it's a what
these cities are offering and what
they're gonna get in return is like
nothing like like it's like yeah it's of
course they're gonna regret it and you
know I'm sure everybody over at MSNBC
screaming about it
no they're not we just have to tell them
jeff bezos it's a Russian spy maybe tell
ya those met with a lawyer from Russia
once five years ago and then tell Rachel
Maddow and she'll do a story on Jeff
Bezos was he at the same table as Putin
in any point what I was there a photo
was there I don't know what I liked is
all those stories in the Washington Post
about how shitty Jeff Bezos is that's
what I like he doesn't control the
Washington Post that's why when you read
the watch the post I tell you all this
stuff right let me tell you any of this
stuff the guy runs our economy basically
and there ain't no stories about how
shitty he is in the Washington Post but
the e doesn't control he doesn't control
the Washington Post or their writers
will tell you that's just to go away
they tell you if you bring them go away
their writers tell you that with their
bad skin
go away that's what they say so thanks
for watching the show make sure you're
still subscribed because they're
unsubscribing people from our show as
you know check and make sure you are and
then when click subscribe and click that
bell next to it so you get a notice
every time we drop a video so thank you
for subscribing you could also become a
Premium Member or a patron you can do
premium through PayPal patron through
patreon and we give lots of extra
content every week thanks for your
support
[Music]
