everybody welcome to part two of our
interview with progressive champion
Tulsi Gabbard what really excites me
about you as a politician our two things
the first thing I want to talk to you
cuz it is 911 what is that you so you I
like that you have been calling for
sanity in our foreign policy right and
because our foreign policy now is just
it's regime change regime change regime
change and we're still in Afghanistan
some 17 years later no one knows what
the goal is and we're controlling less
and less of the country so I just wanted
let's just start off by saying how does
howdy
I'm 911 you're a veteran how do you
experience 9/11 ah that's a heavy
question you know there are thousands of
men and women all across this country
like myself who joined the military
after the attacks on 9/11 to go after
those terrorists who attacked us and to
think about how many lives have been
lost since how many American lives how
many first responders lives were lost on
9/11 and since and those who still
suffer from major health problems
because of their responding to that
attack their families veterans who come
home and suffer from visible and
invisible wounds and and every single
American taxpayer who have had trillions
of dollars taken out of their wallets to
pay for these interventionist Wars that
our country has waged since 9/11 looking
and understand understanding in a very
personal way the cost of war it is a
true betrayal to all those who have
sacrificed so much to now sit here on
the anniversary of 9/11 and hear from
our
trees president and his administration
about how they are essentially ready to
wage war against Syria and Russia in
order to stop them from attacking al
Qaeda and Ed Lib in Syria we are in this
situation today because of US policies
in Syria specifically as we're talking
about this situation where you have
twenty to thirty thousand al Qaeda and
other jihadist terrorists who are in
control of this city there are a lot of
civilians there and Trump is now talking
about going to war with these countries
with Syria and Russia if they launch
this attack that they've been talking
about doing against those terrorists in
Italy and he claims to be doing it to
save Syrian civilians however if that
were the case then why did he not why
was he not than the first to stand up
and support the UN's call for
humanitarian corridor for civilians to
evacuate from the city why was he not
the first one calling for an actual
solution to help reduce the amount of
Syrian civilian casualties and so this
this looking for an excuse that the
Trump administration is doing they're
looking for an excuse to basically
launch an attack against Syria and
Russia and my concern is I think they're
doing it for two reasons one is because
if you look back over the last couple of
years the two times that President Trump
has received vast positive reinforcement
from the mainstream media
from Democratic leaders from Republican
leaders have been the two times that
he's launched military attacks against
Syria his poll numbers are dropping so
he's looking with the political
calculation of what what what's the
thing that I know will make it so people
are saying nice things about me again
that's the first reason the second
reason is because there has been this
long slow regime change war happening in
Syria
we've been waging this long war since
2011 and the main ground force in that
war has been al-qaeda and these other
jihadist terrorist groups and so there
have been both direct and indirect
support of these groups fighting on the
ground to overthrow this regime and so
they're concerned that if these
terrorist groups like al-qaeda are taken
out an idli what happens to the Ground
Force fighting to overthrow the Syrian
government and this leads us to the
united states alliance with Saudi Arabia
who would like to see a waha be
extremist government replaced the
government that's in Syria this leads to
the United States alliance with Saudi
Arabia and the atrocities that are
occurring in Yemen so so when you look
at what's happening and the fact that al
Qaeda is stronger today than ever before
it is a true disservice a betrayal and
dishonouring the sacrifices that have
been made by by so many people by every
American so two questions on that why
does why does Saudi Arabia want to
overthrow Assad okay that that would be
my first question because he's not their
puppet they want someone that they can
control okay and well you know Syria is
aligned with Iran which is aligned with
Russia
so there's lots of interests in getting
rid of Assad from Israel to Saudi Arabia
there's a pipeline there's competing
pipelines to bring natural gas to Europe
now Russia sells most of their natural
gas to Europe so they don't want that
pipeline which gives them so they're not
gonna give up on this right so if if
Trump does start a war it'll be a
or like that I don't think that's what
people really for a three type
proportion yes so people don't really
realize that that's what's happening and
that's what's at risk right now everyone
thinks that that'll never happen because
it never happened before but I just want
to show really quickly you tweeted this
out today you said while President Trump
and VP Brad pence give 9/11 speeches
about how much they care about the
victims of al-qaeda's attack on our
country they are simultaneously acting
as protectors of al Qaeda in Syria in
Lib threatening Russia and Syria that if
they attack al Qaeda we will punish them
so you know that's a that's just a plain
fact that's true if anybody just takes
an objective look at the situation but
you get pilloried for saying things like
this all the time like for instance when
you were asking when you were skeptical
of the gas attacks in Syria when you
were rightly skeptical turns out Robert
Fisk has confirmed that those gas
attacks weren't what they were told said
to be and that didn't make any sense
that he would do that he's winning the
war lots of British X foreign ministers
and to heaven and and the head of their
navy had said the same thing this
doesn't make any sense we need to see
evidence well when you ask for evidence
people like Neera tanden said people of
Hawaii second District was it not enough
for you that your representative met
with the murderous dictator will this
move you and it's a it's you saying
you're skeptical of the claims of this
odd use so and then just piggy backing
out at former DNC chair Howard Dean said
this is a disgrace Gabbard should not be
in Congress now that's kind of super
ironic because Howard Dean made his
bones coming at going against the Iraq
war in fact when he was campaigning in
2004 he would start off his campaign
speeches by saying I'm from the
Democratic wing of the Democratic Party
and then they smeared him because he was
against a war just like they're smearing
you just like that like the year somehow
you're in bed with a murderous dictator
and that's the head of the Center for
American Progress which was started by
the Podesta's so Wow
what what is in it for someone like
naira Tannen to smear you for asking for
evidence about Syria I don't know maybe
you should have her on your show some
time and she blasts me on Twitter by the
way I would have run let me just point
out real quick no one would watch she's
talking about the people of Hawaii
second District and I am truly grateful
and honored to have just been reelected
in our in our primary election in August
by eighty-four percent of Hawaii's
second district in a race where I was
challenged by two different people one
of whom was endorsed by the National
Education Association as well as our
Hawaii State Teachers Association
because she disagreed with my anti
regime change war foreign policy and my
strong advocacy particularly in Syria
and so to have that kind of overwhelming
statement of support by the people of
Hawaii that they are seeing through
these critics and the arguments that
they're making and instead taking a
stand for peace understanding the cost
of war I think is is is something that
I'm very grateful for but I think it
also shows that people are smarter
voters are smarter than some folks give
them credit for well it's just I still
just scratch my head like what's at near
tandon who was behind the Iraq war she's
for Libyan war now she's wants more war
in Syria I think she's been - you could
never be discredited in American
politics if you're pro war no matter how
many times you're wrong about it and yet
she wants more war and she's smearing a
veteran you're a veteran she's the head
of a think tank why why would she which
is you know nothing that's like you know
being born that's like being born it's
Chelsea Clinton you're not really
earning my point is what would be in it
for the head of a think tank to be so
hard against a veteran and so pro war in
another country after she just backed if
she cares about people's lives or
you know in the United States supports
73 percent of the world's dictators
right saudi arabia's and here we are
trying to pretend so this is this is
just because so I think this is a bigger
thing I think this is because you are
against money in politics it's true and
therefore money in politics they're all
about money in politics they're there
about corrupting politics they're there
not about helping people or responding
to the electorate or even serving the
people who vote for their
representatives they're all about
keeping money flowing in politics they
don't and and neoliberalism right right
and that's why it's so important for
people to actually look at what
individuals whether people are running
for office or they're in office or their
leaders in politics what do they
actually stand for because you have
these individuals and groups of people
who call themselves progressive but are
some of the first to call for more war
in the guise of humanitarianism that
look at these poor people suffering and
and there are people suffering in other
parts of the world let's go drop more
bombs and try to take away their
suffering and when you look at example
after example after example our actions
US policy interventionist regime change
war policies have made the lives of
people in these other countries far
worse off than they ever were before or
would have been if we had just stayed
out of it
so what that really comes down to is
people with a great deal of power in the
United States to make these decisions
taking devastating actions really to
make themselves feel better because then
they can say well we did something
without ever actually looking through
before taking that action say what will
the consequences of this be first set of
consequences the second set of
consequences all these different ripple
effects that we've seen play out in
places like Iraq in places like Libya
where today after we led the war to
topple Gaddafi we have open human slave
trading going on an open market in
today's society we
more terrorists in Libya today than
there ever were before we essentially
have a failed state and we see much of
the we see much of these detrimental
devastating effects also in Syria so you
think the United States would get tired
of these wars but we're not we're in
Afghanistan 17 years right we're still
in Iraq we're still in doing stuff in
Libya we weren't trying to get it well
Trump announced so we're never gonna
leave Syria we're in Africa we have 7500
troops in Africa that we know of we have
officially somewhere around nine hundred
military bases around the world
unofficially over a thousand because
lots of them are secret Russia has eight
so when did we break through the war
machines propaganda I mean people are
against war in America right so a lot of
people voted for Trump because he said
he was going to be an honor just ranch
honest and a lot of people on the left
want the foreign policy you're talking
about a rational evidence based foreign
policy right and not to do regime change
Wars have for any reason except to our
own security and safety right and the
proof that all these work for me the
proof that all these wars are some
people say they're banker's Wars some
people say they're oil wars something
there's always a money it's always about
a handful of people figure out they can
make money and so we go to war right so
I you know : Paul's chief of staff
admitted that the both the Iraq wars
were over oil right so that that's
Colonel Wilkerson so he figured that out
that these are these are about oil what
when do you think we get tired of these
wars it because we're ending our empire
ironically the same way all empires end
we're overextending ourselves militarily
we have a seven hundred and fifteen
sixteen billion dollar defense to
Pentagon budget which is 40 percent
higher than at the height of the Iraq
war in 2005 we now increased our
Pentagon budget forty
cent did we increase our education
budget 40% did we increase our
infrastructure spending cent no nothing
and nobody gets to there's no debate
over that it just happens so how do we
do this how do how can we pull this off
before our empire ends I think it might
be too late but can we do something
about it it's not too late
really we have to do something about it
failure is not an option okay and more
and more people are becoming more
educated aware and informed about these
consequences of our actions and I think
fewer people are buying into those cheap
arguments that are often made to sell a
war to the American people as you said I
mean there's such a stark difference
between the the hawkish bipartisan
environment in Washington and what I
hear from people both in my home state
of Hawaii as well as people from many
other states in the country people who
span the political ideological spectrum
from very progressive to very
conservative and in anywhere in between
people who stand in agreement with us
about the need to end these
interventionist costly wars that have
cost us trillions of dollars alone since
9/11 where we see the need of how that
money could have been spent right here
at home on things like education on
making sure that our kids in Flint and
Detroit and Hawaii in New York City and
many other places in the country have
access to clean water on building
bridges and infrastructure I mean there
are so many needs that we have in this
country and yet we have spent trillions
of dollars on these interventionist Wars
so that's where a lot of my frustration
in the 2016 presidential debate happened
because you know when I was pushing say
hey bring up more more of these foreign
policy questions oftentimes it was kind
of brushed off by saying oh yeah yeah
yeah that's just one issue but there are
so many other issues ignoring the fact
that as long as we continue to spend
these trillions of dollars
this issue is on these interventionist
Wars this issue of the cost of war is
central to every single other domestic
issue that that we have to deal with as
a country because we can't afford we
can't afford to do both we have a finite
amount of resources and so I think the
more people the more people are paying
attention and I think more people are
now thanks to shows like yours and
others and social media I think there's
access to more information than just
what they're getting through you know
the three cable network news channels
and and again I think we saw a lot of
excitement around these issues in the
2016 election and so we we need to keep
keep this going okay well and that's why
it's important today on days like 9/11
yeah to not only honor those who have
sacrificed and not only honor those who
have been killed but to point out the
current state of affairs and the
hypocrisy that exists within the top
tiers of our government boy it's just I
appreciate your optimism about ending
the wars both we have to pro war parties
I mean the Democratic Party's Pro war
there's no doubt about it and let me
just show you this really quickly before
we get into it I wanted to show you this
is John Kerry so here you he was at a
congressional hearing and he was letting
people know so people don't know what
these wars are about they don't
understand about the petrol dollar they
don't understand why are we in bed with
Saudi Arabia which is a brutal Thea
theocratic dictatorship and we're
against like somebody like Iran who
actually has elections not that they're
perfect or great or anything like what
people don't question like why why is
that and people don't well why why do we
do all these wars at the while we're
doing it at the behest of Saudi Arabia
and Saudi Arabia we've when we went off
the gold standard we went on the petrol
dollar which is now so in Saudi Arabia
sells oil you have to buy it in the
American dollars so that's a big deal
and what we offered them in exchange for
that is that they could use our military
wherever they wanted and you think I'm
kidding here's John Kerry talking about
Saudi Arabia offering to pay for us
to go overthrow Assad here it is respect
to Arab countries offering to bear cost
and to assess the answer is profoundly
yes they have that offer is on the table
so that that he says the countries have
offered to bear the cost that offers on
the table and the congresswoman asked
them to be a little bit more clear and
here we go
the secretary and the the details on the
offer and the proposal on the table what
what are the figures that we're talking
about well we don't know what action
were engaged in right now but they've
been quite significant I mean very
significant in fact some of them have
said that if the United States is
prepared to go do the whole thing the
way we've done it previously in other
places they'll carry that cost that's
how dedicated they are does so there's
John Kerry a guy who became famous
standing up against a war now
he is trying to sell us wars
and he just admitted in public that
Saudi Arabia is willing to bear the cost
of us to overthrow Assad in Syria just
like we've done previously just like we
did in Iraq the first time just like we
did in Iraq the second time I don't know
how much they paid for Libya so people
aren't aware of this are they do you
think people are aware that Saudi Arabia
is making offers and funding our
interventionist Wars did you know those
people aren't most people aren't and
that's that's the shady secret that
people don't talk about in Washington
why do you why do not only do that not
only are they paying for these wars and
using our sons and daughters lives to
carry out their bidding but they're also
paying a lot of these think tanks in
Washington a ton of money to issue
opinions and ideas and plans and
proposals that jive with their agenda so
when you say they you mean the
military-industrial complex they meaning
Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia and the
military-industrial complex but in in
this specific instance of how
Saudi Arabia's using their money to to
