please welcome our guests whistleblower
former CIA agent John Kerry aku for a
year I've been hearing that Trump is
committing treason because he colluded
he worked with people inside the Kremlin
to get damaging information on Hillary
Clinton his political opponent and that
was and so now all of a sudden found out
we found out Hillary Clinton's campaign
actually colluded with people inside the
Kremlin to get damaging information on
Donald Trump and now they've changed the
story a hundred percent they're going no
no it's because Hillary Clinton paid for
it and Donald Trump didn't is that right
that first of all I'm like you've got to
be kidding me that's what you're gonna
try and hang this guy with and number
two do you think that you're gonna
convince half the country that that's
something wrong with that that somehow
Trump is more corrupt than the Democrats
are in this situation right now tell me
first of all is my first assessment of
that correct that they've been saying
one thing for a whole year and now it
comes out that they did the same thing
so they're switching the story is that
happening yes that's exactly what's
happening you know it first of all it's
called opposition research and this is
what campaigns do collusion is an
entirely different thing collusion is is
a conspiracy to subvert our democracy
and you know Rachel Maddow can say all
she wants that the Russians and the
Trump campaign colluded to subvert our
elections in our democracy but you know
she's gonna have to provide some some
evidence and I'd like to know where's
the beef you know we have Jim clapper
the former Director of National
Intelligence who wrote an article in
Politico magazine over the weekend in
which the bottom line is and he actually
says these words he says take my word
for it take your word for it thank you
truth to the American people before
Congress but you want us to take your
word for it
I say this all the time to the CIA told
us for example that there was no torture
program that was a lie the CIA told us
that there was no program of
extraordinary renditions that was a lie
the CIA told us that there was no
Archipelago of foreign secret prisons
that was a lie the CIA told us that
were not hacking into the Senate
intelligence committees computers that
was a lie but that now they want us to
believe that there was collusion between
the Trump campaign and the Russians
please I don't believe anything the CIA
tells us I agree I'm shocked at the
left's of willingness to take the
government's word for it hey seventeen
intelligence agencies oh that turned out
to be a lie - it wasn't seventeen
intelligence agencies it was four which
was really three and by the way every
one of those investigators hand-picked
to do what they wanted them to do so
that's right
so it's shocking to me to see people
even outside of the establishment media
on the left buying this hook line and
sinker because they hate Trump so much
the Washington Post today published an
article that should not have been
published even in the National Enquirer
in which the reporter kept saying well
the indictments that came out today
didn't prove that there wasn't collusion
really is that what we've come to now
Wow that is that's that's kind of
amazing I saw people tweeting I saw a
guy from a big Democratic organization
tweet out a picture of Donald Trump jr.
from 2008 and he asked the question hey
why were you headlining a Real Estate's
summit in Moscow in 2008 I don't know
maybe because he's in real
estate maybe that's why because he's a
real estate developer that's why that's
right so let me so now your organization
the veterans of veteran intelligence
professionals for sanity now you issued
a report that said that the DNC's server
which by the way I want to remind
everybody the charge was that the
russians hacked into the DNC server but
then that the DNC never gave their
server to the FBI or the Department of
Homeland Security to confirm that so now
so the reason so now that's that's an
unconfirmed charge which I'm gonna say
is a lie because the DNC just got caught
lying again for a whole year to the
Congress of congressional investigators
asking about the dossier so they're
proven liars why would you take their
word for it they didn't give their
server over to the DHS or the FBI now
didn't your organization do do some
investigation that proved it couldn't
have been hacked that it had to be
downloaded those emails we asked one of
our members bill Binney Bill's the
former number four at NSA and one of the
country's leading thinkers on issues of
Internet privacy we asked bill to take a
look at the science behind this idea
that the russians hacked into the dnc
computers I'm a layman so I'm gonna put
it in layman terms because I don't
really understand the science of it but
his conclusion is that the information
we know the speed at which the
information was downloaded and the
conclusion is that it could not possibly
have been downloaded remotely the only
way it could have been downloaded at the
speed at which it was downloaded was to
have somebody actually put a USB thumb
drive into a USB port and download it
on-site that's it so we're not talking
about a hack here we're talking about a
whistleblower probably a whistleblower
who was upset at the Democratic Party's
collusion with the with the Clinton
campaign to steal the nomination from
from Oprah say now Trump now you know
the WikiLeaks Julian Assange I saw with
my own eyes intimated on an interview
that the person who did that download or
their or he intimate didn't say he
intimated that their source could have
been set the rich now a lot of people
say that but my question to you John
John wait my question to you on this is
not if it was seth rich or not but why
are we not allowed to ask that question
without being called a kook yes you know
this is another thing is something that
I've learned from the mainstream media
in the last six or eight months as soon
as you mentioned the name seth rich
you're a conspiracy theorist but the
truth of the matter is that it's never
been investigated and if it has been
investigated why has the information why
if the conclusions not been released but
you're exactly right
it could have been set rich i have no
idea i would also like to ask the
democratic party leaders why they
refused to allow the FBI to
those computers and then I'd like to ask
the FBI why they didn't subpoena the
computers they could have done that and
then we could have gotten to the bottom
of this thing so why do you why do you
think the FBI didn't subpoena those
servers I think that that very powerful
interest here in Washington senior
elected officials possibly senior
officials of the Clinton campaign asked
them not to and that you know perhaps
they I'm speculating here but maybe
maybe they said listen this was an
inside job we're gonna take care of it
internally just leave it at that and
then the rumors get started well it was
the rush it was a rush of hakkon the
Democrats do nothing to to disabuse
anybody of that notion so where do you
think this whole investigation will and
I predicted a long time ago that they're
gonna do one of these whitewater
investigations where they start looking
at treason and then they're gonna end up
getting him on oh he laundered money or
he got a he'd but he financed the golf
course with oligarch money that was from
the Mafia so it's gonna be something
like that which is absolutely normal
corruption just like the Clinton
Foundation taking hundreds of millions
of dollars from foreign governments all
around the world right which no one's
the same stuff I have a problem with
that so that's what seems to be
happening do you can you speak about the
uranium one now I've looked into this
there are so many twists and turns about
the uranium one now the story is the
defense of that is that the person who
donated a hundred and forty five million
dollars or the people who donated a
hundred and forty five million dollars
to the Clintons during this time they
had nothing to do with the company they
had sold their stocks in the company so
and so now we're left to believe that
those people who were involved in the
uranium one deal just really really
wanted to help people around the world
and that's why they gave 145 million
dollars to the Clinton Foundation and
there's absolutely no quid pro quo what
do you make to that argument yeah I
think that argument is utter complete
nonsense you know I I hate it when
people make me side with Donald Trump I
really really do me too but but when
Trump tweets you know Congress needs to
investigate the Clinton Foundation we'll
talk about it he's right Congress does
need to
investigate the Clinton Foundation yeah
I've said for years now that there's
really no real difference in Washington
between the Democrats the Republicans
you can take her around the edges but
these these two parties are both you
know enormous corrupt entities that feed
off of each other for example today we
started the day talking about the
benefit indictment right big news mana
Ford has 12 different felony charges
he's gonna die in prison by the end of
the day we were saying well Tony Podesta
had to resign from his own firm because
he's also being implicated at this
investigation and why waits because they
all work together you know that photo
that that circulated around Facebook of
the Trump's and the Clintons together
it's nobody's wedding maybe it was
Trump's wedding and they're laughing off
more than they're laughing and smiling
and they're hugging each other that's
Washington that's real life in
Washington fixes in you know they can
say whatever they want about each other
the truth the matters that they need
each other because they're all corrupt
and they all work together so let's talk
about these indictments real quickly -
first of all I think you are absolutely
right we can talk about collusion and
treason and all these other big words
and and charges but when push comes to
shove what we're gonna see and beyond
the Manafort situation today I'm talking
about Mike Flynn and Carter Page and
others who are likely to be indicted is
we're gonna see indictments based on
what are called throwaway charges we're
gonna see perjury making a false
statement wire fraud Spira see mail
fraud these are charges that prosecutors
usually keep on so they can they drop
the blade during the course of
negotiations what they'll do is they'll
charge you with ten or fifteen or twenty
thousand 'yes but wait until you go
bankrupt they'll wait until you get
desperate and then they'll come back and
say all right we'll dismiss all of these
are just one if you take a guilty plea
and that's why the government
according to Pro Publica 98 between two
purses because they overcharge and then
they drop in exchange for a plea that's
exactly what we're gonna see um I agree
I thought I think that's exactly what
we're gonna see and it's gonna be you
know your basic corruption and if
anybody put a magnifying glass on the
Clinton Foundation you'd see the same
goddamn thing in fact I don't know if
you know this but the WikiLeaks revealed
that Chelsea Clinton was on to the
corruption inside the Clinton Foundation
and she was blowing the whistle and they
had him shut up I don't know if you read
those at WikiLeaks well I did yes she
was the one on to it and they were like
hey shut up get her out of here and so
anyway very interesting let me what are
your so your thoughts today that man
afford Papadopoulos and gates and anyway
so again it's just they're gonna
overcharge and then get them so but
here's the here's the problem in order
to get Trump you have to first impeach
Trump and that's not gonna you because
you can't you can't file a criminal
charge against the sitting president so
you have to first impeach him and that's
not gonna happen look at House of
Representatives is not going to impeach
so if you try to impeach Trump on a
charge of oh hey he colluded with the
Kremlin to get negative information on
his political opponent also hurt his
opponent did the same thing except they
paid for it so he should be impeached
that's not gonna fly you know that's not
gonna fly right but that literally I saw
George Bush's ethics lawyer that Richard
painter guy he's made that case
literally that's what he's saying well
of course there's nothing wrong with
paying for your opposition research but
if the Kremlin paid for it that's the
reason I'm like that's your distinction
after a year that's your
distinction try to sell that to health
half the country who voted for Trump go
try to sell that to him you
 let me tell you something else
I've been thinking about as you
mentioned in your introduction I spent
23 months in prison on a 30-month
sentence and one of the things I learned
on my very first day in prison is that
is that rats
are treated as having come from the very
bottom of the barrel rats are the are of
the same social status in prison as
pedophiles and one of those things that
I learned on that first day was rats
have to sit with the pedophiles in the
cafeteria you can't sit at what's the
what's called the good guys table the
good guys are guys who did not testify
against anybody and are not in prison on
a child sex charge so here you've got
Papadopoulos who who flipped and we know
he flipped because the the special
prosecutor's office told us that he's
lived and you have Mike Flynn who
offered to flip when his name first was
made public what six or seven months ago
those guys are gonna are gonna end up in
prison at least for a short stretch and
they're gonna have to sit at the
pedophile table with the other rats and
the other look lives then we'll see how
they like their lives let me ask you
about general Flynn is this unusual for
a general to be doing what he did
soliciting money from foreign
governments to lobby against his own
country's interests is that is that
unusual for generals because I don't
know every movie I've seen about
generals they seem to be Craven
maniacs
you know normally they are but they also
tend to be the adults in the room when
they get to be that age there was kind
of a famous leak at the very very end of
the Obama administration where in that
very first meeting between Obama and
Trump after the election the only advice
that Obama gave was don't bring Mike
Flint into government I'm sure that that
story is true when Mike Flynn was named
national security adviser
I told an alternative news outlet I
would be surprised if he lasted 30 days
well he lasted 32 days and the reason is
that the man is out of control he he
just doesn't think that the rules and
the laws apply to him and then we have
Jim Woolsey the former director of the
CIA and former Secretary of the Navy who
was invited to participate with Flint in
a meeting he told the FBI and the Wall
Street Journal that he was 15 minutes
late to this meeting he finally goes
into the room and sits down and realizes
that the meeting is between in Andrew
natives of the Turkish national
intelligence organization and Flynn is
telling them that if Trump gets elected
president that he Flynn will allow the
Turks to come in and kidnap Fotolia
Gulen from his compound outside of
Pittsburgh and rendered back to Turkey
well guess what that's conspiracy to
commit kidnapping which is a Class A
felony and publish a publishable
punishable by 20 years in prison
we also now know that Flynn did not
register as representative of a foreign
government which would be the government
of Turkey even though he was taking
Turkish party and wrote an op-ed in the
Wall Street Journal supportive of the
Turkish position after the election and
after Trump had said that he would name
Flynn the national security advisory so
Flynn may have fled dead to rights he's
committed multiple felonies and he's
going to go to prison unless he agrees
to flip they accept his offer and he's
able to testify against Trump but I just
don't see that happening I don't think
they need his information Wow well that
then Flynn will have to sit with the
pedophiles he's going to sit with their
files so why would why would Trump
because what I'm reading today that man
afford when when Papadopoulos was
suggesting they they meet with Russian
officials they kept warning him saying
no this isn't good hey let's first let's
talk to our NATO people so they were
doing a lot of things and not setting up
those meetings right sorry yes they
could get the same kind of information
without actually doing meetings directly
with the Russians or or at least not
having to go up to a level as high as
Trump to do those meetings with the
Russians so why would they hire Flynn
you know I think that Trump hated Obama
so much mm-hmm that just to screw Obama
in the very end he did exactly the
opposite of what Obama recommended that
he do and he decided to go with Flynn
and then he realized 32 days into it
that Flynn's a nut and that's just not
equipped for that kind of a job okay
okay I would say Trump also has a
picker scary Buchi oh yeah yeah so let
me let me just one more time I want to
reiterate this just good because you
know what you're talking about
obviously so I just want to make this
one more time because for months and
months they kept saying Trump colluded
with Russia and I kept saying what does
that mean what does colluded mean and no
one would say no one would say and then
I'm like so you mean the Russians wanted
to hack into the DNC server and they
just didn't know how to do it and they
had to get Trump's ideas first or they
it doesn't make any sense right and so
nobody could say what the collusion was
and then finally the collusion was that
Trump got damaging information on
Hillary Clinton and you ant from the
Kremlin well it turns out that the
Clintons did the exact same thing they
had an intermediary this guy steal the X
pie in England contact people inside the
Kremlin working for the Kremlin give him
information that was damaging about
Trump so how is that is that materially
different than what they accused drugged
Trump of doing is that mature so I don't
think that's materially different at all
it's it's what's the phrase it's a
distinction without it without a
difference yes so okay so that is so cuz
I've been nervous right I've been like
wait a minute uh have I gotten this
story completely wrong all year because
I keep asking people over and over what
does collusion mean what and nobody will
tell me nobody will tell me if somebody
said to me listen there was collusion
and the proof is that the russians
hacked into the voting system in the
state of ohio and flipped enough votes
that it gave the election to trump i'd
say okay well listen that's really
serious that's a serious charge you know
that is collusion he colluded with the
Trump campaign to hack into the Ohio
voting system but there's nothing of the
sort
has even been has even been raised we
