hi everybody welcome to Jimmy Dorsey I'm
here with Abby Martin from Empire files
hi Abby how are you so we're looking at
the today immigration and here's so you
know that Laura Ingraham is a horrible
person in this and the way you can tell
is she wears a crucifix around her neck
right so anybody who's publicly
religious like that is full of it and I
didn't include the Pope and so here she
is she's gonna talk about immigration
and one of the most disingenuous so this
is like someone who considers themselves
to be a Christian justifying the most
horrific stuff in the world
ripping kids away from their parents
because they're seeking asylum in the
United States so let's listen to how
horrible she is Oh liberal outrage in
the destruction of the rule of law
that's the focus of tonight's angle full
full liberal outrage every country has
an obligation to protect its borders and
its citizens particularly one is
expansive and as generous as the United
States now for too long immigration law
was ignored frankly and basically
unenforced oh wow she does just making
up a lie that's just a lie
that's just alive Barack Obama deported
even more people than Trump did the for
his first year Barack Obama deported
more people than all the presidents
combined since 1890 so that's just a lie
that's not true so sure jumping-off
point is a lie and when you have to lie
to make your argument that means you
don't have an argument and now it's what
she's really doing is just sticking up
for horrible inhumane behavior of the
most horrific kind it's that short of
sticking up for murder and that's who
Laura Ingraham is she's a horrible
person and here we go
tried to kind of enforce it in an ad hoc
fashion but its policies what you're
gonna get to in a moment only ended up
exacerbating our problems at the border
so today we have a full-on crisis a
hundred and sixty percent increase in
the number of people illegally entering
the United States from just last year
well the president is responding with a
zero tolerance message which he
reiterated today the United States
will not be a migrant camp and it will
not be a refugee holding facility won't
be you look at what's happening in
Europe you look at what's happening in
other places we can't allow that to
happen to the United States not on my
watch
now the president is now doing what we
should have been doing all along
prosecuting all border crashers okay
they're not criminals because you cross
the border people can come to the United
States seeking asylum did you know that
98% of the children when given a lawyer
are granted asylum in the United States
do you know that those kids have a legal
right to be here because what are their
due they're fleeing persecution or
actual violence in their own home
country certain death they're fleeing it
so in a lot of places like El Salvador
Guatemala there's a drug war happening
that we've exported here in the United
States which got ramped up heavy right
around 2013-2014 and that's why there's
been such an influx of people coming
here since then but guess what
we still have Net Zero immigration in
the United States so with all the
fear-mongering she's doing she wants you
to think we're being overwhelmed by by
immigrants illegally coming into our
country we're not it's net zero
immigration meaning just as many
immigrants come into our country and
just as many a cleave that's theirs so
there is no crisis she's making this up
this is again scapegoating people coming
here for asylum or trying to have a
better life that with their they're not
they're not just sitting around going
I'm lazy now maybe I'll just make a trek
across Mexico face almost certain death
because I'm lazy and I want to go suck
off the teat in America that's not
what's happening and like I said the
kids who aren't brought here
have a right to be here legally because
they're being granted asylum whenever
they're granted a lawyer so here we go
so if you enter the country illegally
you're breaking the law
the United States is not an open
repatriation Center where any indigent
person in the world feels free to just
walk in and assume that all of us will
take care of all of them and their
families there's again that's that thing
about these these loafers hey why don't
you go to a restaurant and see who's
working at the restaurant when you eat a
piece of fruit guess who picked it
so Mexicans are okay too to raise your
kids pick your fruit cook your food wash
your cars cut your lawn but but when but
but when you don't want them when you
want to demonize them you just say what
what do they want it to take they're the
ones who take care of us you stupid
Samantha B word they're the ones who
take care of us process and it has to be
respected Homeland Security chief
Kirsten Nielsen said this today we are a
compassionate country that has taken in
millions of refugees since 1975 the
United States has welcomed more than 3
million refugees from all over the world
and each year typically admits nearly
two-thirds of the world's settled
refugees that is more than all other
countries combined we will not apologize
for the job we do or for the job law
enforcement does for dupe for doing the
job that the American people expect us
to do illegal actions
have and must have consequences no more
free passes
no more get-out-of-jail-free cards again
this immigrating to the United States is
not an illegal act if you're coming here
you seek asylum you're supposed to get a
court hearing and when those kids are
given a lawyer they're granted asylum so
this is that you're acting like oh
there's terrorists so that's the big
problem ice was invented after 9/11 and
it was put under the auspices of
Department of Homeland Security
so now deals with immigration like
they're all terrorists instead of what
they are refugees seeking asylum in a
place that's opposed to that legally
offers them asylum you know what it says
on the Statue of Liberty
bring me your poor huddled masses
yearning to be free and what she would
say those people are criminals
keep him out that's it that's what's he
saying
she's a horrible person this is a
 tank she's not sincere she's
not she knows what she's saying is
 so if you agree with her you're
a dupe because even she doesn't believe
that and you notice she's not
wearing her cross when she does
this segment I don't see the cross on
her of this segment she normally has a
cross to let you know she's a hypocrite
but now it's the doubt you have to
actually just figure it out by watching
Abby do you have anything i'm gonna play
more of this cuz it gets even dumber and
more disingenuous but out with any
comment so far laura ingraham i love her
because she you know she was a
plagiarist and that's why she couldn't
be the communications director for trump
so now she's back on fox bull
her through her teeth again this is all
just partisan hackery because we know
that this is just throwing red meat to
the anti-immigrant base yes and just
fostering this anti-immigrant stuff when
when basically she should love Obama's
policies right oh this is why doesn't
she love his policies this is amassment
the DePorter in chief were two million
people in you know more than Bush's
entire term like you said so I just
don't understand it's just completely
disingenuous but I couldn't agree with
you more
immigration is good and again capitalism
needs undocumented immigrants because
they subsidize entire into
agricultural industry like you said the
restaurants carwashes maid services and
hotel workers I mean they love and
depend on undocumented immigrants so
they're using this - just like dredge up
this this base these these are the the
most of these are the most vulnerable
people they're poor they have no power
no money and when they come here
capitalism are corporations exploit the
 out of them and they work their ass
off but she's gonna make you think
they're a bunch of loafers who
are trying to scam us and studies have
proven that the states with the most
amount of immigration have the best
economies here we go well consistent
with American law when a party is
arrested your children are either sent
to relatives or they become Ward's of
the state
so since more illegal immigrants are
rushing the border more kids are being
separated from their parents and
temporarily housed and what are
essentially summer camp camp summer look
at the picture over her shoulder and she
says these are essentially summer camps
do you see the picture there are people
in cages lying on a floor what is it
what is that mylar foil or something
like a tinfoil blanket like a mylar
that's what that summer camp to you
Laura even your own bullshitting if you
turned your head just to the right it's
a little bit just turn your head a
little baby like oh I guess that out to
me is being full of as I'm talking
yes yes the picture over your your own
picture over your shoulder reveals you
to be a artist
in a bad one it's like here's the lie
now I'll talk to you it's
unbelievable or as a San Diego
union-tribune described them today is
looking like basically boarding schools
having lost the argument and frankly the
last election liberals have seized on
the separated children and turn thee in
she goes like like it's not real
separated children that means that it's
not when you do this that means it's not
real or you're mocking that's really no
one's denying that that's happening
Laura except you right now by doing this
Trump admits to
parading children the Department of
Homeland Security had adminstered
separating children corey lewandowski
the entire right-wing admits it
they're happy about it why are you
pretending that so again she's such a
bad artist that's why a high
school kid got her taken off the air for
a week remember the last time
she made news it was because she was
mocking a teenager's college transcripts
that's what she's doing higher image
into a political weapon attempting to
emotionally manipulate the public
perception of immigration enforcement
emotionally manipulate so if you have a
normal emotion like a human being you're
being manipulated that's it you should
be a cold heartless Samantha B word like
she is that's what you should do
I've read that you have said that the
separation in your words you said is
nothing less than government sanctioned
child abuse do you really think that
this amounts to child abuse
this does amount to child abuse and all
I can say after talking to the people
watching the people listening to the
people that the Statue of Liberty I
think is weeping right now effectively
orphaned thousands of children from
their parents I'm heartbroken by what's
happening and I wonder what this means
about the fabric of our country now why
are all their hearts breaking in unison
now why no tears for the victims of
illegal immigrant crime like a 14 year
old girl raped by Anastasio Eugenio
Lopez Fabian just last month what does
that have to do with this what does that
have to do with taking children away
from their mothers nothing and so she
just wants to go hey did you know there
was a Mexican who raped someone so now
we should over kids what that's
like that's like the right-wing logic
though you know a bunch of people from
Saudi Arabia attacked us well we got to
go into Iraq them what they didn't
have anything to do with it did you know
that those people attacked us no not by
who care that's the same logic what does
a kid have a being ripped away to have
anything nothing it has nothing to do
with it what it does do is reveal Laura
Ingraham to be a horrible person
and a bad bullshitter and if anybody
anybody who watches this show can watch
that and not have your stomach turned
you have a disconnect in your brain
anything to say about this is this
amazing she goes right to look they're
criminals it's a typical Breitbart
tactic the knockout game making people
just terrified of Mexicans and black
people I know they have an entire
segment on their site that just zeroes
in on every single thing happening in
the country that Mex
illegal immigrants have done black
people have done and then they just they
hold it up as as a symbol of why we
should support one of the most criminal
policies I mean this is psychological
like warfare this is Robert Iger
torturer kramat Isaac statistic this is
sadistic and this is being carried out
again but I just stopped of force that's
been in Bolden they say their jobs are
fun they laugh at wailing children and
you have the audacity to defend this and
paint some random case to justify this
yes
SiC it is sick laura ingraham is a sick
samantha B word she is sick
and anybody who defends this is sick
there's something wrong with you
turns out there's a lot of people who
are sick with something wrong with them
in this country yeah or did their heart
break when another fourteen-year-old was
left to die at the scene of a hit and
run by Miguel Ibarra serde a 21 year old
Mexican national what does this have to
do my friends here's what you're not
hearing the government has very good
reasons for separating hey you know
there was a guide there was an Italian
guy who ran a mafia so now we should
separate dalian kids from their parents
when they come here cuz there was John
Gotti I don't know if you know that
there was Al Capone so we should
separate what the you know the CIA
is full of war criminals right you know
the head of our intelligence agency is
the worst thing in the world a torturer
should we separate her kids from her
what the Laura Ingraham one of the
biggest pieces of in the world
children from their family unit the
first being they may not be the chant
child's family at all children have been
kidnapped trafficked and used by
individuals who can then more easily
slip into the country yeah these are
animals you know how easy does this
happen to the country when you're
bringing a kid with you right yeah let's
go I want to slip into I want to slip in
to the United States with a kid the
Obama administration's catch and release
policy allowed people with children to
enter the United States with only a
promise to show up for a later hearing a
lot of them didn't show up of course the
human traffickers and the drug cartels
quickly seized on the weakness and
Exploited it routinely trafficking
people across the border using children
at times as camouflage then when Obama
announced his so that's what all these
kids they're they're just coming in with
drug dealers crisis actors these are
yeah they're all crisis actors coming
there they're coming in with drug
dealers what is wrong well there's
something wrong well what's wrong with
her is that she has a disconnect in her
brain
which doesn't allow her to be fully
human she's not a fully human human
being she's some kind of a monster
that's who she is daca policy in 2012 it
became yet another lure for illegal
immigrants the number of unaccompanied
minors from El Salvador Guatemala and
Honduras surged between 2012 and 2014
check this out
and she's laughing about it you know why
it surged she's not going to tell you
the real reason the real reason is
because we exported our drug war to
those countries which then made those
countries way more violent and people
were being killed in record numbers and
that's why people were leaving fleeing
violence she's gonna tell you they were
fleeing because they're a bunch of
moochers who wanted to come to the
United States and suck off our welfare
teat except you know every time when
were immigrants come here the
hardest-working people in the country
more than 400% the number of
unaccompanied children referred to the
Office of refugee resettlement tripled
between 2012 and 2017 because they're
coming here for asylum and when those
kids are given a lawyer 98 percent of
them get asylum because they're legally
entitled to it because that's the kind
of country we are not a bunch of
Nazis from thirteen thousand six hundred
twenty five to forty thousand eight
hundred in ten according to the
government statistics from these
immigrants come fresh recruits for ms-13
and other gangs that terrorize American
cities from Maryland to California they
come and terrorize the Mexicans are
terrorizing our cities they're not
working in our hotels and restaurants
and picking our fruit and watching our
kids and cleaning our house they're not
doing that fixing our cars and washing
them and they're not doing that no no no
no what those Mexicans do is they come
in and they join gangs and then he
terrorized our cities in our country
what the is wrong with you
you think like that she doesn't think
like that she makes that up she
doesn't think she knows better
she knows that immigrants commit crimes
at a lower rate than citizens in the
United States she knows that she's aware
you know just like the Nazis
were aware what they were doing she's
aware and she does it anyway
because she's a piece of human
being and we've talked to the officials
who told us the stories and in June of
2014 even the Washington Post had to
admit that the unaccompanied minor surge
was quote driven in large part by the
perception that they will be allowed to
stay under the Obama administration's
immigration policies astoundingly in the
fiscal year 2014 the Border Patrol
apprehended 68 thousand four hundred and
forty five quote family units so I i she
just said a minute ago that the Barack
Obama administration didn't enforce it
right but they apprehended 68,000 family
units that's not people but I thought
they didn't so she's again she's trying
to have it both ways because she doesn't
have a real argument so she has to twist
and manipulate every fact she's giving
you few of course were deported now you
throw in sanctuary cities a lacs
amnesty program and it's a wonder more
illegals haven't come so the Trump
administration is now trying to pick up
the pieces of this lawless immigration
system after decades of governmental
neglect they're also trying to
responsibly protect children in the
government okay so that's enough of her
garbage my god they're trying to be
responsible people are leaving the party
over this even Republicans in the Senate
are trying to come up with a bill to
stop this horrible part but Laura
Ingraham miss Christian totally I'm
bored with him totally on Boris it happy
her reptile brain is activated yeah it's
just it's just incredible I mean we we
know that this has been going on for a
long time Obama was doing the same thing
but Trump has the systemic policy now
where
