I don't know if you saw this DNC panel
of Dobbs rule that presidential
candidates must be party members I want
I wonder what made them think of that I
wonder what I don't know where they got
the idea what might have prompted that
that's weird kind of out of nowhere so
there it's like they're trying to be
less inclusive yeah it's like birdies
keep skinning them just try to open up
but there's more to the story actually
let's watch this so here this is from
Yahoo story the Democratic National
Committee rules and bylaws committee
adopted a new rule on Friday that would
prevent Outsiders like Bernie Sanders
from seeking the party's nomination in
the 2020 presidential race is it just
funny it's just funny the Democrats have
it's like they have LeBron James and
they're trying to kick him off the team
mm-hmm right yeah okay maybe that's not
the best metaphor because he just lost a
championship it's got swept by them but
there's a lot of other reasons it wasn't
his fault
did you hear he hurt his hand he was
playing hurt did you hear that I did not
hear that
I don't follow her being that much I
heard it I don't know if that's heard it
at the time of a presidential candidate
announces their this is this is the from
Yahoo News after candidacy of publicly
they must publicly affirm that they are
a Democrat the rule says each candidate
pursuing the Democratic nomination shall
affirm in writing to the national
chairperson of the Democratic National
Committee that that they : here it is
they are a member of the Democratic
Party
for starters buddy B this is written
right at burden right B will accept the
Democratic nomination duh hear me and C
will run and serve as a member of the
Democratic Party and D get your cootie
shot
uh we see someone's texting me about
this very article just like I said
people have been texting me here comes a
text about it okay here so let me I'll
read X is a great text somebody said the
Democrats are benching Steph Curry oh
that's better
right there you go he's is he on the
Golden State Warriors there you go I
don't I know I sound like the kind of
guy I would have hated when I was
younger this guy doesn't follow sports
like you get to a point where I just
when I move to LA I just realized that
sports they didn't matter and that
they're so silly but they're fun to
watch I enjoy watching them I just don't
get emotionally invested anymore
although I did pull for the Cubs
so I'm full of as normal you just
worked through it you're like I don't
care I care a little bit well I knew it
meant a lot to a lot of people okay how
these Saturday shows are loose on when I
put on the shades and anyway Sanders
allies do not believe he would be but
here so here's the part that a lot of
people are missing this a1 Sanders
allies do not believe he would be
affected by the measure thanks to a
unique rule in his home state Sanders
who was currently running for
re-election typically runs in the
state's Democratic primary but declines
the party's nomination after winning but
the move allows him to fend off
Democratic challengers in the state
while still running isn't independent
that's like a sly move on his part right
that's super Machiavellian right yeah
and super cool I guess so they don't and
that's oh this real problem yeah so here
we go last month the Vermont Democratic
Party passed a resolution supporting
this strategy and proclaiming that
Sanders would still be considered a
member of the party quote for all
purposes and entitled to all the rights
and privileges that come with such
membership at the state and federal
level end quote
that's what the state party said about
Bernie that membership could inoculate
him again
the DNC's rule change I would say don't
bet on it I would say don't bet on it
mark Lana bah who was a senior advisor
to Sanders 2016 presidential campaign I
never heard of that I never heard that
guy's name have you that's the first
time I've heard yeah that's for someone
hearing he told he told Yahoo news that
he was baffled by the party's decision
maybe because he fell asleep since 2016
and just woke up it's like that really
well well here there's more to this
story watch this he says and I like how
he says this says I don't have any
worries that Bernie Sanders could meet
the criteria to run as a Democrat in
2020 but it always puzzles me that there
are some Democrats who want to do this
and promote this I scratch my head and
ask why would they want to make the
party more narrow and more exclusive
right that's again why why do you think
because they want to be able to control
their party and then they only give
people two choices and so they don't
their donors who really control the
party don't want that's why we all know
why right like I don't have to I have a
feeling he was saying it sarcastically
and the journalists just missed it he
was like I have no idea why they want to
be more what do you think they're like
okay I scratch my head I scratch my
ex-wife you exactly yeah he say give
sarcastically yeah he's got to be thank
god thanks for saving me a good job
longer ba
good job longer ba which is yeah I
probably mispronouncing his name I know
we are probably one sort but get this so
get but get story gets better
one source familiar with the discussion
told Yahoo News the rules change was not
aimed at Sanders and wouldn't
necessarily affect him in fact the
source described it as a step that was
designed to make it easier for party
leaders to accept one of Sanders main
priorities the end of super-delegates so
like it's sucked according to this
source that this Yahoo news II people
say is saying that this sounded like a
compromise
inside the DNC like like hey if you
agree to this new pledge that everybody
has to sign who wants to run as a
Democrat then we'll agree to get rid of
super-delegates on the first ballot
and that's so now it almost sounds like
Bernie's or they're making it sound like
that Bernie's like anonymous or the
progressives are in like this is a
compromise degree which if that is the
compromise that's oh yeah I'll take it
I'll take that I want two dollars first
of all I want to get rid of
super-delegates on every ballot they
want to just so wait we'll get to that
part actually right now I want to get
rid of Tom Perez but you know they're
just gonna program replacing Perez well
I think he also wants to get rid of
tumblr I don't think he wants this job
that much anyway so there you go so
there's more to this story here's that
committee members are continuing to
discuss the proposal to eliminate
super-delegates they will meet again to
make final vote on the proposal in the
coming weeks before all proposed changes
head to the DNC for a final vote in
August so right now the it seems to I've
also seen that the compromises so I
don't by the way that's just according
to their source so we don't know for
sure if that's what's really happening
or if this really isn't aimed at Bernie
and if this you know so it might not be
aimed it it is a bit Bernie yeah I think
we right okay so it's just bad optics
you know I think it just makes it just
makes people people who are independents
allergic to the party mm-hmm and I think
it makes them not want to support the
party like that what do you what do you
think it's issue we got to see something
in writing buzina that's part of it like
oh and by the way we're getting rid of
super-delegates so by the way they are
yeah yes at the idea the idea that oh
we're gonna reduce them 60% or whatever
not good enough that's just we're gonna
reduce our cheating by 60%
that's all that's almost half
more than half Jimmy why are you gonna
be so purity and the purest on the
cheating I wasn't allowed to cheat 30%
when I tested when I was in school you
could cheat just thirty percent on yeah
oh really never thanks thanks cuz that's
all I really need how much more cheating
do you guys need just enough to get an
election yeah just enough so you know
how my theory is and it's not my theory
I it's a theory I subscribed to is that
there needs to be a third party probably
a fourth party because what happened
last time in the primary was that after
they sufficiently cheated the prep
progressives out of the candidate that
the country really wanted and coulda
beat Trump after they did that that was
their first order of business was to
kill the party the representative of the
working working class and once that was
accomplished they went to the right they
didn't come out and reach out like well
okay well we did cheat you in Smasher
but we'll make Bernie vice president
which would it can it guarantee that
they would have won mm-hmm thank Tim
Kaine someone who inspired absolutely no
one who was a corporatist tool who's a
right-to-work guy he was worst he to the
right of Hillary so well Jimmy in
fairness he did inspire one person that
inspired Mike Pence
that's right hands was like hey I'm not
so bad at debating after all that's
right I won one he made Mike Bettes look
likable yeah so so what I'm so if the
whole point is you you you you you
accept that the Democratic Party it's
always gonna come down to two to the
rate the way you influence them I
subscribe to the idea that all major
changes have come from third parties and
then that the major part either absorbs
their might idea or that party goes away
you know when Lincoln became president
the Republican Party was a regional
party and so that's that's just so we
all agree on outcomes exist we just have
differences of strategy and for whatever
reason me advocating this strategy
which to me just makes more sense that
the way that if Bernie was running third
party he's the most if you know if him
Dulce and Nina turn to decided to start
third party and try to coalesced you
know the greens in the DSA and everybody
on the Left into a third party I think
he would be polling probably 15-20
percent at least let's say let's let's
just cook 10 let's go crazy low number
the most popular politician in the
country would be polling who's and would
be polling at 10 percent
well now the Democrats can't ignore that
like if the Greens were polling at 10
percent
they couldn't the Democrats would
actually have to negotiate for their
votes mm-hmm like hey because we can't
win without you like this is what they
did let so I'm just I'm just going off
recent history what they've done right
so now they go we got your woody were
you gonna go you know well if you can't
win without them you have to make
concessions and everybody could see if
you are making concessions or not if you
put a you know a a third party person as
your vice president or whatnot so that's
how you get to me to me it's obvious
that that's the closest we're gonna get
to a revolution and that working inside
the Democratic Party is incremental ISM
and that's not revolution which is
what's needed these are dire drastic
times you know like pretty soon global
warming is gonna be irreversible which
we all know what's gonna happen anyway
we're not going through as a species
we're not getting our self we can't even
get the corruption out of the
Democratic Party we can't even get the
party of the people and the workers to
represent the people in the work well
because the party set up that way I mean
that that's the thing like people make
the argument while the structures there
the structure there yeah but the
structures set up against you yeah and
so it's kind of like hey let's run into
this burning building because at least
it's a building well why don't we just
build a new building I think it might be
time to ban it and then again it's that
you know when people say that you just
can't do it you just can't have you know
how hard it is to have a third party or
a fourth part you just can't do it when
people say that
to me it sounds exactly like the people
who would say you can't you you can't
have a medicare-for-all come on will you
care who's gonna pay for that how you
can't have Kurt you can't have health
care you can't have free college what's
gonna pay for that
that sounds you you can't have what the
rest of the world has you can
everyone all other countries have great
two three four five parties people are
texting me parts of the article I just
so here's an Iowan saying that this is
from the DNC is pretending that this new
rule is a step in the super delicate
reform process oh really
but this is from my source mrs. Mott you
know Yahoo News has their source this is
my source and I can't tell you it is but
it has nothing to do with it so okay cuz
that's what it looks like to me
so I'm fooled so the articles say that
RBC passed this rule because it would
help build support among DNC members for
superdelegate reform yes that's what I
just reported that's true okay
it will help build support among the DNC
members by giving them yet another way
to block Bernie in 2020 Bernie's people
have been really taken aback by this
they didn't expect or want it okay so
we're getting conflicting reports from
sources Yahoo News's sources one source
my source is another source the DNC is
making this look like it's insignificant
because Bernie can just become a
Democrat before running but they aren't
mentioning the good standing provisions
that led the DNC blocked led to the DNC
block 20 to 20 candidates if they judge
that they have been been faithful to the
party wow that doesn't sound mafia-like
seems like it said so he Nazis right
that sounds like that sounds like Stalin
we don't know if you've been faithful
enough have you right it says that's all
like stop you always been faithful when
you were in college did you dabble
somewhere else hmm
or or not whether they are not been
faithful to the party or a Democrat or
not which they could define as having
been a Democrat for two years prior as a
condition to run
okay or not having spoken again now or
not having spoken against a party or
having given some amount of money to the
party or having shared your email list
with the party they can define who was
allowed to run however they want I can I
ask a question why does anybody have to
share their email list since in fact we
know it seems like everybody's hacking
into everybody's business anyways I so
you know like so well it is valuable
very valuable so this article and
political quotes mark Lana Lana BA the
guy we were just quoting in the Yahoo
News article and he he is quoted as
saying that he was stunned by this and
quote do they really want Bernie and
millions outside the party so again we
thought he's saying it sarcastically yes
that's obvious that because then they
have also nowhere to go I mean Hillary
Clinton would have never if there were
two other viable or one other viable
candidate I mean come on anyway yes
that's what this is how they control
this is how they control things they
make it a binary choice where else
you're gonna go it's like my bid I do
about how elections work in Russia right
and it's this is exactly where else you
get well you're gonna go well and
that's what exactly their strategy it's
been their strategy since Bill Clinton
where else you gonna go and Nancy Pelosi
just endorsed Pago right which means an
end to anything that the Democrats won't
want to do mm-hmm and it gives them an
easy out and it's an easy out supporting
any progressive policies right exactly
Ron so there's they're signaling right
all over the place they're not but this
idea that they heard the message from
Bernie this huh
so what I'm hearing so according to yeah
what I'm hearing from my source is
contradicting the source to Yahoo News
I'm gonna trust my source more that this
is the DNC around more and just
try just doing power grab
and by the way they haven't voted on the
acceptance of the reduction of
super-delegates or if they're gonna have
them on the first ballot or the second
but they have that haven't comfort
that's that hasn't been cemented they
there's one more vote for that mm-hmm so
we don't they might say no we're gonna
keep our super-delegates and you guys
can go pound sand or else you're gonna
go and that's just about the reduction
right why would you believe that like oh
no now they're talking about elimination
they're not even sold on reduction but
they're totally talking elimination if
we do this this whole Democrats run in
2020 thing I find it hard to believe I'd
need to see something in writing two two
years later Michelle Obama is still
going out and public in front of roomful
of women
telling women there's something wrong
with their brains and they got to get
their mind right and start voting for
the Democrat wow what an inspiring if
that doesn't get you off the couch on
Election Day maybe maybe that and a
billionaire telling you you can't have
 they'll get you inspired huh those
are some big uns yeah Wow the the new
motto should be I'm with her because
Michelle told me to be because I got my
mind right mm-hmm so okay so I'm gonna
go with the I'm with her and I'm sorry
I'm gonna go with our interpretation is
varying differently from the Yahoo News
interpretation which so there you go
okay do they really want Bernie and
millions outside the party yes because
they've submitted they've sufficiently
shamed now Jill Stein is a Russian right
that's that was their big smear and
somebody's working with the Russians and
they engineered here getting zero point
zero percent of the vote how do they do
that though they're so evil yeah and
then they made her fun to trip by
herself and then talk about peace talk
about it and all that yeah it's amazing
how propaganda works it is amazing to
watch it happen what's the long game you
know I mean I'll to trick us that was
rough oh yeah so
it couldn't it couldn't be the 700
billion dollar military industrial
complex budget that needs to be
protected by all this propaganda could
it be could it be that isn't it amazing
that now the didn't Barack Obama's when
he said was it in the NDAA when he
signed out that repealed habeas corpus
was it also that allowed the our own
government to do propaganda on us again
remember that right was that in there
right it was I think it was in there but
it definitely happened during his
administration so now the government
could just and we saw the editor former
editor of Time admit on this show that
he's all for government's doing
propaganda on their people it's I that's
how you get stuff done it's called
writing history the people the people
that think Jill Stein is an Asian of
Russia to me they're like the equivalent
of the creationists of political
thinkers it's like they're just like
well how do you explain I mean she was
just sitting at a table she was talking
about peace she went there on her own
dime look that was all to trick us just
