hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
show I'm here with Rob Lakota the
miserable liberal and hi howdy howdy
hello so what I love is that every once
in a while Donald Trump hits on a huge
truism that no one else will talk about
in the establishment press or
establishment politics and he's been
doing it with Jeff Bezos and well even
the Business Insider noticed right so
Trump has waged a year-long war against
Amazon and it's day of reckoning could
be coming Oh what so this is from that
so he's been tweeting out stuff like
this why is the United States Post
Office which is looting losing many
billions of dollars a year while
charging Amazon and others so little to
deliver their packages making Amazon
richer and the post office dumber and
poorer should be charging much more not
a just I don't think the post office
doesn't lose billions of dollars a year
I don't I mean I I know
yeah there's no way it's that much
there's that what they I know that the
Congress yes had tried to bankrupt the
post office on purpose by making them
prepay their retirement benefits to
their employees by like seventy years or
something some crazy remember that they
were literally trying to bank so that
was their way to try to bankrupt the
post office cuz they had to fund their
retirement like decades out it was crazy
that's just the right-wingers trying to
break government because they want to
privatize the mail service and and so
right now Amazon still uses the still
uses the post office to do a lot of
their deliveries like the last couple
miles or whatever that is that UPS
doesn't do or FedEx the government does
it and so and Sunday's Sundays too so
well they're starting to so he's hitting
on something here although I'm sure he's
getting some of those facts like the
dick did we find out if the post office
according to the fiscal report when you
take in that retiree health benefit like
when you take that into account they had
to report a net loss of 5.6 billion for
the
yeah there's 96 that's not really a loss
hmm there that's money that they're
investing in it that's just no other
government agency or private company has
to do that no by the way no and they're
John and the reason they're doing that
is because gag I'll say it again they're
trying to break the public post office
and make it not say look there be losing
money mm-hmm so based on the way they
have to report it right what he said
wasn't necessarily not true right so
he's technically one more thing
according to the nation it says it has
exceeded it has significantly exceeded
the levels of the level required for the
reserves the post office has okay so so
buddy so he's he's he's right about this
he is right about that that why doesn't
the post office charge Amzad more money
I don't know how they could do that but
I'm sure there's a way they could do it
with barcodes and what-have-you right
you know what you can I tell you what
the nation says this is from 2013 the
nation because that's when that was
happening it says that using rate payer
funds it has built a war chest of over
three hundred and twenty six billion
dollars to address its future
liabilities Jesus
okay so there's some more tweets but he
goes if his fake news Washington Post
being used as a lobbyist weapon against
Congress to keep politicians from
looking into Amazon's know tax policy
that was from July he anomaly no tax
monopoly now lots of states have been
closing that loophole for Amazon because
that's a is this the craziest thing
Amazon would be allowed to come in and
not paste local taxes or state tax
hollow out your business your property
tax base your business property tax base
and make all the money and then close
all those stores down you lose your
property tax base and then they come in
and open up a store and that's what
that's what Amazon that they're opening
Amazon books by the way after they put
borders out of business and Barnes and
Nobles or whatever now they're opening
their own brick-and-mortar stores did
you know Amazon's do
that so they had these sweetheart deals
where they'd have to pay tax and all
this stuff and by the way the Amazon
doesn't have to make a profit that's
another thing people forget Amazon
doesn't have to make a profit how can
you compete with someone with a
competitor who doesn't have to turn a
profit and doesn't have to pay taxes so
a lot of states have tighten that up
they're still I'll double check can you
double check to see if Amazon still
doesn't pay state taxes but he's but the
general point is right that though is
the Washington Post being used as a
lobbyist weapon against yes I think of
course why do you think Geoff Bowes
Bezos the world's richest man who sits
on a pentagon board a pentagon board a
guy who owns a newspaper also in bed
with the military-industrial complex
gets worse he's also in bed with the
freakin intelligence community meeting
the CIA to the tune of 600 million
dollars which is worth way more than his
paper is worth so think about that so
again uh what does that say applies
right twice a day so he's but he's wrong
he's right and this is stuff that he's
right no one else will is saying this I
don't hear politicians complaining about
amazon.com I don't hear politicians
complaining about Washington Post being
owned by the guy who owns amazon.com and
we reported when there was a journalist
at the Washington Post who wrote a
critical story of their employment
practices the abuse of employment
practices by Amazon and Jeff Bezos and
he got disciplined we reported that
Amazon is doing great damage this is
from him from August's Amazon is doing
great damage to taxpaying retailers
towns cities and states throughout the
US are being hurt many jobs being lost
so the Business Insider says given all
the attacks it appears the
administration is on a collision course
with the company Trump is interested in
taking on the corporation and it could
mean Amazon's days as a darling of
Washington DC are numbered
well we'll see because Jeff Bezos can
buy politicians and he can also use the
influence of the Washington Post to
scare them and say hey you know if you
want I don't know if we ever reported
this story I think we were out of town
when it broke and we never got around to
it the story about how the Washington
Post Jeff Bezos watched impose lay down
rules discipline rules for their
reporters and people who work for the
Post that they couldn't say anything in
social media oh yeah we talked about
that that that offended their
advertisers mm see if you if you write
you couldn't yep
what newspaper guys can't be critical of
corporations yes yes that's what that's
what that means it's and and the way you
can get around Washington Post being
critical of you is advertise with them
that's what that means advertise with us
and we'll there's a rule in place that
our journalists can't ridicule you in
public
yeah well that's why people advertise
with the corporate media and general
in general we've said on this show the
oil and gas companies aren't just trying
to get the word out no you need gas in
your car you might not have known that
no they're looking for favorable
coverage and they get it you mean people
aren't looking to buy a jet from Boeing
maybe maybe there maybe Boeing is
advertising on Meet the Press to fund
their non investigations isn't that what
they're doing because that's what that
is why does Walmart and okay so and the
oil fossil fuel industry and the
military industrial complex why do they
advertise on establishment news shows so
that they go easy on them exactly and it
was almost explicitly laid out at the
Washington Post's guidelines for their
reporters that was what we did we didn't
cover that yes okay yes we did so that's
what that really happened that really
did you can't do anything that wouldn't
I think it's that even embarrass mm-hm
right yeah yeah cuz we looked into like
all the verbage it was so vague where
it's like what you basically can't be
critical at all okay don't mention their
name is it so like yeah yeah so
you know again there's there's lots of
good reporting that gets done at the
Washington Post you know they're
spending enough money right yeah I mean
a few diamonds in the rough yeah pay me
a couple hundred grand a year I'll get
you a couple good stories come on right
anyway so what do you think they mean in
the business insider by that and that
and Amazon's days as a darling of
Washington DC are numbered what do you
what do you guys what are you guys and
gal that almost hurt you think yeah well
Jeff Bezos is I mean you know he's buddy
buddies with met weapons manufacturers
with the CIA I mean we know that we've
covered that plenty on this right and
also that the CIA kind of with the
intelligence community actually I mean
right right so that's why I think that
um you know I mean this is a nice
sentiment but I think as far as Jeff
Bezos buddy-buddy relationship and
Washington DC at least how I interpret
that Trump's not gonna play any role in
that one way or another you know him and
Trump just don't like each other yeah
yeah I wonder why that is
I mean I guess when you have that kind
of wealth it's just like I have a
feeling you're always in a big pissing
contest yes so they probably butted
heads that way and try I don't think
Trump has some moral opposition you know
right no II think this is fantastic to
rig the system in your favor if you can
that's what you're supposed to do that
you're a good businessman if you're
doing he think you know that's all that
stuff he thinks may be your baby you're
right it's it's just that oh there's a
guy who's everyone knows was richer than
me mm-hmm
you know you were asking like well what
what do we think about this you and I'm
just thinking like wow if something if
he's no longer the darling Amazons no
longer the darling maybe they're going
to figure out the fulfillment sites are
horrible and have awful working
conditions and maybe they're going to
make it better for the employees that
work in those warehouses and because I'm
looking at one article that's written
PolitiFact however you want to deal with
that they said that Amazon last year
made over 136 billion dollars in sales I
think they can afford safe healthy
working conditions you said you would
think mmm you would think they could of
course they can but that's not how
corporations work right corporations are
like Psychopaths
it isn't let's make as much property as
we can without hurting anyone or
wrecking the environment it's we have to
make more profit and that's it and it
doesn't matter and if we have to kill
people to do it or if we have to poison
stuff whatever we do so whenever you
hear of sprays like hey the corporation
decided to do the right thing they
decided to do the thing that would cost
them the least money that's not the
right if it's if it if they would if a
corporation they literally can make more
money killing you and fighting it in
court they will like a car company like
if they figure out like well we could
recall we could do this safety thing on
this car but we figured out that we'll
probably only be sued by five or six
people a year and we'll probably only
have to pay out a few million dollars in
and so it's actually gonna save us money
just let people get killed how much is
this recall yes and I learned that from
Jerry Spence right who used to have a TV
show on MSNBC but he told the truth
about stuff like that and they got rid
of him right away see I learned this
from the movie Fight Club I know this
really what about the main character in
Fight Club that was his like job and he
was like telling people on a plane like
what they do and he's like yeah if this
is if a recall cost more like we just
lost healthy cars out they talked about
that yeah yeah and then the person on
the planes like what what car company
have you worked for and he just goes a
major one that is true you know I'm
gonna highlight one more thing it says
in this politifact.com
it says they define what monopoly is and
they go monopoly law typically kicks in
when a company controls about 75% of a
given market
it was okay a given market and they
continued this
joven camp said he noted that in 2000
Microsoft was deemed to be a monopoly
because of its control over ninety
percent of the market for windows-based
computers but no us tribunal whether
federal or state court or the Federal
Trade Commission has ever found Amazon
to be Aminata
fifteen say yet I mean we could add yet
to that yeah maybe they're at like fifty
fifty percent of all internet sales in
the United States go through amazon.com
how was that not a monopoly fifty
percent of all internet that I'm so if
they get to seventy five I guess
definitionally it would be well I mean
I'm sure they I'm sure they have 75
percent of certain markets inside the
your enemy definitely yeah without a
doubt
right so I'm sure there's lots of stuff
inside that they're selling that they
dominate the market anyway it's crazy
that we live in the richest country and
everybody's so poor and treading water
and sixty percent of all bankruptcies
are due to people getting sick
seventy-five percent of those people who
go bankrupt actually have insurance
we have this crazy system it's
oppressive there's just a handful of
people getting filthy rich and everyone
else is treading water and no one seems
to give a Nancy Pelosi certainly
doesn't Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes
certainly don't give a because
they're pushing corporatism that's what
they're pushing and they're reporting
net neutrality like I don't know is it
good as a barrel on a row it's a big
deal I can tell you that Rachel banner
will tell you it's a big deal
but she won't tell you which way it's a
thing that'll happen yeah it definitely
gonna happen I just want to add two more
elements here they say only thirteen
percent of Amazon's profits went to
federal state local and foreign taxes
from 2007 through 2015 according to an
analysis by S&P global market
intelligence for the sake of comparison
which you really want to know that's
about half the average amount S&P 500
companies paid over the same period so
they're pink so they're not paying their
taxes their fair share of taxes the
Amazon and Trump has got he's on to
something and here's one so that's the
thing and no one will talk about the
what he's talking about right and he
goes on to say Amazon's combined tax
burden also falls well below the
official US corporate tax rate of thirty
five percent in fact one study found
Amazon paid just a nine point three
percent effective federal income tax
between 2008 and 2012
what was their effective tax rate ninety
nine point three so we did with the
bogus new
fools they pay less taxes even they're
still really low yeah cuz it's gonna be
like like 20 they pay less taxes than I
do they pay less taxes than you do
percentage-wise it mean you babe have
you pay a higher rate tax rate than Jeff
Bezos Amazon that's amazing that's
amazing Rich's cup it's amazing what's
happening in this country and I there's
two things it was Bill Clinton when he
deregulated the media so now instead of
having 50 media companies and some of
them telling you the truth now we have
six media companies and none of them
telling you the truth about the
important things meaning war Jeff Bezos
Amazon the CIA the new Red Scare bet
single-payer free call all that stuff
they're not telling you the truth about
that they're not that's why we have a
show so that's why we're here because
the people aren't informed and half the
country knows it that's why they don't
show up to a freaking vote because they
know they're screwed but with that huge
tax break Jeff Bezos is providing good
goods to people you know like jobs where
adult diapers or office supplies doing
that so don't you can't want to know
like why you know this this article
highlights that because of a 1992
Supreme Court ruling effectively
restricts states from forcing online
retailers to pay state and local sales
tax if the company has no brick or
mortar property or employees in the
state so that was something that came
about in 1992 the court's ruling left
the door open for Congress to override
its decision through legislation in
Amazon has lobbied Congress to do so by
passing the Marketplace Fairness Act
which would subject online retailers to
state sales tax so that last part could
you read that to me again the court's
ruling left the door open for Congress
to override its decision through
legislation and Amazon has lobbied
Congress to do so by passing the
Marketplace Fairness Act which would
subject online retailers to state sales
tax so I'm I'm still it sounds like
Amazon supposedly is lobbied for
Marketplace Fairness Act why would they
do that
yeah that doesn't make sense why would
they mark why would they Lobby to have
themselves pay more taxes on
we support a federal law that would
allow states to require sales tax
collection by remote sellers under a
nationwide system Amazon wrote in 2016
regulatory filing currently according to
this this is a look at July 2017 article
Amazon does not have physical buildings
or employ workers in all the states
where it charges taxes through its
footprint has though its footprint has
grown in recent years and may grow
larger still if it plans to acquire
whole foods comes to fruition so they're
saying that they're saying that it's not
a tax monopoly there's a no tax monopoly
on this but they certainly have had
greater advantages like you were saying
than the rest of us with taxes well I
think Amazon plans on having more
employees in a lot of states first of
all and second of all supporting
something like that they're just gonna
throw that sales tax at the consumer
anyway and and they're still and it's
not like their sales are going down so
in a way it was sort of just you know
them showing good face and then looking
into the future right so they are right
now officially paying taxes in every
state that has a state tax yea they
collect the sales taxes from the
customer right they head date that
that's that's recent that had that
wasn't always the case that's as of
April 2017 that's as of April 2017 okay
uh here's Dylan Ratigan I don't know if
you know Dylan Ratigan he told the truth
about the banks that they're extracting
wealth from America and that we should
set up our own state funded banks and I
don't know if you know but he hasn't
been seen on television since so here he
and he said it he made the case so here
is here he is here's what he has to say
about Jeff Bezos the real issue in
America is the concentration of
resources in an incredibly small number
of hands whether it's Google and
