how many welcome to the jimmy dore show
still under the weather gonna do a show
anyway hey i'm here with the miserable
liberal and romp Lacombe I'm miserable
hello so we've covered this once before
so again what's happening is that it's
being revealed that the Democrats not
only didn't learn anything from 2016 and
losing the Trump they've even gotten a
little worse okay so we showed you that
we're Hillary lost like in Wisconsin
that many in Milwaukee neighborhood
didn't didn't vote and they don't regret
it so I don't know if you here's this a
little bit from that article at
uppercuts a bustling barbershop and
green trimmed wouldn't olden house talk
of politics and of Italy comes back to
one man Barack Obama mr. Obama's
elections infused many here with a
feeling of connection to national
politics they had never before
experienced but their lives have not
gotten appreciably better and sourness
has set in see these people sourness has
set in their lives didn't get any better
barack obama presided over huge wealth
transfer to who the upper 1% didn't help
those people sourness is set in you know
people like to say how republicans trick
workers in the voting for him what do
you call democrats people and people
were done with being tricked that's why
Bernie Sanders was filling stadiums
that's why you can't get a barbershop
full of minorities to vote for Hillary
Clinton by local standards it was a
disappointment the lowest turnout in 16
years
and those no-shows were important mr.
Trump won the state by just 27,000 votes
lowest voter turnout in 16 years all for
barbers all four of those barbers had
voted for mr. Obama but only two could
muster the enthusiam to vote this time
just two of them even bothered to vote
and even then it was the sort of protest
vote one wrote in mrs. Clinton's
Democratic opponent Bernie Sanders so
the four of those Barbara's who voted
two of them two of them didn't vote of
those four of those Barb's we voted for
Barack Obama two of them stayed home
decided not to show up and the two that
did show up voted for someone other than
Hillary Clinton one wrote in Bernie
Sanders and one wrote in his own name
but do we know they might have seen a
meme of Jesus armwrestling Satan yeah
and that's not Vince them so the joke
rod is making is that Hillary Clinton
will tell you that's of Russia's fault
because they saw a meme on Twitter or
Facebook so what does this tell you
right so what this tells you if you're a
normal human being who's interested in
winning elections you say oh my gosh we
have to figure out a way to motivate
those people well the best way to
motivate those people is if Barack Obama
would actually did something for them
you know like I don't know reversed our
criminal justice system that's
criminally racist maybe if he would have
stood up for workers and unions in
Wisconsin he didn't stand up for unions
and workers they let them take that you
were the Union away from the teachers
maybe if he would have you know instead
of kicking people out of their houses he
would have had a program to save people
in their houses and make the bank's
whole instead his program was to make
the banks whole while screwing over
everybody who owned a home so what it
would make so what you would go Wow
maybe we should start appealing to those
people you know we're in the business of
politics and as a politician you're
supposed to go out and garner votes and
if you don't get enough votes you lose
it's just like a football team you have
to get enough points or you'll lose so
you're in the business of motivating
those people to vote and you have to say
to yourself oh my god we we're we are
failing the politicians we're not
connecting with those people how do we
get those people to come out and vote
for us well a lot of people like Bernie
Sanders would say offer them something
off
free college offer them medicare-for-all
offer them a living wage those would be
big-oh off offer them affordable foreign
pharmaceutical drugs that would be huge
hey maybe break up the banks have real
investment happen in people's
communities state banks have a state
bank so you offer people something offer
them an infrastructure but which gives
everyone jobs building our country
instead of building bombs that we drop
on poor countries see so that's what a
real normal human being politician would
be like wow we got a problem we we have
to go get those votes we're so bad we
couldn't even beat Donald Trump those
people wouldn't even vote for Hillary
Clinton they won't even come out and
they knew what was they knew who Donald
Trump was but the problem was they knew
who the Democrats are too now and so if
you're a normal human being
you'll start chiding your party for its
deficiencies
you'll start pointing out where the
party has let the people down and why
the people no longer show up when the
party asks them to that's what you would
do as a politician as a normal
politician but the Democrats are not
normal the Democrats are wolves in
sheep's clothing and all they have is
Russia and voter shaming and you want
more proof of it here's Michelle Obama
who let's remember was shocked to her
core when she heard Trump say horrible
things about women's genitalia but
apparently isn't shocked that her
husband had a kill list killed teenagers
killed X traditionally American citizens
took us from two wars to seven
apparently apparently torture and war
crimes didn't shock her to her core you
know what did Trump is it that amazing
not the system that gave us Trump not
when people were kicked out of their
houses not the not the blacks that are
killed black citizens that are killed
with impunity by racist cops on the
street every day that doesn't shock her
to her core not not cops
in tanks pointing sniper rifles at fit
unarmed protected in shock her to her
core so here is Michelle Obama now again
here's her prescription to get remember
who she's trying to get to vote she's
trying to get these people to vote she's
trying to get these people to vote who
didn't vote after Barack Obama let them
down for eight years so instead of going
well we didn't do anything for those
people we didn't help them and they're
desperate and they couldn't even bring
themselves to vote for Hillary Clinton
we tried to jam another corporatist war
monger down her throat and here's here's
her solution
it's her solution to go find a way to
appeal to those voters no in fact the
exact opposite offer them nothing except
shame here we go
we're still at that stage when we're
trying to figure out what it means to be
women and what we think of ourselves
will we think of each other and you know
sorry in light of this last election I'm
concerned about us as women and how we
think you're not concerned about your
freakin Democratic Party and how they
think and what and why african-americans
and minorities and women didn't support
them you're not worried about that you
worried about what's wrong with women
not what's wrong with that horrible
government that your husband just
presided over for eight years and did
almost nothing to help people you're not
worried about that it's not you're not
worried about your Democratic Party and
people won't vote people even when even
when given the guy like Trump it didn't
motivate people even then still it's
women someone else's fault it's not the
politics it's not the politicians it's
not the party it's not the system not
the horrible results it's there's
something wrong with women that's what
Barack Obama that's what Barack Obama's
wife Michelle is telling you miss
dignity is coming out to voters shame
not to make sure the Democratic Party
gets better not to figure out where did
we go wrong in delivering to our core
constituents where did we go wrong
that's not her question her question is
what's wrong with women okay let me get
this straight
Michelle Obama is coming out to tell me
as a woman that she's worried about
women and how women are perceiving
themselves and how we don't support
other women that's what she says what
this woman is telling we're saying that
this is this election stuff is is
revealing that there's something wrong
with women
you know what I have no problem moving
really let me take it's like something
Trump would say yeah I I love tulsi
gabbard you you I'm they're all together
you love with Nina Turner I'm in love
with Nina Turner Gayle McLaughlin I'm in
love with it you want to know why
because they share my values Alison -
they shared the purpose that we're
supposed to be moving our country
forward right I
she is just taking this opportunity to
 on women yes she's lit she's
actually doing that she's figuratively
 on women right now and that's
exactly what she's doing she's not
propping women up she's not saying well
what are women supposed to do when given
this horrible everybody knows he does
she does everybody knows we cheated the
person women should have voted for in
the pre rigged the primary she's not
talking about that how we got to get
better how we got it could get it get
back in touch with our grassroots no her
husband just took half a million dollars
at a clip from banks and equity
companies that kick people out of their
houses hey you know what I'm worried
about Michelle I'm worried about the
kids that have been separated and
incarcerated right from their parents
that's what I'm worried about you know
who else I'm worried about I'm worried
about the six thousand people in Puerto
Rico that died and I'm worried about my
sisters and brothers in preto Rico
they're stranded they're lost and
nobody's helping them that's who I'm
worried about so you know if I have to
vote for the woman you think I need to
vote for then count me out I'm not a
part of this party I'm with you Steph
let's hear it let's hear her more let's
hear some more of her her in her
indignant voter shaming started again
from the beginning yeah okay because
everything about it drives me crazy so
this is her indignant voters this is
also they have Michelle Obama slams
women we're still at that stage when
we're trying to figure out what it means
to be women and know your you know what
it's like so you know what it means to
be a woman Jimmy I'm sitting here next
to Ron and I are knowing you I'm trying
to figure out where's my place in the
world as a woman I'm helpless
tell me how to feel about he's saying
she's saying that that you women let
Hillary Clinton down not Hillary Clinton
in the Democratic Party let the world
down I'm not
her butt that women let her down they
have it exactly opposite still this is
the party Bernie's propping up what we
think of ourselves will we think of each
other and you know sorry and in light of
this last election I'm concerned about
us as women and how we think about
ourselves and about each other anyway
and what's really going I think more
about what what what is going on in our
heads
what we let that happen you know not
what's going on in our heads where we
let a group like that sitting in that
barber shop not come out and vote for
what what what happened to us that those
people don't come out and vote for debt
like no it's like what's wrong with
those people that's what she's literally
saying and I know people get on me for
saying literally they say it makes me
sound like a Kardashian cuz I say it do
it but I literally don't think so why
are they accepting Barack Obama making
the bank's bigger and kicking 5.1
million families out of their houses why
are they okay with that why are they
okay for the income inequality to
explode under Barack Obama why are they
okay with the biggest wealth transfer
why are they okay with that why are they
okay with no public option no Medicare
for all no free college everybody's in
debt and gross amount of spending on our
military no she's not talking about that
you're not talking about the fact that
we spent seven hundred billion dollars
on a military forty percent more than we
were spending at the height of the Iraq
war on our bombs go tell a woman who had
a child that went to Iraq yeah and
couldn't bring themselves to vote for
anyone or maybe they voted for Jill
Stein because they knew that was the
only peace candidate on the ballot go up
to them and tell them you just don't
know what it's like to be a woman
someone who had a child in Iraq yeah
isn't this Michelle's way of calling me
a deplorable yes this is Michelle's way
of calling you a deplore but you don't
know you're a deplorable yet you don't
know yet again it's he's sitting there
what's wrong again it's the finger
wagging
at the powerless you know instead of
finger wagging at the powerful
she's finger wagging at the powerless
because that's what michelle obama is
and right now one of the leading voices
in progress in education our teacher
unions that's right and then barack
obama abandoned right and the majority
of union members happen to be in that
profession women so instead of her
applauding women for standing up to the
bastards through their teacher unions
she's wagging their finger at women
because they didn't vote for Hillary
Clinton so I do wonder what our what our
young girls are dreaming about if we're
still there where when the most
qualified person running was a woman
again their whole thing is what's wrong
with these people who won't vote for us
what kind of politician does that a
megalomaniac a nincompoop and an idiot
that's who goes what's wrong with these
people who won't vote for us there's
real they better go to their
psychiatrists and get their head right
and then come back and vote for us
that's what she's saying did you want to
say something fun well it's kind of
stunning right it's it's very stunning
and there was a time in the past where I
I thought Michelle was gonna be what we
wanted Obama to be yeah oh I believe me
that was a while ago and man the egg was
on my face there was a period of time
where I thought that was gonna be the
case and I was wrong well you know this
is out this video it really struck me to
my core it really did and I have to say
this when she said that there was only
one person that happened to be more
qualified I like to think she's thinking
about Jill Stein ah when she's talking
about another woman because there was
another woman in the race Michelle and
get ready this is this is all they're
gonna have to offer you in 2020 this is
what they're gonna offer you in 2018 and
20 this is what they're offering you
what's wrong with you you know as Nina
Turner says any blue just won't do
and there she is and I'm personal voter
shaming at the top of her lungs voter
shaming at full speed voter shaming
what's wrong with girls so now girls are
walking around what's wrong with us
what's wrong with us now young girl to
walk around what's wrong with women
that's Trump supposed to be doing
to them not Michelle Obama who's
mind-fucking them on purpose what a
scumbag here we go and look what we did
instead I mean that said something about
where we are
you know I says nothing about the
political system says nothing about the
military-industrial complex says nothing
about the Democratic Party cheating its
own members pushing out the most
repulsive candidate in the history of
our country it says nothing about that
right it says everything about some
something's wrong with the voters now
you know why we got Trump not not one
scintilla of an idea how to how to
appeal to those women that's what you're
supposed to do as a politician you're
supposed to go out and campaign for
votes you're supposed to go out and
appeal to people and if you can't appeal
to people that's your fault forget
everybody else what that's what we have
to explore because if if we as women are
still suspicious of one another if we're
still if we're poor if we still have
this
the crazy barb for each other that we
don't have for men that's why Donald
Trump is president because women have a
crazy higher bar for Hillary Clinton
this is criminal almost what she's doing
this is again this is making sure
nothing gets better this is making sure
the Democrats don't ever have to address
their problem that they're completely a
hundred percent corrupted by corporate
cash which is why the Democrats just
voted to deregulate Wall Street to give
Trump who's a maniac eighty billion more
dollars a year to go do war he's a
maniac he shouldn't have nukes here so
how can we get him some more money for
war nothing
talks about nothing Michelle Obama is a
buffoon and she's gaslighting women
right now would you say she's a
gaslighting women right now yes she is
gaslighting women right now because
she's also pretending as if our country
is the only country that matters and so
if you don't see a woman in power as
president of the United States then what
kind of dribs could you possibly have as
if there weren't women throughout the
world that have held positions of power
and leadership you know and what did she
do what did she do with her leadership
she got kids to eat carrots well but
pizza is still a vegetable yeah catch it
if we're still doing that today if we're
more comfortable with
we're not comfortable with the notion
that a woman could be our president
compared to what you know so again it's
all our problems so we have we were
uncomfortable with a woman being
president it's just so you know it's so
gaslighting it's so condescending it's
so disingenuous to is what it is well
and what's interesting right now if you
have self serving all right well if you
ask me to name what are some names in
journalism you're excited about my list
would be 90% female there there are so
many amazing females in journalism right
now in music right now there are so many
amazing female bands that that it
reminds me of the riot girl movement in
the early 90s the in politics and the
politician I'm most excited about period
is Gayle McLaughlin I mean to make it
out like an entire gender as having some
identity crisis is is just beyond
ridiculous you know you see this woman
right now talk about the mayor in Puerto
Rico I think her name is Carmen Cruz
here's a woman that faced off with
Donald Trump you're asking for supplies
and making sure that proto Rico that is
American is cared for so instead of
telling me right now Michelle that we're
not supporting females why don't you get
off that stage and go to Puerto Rico and
make sure that the prototype crews right
now is for help and supported because
she is an imposition of power and
influence when you see what you see her
and Barack they're going all over the
country advocating for Medicare for all
and free college and they're down in
Puerto Rico making sure they're not
doing anything they're out surfing with
brant senator windsurfing with Branson
and when they're not doing that they're
