no I did they recently I was asked to do
a a benefit appearance to raise some
money or a fund raiser that's what we'll
call it for this progressive candidate
is running for the assembly correct here
in California what's the district
assembly district 45 West San Fernando
Valley alright so now I understand
everybody told me what a progressive you
are I looked into you you are
progressive I've talked with you
we support the same thing so you're
running for the assembly and it's a
special election correct it is a special
election because the incumbent resigned
cuz he was harassing women really and so
uh you're the progressive in the race
how many corporate Democrats are you up
again too many to major ones with a lot
of money from different political
establishment kind of families mm-hmm
and so what do you think your chances
are beating the back the establishment
in this race pretty good right it's
getting better by the day thank you for
having me on getting this message out
there as part of how we can make the
runoff it's gonna be a difference of a
few hundred votes between second and
fourth place because of eight candidates
in the race one Republican one no party
preference and then six Democrats the
three of us kind of at the top of the
the chain it looks like fighting for
that second spot the West Valley now is
that a progressive area or is that like
consider what we would consider your
liberal area it's mixed it's so diverse
because California State University
Northridge is there with forty thousand
students a history of activism Pierce
Community College again almost forty
thousand students again there's pockets
of poverty and low-income Canoga Park
Reseda Northridge Winnetka and then we
also have Tarzana racino Bell Canyon
Hidden Hills Calabasas so it's that
split so depending on who you're talking
to it's more or less progressive
depending on that that is a wide swath
of demographics there right especially
economically my sister went to Pierce
College got her teaching degree I from
there I'm pretty sure and my niece went
to Cal State Northridge and also Gilbert
doesn't a former tech our tech guy goes
it's good Northridge doesn't he I go
there too oh you go there you go oh I
know goes there look at that so a lot of
people go there so what are the big
issues and what are the differences
between you and those corporate
Democrats you're running against well
I'm tired of politic
as usual you know money buying our
elections this is kind of democratic
party 2.0 where they say one thing that
we want to hear in public they go into
the backroom take money from all sorts
of corporations industries whatever it
is and the legislation that comes out of
it is watered down
liberal like you were saying and more of
the same so the big issues that I've
been focus on focusing on kind of the
big picture healthcare education and the
environment and this has so many each of
them has so many ripple effects
interdisciplinary intersectional
intergenerational and how we address
them but then you know when we get into
guns are obviously an issue immigration
housing and homelessness I think there's
so many range of issues that one and
I'll jump into it if we can get into
health care education and environment
the details on each of those health care
single-payer universal health care for
all the cost is worth the investment we
know it will shut down so now the
Democrats have a supermajority already
why don't we have single-payer we should
look into how much money the
pharmaceutical industry puts into it the
health insurance companies the the way
that right the fort achill Affordable
Care Act how do you feel about the
insurance mandate how do I do I feel
about the insurance mandate do you mean
the mandate that you have to buy
insurance I think that's ridiculous
because what that did was drive up the
stock prices of all the health insurance
companies I mean within a week or two of
that announcement that that looked like
Obamacare was gonna pass some of them
went up 12 percent they're trying to do
that here in California that's what the
establishment Democrats are trying to
bat they're trying to do the
single-payer 562 healthy California
they're trying to get an insurance
mandate and tinker around the edges so
you're mandating that a citizen give a
profit to a private corporation by law
you're mandating that I'm saying and
without offering a public option that's
the big thing right so and that's
because people like Anthony Rendon Eric
Bauman and Kathy Lyon right yeah they're
also neoliberal corporate Democrats am I
wrong about that they're so
sophisticated in their politics and how
they say one thing in one place and
depending on the situation and the way
that the language is altered I don't
disagree but I'm trying to be nuanced
with my language as well when we're
talking about this health care situation
because they're finding back ways every
single day to continue to help the
health insurance when you get in trouble
if you tell the truth about Eric Bauman
and Anthony
Rendon because you're running as a
Democrat I've been telling the truth I'm
so about speaking truth to power trouble
for it and you know some people are more
critical I'm just trying you know I'm a
bridge builder not a wall builder that's
good so I'm trying to whatever happens
I'm being critical with establishment
you hear it yeah but then when I win I
need to be in a position to bring people
along with us okay all right we need to
call out those corporate Democrats you
know I talked about Anthony Rendon he
pretends that he's for single-payer and
he says I was for single-payer before I
ever heard of Obamacare and I'm like
well isn't that weird that you've been
for it all this time and you've been in
politics and you're an ambitious son of
a gun because you're the Speaker of the
assembly
yet you don't have a plan in place to
implement that thing you said you've
known about for over 10 years so that
doesn't make any sense so that's when my
BS detector goes off and I know Anthony
Rendon is gaslighting his own people and
the people of California and there are
the ones the Democrats are the ones
keeping the progressive politics
policies single payer free college
living wage out of Nibbana and fracking
all that stuff they're the ones keeping
us from it's not the Republicans my
brother just came to see my show and off
he goes how come you don't make fun of
the Republicans cuz I live in California
and I see what happens when you get rid
of the Republicans the corporation's by
the Democrats and now we're I'm living
in a Democratic Party that has been
captured by corporate money and that's
why we can't have nice things in
California but you're gonna change that
we're gonna change that and one big
point is education the full funding of
public education the last three years I
actually worked for LAUSD the Los
Angeles Unified School District as a
school community coordinator I actually
ran for school board in 2015 I didn't
win the guy who won even though he's a
Republican a pro-union teacher a
counselor principal still picks up trash
when he visits school size Scotch
marusan was able to hire me again about
building bridges focusing on the issues
that matter and so the last three years
I work for the school district and
seeing how the charter schools how the
privatization of public education at the
state level how mcgraw-hill and Pearson
and these private billion-dollar many
corporations are affecting our textbooks
right not including the real history not
including women's contributions and and
still pushing women contribute what so
you're good so how much of a chance at
change can you affect as a
Assemblymember oh I think I'm the tip of
the spear Ian
on this race rate in this cycle it's a
special election
April 3rd June 5th November we've been
hearing about the midterms this is the
canary in the coalmine are we as
progressives gonna be able to organize
mobilize and activate in a low turnout
election where our message is resonating
we're targeting Democrats it's gonna be
a few hundred votes every extra person
that comes out and knocks on a few doors
makes a call text messages some people
it is going to put the wind at our backs
as progressives when we show up in the
assembly with this powerful message
they're gonna take notice and and
actually when we make the runoff you can
be sure that they're gonna line up to
3/4 million dollars against our
progressive people-powered campaign
because the only way that they can beat
it is with big-money
yes well I wish you all the luck I mean
I'm here for you your progressives
it's so disheartening to see people who
pretend that the Democratic Party is the
answer
the antidote to neoliberalism they are
the neoliberals
and when he progressives like you to
take over the party no you know I don't
think that's possible and that's why
I've been pushing for a third party but
I support progressives whether they be
independents Democrats or even there's a
Republican running right now Samer owner
and as a progressive in Ohio so I'll
support progressives no matter where
they are go ahead
I actually dem entered you get was an
independent because I had the same
feeling as you but looking at the
dynamics of this race and what was
happening and how it was going i was
running against the incumbent before he
resigned right he was the million dollar
chair the Banking Committee and and had
all that power no one wanted to go
against him I got into the race because
of this and once he resigned now you
have all this other stuff so idem
entered thinking that not that I'm gonna
change the Democratic Party but we're
gonna bring up these issues when I talk
to more people we're gonna organize
mobilize and we're gonna make a
difference we're in a climate crisis
right not just an emergency the planet
is dying and these typical establishment
politics isn't gonna do enough to change
it we need a state Bank of California we
need to think big we need to invest
public resources to solve the problems
that are facing our society not just
healthcare education environment but
across the board again Jimmy thank you
for having me on your wonderful show
hopefully the progressives can come out
for our campaign this is geo TV weekend
we were canvas
door knocking phone-banking encore for
assembly calm and kayuu rfor assembly
dot-com volunteer donate keep listening
to Jimmy so tell me how does dem
entering so I don't understand like I
think that you actually reform their
Democratic Party by making it so they
can't win without you
they already can't and they still didn't
care they'd rather lose to Donald Trump
to let it progressive win so I ran for
office twice I ran from the city
controller in 2013 and school board in
2015 as an independent as a declined
estate and so looking at the dynamics of
who listens and just the sheer numbers
it's kind of a reality so you're saying
that you had to become a Democrat in
order for people to listen to you it
opened doors the endorsement process
this is interesting the California
Democratic Party when they endorsed they
get involved in this we were able to
block the state party from endorsing one
of the establishment candidates and that
caused a lot of machinations you have to
pay $250 just to apply to for their
endorsement they give you a list of
Delegates who can vote they give me
fifty three delegates three weren't on
the actual delegates they changed the
list I gave the other candidates the
actual list and they gave me I mean
three out of fifty three still mostly
accurate bad addresses bad phone numbers
and I'm working this list to try and
make sure that yeah I get it and so this
is what I'm talking about like this
they're there they're literally working
against progressives so I don't know why
progressives want to be inside the
Democratic Party but you're saying it's
because you're not viable unless you're
inside the Democratic Party I hate that
word viable I think ideas make this
campaign a volunteer powered you know
the number of people we talk to the
amount of media we get that all that
combined along with the capacity and
capability of a candidate who can
articulate a message listen take it and
share it that makes the viability but
the Democratic Party is just I mean you
know I'm frustrated with it just like
you are just how the by Papa Lee right
is turned into something that just feeds
us into the slate literally cheat cheat
me the Democratic Party on purpose
consciously have policies in place to
cheat people like me and you and so baby
buddy cycle so and Bernie's whole thing
is you know and a lot of people are
thing as well let's take
over the party hey we thought we took
over the party in January of 2017
everybody showed up and we voted in a
slate of progressive delegates turns out
they have super-delegates on the state
level also so they cheated us and
literally the chairman of the party said
shut up or get the eff out right we do
you know that so so much I got the F out
so some of these delegates that were
elected in that cycle have been full
onboard with our campaign and we're
learning the insides of the party where
these power structures are who makes
which decisions and we're pulling them
we're changing we're splitting the
Democratic clubs the individual clubs
that we I've actually gotten
endorsements of Democratic clubs so just
across the board people the top don't
listen to people at the bottom
Democratic Party Republican Party some
unions definitely corporations
definitely the military-industrial
complex people at the top don't listen
to people at the bottom we're coming in
with this energy and making them listen
to us okay well if you could get a state
bank in California that would be a
game-changer yeah don't you think yeah
it's gonna be huge it would it would
it's it's the big Steve Colvin of I
think of getting the public option for
healthcare it's a game changer it makes
people know that hey government works
well if you do it right government can
work when government is trying to help
people and you do it correctly
government works right and so that's the
opposite message that you get today from
the establishment from the Conservatives
and even from the neoliberal Democrats
that they wants they want a hybrid
government and can they but they always
want to have a private profit motive
shifts like like charter schools now
you're not for charter schools no
charter schools so nuanced so
interesting we got independent charter
schools affiliated charter schools
conversion charter schools and we got
public schools that have magnet programs
and one specific one and I don't how
much time we have in again I appreciate
the opportunity proposition 39 allows
charter schools independent charter
schools to take space from public
schools if it's not being used so now if
you have a public school with low
enrollment 500 kids thousand seats fine
then maybe that makes sense and that was
the the logic now they're taking things
like the parent Center the music room
the wait yes the computer lab and
they're saying that's not education
related and then they're saying the
public school system doesn't provide
these alternative opportunities so the
charter school game is in my opponent
one of my major opponents has gotten
$200,000
flown in in every single way and he's
not even a big charter school guy yeah
but because the charter school was
playing at this political level with all
of this money and they know it matters
yeah they're betting on their horses so
caught and if you wanted to know could
the kind of people who are pro charters
go Cory Booker the guy who made sure we
don't have rien of cheaper drugs from
Canada
he's also his he owes his career to
Betsy DeVos who's miss charter school he
said that I'm not saying that he said
that so that's the kind of people who
are involved with charter schools
they're not about educating kids they're
about extracting wealth from the
community and using education to do it
they don't it's it's the commodification
of education of human beings it's
neoliberalism on steroids privatizing
public education is one of the worst
ideas in the world and I have to remind
people that schools don't fail
communities when you go to thriving
communities the schools are thriving
when you go to failing communities the
schools are failing and you can't have a
school fix an unemployment problem
inside of a community you have to
actually have an economic development
that fixes the economic problem inside
of the community not a teacher okay so
I'm sorry that's my little speech but
well I can give you one more thing on
schools so we had El Camino High School
in Granada Hills High School in assembly
district 45 miles just outside great
schools wins academic decathlon top of
the tier they were good before they went
charter then they went independent
charter and now they're doing the things
that made them good even more upright
they're doing that even better and part
of that is the marketing some of it is
the demographics and I say that with a
little smile because the details of who
goes to which schools matters a lot too
and then you know charter schools in in
what the 60s in late fifties segregation
how do you make sure that the money
public money goes to the institutions
that you support so it down south
charter schools were a little bit racist
yeah to start off with got you well yeah
sure they had to send one hundred and
first Airborne Division and make sure
they could go to school in public
schools down there so well listen anchor
I'm pronouncing that correctly
anchor encore encore encore encore like
a monk or like a standing ovation good
core okay
encore
they'll running in that what is the
district assembly district 45 summit is
445 it's a special election is this
Tuesday in Los Angeles so go and you're
in your Pro what again what is first a
face oh so I'm a big proponent of
single-payer universal health care for
all we should all be on the side of
clean air clean water and clean energy
and I'm for the full funding of public
education
all right that's and how about unions oh
absolutely and and if I got another
second the unions are way complicated
I've been endorsed by the California
Nurses Association California Teachers
Association United Teachers Los Angeles
Communication Workers of America there's
other unions that have endorsed other
candidates for some of these political
purposes right SEIU tends to go with
establishment a city unions tend to go
with folks who know how to deal with
City business and and so the unions are
very comp prokhor absolutely but all
unions aren't made equally yeah I know
