everybody welcome to Jimmy doors show
Hey so you know what happened Friday
December 1st big day for the Trump
administration and the treason
accusation against the Trump
administration I don't know if you saw
but general Flynn admitted that the
Trump campaign colluded with Russia and
they're all going to jail for treason I
mean I mean I mean except no womp womp
again this is this is a this is an old
plate Ron that we've been going through
since I don't know last year where
there's this you you wake up and you see
the news and they're like oh my god did
you see the news they got him Trump jr.
had a meeting with a Russian lawyer oh
my god we got him it turns out nothing
if it wasn't for the behavior of my cat
I would think I was in Groundhog Day a
couple times couple talked I was like no
no she wasn't asleep over there
yesterday so it's a new day so everybody
wakes up today thinking that's all over
in fact I saw REM Elbert tweeted out
just the date today just a date he
tweeted out like oh like this is the day
it all ends for the trouble
administration well here let's go to
this is from Jonathan Turley he's a he's
everyone's favorite law professor from
George Washington University and he
wrote about this in the hill and he says
the coverage of the plea was immediately
breathless and a bit jubilant let me
back up and just tell you what happened
general Flynn had some conversations
with the Russian ambassador after that
mob Obama administration had placed
sanctions on Russia and so he reached
out to and the Ambassador from Russia
and said hey hey don't don't escalate
this don't come back with the same stuff
just relax and after the election we'll
see where we are which by the way
totally normal behavior so you're gonna
find that out so that's what happened
and then the FBI tapped Flynn's phone
and they knew that he had talked to that
Russian ambassador so they had already
tapped his phone so they knew this that
he had this conversation which was
completely normal and innocuous with the
Russian ambassador but they also knew
that they had created this unbelievable
hyper crazy environment where nobody
wanted to admit being associated with
Russia so general Flynn is asked he goes
to a voluntary meeting with the FBI
I they asked him about this phone call
he had with the ambassador they know
that they only do they know that he
talked to him they know what they talked
about so the FBI knew what they talked
about was normal so they asked him a
bunch of questions one of them is did
you have conversations with the Rebbe
and he says no so he lies about it
that's what they happened for the
underlying again they the crime was the
cover-up because what he did was nothing
normal stuff
now we're gonna explain it to you and
here's Jonathan Turley from the George
Washington University he's gonna explain
it to you he says so the coverage of the
plea was immediately breathless and a
bit jubilant New York defense attorney
Gerald Lefcourt announced it's the
beginning of the end
CNN's legal analyst Sean Susan Hennessy
called the charges a slam dunk that
everyone is looking for well if it is
the slam dunk everyone's looking for the
Russian investigation has experienced a
serious downgrading this investigation
began with an allegation of criminal
acts of collusion with the Russians to
influence the 2016 presidential election
remember that that's where it started
Ron that's where it started it was some
kind of treasonous collusion the
Russians wanted to hack into the DNC
computers or at the servers and Jeff but
they needed Trump somehow to help them
do this he's perfectly right he's a good
tech guy yeah he's have never explained
it how this works or what Trump did or
whatever they just kept saying the word
collusion colluding he colluded and
you're like why are they I've never
heard this word so much in my life the
reason why is because what they're
accusing them of doing is having a
conspiracy now if you remember the CIA
has already demonized that word it's
toxic to say they're in so if you say
it's they if you push a conspiracy
you're now a conspiracy theorist so they
had to say Trump colluded they changed
the words
so they said Trump colluded and we're
like well what did they do no one would
ever say what they did remember Ron no
yes yes the goalposts started with
collusion allusion for treason allusion
for treason and it's gonna end sometime
in the year 2021 where if you've ever
eaten borscht in your life they they got
you yes did you have pasta Puttanesca
so if it's a so let's remember this
investigation began with the allegation
of criminal acts of collusion with the
Russians to influence the 2016
presidential election what's happening
with Flynn is a single count of making a
false statement of making a false
statement not a count of conspiracy or
computer hacking or bribery connected to
the Russians one single count of making
a false statement
this is Jonathan Turley for flynn the
one count of perjury was a good deal
given his failure to register as a
foreign agent in working for turkey and
assorted allegations of false or
misleading statements
moreover Mueller's people had Flynn's
son Michael jr. who served as his chief
of staff as leverage against him so what
he's saying is for Flynn to get this
deal where he just has to a cop21
perjury count is a good deal for him
because there was a lot of other crap
that he did like he didn't register as a
foreign agent when he was supposed to
that's what I man afford got in trouble
for that Tony Podesta got in trouble for
that same stuff Flynn did the same thing
so they're saying he got off easy on
this actually however for the White
House this may also have a good aspect
what I thought this was the end of the
White I thought this was it for trot
thought this was the whole thing again
people don't mistake what I'm doing as
somehow defending Trump what I'm trying
to do is get rid of this Russia
Red Scare that has nothing to do with
our lives so we can concentrate on what
we're supposed to concentrate on yeah
can we use today as an example like how
our news cycle has been dominated by
this nonsense and what else is going on
gee a tax bill that would most
of the American people yeah we are on
the verge of losing the Internet as we
know it yet there are more important
things going on
I'm gonna guess Rachel Maddow covers
this for about 45 minutes to I guess yep
because she did cover net neutrality
this week for a minute and 40 seconds so
he go back to
to this however the for the White House
this might be it there might be a good
aspect this is relatively confined
allegation this is a relatively confined
allegation that is centered on the
actions of Flynn not the president or
his family Washington insiders are often
nailed not for the underlying scandal
but for the responses to it that's
exactly what happened here
because the underlying scandal wasn't a
scandal however there is nothing in this
indictment that offers serious support
for the allegation of collusion with the
Russians Flynn lied on four occasions
about conversations related to national
security issues related to both Russia
and Israel including you never hear
about the Israel one isn't that funny
mm-hmm
Netanyahu had conversations with the
Trump campaign asked him then I do stuff
to intervene and you never hear about
that nope that's a foreign government
trying to hmm but it's not a hostile
foreign governments right a hijack our
democracy Flynn lied on four occasions
about his conversations related to
national security issues related to both
Russia and Israel including a
conversation with then Russian
ambassador Sergei kis lack in a
conversation with the FBI Friday
mornings guilty plea from former Trump
national security adviser Michael Flynn
is a major disappointment for the
Democrats Flynn admitting to having made
false statements is nowhere near where
the Democrats want this to go
moreover the interest of kiss lack in
determining the position of the new
administration on sanctions is not
unheard of in Washington or necessarily
untoward to raise with one of the
incoming national security advisors so
what he's saying is this is a normal
stuff that the Russian ambassador would
try to figure out hey where's the new
administration how do you guys feel
about these sanctions
that's normal stuff
ambassadors are supposed to seek changes
in policies and often seek to influence
officials in the early stages of
administrations before policies are
established Flynn's suggestion that the
Russians wait as the Trump
administration unfolded its new policies
is a fairly standard response of an
incoming official that's now not allowed
apparently no that's now not allowed
obviously it was wrong for Flynn to give
the false this is from the National
Review now we're switching to the
National Review obviously was wrong a
Flynn to give the FBI false information
he could after all have simply refused
to speak with the agents in the first
place which he could have yeah it was a
voluntary me that said as I argued early
this year it remains unclear why the
Obama Justice Department chose to
investigate Flynn there was nothing
wrong with the incoming national
security advisors having meetings with
foreign counterparts or discussing such
matters as sanctions in those meetings
plus if the FBI had FISA recordings of
Flynn's conversations with kis lack
there was no need to ask Flynn what the
conversations entailed so get this so
the FBI has a tap on Flynn's phone they
know he talked to this guy the
ambassador they know the content of it
what they said and then they asked him
did you talk to this guy so they're
trying to set a trap so they know that
he talked to them about normal stuff
then they ask him about it
and it'd be like we got you know you
lied about something inconsequential
yep they get their pants on fire a
moment that's exactly what they're
looking for of course the story is big
and the fact that a former White House
official has been charged with anything
and pleaded guilty is consequential but
it doesn't suggest any collusion
occurred and it doesn't even get close
to confirming that Donald Trump or his
campaign was somehow complicit in a
nefarious scheme this does the
Washington Post Jonathan Turley
Democrats already straining themselves
trying to suggest that Flynn's plea is
just the beginning and that there is
more to come but as far as Flynn is
concerned
that is unlikely how can you say you're
just at the beginning when this has been
going on for well over a year I mean
it's just like ridiculous that would be
like me like I'm gonna go cut down a
tree and I have all the tools I need
it's a big tree it'll take me a couple
months in like over a year later you see
this one ship in the tree and you're
like hey where's the rest are you almost
and I'm like this is just the beginning
yeah I think it might not be good at
this you might not be cut out for this
maybe you can't do it so they have teams
of FBI guys Muller himself working
full-time on this mm-hmm
every day they get up that's all they do
all day all day they do this and this is
where it's led us a year and month later
yeah the Democrats won't admit it this
is Jonathan Turley the Democrats won't
admit it but they are throwing in the
towel on collusion their only choice now
is to prop up the convoluted claim of
obstruction of justice and that could go
on forever
the ordeal may be bothersome for the
White House but it won't be fatal oh and
by the way let's reflect on what has
happened in this investigation so far
Paul Manafort and Rick Gates were
indicted on matters associated with
foreign agent registration and money
laundering that predated any engagement
they had with Trump Flynn has pleaded
guilty to a crime that occurred after
the campaign was over to be precise none
of this involves the president or his
campaign it's all ugly and ragged but
this White House has a lot of ugly and
ragged says The Washington Post
even if Flynn says he was instructed by
the president to be in touch with the
Russians so effing what all that would
mean is the president-elect told his
national security adviser to do his job
so here we are yeah I mean I feel like
Charlie Brown with the football with all
this stuff I mean it's been going on for
over a year now and every time you know
I'm like oh okay well what would happen
now did did something something
uncovered and every time I read the
article in my
action is almost as I'm saying I'm like
seriously this is it really you got to
be kidding me
and and then I'm just like well I I fell
over for the football again and and I'm
this show isn't the only people that
feel like Charlie Brown like we're not
alone and it's just like we're just
using today is an example of all the
other more pressing things that are
going on all the other actual despicable
things this administration is trying to
do and yet they're just amplifying this
which empowers Trump by the way this
empowers Trump this helps Trump and I
mean it's just it's just Russia you're a
right rod when you come after Trump on
Russia that helps Trump you got to come
after Trump on stuff he's doing it's
easy to do but they won't do it because
they they want to push this to cover for
their horrible election this also if you
keep playing up so if you keep playing
up the Russia connection we get to spend
more money on military industrial
complex mm-hmm that's a big that's a big
part of this Oh in scapegoating is
always good for ratings too whenever you
have a scapegoat it ratings go up that's
just like a media like everybody knows
that about the news media so now they
got one that they can just keep you know
cycling around indefinitely so here's uh
so now you know the rest of the story
the real story but so by the end of the
news day it's a nothing story but when
it started everybody's going crazy this
is it and then by the end of the day
it's all over it's all over and this is
far from the first time and it won't be
the last
I mean there's gonna be another one in a
week or two here's here's CNN anchor
main contributor Van Jones he's got
something to say about this
so that's Van Jones let's hear it again
I want you to hear it again cuz he's
certain again this is the sing about the
real world about ten years of my life
criminal justice working hopeful I'm
just going to make this as plain as
possible to the CNN viewers when one of
the main homeboys turned snitch a bunch
of people about to go to jail that's
just how that works so again this is
catnip for people who hate Trump so
people who oppose Trump I'm one of them
I post wrote and all his horrible
policies they got to do this it's it's
like when Sean Hannity would do shows
where he would say brocco Baba we got it
we got a video of him stuff hips he's
not it's no birth certificate he's not
real he's all God he's a Muslim and all
that and they would turn in a Sean
Hannity said oh yes tell me bad things
about Barack Obama and that's what CNN
and MSNBC is starting to become or has
become for sure yeah absolutely
Tom tell me some bad stuff about that
doesn't matter I saw a comedian get on
stage almost say exactly that remember
that we were together we saw PSA so just
tell me something bad about Trump is it
collusion or treason or crime or bribery
or kick I don't care what it is let me
hear it remember that yeah and and I was
thinking and I still think that on a
daily basis do you want me to just hand
you a long list of the stuff he's trying
to push through dude you want me to once
the guts separation of church and state
wants to end unions forever has this
horrific tax bill had this horrific idea
for health care the list goes on and on
never seen a pipeline he didn't like
there are plenty of things that we
really need to be opposing right now and
instead we're focusing on this
hyperbolic nonsense
well said Ron well said I'm sure we're
gonna cover this again cuz it won't go
away I'm sure on Monday there'll be
another story that starts off with a
bang and ends with a whimper just like
this one don't be Charlie Brown folks do
not be Charlie Brown don't be don't be
Charlie Brown but if you want to do
something make sure that you're getting
the videos when we drop a video make
sure you make sure you're subscribed
people telling us they're unsubscribing
them and if you can come see our live
show December 4th that's Monday we're
gonna have Ghent you guys our guests
will probably be talking about this
stuff there's a link for tickets right
there in Burbank California that's this
Monday December 4th we'll see you there
and if you want to become a patreon or
buy a nice gift for Christmas guys don't
do it
thanks for your support
[Music]
