hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show up special guests from secular talk
it's kyle kolinsky hey Kyle how are you
hey Jimmy what's going on man all right
all right we were supposed to get hooked
up in person you were in town but only
for a very brief time last week and we
were supposed to get hooked up then but
you ran long at the young turks and
luckily i didn't overreact and and so
now we're doing this but this is
fantastic how are you Kyle welcome to
the Jimmy Dore show I'm good man I'm
excited to be here i watch your videos
all the time so now it'll be cool to
watch your videos and then I'll also be
there too and it'll be I'll be
narcissistic but also enjoying it at the
same time and all right you look good
you look you know even though you're not
wearing and you look like you have
makeup on that's the important thing I
need to go out and get some men I got to
stop my shiny face like on TYT so I know
that's not we were just comparing notes
about who has the shinier face when they
go on TYT you got to put powder on when
you go out to uit you look like you look
like you are guilty of something that's
exactly right
yeah or I look like I'd dip my head in a
bucket of grease no Kyle I wanted to
talk real quickly about the primary
election in Texas because you were one
of the founders of the Justice Democrats
and now you're no longer are on the
board of that an organization you still
support those candidates and of course I
have my rebuttal about that whole
incident with the Justice Democrats on
the Jimmy after-dark video maybe you
guys could check that out I talked about
a little bit but anyway so tell me about
what happened in Texas with the Justice
Democrats how they do so I think they
did pretty well overall there were seven
races that it had justice Democrats in
them they lost two of the races two of
the races are gonna go to a runoff
election where the justice Democrat is
still in it and then three races they
flat out won so overall it's not bad
because I mean if you think about the
fact that justice Democrats don't take
any corporate PAC money the fact that
the person who
raises the most money in a congressional
election wins over 90% of the time but
somehow the Justice Democrats managed to
win three of seven races and make it to
two runoffs I mean that's those are
encouraging facts those are encouraging
numbers to me I think so too I so that
was encouraging also there was a justice
Democrat running unopposed yes that was
one to be so to be fair I think so he
won two races actually against opponents
and one of the races where they ran they
were running against nobody so that one
is kind of like a layup yeah okay so the
Justice Democrats are on the board
they've got won some primaries sometimes
things are happening out here and now
talk about beta O'Rourke now everyone
made a big deal out of that he didn't
take corporate PAC money but did that
mean he didn't take corporate money I
don't so there was a bunch of people
asked me during like a live stream I was
doing who I supported in the Texas race
and I have I had to be honest with
everybody and tell them ever since I
left Justice Democrats I wasn't
following it too closely but the the
mumbles on the street was that there was
a his opponent was actually more
progressive and not of course not there
was one corporate opponent and then
there was another one I think her name
is Seema Seema Seema Fernandes I think
it is and supposedly she was to the left
of bado
and bado Beto's good and that he doesn't
take corporate PAC money I don't know
about his other donations but I know
that he's not a justice Democrat and
there were back when I was with justice
Democrats and we were in talks with him
he he's like almost too wonky in my
opinion in that like so he's for
Medicare for all but he would tell us
that like he wasn't for it exactly how
the bill was drafted therefore he
doesn't want to come out and say he's
for that particular bill talk about HR
676 in the house and you know I I was
one of the people who had to try to
convey to him like dude listen we'll
deal with the particulars later but you
have to run on Medicare for all you
can't get overly wonky and be like well
I don't
the exact way that it's done in HR 676 I
want to do it a different way so bla bla
bla bla bla so so you can fete you
conveyed that message to beta or ork it
like it was jankura who conveyed that
message to beta or ork but that was the
gist of it when he was in talks with
justice democrats one of the things you
know justice democrats let him know is
you need to be like you have to be
populist and left-wing as well you can't
just be left-wing it because if you get
overly wonky and overly technocratic you
sound like you're in favor of
incrementalism and gradualism and if
you're gonna be a justice democrat i
need to be a populist left winger so you
need to be clear about what you're in
favor of and those things like medicare
for all free college living wage and the
wars new New Deal legalized marijuana
and the drug war like you have to be
able to talk about these things in a in
a very clear way where it pierces
through and one of Beto's issues was
that he's kind of kind of wonky and
almost too smart for his own good
okay so I here's the now here's the so
that's the good news so now here's the
here's the bad news
bait or or ket somewhere a little over
600,000 votes whereas Ted Cruz got
double he got about 1.2 million yep so
that's a that's not that doesn't bode
well yeah I know it's an off year
election and have what so that helps but
it doesn't it seems like Texas is still
super red as far as on a state level no
no yeah I agree with you I think there's
too much made of like Democrats love to
do this whenever there's like a little
bit of a tick in a democratic direction
they love to act like that's it Texas is
going to turn blue in the next election
and you know and it's just it's possible
that beta O'Rourke can beat Ted Cruz but
we need to not kid ourselves because
like I said I think he's too wonky and
too technocratic and if you really want
to win here's the trick if you're a
Democrat and you're in a red state and
you want to win it's very simple well
you have to do you have to hammer away
on the economic populism
I wouldn't talk at all about social
issues I would just hammer away because
look at what happened in West Virginia
for example they just had the teacher
strike and it worked so this is deep a
deep red state but what's something that
unites people in deep red states
economic populism so if you can get
people to fight for a living wage and
Medicare for all and free college and
you hammer away on economic populism
unionization then you'll get support in
a red state but there's no way that
you're gonna do well in a red state if
you get overly bogged down in issues
like abortion or guns or issues like
that you have to almost stay away from
the social issues and hammer away on the
populist economic issues and I'm not I
don't know enough about beta O'Rourke
but my instinct about him is that he's
gonna have campaign managers whispering
in his ear and telling him to go in the
wrong direction because as you and I
both know Jimmy Democratic campaign
managers are are the worst ever about
anything yes they're not fantastic put
it that way they're stuck in last
century that's for sure
and well so now going forward for the
Justice Democrats what's the what's the
next big good test for them um you know
I don't know I mean I guess the 2018 the
the actual elections themselves would be
the next big test okay I would guess
that that's it now let me ask you about
that now it seems to me that even after
Trump Kyle even after Trump the people
who run the Democratic Party seem to
have not gotten the message I'll I'll go
back to a year ago when they had the
first woman's March and Jennifer
Palmieri went on Meet the Press and said
that doesn't mean those people in the
streets won $15 minimum wage I mean
that's just out of line I just almost
knocked me off my chair when she said
that and going all the way till today in
Texas the corporate Democrats were
actually smearing progressives in a
primary the releasing opposition
research which are not small anyway
they're doing all their cheating Steven
Jaffe there
they won't get rid of super-delegates
they're still gonna have super-delegates
so what do you think about all that and
do you think the Democrats are really
reformable still I think you're right I
think they're definitely still doing
that and this is unfortunately totally
predictable because when Hillary Clinton
lost it was immediately after that
within the next week corporate Democrats
came out with their response and who to
blame and they argued the problem is
Hillary Clinton was dragged too far to
the left yeah by Bernie Sanders so the
price so the thing is at the after every
election loss it doesn't matter how many
times neo liberals and corporatist get
wiped out from coast-to-coast the answer
is always gonna be from the elite class
the problem is you weren't right-wing
enough the problem is you weren't
corporatist enough the problem is you
weren't neoliberal enough that's always
their answer and that's always their
answer because that's the answer they're
paid to give because they can't baked
into the cake is the idea that well we
have to serve Wall Street we have to
serve a big pharma we have to serve the
for-profit health insurance companies so
in their minds they think we could be as
left as possible within that narrow
spectrum which is already super far to
the right on the political spectrum so
that's why you're in a position where
you I'm a I believe in purity tests I'm
one of the few people who comes out and
says yes I actually believe in purity
tests in fact I think purity tests are a
no brainer
I file that under the duh category
because that's you saying I actually
believe in something these are the
things I believe in and I'm gonna fight
tooth and nail to achieve these things
and if you don't agree with me on at
least a certain number of them well then
why the hell would I vote for you
so I think we should have a purity test
of taking no corporate PAC money
Medicare for all free college living
wage ending the wars and that's the only
way that you're gonna have progressives
win and frankly Jimmy I don't care if
the progressives who win are inside or
outside of the Democratic Party I just
care about policy
you know I'm somebody who I live in new
so I didn't I didn't have to deal with
the much more difficult question of
whether to bite the bullet and vote for
the lesser evil in a swing state so I
voted for Jill Stein and I think you
should always vote for the most
progressive option that's available to
you on the ballot so I altom utley I
don't care if it's a wave of
Independence that win I don't care if
it's a wave of people in the green party
I don't care if it's a new party I don't
care if it's people taking over the
Democratic Party in fact my idea is I
think we should have an all-of-the-above
strategy in terms of fighting back
against the corporate US and against the
Republicans and neoliberal Democrats and
the way to do that is to support people
fighting back in every way imaginable
and yes to have a purity test and to be
unapologetic about it in fact I think
the people who have a purity test should
be getting a giant thank you because
they're the reason why for example you
had a corporate Democrat like Kirsten
Gillibrand say I'm not taking corporate
PAC money anymore and you have somebody
like Cory Booker now bending to the will
of progressives because progressives
that came out and said we're not going
to support you under any circumstance
when Cory Booker decided to vote against
cutting the prices of drugs in Bernie
Sanders bill so it's people who have a
purity test who dragged the Democratic
Party to the left and dragged
politicians to the left and without them
if everybody just you know bent over and
and gave the neoliberals exactly what
they wanted then the party would keep
going further and further and further
right but it's because of people who say
hell no and who are unapologetic about
it that were we now have the potential
of maybe getting some progressives
elected whether they're Justice
Democrats or people who are elected
outside of the party you said that
you're for all the above strategy
getting progressives elected as any one
of those strategies involved in all the
above does that include voter shaming no
really no no voter shaming come on you
know voter soon you're not gonna make
people feel badly for voting their
conscience well that's what I don't know
if you saw my tweet the other day but
the what's his name Brian Schatz
politician he was talking about how this
is a this is an election that we all
need to vote straight down the line
Democrat if you need to this is not a
time to protest
sit home or vote third party and my
response to him was hey idiot you're in
the Democratic Party if you want people
to vote for you go make a case talk
about what you're in favor of right now
instead of shaming people because if you
shame people all that's gonna happen is
they're gonna roll their eyes and say
what the hell are you for tell me what
you're for so I want to vote for you so
that's so I just say two things
hopefully clearly about that is that
what that guy Schatz is saying is he's
doing more of the Pied Piper strategy so
what Hillary Clinton did was made sure
that Donald Trump was her opponent and
ultimately made sure Donald Trump became
president because she was the only
person he could probably beat so what
they did was they wanted to make Donald
Trump the nominee in the Republican
Party so you would now have no choice
but to vote for Hillary Clinton and how
dare you so that's their whole plan and
when people on the Left decided to go
along with that plan in my opinion you
are doing the exact same thing and
hoping for a different outcome that
we've always gotten and we dodged a
bullet with Trump a guy who shoots
himself in the dick three times before
he gets out of bed in the morning by
tweeting and we so we're taught so the
whole thing of if you keep pledging your
vote to these corporatist war mongers
they know they got you and here's this
guy Schatz using that exact same theory
at some point you have to break that
and even the unions now agree with me on
that right so even the teachers union
the postal union the afl-cio they've
even decided that we gotta stop voting
for the lesser of two evils
so my whole thing I mean that's exact so
the Democrats haven't learned anything
they're still wagging their finger at
people with no money and no power even
as the Democrats today or yesterday
Chuck Chuck Schumer allowed a bill to be
voted on and 17 Democrats went along to
gut the Wall Street regulations 17
Democrats sign on and people go well the
judge Chuck Schumer didn't sign on to it
yes he did because he could have blocked
that vote when it became for a motion to
proceed we
he didn't block that phone he let it
happen sure he voted against it for his
own cover but he it didn't do what he
was supposed to so right there screaming
about stormy Daniels the Democrats are
colluding with Trump to make
sure our economy crashes again that's
what's happening right now and no one's
and so you stand there still and that
guy Schatz is what he's doing kyle is
exactly what Hillary Clinton did and
everyone went along with it well I was
just in one election ahead of everybody
else I'd go along with that
anymore
are you still going along with that no I
mean I always vote for whoever I think
the best candidate is I mean that's a
pretty simple calculation to make at the
end of the day who do I agree with the
most and then I'll vote for that person
so Doug Jones I mean the thing that's so
disgusting is looking yes okay what Doug
Jones did Doug Jones won his election in
Alabama and he had a wave of poor people
and women and people of color come out
to vote for him and then the second he
gets in office he stabs them in the back
and he stands and then he thinks the
thing that's so frustrating to me Jimmy
is that some of these Democrats might
actually be stupid enough to believe
that by casting that vote they're being
moderate and centrist and therefore they
they have a better chance of winning in
the next election but that nothing could
be further from the truth because now
all those people who came out and vote a
few in the last election you just
stabbed your base in the back and now
your base is not gonna come out to vote
for you and you stab them in the back
because in your mind you perceived that
you would get some phantom moderate
Republicans who weren't gonna vote for
you anyway but at the end of the day
that's the lie they tell themselves
because ultimately what doug jones is
doing is he's doing the bidding of his
donors he's doing the bidding of Wall
Street and that's what the entire
Republican Party does and that's what
the corporate Democratic Party does and
that's why we need a wave of people
saying I'm not gonna take this anymore
and here's what I stand for and if you
don't fight for these things that I want
then I'm not simply not going to vote
for you and I think I'm a little more
hopeful now because we're starting to
see even the worst corporate Democrats
like Cory Booker and
kirsten gillibrand they're buckling to
the base because they have no choice so
ultimately you should but the only
reason they're starting the buckle is
they realize they're not gonna be able
to win without them exactly if they's
out they could which the by the way Tom
Perez still does if they if they thought
they could they would keep doing what
they were doing but now but believe me
cory booker is nothing but a head-fake
but let me just say this can i just
break before about doug jones you were
talking about doug jones in alabama and
so if you're not familiar with doug
jones right so those were I think black
women came out 95 percent for Doug Jones
I mean and they organized and they got
people out to the pole and they got that
guy elected and then they got wet first
this is one of the first things he does
is to vote against them and setting up
for our economy to crash again and who
gets hurt the worst right not the 1%
those people were people right so they
go well he has to give this Chris
Matthews at MSNBC Kyle he'll tell you
well yeah Doug Jones he has to be
allowed to vote that way so he can get
reelected and I say what's the
point of electing him in the first place
if he's not gonna go do you want
him to do if you yeah
oh he could get elected so we could keep
doing we don't want them to do
there's no bigger vote than this vote
right now because this is going to set
up again the casino is going to be
brought back to Wall Street and we're
gonna crash the economy again probably
