hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest today
allison Hartson is running for Senate
against Dianne Feinstein and everybody
else and she's a progressive she's a
justice Democrat and I first became
aware of Allison when she was working
for Wolf Pack I don't know if you know
what that is
but that's an organizations that is
trying to get money out of politics and
she's been very successful at doing that
in fact she's an orchid she organized
over a thousand people in California the
past AJR won a resolution in support of
the constitutional amendment to end
corruption in politics she doesn't went
on to be the National Director for
Wolfpack passing this resolution in four
other states so she's a big winner she
knows how to organize and she's got the
right politics
please welcome Allison Hartson hi
Allison how are you hi Jimmy I am so
good and I'm so excited to be here yeah
well you know I'm big fan of your work
went with Wolf Pack and you've always
had the right ideas so why don't you
tell everybody what made you want to get
into this race for Senate it was my
experience with wolf pack so as you
mentioned wolf pack soul mission is to
get an amendment to the US Constitution
that will overturn citizens united and
related cases so that we can get big
money out of politics and in a in a
matter of a few months I became the
California State Director I organized
thousands of volunteers throughout the
state and we we got our measure passed
through the California State Legislature
I then went on to do the same thing in
New Jersey and then again in Rhode
Island with full bipartisan support and
so I'd say that because it was my
experience traveling around the country
and working with legislators in almost
every state where I realized that if
we're going to actually get the
progressive policies passed that we need
to we're gonna have to do it ourselves
being on the outside and asking them to
do the right thing
asking them to vote their conscience
asking them to protect the people
against corporate interests it's not
working and so and it's definitely not
working fast enough
and so we have to continue to grow the
outside grassroots it's so important but
we've also got to be on the inside and
so my goal in running for US Senate is
to take our voice and our our movement
directly to the doorstep of Congress
alright well that's that but people
don't realize how hard it was for you
and the organization to get that stuff
passed like especially Rhode Island
right when you started the vote was
something like 26 to 1 against it
correct yeah it what I learned through
Wolfpack is how legislation really gets
passed and the 1001 ways that it dies
uh-huh and that's really important too
it's important to have that kind of
experience when going in to work in the
legislature because there is a
difference between policy and politics
and you have to figure out how to meld
those two together and part of being a
representative of the people and working
with other representatives the
representatives of corporations but
hopefully what that won't be for too
long part of that is understanding how
people work it's relationships and
that's what I saw in because you know
you go into it and I Eve lis thinking
okay we've got the policy we have the
right ideas it's common sense let's go
in and get it passed and then nothing
happens how does that how is that
possible and then you start to see the
ways in which personality dynamics work
like in a place playard like in in like
grade school right you know it's just
kind of grown-up grade school right it
is in some to some degree it is and so
that's you know just having that
experience yes is really important but I
did absolutely learn how difficult it is
it takes so much work there's one
legislator I worked with who said that
people talk about conspiracy theories
and how it's a conspiracy when
legislative good legislation dies and he
says no it's a conspiracy to get
legislation passed
[Music]
so there's that too and and so yeah
there's a lot of work practically blood
sweat and tears from volunteers
throughout the entire country but it was
also really motivating to Jimmy the
number of people who have come together
their full time they're working full
time many of these people are parents
with kids I can't tell you how many of
our volunteers were giving their
children a bath while on a conference
call with us to discuss strategy for
passing our legislation the next day I
mean it's just incredible how many
people around this country really are
stepping up to do the right thing so we
need to keep that going while also
running for office so we've highlighted
on this show the inability of elected
Democrats to answer the straight
question which was posed in a San Diego
congressional Town Hall what is it that
the Democrats stand for so let me not
say the Democrats but let me say you as
a progressive running for Senate what is
it that you stand for and just answer
that real simply progressive policies I
guess if I had to put it into just like
a very quick phrase I really want to get
back to putting policy over politics
which policies we definitely need
Medicare for all oh okay I mean at this
point we're talking about it so much
it's almost like obvious to me but it
can't become so obvious that we don't
keep talking about this because we have
to fight for it okay we need Medicare
for all we need a living wage tied to
inflation and ice ice a living wage
specifically not $15 an hour because by
the time we pass it it may be higher
right and I don't know that $15 an hour
federally is going to be good enough
maybe it will maybe we'll need it to be
even higher in some states and now and
they'll deal with that and we'll take
the average but we need a living wage
and we need to tie it to inflation we
also need free college for all for all
students who earn their way into college
we need universal preschool so preschool
is a really good indicator of people who
are going to wind up in college so
investing in preschool is also an
investment
College as well really so people who go
to preschool are more likely to go to
college crazy I didn't know that you
really did it
no they studied that yes yes in the
first and actually it depends on also
some some cultures we determine
preschool starting at a certain age here
we look at preschool I think starting
around age two or three something like
that but there's a huge movement right
now happening for educating children at
like birth and the and how important the
first three years are so one of the
things I'm really interested in is
actually universal preschool like
starting at birth or six months even
that and and it wouldn't be necessarily
mandatory but for those who want it they
would have to be able to do it for free
because what happens is they when kids
start to read and they start to gain an
interest in learning it accelerates that
and feeds on itself through grade school
through junior high through high school
and it increases their chances of going
on to get a higher education by the way
I was a high school teacher for ten
years prior to doing Wolfpack so that's
why that's why I'm talking about this
and I'm so passionate about it so let me
just get in it so when I asked you what
you stand for you say yes single-payer
medicare-for-all you stand for living
wage right which is not exactly a $15
minimum wage because it depends on where
you're living what part of the country
when it gets passed all that stuff and
what about education are you for free
college tuition in-state universities
yes okay and what about just public
education are you are you a supporter of
public education or the new thing the
Neal Liberals are doing is trying to
privatize everything especially
education and inserting they're trying
to insert corporate values into
education which those two aren't those
things don't go together
for instance they had the race to the
top the Barack Obama under Arne Duncan
and their way to get test scores up was
to have schools compete and whoever got
the highest test scores they got more
money well the people who need more
money are the people who are failing not
the people who are succeeding so as a
backwards thing that's why corporate
ideology doesn't work with education
what do you do with the
look you just cut them out no you're
supposed to go help them so that's why
it's not the same thing so what would
your position be on public education in
general so I taught in public school for
10 years and so I'm a huge supporter of
public schools and I chose to teach in a
public school even though there were
people who told me it's a mess you
should go into private schools you have
smaller class sizes they're doing better
things but when you look at what's
happening with our charter schools in
particular they're pulling funds from
our public schools right and obviously
that's going to hurt our public schools
even more and then they turn around and
blame educators in the public sector for
our for the failure that's happening in
the public schools and look there are
real honest conversations we need to be
having about how to strengthen and
improve our public schools and I want us
to have those conversations but it has
to start with what's the root cause of
it all which comes back to the fact that
because our government is being
privatized so too are the sectors that
the government is operating so that
means that our public schools are also
being privatized while also being
defunded because we invest more in the
military-industrial complex we invest
more in our prison industrial complex
and we invest more now in charter
schools and then turn around and go WOW
all of these bad teachers if they would
just work harder yes it's it's so beyond
offensive so you think that helps you
give a good idea yes well we try to tell
people on this show that you know Steph
used to teach in you know or
million-dollar houses a Blue Ribbon
School and they gave her 40 kids to a
class so and it's like no one cares
right you guys are paying unbelievable
taxes and this is how they're spending
it so instead of giving you another
teacher or a clothes smaller class size
or a helper for each teacher like they
do in Finley no there's three teachers
in every classroom in Finland right yeah
so and that's why they do fantastic so
instead of doing things like that what
we're doing is we're scapegoating
teachers right and it's you know what's
happened in Wisconsin when they took the
collective bargaining rights away from
the teachers now they've done a study
cut was at five years later
average payin packages are low $10,000
lowers lots of experienced teachers
quits right so that those are your moat
does your best teacher so they quit so
my point is that privatizing and taking
the unions away from teachers is not the
answer because what we want to do what
they do see here's the thing that they
don't do Ellison in every other part of
these capitalist free-market society if
you want economy if you want a better
person to sign up for your job you raise
you entice them with more money or a
better path or something right they
don't do that with teachers they're
doing the exact opposite they're making
it less attractive to be a teacher and
then they wonder why they're they act
like there's a line from here to Florida
for people waiting to become teachers
there isn't there are teacher shortages
now in Wisconsin because qualified
people don't want to go be scapegoated
for society's problems right that's
what's happening isn't that would you
say that that's exactly right I don't
know what the exact stat is now but I
know that teachers have one of the
highest turnover rates see I think it's
within like the first three years and
that's a huge huge problem like we go
into teaching because of our love for
community our love for children our
belief that if we can provide equal
opportunity for everybody through a
quality education that you can aspire to
do and be whatever you want in your life
and with all of these good people going
into education with those ideas and
leaving and saying I'd rather go work in
the private business sector if this is
the way my life is gonna be I mean it it
has to do with low pay it also has to do
with lack of support we don't have
enough training I remember my first year
my first three years was insane like
everything that was thrown at me that I
had to figure out all on my own on top
of this kind of like jumping through
hoops through support suppose a training
and support but not like really a lack
of support and that's because of the
lack of funding it's because there isn't
the kind of support that we really need
in those classrooms which includes a
smaller class size I'd like to see a
smaller ratio of teacher to students
which we were talking about a couple
decades ago and now that all of a sudden
nobody's talking about that anymore
we also need a a ratio of counselor to
students as well and counselors right
now because of standardized testing at
least this was happening in my district
I don't know if this is happening in all
the others but I have to assume it is
counselors are being turned into testers
essentially there they are the ones who
are organizing all of the standardized
testing pamphlets making sure that they
that that all of the testing papers that
the students use the booklets and the
scantrons and so forth I mean to do that
for thousands of people in a school
takes weeks and weeks of preparation the
counselors are spending more time doing
that than they are actually counseling
our students and I worked in a
working-class school it's predominantly
1st and 2nd generation students from
Mexico the last thing they need is to be
sitting there for weeks taking these
tests I agree and it's it's it's not
that we don't need to make our classes
more rigorous we do we do need to have
really be encouraging our students to be
critical thinkers and I was known as one
of the toughest teachers on campus I
really really believe that we've got to
make some improvements in our classrooms
but the way to do it is not through
defunding us and increasing our class
size right and then and then pointing at
us for all of the failure right
scapegoating well you certainly know
your stuff that's fantastic it's oh and
you know one thing I wanted to add too
because you're talking about like
preschool and all this goes up to third
grade with like reading level and
increasing in chances of going to
college the other side of that is though
Teta students who fall behind in reading
I think it's by the third grade the
chance of them winding up in prison is
significant Oh No kidding
yeah wow you really do know your stuff
well let me ask you this first of all
it's very encouraging
I never heard politicians talk about
education that way it's I think half of
it is they don't they don't understand
it I can't believe of all of the
politics that we talk about in this
country how much we are not talking
about education below college there's a
lot of talk about college football and
we need it and on
gonna fight for it but we are not
talking about secondary education and
preschool enough not even not even a
skosh and I've even been advised by
people to not talk about it because it's
not the the controversial exciting sexy
thing to talk about in politics right
now
well damn and I'm gonna make it because
it's that important as far as I'm
concerned that's that sounds like the
stuff they used to tell Bernie Sanders
right Yeah right nobodies anyway yeah I
wish to Bernie you got to have you got
to be handsome and you got to be good
speaking and you got to do this with
your thumb when you talk and turns out
he didn't do any of that stuff he did
all the wrong stuff and he filled
stadiums yeah so and the reason why was
because he had a message that people are
hungry for people are hungry for
authentic for authentic politics so much
and we haven't been getting it ever
especially since 1992 coincidentally
enough so you're running is it what they
call it justice Democrat right so tell
me why what does that mean and why are
you doing that justice Democrats are
running is like the left wing of the
Democratic Party essentially we are
running as progressives against
establishment Democrats and I couldn't
be prouder to do that the and it's
really nice to to have the support of an
organization that is able to help us run
these campaigns and then also we have 51
justice Democrats running across the
country at this point so and there's
three of us running oops scuse me
there's three of us running for US
Senate and then the rest are running for
Congress so imagine even a fraction of
us getting into Congress
I feel so supported just knowing that
that many people around the country are
doing this alongside with me and it's
it's I just couldn't be prouder
okay well that's that's but a lot of
people would say that you're being
divisive we already have a senator in
California who is a Democrat well she's
not a demo just because you have a D
after your name doesn't mean you're a
Democrat and I think that people are
waking up to that reality just because
you have an are after your name doesn't
mean that
you're a Republican and so she is a
corporatist some people think that she's
a Republican or a Dino not a dinosaur
died a Democrat name only and she's
proven this time and again with her
votes
you know she voted for the Bush tax cuts
no kidding
the Bush tax cuts let gave us one and a
half trillion dollars of debt mm-hmm and
she's not gonna pay for that no you know
who does we do posterity that's right
we're gonna pay for that our kids are
gonna pay for that that's what she voted
for right she voted for the Iraq war no
kidding the Iraq war cost seven trillion
dollars so she voted for us to spend
seven trillion dollars to kill hundreds
of thousands of civilians for an what I
consider to be an illegal war voting for
a war where you don't have hard evidence
that justifies us going into that war as
far as I'm concerned is treason she does
not deserve to be sitting in office I
can't believe that she's still sitting
in office after the votes that she has
cast she supported the TPP she's against
glass-steagall she supports the death
penalty what's the difference between
her to repeat you're kidding me oh she
she was for the TPP yeah she opposes
glass-steagall people don't know what
that is that's the New Deal banking
regulations that the Clintons repealed
in 1999 along with the Congress and and
then within ten years our economy
crashed because they started treating
Investment Banking as a casino hopping
right and gambling with our money
so I'm sorry go ahead well since you
