hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and rod placode hi hello and you can't
see rod but he's here he's writing our
stuff for us today cuz our our dough is
sick hey guess what so you know trump is
acknowledging the Jerusalem as the
capital Israel that's very problematic
it signals an end of the two-state
solution and it just looks like they
just want to beat up on the Palestinians
for the rest of the time and keep it an
occupied territory that's what it seems
like it's an open-air prison and so the
UN was getting ready to draft a
resolution condemning the move the
capital to the Jerusalem and well here's
what nikki Haley said at the UN the
United States will remember this day in
which it was singled out for attack in
the General Assembly for the very act of
exercising our right as a sovereign
nation we will remember it when we are
called upon to once again make the
world's largest contribution to the
United Nations and we will remember when
so many countries come calling on us as
they so often do to pay even more and to
use our influence for their benefit
America will put our embassy in
Jerusalem that is what the American
people want us to do and it is the right
thing to do no vote in the United
Nations will make any difference on that
but this vote will make a difference on
how Americans look at the UN and on how
we look at countries who disrespect us
in the UN and this vote will be
remembered thank you hey don't
disrespect us hey we got like a long
memory and I'm saying you don't want to
disrespect us
so they did they disrespected them this
is from the Guardian the UN votes
resoundingly and rejects Trump's
recognition of Jerusalem as the capital
and the sub-headline there is the United
Nations bodies debate and vote
highlighted for a second time in a week
the internationals isolate international
isolation of the United States over the
Jerusalem issue tell the UN that the
North remembers and she said American
people I was never consulted were you
guys I was a consultant or not yeah I
was sitting here thinking to myself when
was the last time I sat down with
friends and we're like move the Capitol
embassy come on we're gonna remember the
people who pepper its bombs remembers so
here's from the this is from the
Guardian they go the United Nations
General Assembly has delivered a
stinging rebuke to Donald Trump voting
by huge majority to reject his
unilateral recognition of Jerusalem as
Israel's capital the vote came after a
redoubling of threats by nikki Haley and
the US ambassador to the UN who said the
Washington would remember which
countries disrespected don't disrespect
me in public you want to disrespect me
in the lobby of the Bally's Hotel
despite the warning 128 members a
hundred and twenty-eight countries voted
on Thursday in favor of the resolution
supporting the long-standing
international consensus that the status
of Jerusalem which is claimed as a
capital by both Israel and the
Palestinians can only be settled as as
an agreed final issue in a peace deal
countries which voted for the resolution
included major recipients of US aid such
as Egypt Afghanistan and Iraq they all
bucked nikki Haley and Trump and the
State Department and the United States
and they voted against the that he voted
for this thing so those are the people
they were threatening are you gonna get
our know some of the people Nicki was
threatening we're gonna take our money
away although largely symbolic by the
way it's just a symbolic
vote the vote in an emergency session of
the world body had been focus had been
the focus of days of furious diplomacy
by both the Trump administration and
Israel including Trump's threat to cut
off us funding to countries that did not
back the US recognition but only nine
states meaning nine countries including
the United States and Israel voted
against the resolution so that means
without United States and Israel only
seven other countries in the entire
world even with all the money we give
these people all the militant they still
wouldn't go along with us only seven
other countries in the entire world
we're obviously in the wrong here the
United States is obviously SuperDuper
wrong here the other countries which
support in Washington were Togo I they
great great sandwiches you go to todos I
do all the time
togo's Micronesia right would they make
some great software the Micronesia I get
the windows did you get Windows I
Micronesia nehru they make those great
jackets all right those Nehru jacket uh
Paulo which I don't even know that was a
country never even heard of it Paul
Nehru Paulo is actually a game you can
play in a swimming pool
Nehru powwow the Marshall Islands and
Guatemala and Honduras
those were the countries supporting us
and you didn't even have to forget
Poland and he says yeah this is similar
to like lately toward the Iraq war where
everyone was against it yeah except for
a handful of countries that was yeah
we're just ok United States Togo same
thing
Mike Micronesia Nauru Palau really
scraping the bottom of the barrel of
nations to join us in this stupid thing
so it's obvious we're totally in the
wrong 22 of the 28 European Union
countries voted for the resolution so
Europe is behind this who else who in
Europe is against the United States and
Israel on this who the UK
France Germany which in the past has
abstained on measures relating to Israel
decided to vote in favor this time so
our biggest allies in Europe against us
on this the UK the you freakin Kay who
did Libya and frickin Iraq with us 35
countries abstained including five
Eastern European states and other US
allies including Australia Canada
Colombia and Mexico they abstained but
guess what they did do like for instance
the ambassadors from several abstaining
countries including Mexico use their
time on the podium to criticized Trump's
unilateral move so even though they
didn't votes for this they abstained
they still wouldn't made a speech
against Trump and the move and and so
here it is here's the vote the General
Assembly is now voting on draft
resolution a /es - 10 / el 22 entitled
status of Jerusalem so I want to go back
to this so there's all the countries
voting for it
there it is everyone in green is voting
for it Afghanistan voting for it
Albania Algeria Angola Belarus
Bangladesh Barbados Belize Bolivia
Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria that's
just in the B's we're still in the B's
everybody's for it France Germany Greece
there's guac whatta mala so that's it
all the red if you cannot I know it's
too small of a thing but if you look at
the Reds those are the people voting
against it if you took all the countries
voting against it you wouldn't be able
to sink a battleship Koretz a few there
are that's how few there are so in favor
128 against 8 and then we have the 29
abstentions so it's very obvious right
to everybody that again United States is
in the wrong in the middle east once
again like we always are in the middle
isn't that amazing
we're
always giving it wrong in the Middle
East and it's got nothing to do with oil
or the petrol dollar and so here is Jake
Tapper covering it did any just so did
anybody see this no I did not hear was
Jake Tapper now I used to call Jake
Tapper a straight shooter I always
thought he was earnest and tried he just
was in a bubble and he gets things wrong
sometimes dad is no longer true so I'm
gonna watch you I'm gonna play this for
you so now you know the story so now I'm
gonna show you how Jake Tapper the CNN
lead newsman how he I don't know maybe
they say Anderson Cooper is but here he
is Jake Tapper here's how he covered
that story this may be one of the most
disgusting pieces of journalism I've
ever seen this this may be the worst
thing I've ever seen this may be the
worst thing I've ever seen ready
yesterday how United States ambassador
to the United Nations nikki Haley said
the US would be taking names of
countries that supported a resolution
critical of the Trump administration's
decision to recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital well let's hope Haley
brought a lot of pens and paper because
128 countries voted against the United
States today many of them US allies only
nine countries voted with the u.s. there
was so a lot of the US allies voted in
favor of it I bet he's gonna highlight
those countries that are our allies who
voted in favor of it right three five
abstentions among the 128 countries that
voted to condemn the us on this issue
were some countries with some rather
questionable records of their own take
you mean like Sweden Norway France the
UK Germany you mean like those countries
Venezuela's representative today the
world is not full sail the world is not
for sale and your threats imperil global
peace the u.s. imperils global peace as
the representative of venezuela a
country in a humanitarian disaster with
violence in the streets an economy and
kalique complete collapse citizens
malnourished dying children being turned
away from hospitals starving families
street gangs to scrounge for food on
what moral platform does the government
of Venezuela stand today now as we have
done of course the US Wow what are you
doing what is he doing so do you you
stop what he's doing is called
propaganda that's what he's doing
he's literally backing the Trump regime
he's backing the Trump White House on
this this is what Jake Ted so Jake
Tapper decided instead of doing the
story we just did highlighting how
horrible Israel's is and how there in
the United States and that were being
universally condemned even after the
threat of money that's the story Jake
Tapper is deciding to tell you that the
people who voted against the United
States they're the ones who are wrong
that's what he's doing right now this is
the you know they have that term now
what about ISM which is often misapplied
by the way this is what what about ISM
is this is him doing propaganda for the
government well and also I want to point
out another thing and this is
problematic on so many levels but just
the exceptionalism that's going on here
too he framed it as you're voting
against the United States you're not a
voting against the United States you're
voting against or in favor you're not
voting against the United States by
voting in favor this you're voting for
something that affects the world stage
your voting for a particular issue that
affects the entire world that's why you
get a vote on in the first place you're
not voting against the United rates the
world does not revolve around the United
States so it gets worse
so got an earful today from Syria we're
in the seventh year of the brutal Syrian
civil war that has killed half a million
people and displaced million Syrian pray
that was funded by the United States we
were in bed with al-qaeda and al-nusra
and Isis and Syria the CIA was training
them funding them we were the one
fomenting that civil war we were doing
that he doesn't mention that why is he
even bringing this up why is he
doing this hi Sheryl Assad has used
chemical weapons against his own
citizens including children so he just
repeats he just says that's a patent lie
that's a life you investigate any of
these things you know that's a lie and
so he district now he's just pushing it
forward his effect you know it's a lie
right Ron that there was no chemical
attack by Assad ever on his own people
the two that they said he did had been
disproven this is disgusting
death you want to say so yes because at
the very beginning of his story here it
every time he's alright
all he has to do is the next country
that he stays just roll his eyes that's
that's like get a load of them they have
crime in their country they have civil
war civil unrest kids are starving
people in the street want better lives
look at them how many people die knee in
the knighted States because they can't
get health care exactly thirty million
people don't have health care in America
Jack Jake Tapper what gets worse also
feeling a bit preachy ticket today Yemen
which helped draft the resolution
condemning who we are currently who has
committed a genocide against them it's a
disaster and we will doing that disaster
we're doing it we're starving people
children old people
we're selling cluster bombs to be used
in Saudi Arabia we're doing all that
stuff so this is like international war
propaganda scapegoating red herring
mislead Isis santa phobia all wrapped
into one like five minute report like
they got it all this is work that gets
worse it's gonna get worse and I can't
believe it gets worse in the u.s.
seemingly more focused at least during
the speech on where the u.s. puts its
embassy in Israel than on the 7 million
Yemenis on the brink of starvation in
that country civil war you can do both
you can condemn that movie of the
capital to Jerusalem and you can worry
about the people in Yemen I'm sure the
government of Yemen is worried about the
people in Yemen that we're
killing Jake we're doing that the United
States in conjunction with Saudi Arabia
the most oppressive regime in the world
is killing innocent people and babies
and children they're doing what they
call surge warfare were you which is a
war crime and we're doing it we're doing
it this is mind blowing now if you ever
it before thought Jake Tapper was a good
newsman here's a video letting you know
who Jake Tapper is Jake Tapper is a
propagandist of the highest order of the
highest order and I'll play the rest of
this vividly circumstances that our
region is experiencing and which
constitute a threat to international
peace and security
Yemen concerned with stability in the
region interesting there are plenty of
policies and actions that are perfectly
valid to criticize about the United
States and about Israel and certainly
whether this move will help the peace
process in any way seems one of them but
listening to these countries including
North Korea and Myanmar and Turkey and
China lecturing the United States in any
way about human rights and peace might
seem a bit much but here is a bit of
context that you might not know how
about all the other countries he doesn't
even mention to you how about the UK
lecturing us how about France lecturing
us how about Norway how about Sweden
what how do they prepare this saying
what of like were they just like based
like make a list of the countries that
voted in favor that are easiest for us
to on and give me some good sound
clips what is he doing what is this in
aid of that that were that they're wrong
they're right on this Jake
according to UN watch which monitors
United watch the United Nations General
Assembly from 2012 through 2015 has
adopted 97 resolutions specifically
criticizing an individual country and of
those 97 eighty three of them have
focused on Israel that is 86 percent now
certainly Israel is not above credit so
this is about anti-semitism Ron that's
what he's saying wow this is
anti-semitic
this is anti-semitism that's what he's
claiming so and it does
it doesn't matter that is so is the UK
anti-semitic his France anti-semitic is
me I've we know German he used to be
really this is what Jake Tapper's doing
there's a little more ISM but
considering the genocide of the row
hanga people in Myanmar the lack of
basic human rights in North Korea the
children starving there's lots of bad
 going on and guess what what's
happening in Israel Palestine is also
one of them so now you can never fix a
problem because there's other problems
around according to Jake Tapper Jake
Tapper I can't even think of the words
that I wanted to use to describe who
what he's doing right now and what kind
of a person he is so Jake Tapper is
forever off the good guy list does he
end this segment with give it up for the
troops and airline food is whack because
I feel like that's the only way you can
dismount I feel like that's the only way
in the streets of Venezuela the citizens
of Syria targeted for murder by their
own leader using the most grotesque and
painful of weapons you have to ask is
Israel truly deserving of 86% of the
world's condemnation or possibly is
something else afoot at the United
Nations something this here it is Wow
without heat it allows the
representative of the Assad government
to lecture the United States for moving
its M that's a I that is the the most
disgusting thing I've seen in journalism
that's there it is
and he's doing it with a straight face
at the top of his lungs on CNN and you
wonder why people get their news from
YouTube you wonder why people don't
trust establishment news you wonder why
they don't trust you wonder why when
Trump says it's fake news it lands even
though what he's doing right here is
taking Trump's side in the most
disingenuous sophomoric way
possible you notice he doesn't have
another guest on when he does this cuz
nobody else would sit through this he
doesn't have anybody else time to talk
about this this is just Jake Tapper at
240 miles an hour
doing propaganda and he's doing at the
behest of the Trump White House that's
what he's doing
this is your recent cuz he's one of the
big resistance guys on Twitter Jake
Tapper is Jake Tapper uh the opposite of
a newsman he's the opposite now we
always knew people at CNN and MSNBC
they're not real news men right they're
not gonna ever say anything that he gets
pumpkin I guess 30 $40,000 a day
they're never gonna say anything that
jeopardizes that and that's why he does
this because he is a paid liar
Jake Tapper is a paid
propagandist and if there's anybody
disagree with this after seeing that I
mean how is your mind blown run this is
pretty impressive
as far as all of the propaganda tools
they've wrapped into one report you know
usually they cut it off at like you know
two or three but this one has I mean I
rattled off at least like five if you
guys are against the Capitol being moved
to Jerusalem you're anti-semitic
according to Jake Tapper yeah you're
anti-semitic countries all these
countries a hundred and twenty eight
countries it doesn't get worse than that
and Jake Tapper doesn't deserve to call
himself a journalist he's not he's a
propagandist he's a TV talker he's a
 news reader he's not a
journalist Jake Tapper's the opposite
this is the this is worse than just this
is horrible and you and people are
afraid that trump's talking about World
War three this guy's propping up the
thing that's gonna lead to World War
three Jake Tapper is right now
Jake Tapper misinforming everyone he's
making you think that the world is
 up and Trump and Netanyahu have
it right that's according to Jake Tapper
right now the world is messed up the
