how everybody walk with a Jimmy Dorsey
oh look who's here it's the visible
liberal of Ron placode I'm miserable
howdy howdy and your t-shirts are now
available those t-shirts she's wearing
those are available at our stores so go
help support the show so guess what
there's a guy named Jeff Flake he's a
senator from Arizona him and Trump are
enemies he likes to talk he likes to be
the conservative with a conscience right
this is what Jeff Flake is so he's not
running he just he and now he's not
running for re-election so inflated so
Trump has been and him have been
fighting and he's not gonna run for
reelection now we bob Corker is already
not running for reelection bob Corker is
the guy who's vocally saying that
Trump's legacy will be the debasement of
our country that's what bob Corker
senator republican is saying now here's
another Republican senator saying he's
not running by the way corker not
running again for re-election so that's
why he can speak freely Jeff Flake not
running for reelection so he can speak
freely but why is he not running among
Republican primary voters there's
overwhelming support for Trump's
positions and behavior flake said and
one of their top concerns is whether a
candidate is with the president or
against him well flake said he is with
Trump on some issues and other issues he
is not and Trump definitely views him as
a foe having denounced flake publicly
and called him toxic on Twitter here's
what here's what flake said here's his
quote here's the bottom line the path
that I would have to travel to get the
Republican nomination is a path I'm not
willing to take and that I can't in good
conscience take I miss the days when
that Republican path was had a lot of
integrity what altruism back from the
day yeah you know back when you had to
support the Iraq war
remember when Republicans had to do that
support an illegal war that was based on
torture and war crimes yep God said it
was okay they got good God said that was
cool so here's the bottom line the path
that I would have to travel to get the
Republican nomination is a path I'm not
willing to take and that I can't in good
conscience take flake told the Republic
in a television telephone interview it
would require me to believe in positions
I don't hold on such it chooses
chooses trade and immigration and it
would require me to condone behavior
that I cannot condone he's saying that I
can't win in a primary because of my
base is has these ideas so what he's
basically saying is I'm at odds with the
base of the Republican Party maybe
you're a corporate Democrat Jeff you
ever think of that
so here he has given a little speech
let's listen her regard is normal the
regular and casual undermining of our
democratic norms and ideals we must
never meekly accept the daily sundrian
of our country so now he's talking about
Trump the personal attacks the threats
against principles freedoms and
institution the flagrant disregard for
truth and decency
the reckless provocations most often for
the pettiest and most personal reasons
reasons having nothing whatsoever to do
with the fortunes of the people that we
have been elected to serve none of these
appalling features of our current
politics should ever be regarded as
normal
we must never allow ourselves to lapse
into thinking that that is just the way
things are now
we must never regard as so I better play
it again because I know how people hate
when I stop and start it so I played
that all the way through I want to play
it again and I'm gonna stop and start it
and show you why Jeff Flake a lot of
people are allowing him for doing this
why Jeff Flake is full of okay no
regard is normal so he's upset that we
regard as normal the regular and casual
undermining of our democratic norms and
ideals the regular undermining of our
democratic norms and ideals
so apparently art I always thought a
democratic Norman ideal in the United
States was the Fourth Amendment we got
rid of the Fourth Amendment I mean it's
still there but they don't follow it we
did an illegal so was it was it normal
when we all got together do an illegal
war that everyone knew was illegal and
then no one was held accountable for
lying to the public because that's what
the Bush administration
did they lied us into a war they lied us
into a war we know that General Wesley
Clark told us they had plans to go
invade those countries before anybody
before 9/11 ever happened the prospect
for a new American Century look it up so
here we are so all of a sudden it's
Trump's norms because he's rude because
Trump is rude in public and he's petty
so but but this kind of suit weight well
let's let's go a little bit more
we must never meekly accept the daily
sundrian of our country really the daily
sundering of our country so apparently
the the Patriot Act didn't do that
repealing habeas corpus didn't do that
turning our country into a surveillance
state didn't do that that's what your
that's what the Republican
administration did with the Democrats
help doesn't gerrymandering undermine
democratic process yes gerrymandering
doesn't undermine democratic process or
how about all the goddamn voter
suppression you've been doing white out
right out in the open the Republican
Party all over the place they
got rid of the Voting Rights Act so
voting rights and they've been just
suppressing the vote all over the place
Greg Palast was on our show talking
about what they did in in Wisconsin what
they did in Ohio what they did in
Michigan there or outwardly suppressing
the vote Texas voter ID laws this isn't
invented to suppress the vote and you
didn't have any problem with any of that
 you just have a problem that trumps
rude here we go
the personal attacks the threats against
principles the personal attacks you mean
like when you outage when scooter Libya
and the Bush administration outed a CIA
agent because they were debunking their
 war their illegal war is there
anything worse you can do than start at
an illegal and moral war and kill
hundreds of thousands of people and Ally
I don't know if there's anything that
Trump has done yet that even comes at
110 percent of close to that how about
when they ordered a CIA agent to cover
up their war that but that's but that
wasn't as bad as what Trump does on
Twitter you're all upset that Trump
tweets
that's what this is about freedom's an
institution the flagrant disregard for
truth and decency oh really the flagrant
disregard for truth and decency stuff I
don't know do you remember somebody
saying there's we know where the WMDs
are do you remember uh Colin Powell
going to the UN saying we know these
aren't assertions these are facts I
don't know if remember that
that's called a blatant disregard for
the truth and what you did was you lied
to the world and the world knew it which
is why you didn't get approval to go
into Iraq and you did it anyway on a lie
and that lie led us to torture torture
war crimes as a matter of policy and
then we did it in Libya they were dead
in Syria we're still doing in
Afghanistan we're trying to export it to
to a Somalia and Chad and Yemen and we
name it and and at the same time all
this is happening kids in America are
starving right by the way there's 30
million people who don't have health
care in America Jeff that doesn't upset
you but Trump's tweets are driving you
nuts
I think Jeff Flake is talking like
things were just hunky-dory until Trump
got here yes this is just his audition
tape for the Democratic Party
it looks like it's pretty much always
doing it looks like it the reckless
provocations most often for the pettiest
and most personal reasons
the reckless prob provocations again the
Iraq war was not a reckless propagation
we set the Middle East on fire that
wasn't a reckless propagation us trying
to start World War 3 with the Russians
in Syria that wasn't a reckless property
Barak Obama ran out of bombs in Syria
but that's all not none of that's
reckless I don't know if you know none
of that is reckless how about when we
sold does chemical weapons to Saddam
Hussein and he used it on his own people
was that reckless reasons having nothing
whatsoever to do with the fortunes of
the people that we have been elected to
serve none of these appalling features
of our current politics should ever be
regarded as normal we must never allow
ourselves to lapse into thinking that
that is just the way things are now
we must never regard
okay so I'm just gonna show you that can
I just say this yes at this point you
know how about Jeff Flake you start and
stand up for Puerto Ricans yeah how
about before you have this speech that
you go and stick your neck out yeah for
what's happening in Puerto Rico how
about that how about standing up for
people are having their vote taken away
from them how about for American
citizens who are not taken care of how
about that how about standing up for
those people no how about the people who
can't can clean water in Flint going on
for years no that's that's not
outrageous in the richest country the
face of the earth has ever seen we're
poisoning our own citizens with for
money no problem with that though he
votes with Trump all the time so Jeff
Flake Republican senator from Arizona
his score how often flake votes in line
with Trump's positions ninety one point
seven percent of the time what a
dissident he's got almost eight percent
Trump almost 9 percent Trump's margin of
victory in Arizona in the 2016 election
plus three point five predicted score
how often flake is expected to support
Trump based on Trump's 2016 margin sixty
percent of the time and Trump plus or
minus differences between flakes actual
and predicted Trump support scores
thirty one point one so he has voted
with Trump's positions ninety one point
seven percent of the time though lots of
these votes are nominations
that's from Jeremy Blake well John
McCain has taught us you don't need to
do much to be considered a maverick
that's right one vote
he might qualify that the junior senator
from Arizona will be the only Republican
lawmaker in the American so this oh this
is from about while ago us the junior
senator from Arizona will be the only
Republican lawmaker in the American
delegation accompanying Secretary of
State John F carry in the latest
reminder of flakes unusual willingness
to chart his own path on some of the
nation's most divisive issues so there
he is breaking with his party again and
sidon going on with the Democrats on a
range of matters Cuban relations nuclear
negotiations with Iran and immigration
policy to nay
a few flakes has found himself more
deeply aligned with the President Obama
than conservatives in his own party so
it sounds like he's a corporate Democrat
which means he's a centrist just like
Obama he sent her right that's not a
Santa Mama's not a centrist Obama's a
right winger he I'm not that's not my
words that's Barack Obama he said he's a
Republican my policies are moderate
Republican which means center-right not
center center-right and Jeff Flake went
along with them so this isn't a big
break for Jeff Flake he was going along
with Obama before so now he's praised
trying to act like it's a big principled
thing and it's because he was probably
gonna lose his primary because the
people don't agree with him in his party
and this here's gene park tweeting out
he says Jeff Flake was already starting
to break with the GOP before Trump not
dominated it that's from 2015 once known
as a right-wing firebrand Jeff Flake
tries to be a different kind of modern
Republican that's from the Washington
Post com here Stephen Cruz tweeted this
out it is clear at this moment that a
traditional conservative who believes in
limited oh this is I think what this is
from his statement this is from um flake
it is clear at this moment that a
traditional conservative who believes in
limited government and free markets who
is devoted to free trade who is Pro
immigration has a narrower and narrower
path to the nomination in the Republican
Party the party that for so long has
defined itself by belief in those things
it is also clear to me that for the
moment we have given in or given up on
those core principles in favor of the
more viscerally satisfying anger and
resentment to be clear the anger and
resentment that the people feel at the
Royal mess we have created are justified
but anger and resentment are not a
governing philosophy and that Stephen
Cruz tweets that out and says Jeff Lake
is teaching a master class on dignified
principled governance I'm just gonna say
that I don't think it's that it's
certainly not a master class and it just
sounds like he doesn't like the base
anymore of the Republican Party and he's
upset that Trump tweets because don't
I'm looking for I haven't seen his
speech denouncing war crimes
I haven't de'cine his beats announcing
the repeal of habeas corpus or the
surveillance state or he's upset about
the Iraq war being illegal or the
torture reports there's an actual
torture report that got buried by the
way he's not upset at anything he's not
at the hundred the eighty billion
dollars extra everybody just decided the
Democrats and Republicans and Trump went
along to give to the military-industrial
complex which we don't do which would
they don't need they don't even want
he's not upset at that stuff that's that
that's not the problem
no they talk nice for that stuff or the
wreath or the trying to repeal health
care from from people that already have
it that wasn't a problem or the thirty
million Americans who already don't have
it that's not a property these aren't
problem the problem is that Trump is
tweeting and the base doesn't like him
so now he's gonna pretend he's making a
principled stance that's my
interpretation anybody else have an
interpretation I think that's pretty
right on okay I think he might have just
woken up from a sound sleep for the past
like twelve years yeah sounds like he's
like who's this guy he's a jerk what am
I wait what's this suit for I don't know
just offer a differing theory and now
here's John McCain coming to Jeff Lakes
defense on the Senate floor and I don't
know if you know but the worst thing in
the world is when someone's trying to
help you they actually end up burying
you so you I don't know maybe this isn't
a big deal but here we go
believes in knowing full well that there
would be a political price to pay I have
seen him stand up for his family
I've seen him Sanders stand up for his
forebears who were the early settlers of
the state of Arizona in fact there's a
place called snowflake Arizona
and obviously and that's where Jeff
Flake is from it's what he's gonna say
it's like he's trying to kill him yeah
Jeff Jeff is a snowflake as we like to
say on the right
he's from snowflake Arizona that's why
we came up with the term snowflake
he's literally there's a place called
snowflake Arizona and obviously the
flake part comes from his direct
predecessor hey a good thing he doesn't
come for a good place a good thing there
isn't a place in Arizona called cook
Arizona because he would have said he's
from there it's right next to cuck
Arizona snowflake Arizona
that's where Jeff's from you take a
right you go over to cook that's that's
not helping right no yeah I appreciate
the help but don't help so uh that's the
big news Jeff Flake is not gonna run for
election and and he's making it sound
like it's because of Trump but it's
really because he's not in line with his
base anymore turns out that the
Republicans are a little too radical for
you but it turns out the base still
supports Trump so I wonder what judge so
Jeff Flake must have been offered a job
or something
he's got a big job coming with a
consulting firm or he's gonna be on a
board of something or something but
there's believe me right that's coming
probably yeah and or he might just
relocate back to snowflake which I heard
you can drive there getting straight on
haters and losers Boulevard the next
live Jimmy Dore show is November 6th in
Burbank California and November 12th and
Portland Oregon link for tickets right
there
