hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have special guests with us sam
tripley from the tinfoil hat podcast hi
Sam how are you good to be back things
for me on hey you got any shows coming
up yeah - scuse me September 14th and
15th the tinfoil hat comedy night is at
the corner comedy club in Niagara Falls
Canada just go to the corner comedy club
calm it's myself at E Bravo's night
comedy and conspiracies come check it
out it's gonna be a great time all right
look at that
Niagara yeah I've never been tonight the
nice side okay well do you remember this
this is from 2012 when the Democrats
were still sane and they tweeted out
Romney who calls Russia our number one
geopolitical foe doesn't seem to realize
it's a 21st century remember that that
was in October of 2012 the 80s called
Mitt Romney ha ha
remember that and here's here's airs
from 2016 Obama did not discuss Russian
election meddling with Putin then he
would bring it up when they met in
November after the election he didn't
even bring it up you know why he said
the Brahmas said he did not discuss
Russia's alleged meddling in the u.s.
elections during his short conversation
because that's behind us Obama told
reporters during a press conference at
the asia-pacific economic and Trump said
that imagine if Trump had a meeting
where I didn't bring it is behind us
people will go nuts oh yeah but but it's
ok alright so I just want to remind
people because I'm setting up a story
bob'll and he said blah blah so ever
since then though the the propaganda
machine is been going you know a million
miles an hour look at this
hey Russians compromise election system
in seven states oh wait the DHS tells 21
states they were hacked oh my god here's
those 20 where's what we know about
those 21 states hey it's been third now
it's 39 frickin states and the final
verdict was 57 57 states they doubled up
on a couple stats so the reason I bring
this up is because I was talking about
something on Twitter was and someone who
was a follower of this show and of me
said well you have to admit that they
did hack into our elections and they
linked this this was the article so
people these articles are still up by
the way this are
pickles still up so this article this
has all been debunked this is a stupid
thing from DHS 21 and here's how it goes
Russia this is from that article that
said there was 39 states that were
hacked Russia's efforts to hack the 2016
presidential election were much more
widespread than originally thought the
Russian campaign hit 39 states twice as
many as originally reported and in one
case hackers tried to delete the and
alter to vote data that's the startling
revelation from a Bloomberg report this
morning the extent of the cyber
intrusion was so widespread that Obama
administration officials used the
infamous red phone which which is really
a digital communications channel that
allows the countries to send information
back and forth to show Kremlin leaders
that what they had discovered it's weird
because Barack Obama had a meeting with
Putin and he didn't say goddamn think
about it isn't that weird but here box
is sure that he used the red phone even
though it's not a red phone I'll G it's
a red phone same one they hadn't Batman
I was what I thought it was and here's
the here's it here's my run when you
were talking about off the air he says
what will often happens is they'll have
a big headline and then 18 paragraphs
and they'll say something like this it
remains unclear though if these
intrusions had any direct it gets better
the but in an indica Lal so says the
administration meaning Barack Obama's
administration the administration said
it remained confidence in the overall
integrity of the electoral
infrastructure a confidence that was
borne out as a result we believe our
elections were free and fair from a
cyber cyber security perspective so that
should be that could be the headline to
if they wanted that could be the
headline if they Brock Obama says that
it was free and fair this is the DHS
under secretary Christopher Krebs he was
testifying in Congress and 11:29 seven
so that's November 29th 2017 okay and so
they had the DHS had given this big
headline to all these newspapers that 21
security 21 states were hacked and you
know how they did you know how the DHS
and let them know it they called
they called the state's attorney
secretaries of state and they had a
script written for the person who would
call them and they would read a script
and it was about 12 or 13 sentences long
and it said you've been hacked and they
provided no information they provided no
data no nothing no anything and so
people in Congress asked the DHS to send
it and so here's a congresswoman
interviewing the undersecretary
christopher krebs the Undersecretary of
the DHS asking them where the heck is
that information and there we go mr.
Krebs I wanted to ask about your
agency's efforts did just to notify 21
states about Russian attacks on their
state election systems on October 20th
ranking member Cummings and I sent a
letter to DHS requesting copies of the
notifications you sent to 21 states that
were attacked before the last elections
mr. Chairman I ask unanimous consent
that this letter be made part of the
official record for today's hearing so
order in our letter we also ask for
other materials including all documents
and I quote relating to Russian
government backed attempts to hack state
election systems our letter asked for
these documents by October 31st but we
got nothing so earlier this week the
Republican committee staff kindly agreed
to help us make crystal clear to DHS
that we wanted these documents before
today's hearings so we could ask inform
questions
DHS assured us and they would respond
instead late in the day yesterday
DHS sent us only an email with a short
script that DHS employees apparently
read over the phone to state election
officials mr. CREB I'm just so so they
requested all this they compresses the
evidence of the hacking and you know
what they were sent nothing except the
script that they were reading to the
secretaries of state over the phone
telling them that there was a hack they
gave them the script that didn't give
them the evidence it was one step ahead
of a robocall yeah it was just one level
above so let's let's listen a little bit
more to this asking where are the rest
of the documents that we requested ma'am
I'm aware of the script that was
provided and a lot of those
notifications were over the phone there
by email there may have been some
follow-up conversations as to the rest
of the documents if you if you'll permit
me to go back and I commit to you that
we will have a more fulsome answer for
you but so he didn't know that he'd they
requested those documents before he came
to that's this meeting to this hearing
he didn't know really the undersecretary
didn't know that this person
specifically who's on this committee was
going to ask for those documents because
she had already asked for those
documents yeah oh I guess I can get them
for you
if you'll allow me some time I have word
on my computer the most recent version
and I'll get on that yeah that way maybe
they didn't say anything because there's
nothing to say because there's nothing
to said there's nothing to send there's
no evidence of anything this starts from
a bunch of servers at the DNC yeah that
CrowdStrike goes hey FBI don't look at
this and it's just snowballed into this
is stereo that nobody cares about like
polls are like and I don't even believe
in polls but these polls like less than
1% care and they just keep going oh you
mean the ball Sam a lot of the polls we
did it over the phone so you're talking
about the poll that showed that less
than 1% of Americans think the Russian
hacking or Russia gain is the biggest
problem we have less than 1% of nobody
so we're gonna get to that another
segment to today but let me just show
you one more video Sam so here he is
again and now they keep asking about the
attack the Russians attacked on our
elections the cyber secure they attacked
these 21 states and watch what he says
about that is the nature of the
conversations we've had over the last
frankly year with the states and I've
had a number of conversations with
secretary Shetler my team has regular
conversations with Commissioner Cortes
and a range of other state election
officials when when you characterize
these things as attacks I think that
that is perhaps overstating what may
have happened in the in the 21 States as
was mentioned over the course of the
summer the majority of the activity was
simple scanning scanning happens all the
time it's happening right now to a
number of probably your websites
scanning is a regular activity across
the web I would not characterize that as
he as
ataque it's a preparatory step so here's
the guy is hey you know all that hair on
fire stuff we said about the 21 states
being hacked and blah blah blah it's all
 that's what he just said it's
all
this is actually normal stuff that goes
on all the time you're probably probably
things being scanned right now you're if
you have a website it's being scanned
right now it's not a big deal well what
what he didn't say is what we decided to
do was conflate that and pretend that it
was this because the Department of
Homeland Security wanted to get control
of certain parts of state local and so
collections that's what this was about
that's what this is about and that's why
they're like so this Russia gate thing a
lot of people have reasons to push it
the Democratic Party pushes it because
so you don't look at what they did in
the primary which was completely to
election fraud I'm Bernie Sanders right
so that's why the Democrats don't want
you to talk about it the establishment
press wants you to talk about it because
it gets views and hits and cliques and
everything and by the way they're joined
at the hip with their political
establishment and the political
establishment wants to push it because
they hate Donald Trump because he when
he does horrible stuff it looks horrible
because he's horrible right but when
Barack Obama does horrible stuff nobody
noticed because he's nice so these
political establishment wants to get
Donald Trump out of there so they can
get a guy in there who's got a nice face
who does horrible things because they're
doing horrible things together the
Democrats helped Trump pass an 80
billion extra dollars on his Pentagon
budget they just got there got together
a fast track 15 of his judges lifetime
appointments they get the Democrats got
together to deregulate Wall Street again
so they're all getting its together it's
not policy this is at this for most for
the most part it's not policy those
cages that Trump are putting kids at
Barack Obama build him so he was a
DePorter in chief so again so a lot of
people so in the Department of Homeland
Security we find out the reason why the
what are the reasons why they're pushing
it is because they wanted to take over
certain parts of the local elections and
state elections that's why they wanted
more power so anything let's go over to
my panel because I have worse more to
the story but I just wanted to show
that's pretty awesome that here is the
guy in and by the way you'd never see
this on the news
you never see oh by the way the
Undersecretary of the Department of
Homeland Security said all that stuff
was you never see that by the
way those stories are still up all those
stories I showed you all these stories
this is still up this is still up this
is still up this is still up they're all
still up in that amazing but other
people are conspiracy theorists Alex
Jones is crazy conspiracies there is
meanwhile the mainstream news media
pushes conspiracies on the regular I how
about the Iraq war the biggest
conspiracy theory in the history was
pushed on the regular every day for
years by the mainstream news media and
now they're doing this again let me
throw it over to my panel well that
segment aired on c-span three so to be
optimistic about 14 people did see a
Jimmy but I wonder do you think like all
the people behind that guy when he said
that like oh it's just scanning do you
think there was at least one person that
was like this is a total waste of my
time holy I'm missing Taco Tuesday for
this I know buddy cares if they come on
saying it didn't happen cuz they just
want to be right I mean like when Comey
testified he said that Trump didn't make
him back off on the Russian thing he
literally came on said it and then
Rothstein said there was no interference
from another government said that and it
just comes out and they don't care
because they don't care about being
right they just want to win that's more
important and and whenever you say so
like people get really mad at me because
they go well Bhama do this Hillary do
this like why do you keep bringing up
that I'm like because you want to act
like evil just started a year and a half
ago that this has been a long game been
played for a long time by Pro Wrestling
do two heads of the same snake people
won't act like this is just a new thing
that just happened no these are all
stuff being played on I mean if you
really take a look at Bill Clinton's
administration and and Donald Trump's
administration they are so similar they
both beat like an incumbent that our
established person came out of nowhere
to win and then just their
administration just everything's
hearings and investigation all the same
time why they're just deregulating
deregulating deregulating deregulate
it's all like look over here why we just
do all this evil stuff over there
you know what Sam I haven't really made
that comparison before but I think that
is an apt comparison between the Clinton
administration in a sense and the Trump
administration when you talk about if
you look at it that way first of all the
investigation the lying the public lying
by Bill Clinton you know I never never
had sex with that woman all that stuff
and then all the deregulation that
happened right so that's what Trump was
doing again and Bill Clinton was the Big
D regulator right and he passed NAFTA
and he gutted welfare and he exploded
the prison population and he do
regulated Wall Street that was Bill
Clinton that did that so now here there
guess what the Democrats during the
Republicans again recently they did they
just gutted dodd-frank regulation and so
to do regulate Wall Street again so now
let's get back to this investor's
business daily decided to take on this
story of the 21 hacks 39 states hacked
39 bucks as now and they left it up
that's still up at Vox so this is from
investors business daily is any part of
the Russian election hacking story true
conspiracy theories instead of building
up to a troubling conclusion about the
Trump campaigns collusion with Russian
to interfere in the 2016 election the
facts about the story keep turning out
to be untrue the latest is a claim that
the Russians tried to hack 21 state
election systems but when the story
started to fall apart but then the story
started to fall apart when Wisconsin and
California said the Department of
Homeland Security was wrong about their
systems being targeted so the state's
list like I showed you that
congresswoman people from the states
started to push back against the DHS and
ask them for evidence because we don't
have any and then their story started to
scrub just crumble California found that
Russian hadn't scanned its Secretary of
State website at all following our
request for further information it
became clear that the Department of
Homeland Security's conclusions were
wrong California's Secretary of State
Alex Padilla said now get this is the
you never hear this story on the news
this is that this is written somewhere
in the investor's business daily I don't
know how the hell I found it but there
it is
it's wouldn't that be the headline every
day shouldn't that be the headline every
day the Department of Homeland about
rushing those they're all wrong
wouldn't that be the headline for at
least a week or two maybe three weeks it
would be the headline look how wrong the
Department of Homeland circuits not even
ever mentioned on the front page or at
the top of a broadcast if it's ever
mentioned at all a little bit more to
that DHS backpedaled on its claim about
wisconsin after state officials their
point out that the web address in the
DHS report was for the state's
Department of Workforce Development not
its elections commissions so the DHS
says hey your Elections Commission got
hacked here's the URL and they go no
that's not our elections commission
that's the Department of Workforce you
dummies Russia Russia Russia who knows
how many other targeted states also
weren't targeted is your state among
that non targeted targets what we do
know as judge Cho at president of the US
National Association of static state
elections put it directors put it that
there remains no evidence that the
Russians altered one vote or changed one
registration I'm gonna put that in red
no evidence there remains no evidence
just so just to highlight this there
remains no evidence that the Russians
altered one vote or changed one
registration but that didn't stop
various Trump critics from claiming that
this was further evidence that Russia
stole the election for Trump this has
unfortunately become the norm since
Trump unexpectedly won the election in
November headline-grabbing stories claim
that Russia was involved in some
nefarious election-related business and
then days or weeks later the stories
turned out to be false or wildly
exaggerated so this is and again what
Glenn Greenwald points out Sam and what
I've tried to reiterate here on this
show is that if if these were reporters
making honest mistakes instead of
printing without evidence and just
repeating what the government officials
are saying which is which stenography
that's not journalism so if it was
actually honest mistakes because they're
rushing to get a story out in love Anna
you would expect half the mistakes to go
one way and half the mistakes to go the
other way
or roughly there about except that's not
how it works all the mistakes and the
Russia gate reporting are always in the
same direction they're always come
building up a big headline saying that
Russia gate is real and we have that and
then it's always wrong it never goes the
other way there's never a headline
saying hey Russia gates all and
let's and then everybody else picks that
up and that's the story for a few days
that never happens that way it's only
the other way and that's how you know
it's and that's how you know
propaganda is happening well that's one
way there's a many ways I just showed
you of many other ways so any I saw I
again went people who follow this show
and I kind of came at this guy on
