hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show full house we got ron own
steps a Murano and grab Mel wood from
the political vigilantes with us hey
Graham how are you I'm good how you
doing fantastic I'm miserable
yes all right let's get to it right away
this is breaking although this is
reported before Muller FBI chief Muller
is now investigating Democratic lobbyist
Tony Podesta who's Tony Podesta he
started one of the biggest lobbying
groups in the world with his brother
John Podesta who's John Podesta Hillary
Clinton's campaign manager
those were his emails that got hacked
remember that so this is his brother
they're now investigating him why would
they be investigating him all because
they were they were working with Trump's
former campaign manager Paul Manafort in
lobbying the United States government on
behalf of a pro-russian political party
in the Ukraine so who was actually
working for a pro Russia party John
Podesta's lobbying firm that he
established with his brother Tony
Podesta so we already showed you that
Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton
profited hugely over the uranium deal
where they sold some uranium to 20
percent of our Iranian foreign
production went to Putin and the
Russians we already showed you that that
that Clinton Foundation got a hundred
and forty two to one hundred forty five
million dollars into their Clinton
Foundation over that Bill Clinton
himself got a half a million dollar
check from Kremlin connected bank just
for that deal we've already showed you
that corruption now there's this
corruption her campaign manager is
working for another pro-russian
government her campaign managers
brothers and his former lobbying group
so not John Podesta but the lobbying
group that he established the Podesta
group was in 2012-2013 working for a
pro-russia government in order to lobby
the United States government on behalf
of the pro-russian government
if Trump did this Rachel Maddow's head
would explode Keith Oberman would
literally start foaming at the mouth and
you wouldn't hurt there would be nothing
else happening in the news cycle but
here's another example of the Clinton
campaign being connected to pro-russia
governments affecting our government
here lobbying on our own government on
behalf of brusha he's freaking lobbying
firm that he established that let me
just start over it's not a surprise
anybody it's almost like oligarchs have
no sense of country and it's just one
big elite club around the world
it really is Wow I don't know that's it
guys that's a crazy accusation Ron are
you working for the Kremlin when you say
that no it's so funny because everything
Ron that's that's exactly it's like
rollerball like we're seeing this is how
the world was before the rollerball
movie happened yeah like they are just
slowly getting rid of countries its
countries and flags and all that stuff
it's almost just like pro sports yeah
you know because who's really running
the world are these rich people and they
don't care about they don't care about
it they don't care who has uranium they
don't care about any of it they just
care about their money and their power
and they will use this corporate media
to push to push their nonsensical
objectives to get everybody tricked
that's all they do and it's worked by
the well it's so effective so when you
do something like this when you lobby
the United States government on behalf
of a foreign government
you're supposed to declare yourself as a
foreign agent and they didn't they tried
to hide that money well that's well here
let's give you some background this is
from the AP under federal law u.s.
lobbyists must declare publicly if they
represent foreign leaders or their
political parties and provide detailed
reports about their actions to the
Justice Department a violation is a
felony and can result in up to five
years in prison and a fine of up to 250
thousand dollars now you and I both know
Tony Podesta is not gonna go to prison
for this
may pay a fine but he's not gonna be a
convicted felon he's not even gonna pay
a fine you know I doubt anything will
happen so what they what he did was he
tried to skirt the laws and not register
as a foreign agent like he's supposed to
but what they will often let them do is
then go back and refil if they catch you
so he got caught oh he caught me so now
I'll go back and refile like I was
supposed to and now I'm in compliance so
they're allowed to break the law till
they get caught and then when they get
caught they just have to go back and do
it like they were supposed to no one
else gets that except oligarchs no one
else gets that treatment political
consultants are generally leery of
registering under the foreign agents law
because their reputations can suffer
once they are on record as accepting
money to advocate the interests of
foreign governments especially if those
interests conflict with America's you
mean like they did what did they did to
Tony by the way the Podesta group was
working for manna fort he was the
coordinator and they were working for
him so literally Hillary Clinton's
campaign managers lobbying firm that he
established and founded was literally
working for the Russians right literally
literally were working for the Russians
Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton giving them
the uranium to the Russians so Paul
Manafort was overseeing the the work
that the Podesta group was doing so
literally Hillary Clinton's campaign
managers group was taking orders from
Donald Trump's campaign manager did you
follow that was that so the group the
Podesta group founded by Hillary
Clinton's campaign manager was taking
orders from Paul Manafort who was
Trump's campaign manager literally
that's how they were working together so
this whole thing when we show you
pictures of the Clintons going to Donald
Trump's wedding and them all golfing
together and giggling together it's a
big group and you're not in it hurt the
hair lobbying group working with Trump's
campaign manager
lobbying group to to lobby against the
United States government in favor of
Russia
that's what literally was happening so
the Clinton campaign and the Trump
campaign were literally working together
to further Russia's interests and and
downplay the United States wishes
internationally this is true okay well
here's more stuff coming the lobby the
lab that lobbying that they did included
downplaying the necessity of a
congressional resolution meant to
pressure the Ukrainian leader to release
an imprisoned political rival so the
Ukrainian leader Viktor young mischenko
I think I said his name correctly it's
hard to say I'm not good at this
like okhla medium and and so they were
the the Congress was going to have a
resolution meant to pressure him to
release his political prisoners because
he was Pro Russia get it Tony Podesta
and Paul Manafort worked to downplay
that resolution so with the Congress the
will of the Congress
meaning the will of the people Tony
Podesta John Podesta's brother and the
group that he founded works against the
United States interests that's literally
what they were doing that's why they
didn't want to register as foreign
agents and that's why there's a problem
that's why Mueller is investigating this
hey you were supposed to register as a
foreign agent
while we knew this last August by the
way when this story broke and they
didn't so what normally happens is they
let them go back and refile and nobody's
a criminal even if you got caught sounds
like Mueller might want to prosecute
them who knows but that's what it sounds
like it might be happening Donald
Trump's campaign chairman manna Ford
helped a pro-russian governing body in
the Ukraine secretly route at least 2.2
million dollars in payments to two
prominent Washington lobbying firms in
2012 one of them was the Podesta group
that's something Trump's campaign
manager funneled million dollars to the
Podesta group
the PR firm founded by Hillary Clinton's
campaign manager
isn't that something now do you feel
like a sucker and a chump for believing
all that Russian from Rachel
Maddow CNN MSNBC The New York Times and
The Washington Post which comes directly
from the CIA if you read everything to
see if you read in The Washington Post
and it has to do with Russia or foreign
policy that is coming directly from the
CIA so this is what literally they did
this again if this was Trump Rachel
Maddow Keith Olbermann Joanne Reid
Anderson Cooper would all be foaming at
the mouth and you wouldn't hear anything
in the news except this so 2.2 million
dollars in payments to two prominent
Washington lobbying firms and did so in
a way that effectively obscured the
foreign political party's efforts to
influence US policy so they did it in a
corrupt away in a clandestine way in a
secret way in a criminal way criminal
and that's something after being
introduced to the lobbying firm the
European nonprofit paid the Podesta
group one point one three million
dollars between June 2012 and April 2014
to lobby Congress the White House
National Security Council the State
Department and other federal agencies
according to US lobbying record so the
Podesta group was lobbying at the behest
of pro-russia government our own
government trying to alter what our
government wanted to do and they didn't
want to register as foreign agents when
they did it why cuz they're corrupt
criminals and they don't give a
about your country they care about cash
as grand pointed out and Ron pointed out
one former Podesta employee speaking on
condition of anonymity by the way this
is all from an AP article last August so
all the that's coming out now is
because Owen Mueller Mueller Podesta but
that Bueller's gonna he's gonna he's now
gonna investigate well this was all
known before nobody talked about it
so one former Podesta employee
speaking on condition of anonymity
because of a nondisclosure agreement it
said by the way we got to get those for
this Joe said gates described the
nonprofit's role in an April 2012
meeting as supplying a source of money
that could not be traced to the
Ukrainian politicians who were paying
him and man afford so it's all corrupt
it's all criminal they know that what
they're doing and they know that that
story that they're telling you about
Russia is now gonna somehow is invading
our elections and overthrowing our car
guard government somehow they know
that's a story you know who
doesn't all the useful idiots on the
Left who repeat it this is the story you
should be talking about the other story
you should be talking about is duranium
deal and the other story you should be
talking about us how both parties came
together this tie set the middle-east on
fire and are continuing to do that and
the official policy of our government
was war crimes and torture that's what
they should be talking about and how
we're now spending what could have
erased all our college debt and sent
everybody to school for free we're now
giving that to bombs in the
military-industrial complex instead
against the will of the people well
we're not gonna talk about that they're
gonna talk about Russia Russia Russia
but in the wrong way in a propaganda way
that child Podesta invented they're
literally repeating that John
Podesta and Robby Mook thought up in
their own corporate headquarters
and now MSNBC repeats it left-wing
podcasters repeat it NBC New York Times
of course the Washington Post comes
right from the CIA if it's in a
Washington Post there's a little bit
more to this in separate interviews
three current and former Podesta
employees said disagreements broke out
within the firm over the arrangement
which at least one former employee
considered obviously illegal there was
there was one dude but wait a minute it
must have been fired immediately yes not
weird to anyone else anyone know what do
you mean I gotta go take a break
yeah brings friends smells good to me
you're fired
I see cuz this is what's weird to me you
guys I was told
that corruption in America started on
January 20th 2017 that's what I was told
when Trump got elected that's when
corruption started turns out oh my god
Hillary Clinton's campaign managers
lobbying firm that he founded is doing a
legal nefarious lobbying on behalf
of Russia to thwart the will of Congress
that's what Hillary Clinton's campaign
man and now you think that she's not a
trees you know you think that if
anybody's treasonous they're all
treasonous somehow Oh Trump's us he's a
Russkie he's gonna give our country over
to Russia you idiots you dupes you
willing willingly just ingest that
propaganda you really think Hillary
Clinton and Bill Clinton have integrity
they've they've had people killed all
over the world at their behest and
laughed about it that's who they are
they gutted welfare and exploded the
prison population and then wag their
finger at black people for not voting
for her that's who they are a little bit
more to this article from the AAP
lobbyists in general prefer not to
register under the foreign agents law
because it's requirements are so much
more demanding making their activities
more open to public scrutiny oh that's
and they did not want their actions
being scrutinized they want you to think
about Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump
Trump is with Russia Trump is with
Russia and here they are in bed with
Russia and the other story we talked
about the uranium one deal where Hillary
Clinton signed off on that deal and they
got they stuffed their pockets with
Russian cash in the process of it that's
the real corruption
I like how we live in a country where
like if lobbyists prefer not to register
well yeah that's just gonna kind of slip
under the rug but but we'll go after
American bureaus and media like RT
America we're gonna make sure that they
have to pay now so that's what they're
doing to our T so now our T has does
register I'm pretty sure that's what
they're doing as foreign agents so if
you have if you work at our T you have
to now register as a foreign agent so
look so like Chris Hedges our
surprise winning journalist who told the
truth about the Iraq war so the New York
Times fired him because he wouldn't stop
telling the truth about the Iraq war
he's now considered a foreign agent
because he tells the truth about America
yeah this law has not been applied to a
media outlet in a long long time barely
ever and now they're doing it RT so I'm
trying to see if I understand this
correctly so if I understand what you're
saying correctly so Vince McMahon sat
Stone Cold Steve Austin and the rock
down and said who's gonna win is that
what happened yeah it's like
professional wrestling yeah that's what
this all is about there's no Russia is
not an enemy
no they're just part they're just
someone we do business with yes it's
professional wrestling yes you're gonna
win this match okay and you're gonna act
and you're gonna get hit with the chair
and you're gonna pretend like it hurts
and that's what that's what this is but
who gets all the uranium thence McMahon
okay so no I'm gonna there's a little
bit more so now there's a new so the NBC
article let's go to the NBC article and
they're they're reporting it kind of
mealy mouth II hmm
for instance they say man afford had
organized a public relations campaign
for a nonprofit called the European
Center for modern Ukraine so the
nonprofit the European Center for a
modern Ukraine was a cover for the who
funded them Ron who funded them remember
was the party of party of regions the
party of regions hmm and what who is the
party of regions Robbie of regions is a
pro-russian Ukrainian political party so
they funded this what's cause supposed
to be called a non-profit European
Centre for modern Ukraine potestas
company was one of look as how they say
was one of the many firms that worked on
the campaign you know what are there's a
lot of people though who knows what they
did a lot of people which promoted the
Ukraine's image in the West the
pro-russian government Ukraine image in
the West not just Ukraine the
pro-russian government see what they
left out you see how they say that Oh
many OH many firms worked on
that and they were just promoting
Ukraine oh no they were promoting the
pro-russian government at
at what at who at whose expense the
Congress they were downplaying
Congress's will which is supposed to be
our will
which is why they didn't register as
foreign agents the sources said the
investigation in Podesta and his company
began as more of a fact-finding mission
about the ECM you and man affords role
in the campaign but has now morphed into
a criminal inquiry into whether the firm
violated the foreign agents Registration
Act known as Farrow
well they did we know that we know
Podesta's group did that it's dollars
just a question of whether they're gonna
prosecute him just like when the FBI
chief now I'm blanking on his name
investigated Hillary Clinton call me
call me and he said that they found 102
emails 52 email chains that we that
contained classified information eight
of those emails were top-secret 32
secret ain't contained classified
information so just like then he goes
this is duck this is gonna sound crazy
on a couple different levels but I'm not
gonna prosecute and Hillary Clinton said
it was a mistake it was a mistake so
this is what they're gonna say it was a
mistake our counsel told us to go and
register I was just following what my
lawyer said that's what they're gonna
say my lawyers advice was to not sign up
as a foreign agent then to do it this
way but if you say we should do it that
way well then we'll go ahead and do it
it's too late you're already a criminal
oh I thought we could just come into the
bank and take it with the gun but if you
say we can't then I'll put it back and
then I'll come and withdraw out the
right way so Jill Stein just happens get
at a table with Putin and she is a
Russian operative I read to the core she
threw the election but this is just a
clerical error we just goofed it up like
boink we didn't know we're supposed to
file this thing but Jill Stein clearly
is working
with Russia there is no evidence to this
degree but just a photo at a table like
she could have shaken hands with someone
at a wedding and been convinced in
thought of just as guilty and this is
like like they didn't know so the whole
everything that's been being reported
since before election day about Trump
and Russia is called a conspiracy theory
because there's no evidence you guys
have been so you're telling me Trump is
the biggest nincompoop that we've ever
had the biggest ever sticks his
