everybody walked with Jimmy Dore show we
have special guests Richard Eskow from
the zero hours with us
hi Richard how are you I'm great man how
are you doing fantastic everybody check
out the zero hour where can they find it
this is the zero hour dot-com or
patreon.com slash this is your hour all
right so we're gonna be talking about
the the civility debate that's been
going on and so we've we've addressed it
in other clips also Alan Dershowitz
wrote a he wrote an onion piece that got
circulated by the hill and so with me
what I said is I loved it here your
thoughts on this Richard is at you know
what does it go from being normal
political debate and opinions like hey I
think we should raise taxes I think we
should lower them
you know when does it go from that to
hey you are a Nazi and I have to do I
have to stand up and stop you right so
when are you it's like when does it
become what I have to take action at
some there there comes a time right when
you have to take action
some people go so that's what that's
what the the debate has been here when
does it go from being okay I should
respect your opinion to hey if your
opinion is you know fascism I don't have
to respect it and in fact I need to
fight it like so that's the question and
so let me just give you some pretty
funny examples old here's the guy this
guy Michael McFaul is do you know this
guy right he's yeah he's he's usually
wrong about everything and he's one of
those guys and so so Bill Kristol
had tweeted out Republicans : listen to
Reagan on trade act two stops Trump act
to stop Trump's foolishness right so any
tweets a little 30-second thing of
Dragan talking about trade and then
Michael McFaul he retweets and says and
listen to Reagan on immigration and
dealing with dictators and supporting
human rights and being respectful of one
one political opponents okay
that's a mouthful Michael then someone
kind of right underneath that said
Reagan supported death squads in Central
America and was in favor of apartheid in
South Africa I guess you could say he
supported human rights if you don't
believe those populations count as human
and then he said I just posted about
that he had a mixed record for sure so
so if I murder you but not Ron I have a
mixed record on murder yes you do I'm
not a murderer
yeah okay got it
see that's the morality right there so
yeah that's the so my question is Reagan
really was doing that stuff that he
really was supporting death squads they
really weren't killing innocent people
priests right and what were they again
it's the natural thing that we do in
Central and Latin America and South
America is if your are lefty we crush
you and then we install a right-wing or
to give all your natural resources to
Western corporations and so like we did
in Honduras during the Obama
administration with the open approval of
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who
said that the military coup there should
not be overthrown and I encouraged the
them not to bring the rightfully elected
president back into office correct so my
question would be so Trump is separating
babies from their mother at the border
no people really care about that because
it's happening here right Barack Obama
had a kill list
90% of the people he killed were
civilians with his drone kill list
he's literally killing innocent people
and we knew it and no so how come nobody
kid yelled at Barack Obama's
administration when they were in
restaurants like that would be my
question like Barack Obama they were
torturing Chelsea Manning Barack Obama
we knew they were torturing a patriot
and a whistleblower and nobody went
yelled at you you know any of his people
in his cabinet
why well Chelsea was one of the folks
dozen folks I mean our goddamn country
runs a torture facility first
since for not going three
administrations
because they like his style because he I
don't know because he holds the right
fork because he's one of us you know III
one of us in quote you know I mean I I
think that this is such an important
question that people are become so
attached to candidates as heroes that
that and Democrats are just as guilty of
this as Republicans and it's not just
somebody that got voted into office
maybe voted for them maybe you didn't
maybe you like what they did here and
they didn't you don't like what they did
there and and you feel as a
conscientious person maybe as part of a
larger movement to make the world a
better place
you're gonna hammer them on this and
maybe you'll give them a little you know
palette or something a little jolt of
approval when they do something right
because people then they just want to
think oh he's so wonderful I love my
president and I like you know its
liberal authoritarianism majeure
outsource your own conscience to a
person that you find charismatic and
appealing it's one of the things that's
really wrong about our democracy today I
the we've said that those same
sentiments on this show many times and
you know it you know those cages that
those kids are in they were built by the
Obama administration right so now what
we were hoping for in a sense the silver
lining if there is one to a trump
presidency is that he now puts an ugly
face on the horrible stuff that we've
been doing and people are waking up to
it so now people are you know people
were tweeting out pictures of kids and
cages from the Obama administration
saying this is Trump and no this is
what's been going on buddy so now that
is actually happening so let me give you
one more let's do one thing here here's
Schumer says not it's not American to
call for harassment of political
opponents so that's not American I don't
know this country was faced on a
revolution where we decided to kill our
political opponents that was that's a
fact
also the civil war okay so I so say it's
not American it ignores history when put
it that way maybe it's I don't know
maybe it's not a modern-day American
value I'll give you that but then this
is I think by the way Adam Johnson
caught this over at fair I'm pretty sure
that's right got it I got this off
Twitter so I can remember
exactly where I got it but then here's
Chuck Schumer Schumer says it makes
sense to strangle Gaza economically
until it votes the way Israel wants so
apparently it's not you shouldn't harass
political opponents but you should
 economically strangle them yes
just be polite in your eyes while you're
doing it anyway Netanyahu is polite
that's the kind of politeness that that
you know while you're shooting them and
kids by the way
yeah while you're taking their medicine
away you're be polite about it it is
horrible when kids are put in cages but
you know what else is horrible when kids
are put in a giant cage in Gaza
pardon my language and everybody says
well we we may have a little difference
on Israeli policy no we don't have a
little difference we have a
life-and-death difference on Israeli
policy and if you think that's okay you
and I have fundamentally different moral
values so Chuck Schumer saying you know
we we are polite Chuck Schumer thinks
it's okay to be polite to Elliott Abrams
who directed those death squads for
Ronald Reagan who then worked for George
W Bush who's still around all these
people still have you know what's the
name of the guy negroponte day all these
people who did these horrible things you
can see him at the dinner parties I'm
fine yeah you know kind of get you the
you know an order for what Henry
Kissinger still in he just got honored
by Harvard and I you know I met Daniel
Ellsberg this weekend oh you did and and
I was think about he gave me his book
and I was reading his book on the plane
I was thinking you know here's a guy who
everybody loved him because he released
them and by everybody I mean this kind
of people were talking about now right
the voter shamers he released the
Pentagon Papers during the Nixon
administration what would they have said
if you released the Pentagon Papers
during the Barack Obama administration
or the John F Kennedy administration you
know would they or the Bill Clinton
administration wouldn't they have said
what they're saying about Edward Snowden
yeah he wouldn't be their hero he would
be their enemy because you know what I
like that president he's charismatic he
makes me feel good about myself
well we you know we don't have to
imagine what they would say it actually
happened Edwards known and in Chelsea
Manning actually happened and how did
the government respond to it well they
decided to torture Chelsea Manning
literally torture Chelsea Manning that's
how Barack Obama his government handled
it and he allowed it to happen so we
have a whistleblower telling truths
about the crimes our government commits
and then Barack Obama torches that guy
that's his that's his reward for doing
that and then we have Edward Snowden
who's also a pariah and he's they
revoked his visa so he's stuck in Russia
so he didn't go to Russia I'm like by
his own volition like he didn't wanna
stay right they revoked his visa when he
was in transit so now he's stuck there
and so it's a good political propaganda
for him but we know exactly how they
deal with it right and let's not forget
what Julian Assange is going through
look at Julian I know you want to talk
about the way whistleblowers are being
treated and how especially Democratic
establishment I mean Julian Assange used
to be a hero then all of a sudden he
revealed some stuff that made the DNC
look bad and he's peace to blame for all
this now and they don't care what he's
going through
so there's have you seen this it's the
paradox of tolerance it's called so it's
called the paradox of tolerance and it's
by philosopher Karl Popper and over
there it says should a tolerant society
tolerate intolerance and then this guy
says with the Nazi thing on his forehead
you want more tolerance respect my ideas
right so but the philosopher says
shooter's tolerant society tolerate
intolerance no the answer is no you
should not tolerate intolerance right so
if someone is so they're saying if
someone is a Nazi you should not
tolerate that behavior so that all right
so then down here it says when we extend
tolerance to those who are openly
intolerant the tolerant ones end up
being destroyed and tolerance with them
and he's using again the Nazi example
any movement throughout the bottom panel
any movement that preaches intolerance
and persecution must be outside of the
law as paradoxical as it may seem
defending tolerance and and requires -
not tolerant requires - not tolerate the
intolerant so if you want to defend
tolerance it requires not tolerating the
intolerant because of your intolerance
your views are outside of the law
that's what they're saying so if you're
advocating fascism so if you were
advocating for against rights for gays
so that's what they're saying you can't
tolerate and tell you can't say well I
respect your opinion although people do
like I never respected people's opinions
when they said well I don't think gauge
to be Amerigo I don't respect that rip
in Yin so I don't understand why you
have to raise so that's what that's what
this guy says Karl Popper again it's
it's a really a tough call because every
administration is is doing war crimes
right the of the United States right so
you go back to you know Ronald Reagan we
just talked about him Bill Clinton
well Chomsky says that any president
would if you applied the Nuremberg rules
standards they would all be war
criminals so I guess we're okay when our
presidents and our governments are
hurting people overseas but when they do
it to people right here at the border in
our country where they get upset
well we're not that upset we let them
kill a thousand black guys yeah every
year in the street but go ahead and part
of its the limitations of empathy that
people can empathize with kids that they
see in cages and they know it's Texas or
Maryland or whatever but somehow it
seems we they can't empathize with the
kids who are in the wrong end of a
missile a drone missile being fired in
Yemen or you know and that's just that's
their failure that's their moral failing
it's not anybody else's it's them if you
if you're not as upset about a kid being
killed by a drone missile in Yemen as
you are by a kid being held in a cage
away from his parents then you have a
moral shortcoming that you need to work
on I'm sorry it works that way well and
let's keep in mind we live in a country
where we have a media they love to show
those weapons taking off they never show
them landed that's right oh absolutely
that is that yeah Brian Williams likes
to not in his pants when the missiles
take off but you know hey when you want
to see if they blew off someone's head
Brian you still got a hard-on probably a
problem yeah well I don't know so I get
here's that here's the big debate did
you tolerate intolerance and what what
constitutes intolerance so these are all
you know I I thought that when we were
going to the Iraq war I knew it was war
crime I knew it was wrong you knew
probably did it something anybody who I
think advocated like when the politician
said well the evidence they were lying
right because I'm dumber than they are
and I knew it was and so they
knew if they had obviously they knew
that it was a lie and so they're they're
the moral superior of no one the people
who voted for the Iraq war there are
moral superior of no-one they're all
murderers if you voted for the Iraq war
you're a murderer
I do you agree with that statement mean
that's a pretty big statement for me to
make but I can make it because I'm
beholden to no one and I'm a nightclub
comedian I don't have to answer to
anybody and I'm not looking for a job in
politics but I don't know could someone
like you say something that bold would
you agree with that or what yeah no yeah
in a sense I mean I certainly think if
you voted for that war you have a lot of
amends to make and if you voted for that
war because you believe them then you're
stupid to get smarter you really believe
that anyone believes that they had WMDs
are you kidding me you know I
think people believe what they want to
believe yeah I I think that as long as
somebody says to me you know if I'm one
of these people and I'm a senator and
I'm a Hillary or I'm John Kerry and I
want to run for president and somebody
says to me well you know they really
what will get how about if we get
general Powell down here to tell you
that it's true then I say okay general
pop you know I mean I think that that's
the moral elasticity that takes place
but Bernie didn't vote for it
Oh Barbara we didn't vote for it you
know so and yes I knew it was -
and yet 90% of this country I don't know
about you but I felt like an alien in my
own country - you know I just who are
these people but that's not hearing this
I was in the gym and everybody's like
really you know people are gonna kill
those prophets you're not falling on you
know empty lots
you dehumanize the other you make yeah
exactly you know the first call for the
MTV did a series with a kid a teenager
who lived in Iraq and then they had to
stop that as soon as the bombing started
they were like oh this is getting too
real that's we now we got to know
somebody we're bombing and so they exact
they didn't do they never did that again
do you have to dehumanize you know
that's why you don't they're not allowed
you're not allowed in war to feel
fraternize with the enemy that's that's
like treason right yes you can be
charged that you could be you know
charged for that and why why is that why
can't you fraternize with the enemy
because after you look at the picture of
her guys kids you can't kill him
you know so what you get to know someone
you can't kill him we were getting to
know Iraqis and watch what's by the way
Anthony Bourdain said the Iraqis nicest
people he's ever met and he's been all
over the world he said I knew they were
nice but the nicest Iran I'm sorry
that's right her red thank you for
pointing that out you got ahead of
yourself on the worst sketch I said but
the arrangement yeah you got the next
one inside of the last one the next ones
coming Iran is coming so but what just
overall on this civility debate what are
your thoughts well you know I have a lot
of thoughts about Amy first of all
Maxie you know I could say well Maxine
Waters maybe you know maybe she
shouldn't have said what she should
maybe she's playing in the political
arena
she should have stuck to the political
arena I don't know but once she said it
Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi
whatever happened to solidarity what
happened to you backup your people
whatever happened to you know what you
just keep your mouth shut if you think
she didn't say the right things say
something else you don't have to knock
her you don't have to call people on
American because they have a different
view of things that you do and you know
what the more it so if my first thought
was you know she shouldn't have said
that but what the hell is she Marin
Pelosi doing and then the more I thought
about the Bertha well why shouldn't she
say that why shouldn't she say and I
felt this way during the last Bush
administration too and I got I remember
having it when Ezra Klein was still here
in town he and I had at an online
argument about it I was like no I'm not
gonna sit down and have cocktails with
Condoleezza Rice no because I'm not
going to come to her piano recital she
did piano recital II he was everything
no I don't want to hear her play piano
she's killing a bunch of kids in Iraq
IIIi know sorry I'm not going to show up
and what she can't we like just kind of
be courteous to one another not not me
you know and he
if Condoleezza Rice walked into a
restaurant well whoever jumbo walked
into a restaurant next to me right now I
probably say look you know if you're not
leaving I am because I'm not gonna have
dinner with you you know I'm not gonna
end and if that's uncivil too bad
because you know what nothing that I do
could possibly hold a candle to what
happens every minute of every day
because of what these people are doing
so the more I thought it Chuck Schumer
radicalized me on this issue because I
thought you know politically my
political hat on yeah okay they're kind
of gonna use that against it you know
what so what
so they're gonna though use everything
against us how about if we just play
their clients 24/7 from now on and if
Maxine Waters has something on this
subject that you don't like so you know
what that's that's my sister over there
and I'm not saying she is cuz I have my
differences with her another ways but
you know that's my Ally don't mess with
my ally or I'll take you down how about
that for an attitude well it's funny
