hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
Show I'm here with Mark Thompson Emmy
Award winner and host of the edge
podcast also here with the miserable
liberal steps emerado hello hello so
let's get to the so Bernie Sanders is
running for Senate now when he ran for
president he did so in the Democratic
primary because the Democratic Party has
an infrastructure right so he needs an
infrastructure you need to be able to
get ballot access and all that stuff
which is why he chose one of the two
major parties to do it and the reason
why you almost have to do that is
because they've rigged the laws in the
United States so that we only have two
viable parties and they don't impact
even in the when we do have debates they
exclude the Green Party they exclude the
libertarians they exclude the Socialists
they exclude the Democratic Socialist
they exclude everybody except the to
corporate approved parties so Bernie had
to run as a Democrat and he promised
that if he won the nomination he would
serve as a Democrat well he he is
currently elected in Vermont as an
independent so the people who voted for
him for Senate voted for him as an
independent so when he goes to run again
as a senator he's going to run again as
an independent that that makes sense
right okay that does not sit well so the
corporate Democrats they love to say
he's not a Democrat and then they say
why isn't he a Democrat like they hate
him and but they'll beat him either way
they come in don't they'll use it as a
cudgel to hit him with either way damned
if you do damned if you don't so to the
DNC chagrin Bernie Sanders will reseat
re-election as an independent this is by
Michael senato on October 22nd senator
Bernie Sanders confirmed in an interview
with Fox News that he plans to run for
re-election as an independent in 2018
despite the Democratic Party pressuring
him to run as a Democrat last week the
Democratic National Committee rejected a
resolution that urged Sanders to
formally they had a resolution pad of
the resolution that urged Sanders to
formally join the Democratic Party ahead
of his bid for re-election in 2018
the resolution which purple was proposed
by the DNC member who has opposed
several progressive reforms is the
result of a widespread criticism of
Sanders for maintaining his independence
so Bob Mulholland came up with that
resolution that was trying to make
Bernie run as a Democrat but the DNC
rejected that resolution party lines are
more fluid in Vermont because there is
no party registration in the state
oh so that's a that's also a big reason
why he gets to run as an independent
Democrats in Vermont perceived Sanders
as a political asset not a liability it
would benefit Democrats across the
country to do the same yes it would but
they do not see they see Burton so they
see Bernie Sanders as an electoral
positive the Democrats know that he's
electoral positive but they also know
that if he and his ilk his progressive
ilk actually get elected it's the end of
their corporate Democrat gravy train
so Tom Perez is installed at the DNC
chairman at the behest of the donors not
the behest of the voters the voters want
to keep Ellison the donors wanted Tom
Perez why cuz Tom Perez is gonna kind of
keep it exactly the same he's also gonna
keep the budget for the DNC opaque
instead of transparent so let's say the
DNC spends a billion dollars and then in
the next election cycle let's say that
the consultants let's say if they get
20% that's 200 million dollars that the
consultants would get those are the
people running the party those are the
people so those are the people who are
smearing people who want to reform the
Democratic Party those are the people
who are smearing the people on the
Democratic unity Commission who want to
reform the rules those are the people
the people getting 200 million dollars
plus because the way the system is set
up right now and then all those people
they get jobs right they get jobs as
consultants they get so everybody wants
to eventually leave politics to cash in
or if you're a super criminal you just
cash in as you're already in office like
hey I think it was Harry Truman who said
the only people who get rich while in
office are criminals Nancy Pelosi became
a hundred
while she's been in office just keep
that in mind so that's the kind of
things that are happening at the DNC
right now those are the people who chose
Tom Perez those are the people who don't
just made sure there's gonna be no
reforms of the DNC and still people want
why don't you run as a Democrat Bernie
should run as a third-party and screw
them so hard because he should screw
them as hard as they screwed him because
by the way I'm gonna throw it to you
mark to me I think that's the only way
the Democratic Party is not changing
from the inside you know if the Justice
Democrats could get rid of Nancy Pelosi
Chuck Schumer Steny Hoyer you know most
of the leadership and somehow get rid of
then yes I think that would be great
then maybe we could take over this party
hey I don't know maybe maybe the Justice
camera Kratz can take over the party I
think that the way to go is a third
party and then you crush the Democrats
into because right now they're still
wagging their fingers at progressives
instead of coming to get your vote to me
that's the craziest thing in the world
you're supposed to if you need votes
you're supposed to go campaign for those
votes meaning you're supposed to go woo
people promised them stuff tell them why
it would be better for them to vote for
you Hillary Clinton do that Hillary
Clinton and the Democratic National
Committee doesn't do that for
progressives they go you vote for us or
else or else we will smear you and
slander you forever yeah certainly there
a couple of things that it's a lot to
ask Bernie Sanders to somehow come over
the Democrats who essentially colluded
to keep him out of a legitimate run for
the presidency I mean so the same party
politics that we saw played out during
the Sanders campaign alongside Hillary
Clinton is being played out now as you I
think so correctly point out it's a
two-party system it's set up as a
two-party system and you think you also
correctly point out Jimmy that the
system is so great designed to keep two
parties in place and the other thing
we're not discussing it right now but I
know you discuss it on this show is that
the parties are oddly
becoming sort of the the right is moving
further right and the left is moving
further right and you know if ever there
was a place for a real Progressive Party
I mean even if it was centrist it would
be somewhat progressive relative to the
other two yeah this the system I thought
was going to get a punch in the face the
Democratic side of the ball following
the election to be so repudiated the
part party politics on the level that
they were I thought that would be forced
and we everyone was thinking well
they're gonna have to change things like
super-delegates are gonna have to be
reconsidered now and as you so correctly
saying they're not changing anything in
fact they're tightening their corporate
log yeah they got the Corp the donors
have a hammerlock on the party still
which is why nobody says they all say
Kamala Harris then nobody says Tulsi
Gabbard he was no Tulsi Gabbard is the
person who could get right-wing votes
cuz she's a military person who speaks
us honestly about foreign policy a lot
of right-wingers are non interventionist
that's why a lot of people voted for
Trump so it's just amazing the donors
don't want Tulsi because she's about
getting money out of politics and they
are not letting go of the money on
politics here's the Peter douche I mean
Peter Dao that Peter douche is actually
the funny one Sanders refuse so Kyle
Griffin we know him we feature his
tweets on and he's a producer for the
lawrence o'donnell show on MSNBC they
both seem like fine people although
MSNBC is Sanders refused to join a
party his diehards insist he leads it
would be amusing if he hadn't helped
elect Trump so Kyle gives a little bit
of a disingenuous tweet because he says
Bernie Sanders to run for reelection as
an independent he said he'd run in
future elections as a Democrat in 15 so
that's a little bit disingenuous he said
he'd run if he / president so it's weird
it's weird when you have to like kind of
shade facts to try to make a point
that's up
and so and then Peter douche jumps right
in San Jose fuses to join a party his
diehards and sisty leads it would be
amusing if he hadn't helped elect Trump
yeah you know how the elected Trump by
when he went around campaigning for
Hillary
remember when he did that remember D cuz
no one's allowed to participate in a
democracy
except Hillary Clinton that's she's the
only person who's allowed to run Hillary
Clinton you're not allowed and he ran
the most kid gloved wearing a primary
campaign ever right after my god he said
I don't want to talk about the I don't
want to hear about your goddamn emails
well you know how Bernie Sanders made it
available and possible for Donald
Trump's podium to be filmed empty all
the time yeah right yeah you know Bernie
Sanders like just film the podium I've
got something to say but just film that
empty podium yeah maybe this guy maybe
Kyle would like to go rerun some empty
podium Trump stuff and tell me who who
got him elected by the way and really
I'm so sorry Jimmy but the whole idea
that Bernie Sanders was able to go
against that Clinton machine right and
when millions of dollars that they have
and all the super-delegates right look
Hillary Clinton didn't even adopt any of
the Bernie Sanders messages that were
clearly gaining so much traction with
voters he was filling arenas much bigger
than Donald Trump he was getting huge
crowds and of course Hillary Clinton
wasn't even in that hunt but when they
sat down and and ultimately Hillary
Clinton did I think on the minimum wage
she was a reluctant something she went
to 12
she didn't with people right exactly so
she was a reluctant participant to even
move that far right but she it wasn't as
though she was really embracing Sanders
in any way that mattered to him which
was the substantive policy issues right
right no doubt you're damn right she had
to get arm twisted although all the way
you're right she has a public position
in a private position don't forget that
so the Granite State poll done at the
University of New Hampshire they wanted
to see who the front runners were this
is a pretty early poll but they did it
anyway
and if you at the top one of Sanders so
it's really smart when people people
like Peter douche and Neera tanden and
debbie Wasserman Schultz and Pete Tom /
when they on the most popular
politician in the country and you wonder
why the Democrats are wiped out because
they're stupid and they're paid
to lose their paid losers Neera tanden
Tom Perez debbie Wasserman Schultz they
 paid losers and they don't care
that they lose because they're being
paid that's why there it is so it's it's
Bernie Sanders is topped with 31 percent
below him Joe Biden at 24 percent below
that Elizabeth Warren at 13 percent and
then Cory Booker at 6 so according to
CNN I was reading an article at CNN and
they were talking about this poll and
this is one of the quotes from that
article it said at every activist
meeting I've been to in Iowa over the
past six months bernie is the only
national democrat people are talking
about they love his message and they are
urging other candidates to sound more
like him there is so much opportunity
for someone to come in and say something
new and interesting and address the
enormous wealth disparity in America yet
only Bernie and to a lesser extent
Warren are doing it nobody else's
package something rolls out something
out put a digital campaign together and
pushed a simple economic populist agenda
remember when Chuck Schumer said we got
it we got a bold economic plan remember
that we got a book that no one they
don't have one it's the better deal
which is stupid then it's not a new deal
they're not they're never gonna talk
about FDR they're never gonna talk about
a real progressive programs I'm never
going to talk about demand-side
economics because the Democrats are
still supply-side economics people they
still want to cut the taxes for the
wealthy Trump's gonna cut the taxes for
the wealthy and guess who's gonna go
along with them the Democrats
just like they went along with bloating
the military budget of 80 billion
dollars a year seven hundred over ten
seven hundred billion over ten years
which was enough money by the way to
wipe out student debt in the country
enough money to send everybody to
college for free no discussion about it
though we just give it to the military
no discussion about it no town halls no
debates between Ted Cruz and Bernie
Sanders no Anderson Cooper going around
the country Chris Hayes rolling up his
sleeves at a town hall pretend like he
works none of that we did his did it no
conversation but when you say you want
to take that money to give it to a
college or you want to take that money
give it to your a pie in the sky fairy
dust or were you gonna who's gonna pay
for that that's the Democratic Party and
remember I always say I'd like to
remember people Hillary Clinton said
vote your conscience
and even when she said that she was
lying because she didn't mean it she
meant vote your conscience if you're a
Republican
meaning vote for someone other than
Donald Trump but if you're a lefty don't
vote your conscience by God don't vote
your conscience because you would have
voted for a green new deal so so there
we go Bernie Sanders still most popular
guy Democrats still finding ways to
on him
Jimmy mark Thompson a question do you
think what are Bernie's as he gets older
is he still a viable candidate I think
he is he'll be a viable candidate to the
day dies it's just a matter of what he
decides to do
it's just perplexing to me and I'll keep
saying it that he spent his whole career
trying to convince people to vote for
independence he finally gets her elected
he's a senator I mean he's been in the
Congress he gets it runs around telling
everybody to get rid of this two-party
system how screwed up the two-party
system is and as soon as he becomes the
most popular politician in America with
a chance to really make a change he
decides to use all that power to prop up
the two-party system which he's been
railing against his entire goddamn
career now you tell me what
sense that makes none
it makes no sense it makes no
 sense
so people are calling Bernie a sheep
herding sheep dog right so he's getting
everybody herded into the Democratic
Party why would you do that why would
you hurt everybody into a party you
 know is corrupt and full of
and cheated you and cheated the country
and gave us Trump and now they're even
becoming more right-wing so I have a
feeling that this little speech I gave
is gonna turn Bernie's mind and he's
gonna I really do I have been feeling
I'm very powerful people tell me I swung
the election I I'll do it again by the
way if you don't that mess to me I will
swing the next election so I think that
little rant I just did will make Bernie
go oh yeah what am i took her oh
 why would I put myself in the
hands of Debbie Wasserman
Schultz why don't I start and crush
these yes Betty wait up
wait a moment the the process of
crushing the Democrats and creating a
viable third party I mean a third party
that's recognized that could really
the door open the debates and and and
it's recognized in a way that can
substantively make a difference in
future elections although don't get me
wrong there was a substantive difference
made in this last election but I'm
talking you know what I'm saying that
ends up with a place at the table at the
big kids table yeah I think that's an
incremental process unfortunately I
don't see it happening by the next
election regardless of what Sanders does
the Democrats people say well they have
to lose one more election and then
they'll change they will keep losing and
they were not they're not gonna change
that those people who are now in control
the party are not changed I mean look
what Tom Perez just finished doing wiped
out the progressive voice see us often
off the Rules Committee so now we can't
change the rules we can't get we're
doing the super-delegates we can't have
transparency around the budget we can't
have we can't fix the primary
you know you have to register I think
it's already past the day one if you
want to vote as a Democrat in the
primary in New York next year you had to
rent it already in New York nobody even
knows who's running in the primary next
year so if you have a candidate who
wants to run as a Democrat who excites
people and won and makes people want to
join the party
they can't they can't so it's the
Democrats literally willing to
figuratively shoot themselves in the
foot so they don't have to win with a
progressive so just keep that in mind
there's nothing more true I've ever said
on this purse show that the corporate
Democrats Tom Perez near Tandon debbie
Wasserman Schultz Donna Brazile Chuck
Schumer they would rather lose to a
Republican that let a progressive win
and that is a fact they would rather
lose to her so you have Trump because of
them because they forced Hillary Clinton
on the country a candidate they knew in
2008 was gonna lose a candidate they
knew in 2008 half the country would
never vote for I've showed you those
videos they all knew it that's because
of the DNC that's because of corporate
money in the Democratic Party and like
Mark said they've got a hammerlock on
the party and they never let him go so
let's vote our conscience I'm voting the
party I'm not voting for the Democrat
unless it's Bernie Sanders if he runs I
don't think he will
I think he's gonna dude Green
Party go third party I really think
that's gonna happen I think the
Democratic socialists the Greens the
draft Bernie people I think a lot of the
people on the Left are gonna come
together and start a real party
and I really think Bernie's gonna jump
and I think this is gonna convince him
please subscribe
they're making it harder for everybody
to see our videos make sure you
subscribe the next live Jimmy Dore show
is November 6th in Burbank California
and November 12th and Portland Oregon
link for tickets right there
