I got this from Hillary Clinton she's
sweet she we're on a first-name basis
she says Jimmy what's happening to
families at the border right now is
horrific nursing infants ripped away
from their mothers parents told their
toddlers are being taken to bathe or
play only to realize hours later that
they aren't coming back
children incarcerated in warehouses and
according to more than one account kept
in cages this is a moral and
humanitarian crisis every one of us who
has ever held a child in their arms and
every human being with a sense of
compassion and decency should be
outraged
even as I even as I warned this could
happen on the campaign trail that trumps
immigration policies would result
Trump's immigration policies would
result in families being separated
parents being sent away from their
children people rounded up on trains and
buses I hoped it would never come to be
but now as we watch with broken hearts
that's exactly what's happening that's
Hillary Clinton well let me just tell
you about Hillary Clinton this is from
Newsweek 2014 I'm sorry this is from
Newsweek 2017 and it says Hillary
Clinton said children of illegal
immigrants should be sent back in 2014
CNN interview here's from The Huffington
Post Hillary Clinton defends call to
deport child migrants but legal groups
say virtually all unaccompanied minors
from Central America qualify for
humanitarian relief so she was Trump
before we got Trump and here's the proof
it may be safer for them to stay but
that's not the answer Clinton said
adding that they should be sent back
children who have a right to be here
seeking asylum and if given have given a
lawyer they would get the asylum Hillary
Clinton says sent him back that's before
Trump now you know how we got Trump now
you know why Hispanics didn't think that
the Democrats were looking out for them
because they weren't thank Susan
Sarandon big shows and Sarandon at the
height of the border crisis last year in
which some 68,000 unaccompanied minors
crossed illegally in the United States
along with a similar number of
female-headed family units up and
the National immigration debate in the
process Clinton said in an interview
with CNN that children should be
deported do you want to see that
interview cuz here I have it here we go
here here she is talking with Christiane
Amanpour
who was now - who's now doing a special
series on CNN about Sachs or abroad
choice let them stay in the United
States we'll send them back well two
quick points one the numbers are
increasing dramatically and the so you
know got to send them back then there's
there's way way more people in crisis
children who need asylum so I just
thought I'd fear monger a little bit at
the top because that's what that is it's
good it's really increasing oh I guess
then we should shut up
here we go or a bad choice let them stay
in the United States we'll send them
back well two quick points one the
numbers are increasing dramatically and
the main reason I believe why that's
happening is that the violence in
certain of those Central American
countries is increasing dramatically and
there is not what you have to say why
it's it's because of it's a response to
the drug war that the United States is
exporting would you agree with that
absolutely okay an efficient law
enforcement or will on the part of the
governments of those countries who try
to deal with this exponential increase
in violence drug trafficking the drug
cartels and many children are fleeing
from that violence should they be able
to stay here it may be safer but that's
not the answer Wow it may be safer for
those children but let's put them back
let's send them back to where it's less
safe for them where they'll probably be
killed let's go ahead and do that that's
what she's advocating this sounds like
Trump it gets worse do not should they
be sent back that well first of all we
have to provide the best emergency care
we can provide we have children we have
to we have to fix them up get them in
good medical conditions then send them
back to be killed this is what she's
advocating and Christiane Amanpour is on
it
that's why she keeps saying but send
them back right why are you you can see
though it's happening here okay five and
six years old who have come up from
Central America we need to do more to
provide border security and so they're
Magna Co they should be sent back now
well they should be sent back as soon as
it can be determined who responsible
adults and their families are because
there are concerns about whether all of
them can be sent back but I think all of
them who can be should be reunited with
their families and just as Vice
President Biden is being today in
Central America we've got to do more I
started this when I was secretary to
deal with the violence in this region to
deal with border security but we have to
send a clear message just because your
child gets across the border that
doesn't mean the child gets to stay so
we don't want to sent so that's exactly
what Trump and Jeff Sessions are saying
we need to send a message don't bring
your kids here we're sending that's what
she's saying we need to treat them so
horribly that that people are afraid to
come here that's what she's saying there
we go
message that is contrary to our laws or
will encourage more children to make
that dangerous journey there you go
that's Hillary Clinton that was this is
from the HuffPo that was before Clinton
had officially announced her candidacy
for the Democratic presidential
nomination since then she has taken a
more liberal stance on immigration
saying that she would expand upon the
Obama administration's executive actions
on immigration if elected and that she
supports comprehensive immigration
reform with a pathway to citizenship for
qualified undocumented immigrants her
campaign however has repeatedly declined
to answer emails from the HuffPo
about whether she thinks family
detention centers should be closed
she was choose cool
family detention centers staying open
that to Hillary Clinton is send those
kids back did you hear all the
flowery language she put around and
sending them back well we have to get
them a good medical care in heaven and
we have but we have to send a message
get these kids out of here
anything any comments this is exactly
what we warned about during the Obama
administration we said you know if you
if you let the NDAA go someone's gonna
get in like a trump that's gonna
indefinitely detain us if you if you
keep these child prisons open we're
gonna have someone like a trump this
authoritarian nightmare who's going to
exacerbate these policies and that's
exactly what we're seeing where Obama
did have this policy but because Trump
ran on this anti-immigrant rhetoric of
course Isis going to take it upon
themselves to just basically rip the
child's from their mothers arms right
when they enter the border whereas Obama
waited until you know they put these
people in Operation Streamline which is
another kind of gulag style you know
that were they prosecute eighty people
at a time in these mass hearings and I
and I went into one and I brought a
hidden camera it's extremely disturbing
they literally line up these immigrants
and just immediately just charged them
and then just shipped them off to
private prisons where they're getting
you know hundreds of dollars a day to
fill these beds and where their children
going once they're prosecuted and
charged and put in jails I mean it's the
same thing that was going on it's just
that now ice has been in Bolden to the
point where they're now again going and
and literally ripping people out putting
them in the it where they're saying
their cries sound like an orchestra or
the children's wails sound like a chorus
so again these policies are not new my
question is why are you just outraged
when you why not before I mean why are
we going back to this quote-unquote
humane deportation because Barack Obama
puts the left to sleep because Barack
Obama speaks very politely and he has
good manners and so that nobody really
gave a crap what he was doing that's the
fact I just was looking up today because
I couldn't believe it myself but at this
same point in Obama's presidency
deportations were still higher even
though arrests are actually higher in
Trump's administration I think that
because it again it goes back to the
partisanship where sanctuary cities are
now complying less where under Obama
everyone just complied yeah and deported
everyone yes
and so now you see more of a riff but
again where is it coming from
it doesn't seem genuine where's the
moral compass from these people and and
I have to go back again to Clinton's
policy in 1994 the death by deterrent
this was a custom Border Patrol policy
that was put in place - again we have a
wall
it almost spans the entirety of the US
and it literally is not built where you
will die trying to cross the desert and
again hundreds of people die every year
these just stop oh boot bootlickers go
out there and destroy the ability to
cross and going back to dhaka I mean and
and the Bush administration I mean we're
talking about millions of people that
were in the street because Bush actually
tried to make it a felony offense to
cross illegally and there was massive
resistance from millions of immigrants
they called it the sleeping giant back
in 2005 when this policy was in place
when ice was ice created in 2005 - it
was after 9/11 I don't know what you're
I think it was 2005 as well so you had a
massive pushback from people and so they
were able to halt that which shows you
that only masses amount of people on the
street and a mass movement will be able
to halt these policies whether it be
Republican or Democrat look no look to
Obama's administration when he was
trying to when he was deported people in
mass I mean again the left went to sleep
but people were still being deported you
had dreamers here you had people here
who were saying hey we need to stop this
that was why you had not one more
movement started where they were
chaining themselves putting their bodies
on the line of deportation buses jails
they were confronting ISIF itial z-- and
so what did Obama do he passed daca it
was an executive order that gave them
you know pushed a little bit to them to
give them something to give the dreamers
something so that's the only way these
things happen to push whether it be
Republican or Democrat and we saw today
this massive pressure has now made Trump
past this executive order so that's
that's good but we cannot forget about
what policies have been in place for the
last two decades Jimmy but but again I
don't want to let Trump off the hook too
much because the anti-immigrant rhetoric
that he has campaigned on we're seeing
that just being carried out two levels
that I think we have not a not seen and
it's really similar I guess to Nazis I
mean being you know taking
stalking restaurants going in hospitals
I mean it's just really disturbing yeah
well the police have awful just a
regular police have become way out of
control all right I mean we've seen
we've saw that the cop and was it Utah
went into a hospital or harassed
physically assaulted a nurse because she
wouldn't break the law you don't know if
you saw that case but that happened to
cop went into a hospital cops going into
hospital arresting nurses who are taking
care of people that's the world we're
living in that's the kind of crap I
thought happened in Nazi Germany and so
now and it's now it's happening so we
live in a police state and people are
just used to it let me just give you a
little bit more here's Hillary Clinton
when she was running for president
here's huh here's how she tried to
change her tune with respect to children
on the border if you remember we had an
emergency and it was very important to
send a message to families in Central
America
do not let your children take this very
dangerous journey because a lot of
children did not make it she's doing it
again we got to send a message isn't
that what Trump is saying Abby yes it is
exactly what Trump is saying and I
remembered immigration lawyer confronted
Obama and told him the in these
detention centers and Obama said the
same thing to him he said we have to
send a message to the parents and the
person said what he was like I was
floored I thought Obama was gonna say
yeah I'll work on that policy he
actually said they should not come over
here we're trying to send a message to
them again the death by deterrence the
the separation by deterrence guess what
we see all separation all death no
deterrence because they're fleeing death
yes okay so there's more to what she has
to say they were robbed they were raped
they were kidnapped they were held for
ransom by smugglers so I think it was
the responsible message that I and many
others including the White House was
trying to say to families do not let
your children your young children do
this there you go so virtually all
unaccompanied minors who cross in the
United States from the violence and
poverty plagued Central American
countries of El Salvador Guatemala nan
last year can make a credible claim for
humanitarian relief under US law Hillary
Clinton says send them back
according thats according to Jonathan
Ryan the executive director of races at
a Texas nonprofit that coordinates pro
bono representation for immigrants last
year races carried out more than 2400
legal intakes for unaccompanied minors
in need of lawyers the group found that
63% of these minors were obvious winners
for claims of asylum asylum or other
relief because their circumstances
closely paralleled those seen in other
earlier cases in which asylum had been
awarded so at the right away you look at
their cases sixty-three percent
immediately you can tell without looking
deeper they're gonna get asylum that's
what that says and then even among the
rest of the minors Ryan said the vast
majority still had a fighting chance to
move forward with a claim for
humanitarian relief those assessments
are playing out in court races has one
98 percent of the cases for
unaccompanied minors it's lawyers have
taken on so that's kind of amazing
almost every one of those kids if
they're given a lawyer gets asylum in
the United States and Hillary Clinton
has been saying send them back send them
back send them back last summer when
politicians from both parties were
making statements that these children
were not refugees that these children
all needed to be sent home Hillary
Clinton included my agency was busy
speaking with these children said Ryan
the same statement that Clinton made
last summer are the same statements
being made to legitimize the family
detention that she is now apparently
against whether it's Republican
presidential candidate Trump or mrs.
Clinton these knee-jerk statements don't
do anything to protect children and they
certainly don't do anything to protect
vulnerable refugees Ashleigh fees lead
the advocacy director for the Catholic
legal immigration Network said her group
has had similar experiences we at clinic
know from representing immigrant
children that when they have access to
legal representation they usually are
able to obtain protection under US law
and that's because in many cases these
children are fleeing persecution
targeted violence and gang recruitment
so there you go happy what do you say to
that yeah look I think that we need to
prevent Democrats from basically
co-opting this like they did every time
you know they co-opted the immigrants
right movement in 2005 they co-opted
basically every movement um we can't let
them basically say we need to go back to
humane mass deportation yeah because
that's what what this is that's what
this Clinton policy is I mean yeah what
Trump did was was horribly exacerbated
at ice you know conducted this
lawlessness where they've you know 3,700
children are now unaccompanied and God
knows where that being trafficked with
with people that they don't know their
parents deported that's insane however
going back to the policy of deporting
family I mean detaining families
together like this is horrible and we
should stand opposed to it
so we can't let the Democrats basically
hijack this argument and say yeah just
humane deportations we need no
deportations and full rights I mean
Reagan granted amnesty for undocumented
immigrants this is not a crazy thing but
we've just shifted the conversation so
far to the right that this is somehow
humane what Clinton's policy is we have
Rachel Maddow crying crocodile tears
rocket Alton looking at a goddamn report
that was happening under Obama as well
and she didn't again then nobody gave a
crap and that's why I try to remind
people this is why we got Trump
we've got Trump because everybody goes
to sleep under the horrible
neoliberalism that the Democrats bring
and that's why someone like Steve
Schmidt feels comfortable in the
Democratic Party David Frum feels
comfortable in the Democratic but Josh
barro feels comfortable in the
Democratic Party because they're a bunch
of freaking neo liberals who agree on
almost of the horrible stuff war Wall
Street insurance military-industrial
complex they agree on all that crap here
I'm just gonna give you here's one more
here's Diane Feinstein this is from I
think 25 years ago here's what she had
to say about Mexican immigration to
borders you have to remember a couple of
things
in Mexico there is no welfare there is
no AFDC there is no SSI there is no
Medicaid there is no Social Security
there is no Medicare and there's a 58
cent an hour minimum wage Mexico does
nothing to enforce its burden it is my
view that if we are going to have a
North American Free Trade Agreement
that Mexico must do its share because
the day when America could be the
welfare system for Mexico gone we simply
can't afford it and I think you've seen
the figures to state and local
governments of what the cost is it's
over two billion dollars Ella for Nia
alone and I she sounds like Trump we
can't be the welfare to immigrants come
to this country and make our country
better immigrants come to this country
and work hard at low-paying jobs and pay
into Social Security which they're never
allowed to collect so here she is this
is this is our senator from the bluest
of blue states this is our senator those
figures if you want them in specific in
my purse and that's why the issue is now
joined with two million illegal
immigrants it's a competition for space
whether the space is a job the space is
a home a place in a classroom if the
immigrants are coming to take your stuff
away we have limited resources and for
every immigrant that gets something here
your kid won't get it that's what she's
