hi everybody walking with a jimmy dore
show we got special guest crab pal woods
here with us to political vigilante hi
grandma how are you I'm good Jimmy how
are you doing I feel good now you're
gonna be doing a progressive comedy tour
do tell me when that isn't where you go
so June 20 through the 24th we're going
to Nashville Huntsville Asheville
Louisville and Atlanta go to Grandma
with.com for tickets all right everybody
get your tickets now we're gonna be
talking about this guy this guy's the
former CEO or he is the CEO he's the
outgoing Starbucks chairman for
Starbucks Howard Schultz and he's gonna
he's he's pretty sane gonna run for
president and he's gonna do it as a
Democrat and what this guy is going to
well he said some crazy stuff here that
here it is yes so here's what he's
concerned about about Democrats won't
know what he's concerned about there's
so many voices within the Democratic
Party are going so far the left and I
asked myself are we gonna pay for all
these things so that's what he asked
himself how is he gonna pay for all
these things so let me just give you the
rundown things we cannot afford health
care infrastructure public transport
education renewable energy clean
environment feeding the poor in public
elections can't afford it they can
afford it in every other country that
has the wealth that we have or less
wealth than we have they can all afford
it but a guy who was a CEO of Starbucks
who by the way got people to pay $5 for
a 50-cent cup of coffee on the regular
somehow he could convince people to have
breakfast as a coffee drink I mean
dessert for breakfast as a coffee drink
but somehow we can't have health care
here's the things we can't afford the
things we can't afford Iraq and
Afghanistan wars four point six trillion
what Wall Street bailout twelve point
eight trillion big oil subsidies and an
f-35 program which 1.5 trillion that
nobody wants that's from American
reformers you want to see what we can't
afford here's what we can't afford 600
that by the way that's more now
so they just all got together decided
that wasn't enough money we were
spending more than the Knux next eight
countries combined that wasn't enough
we're not spending more we're now
spending close to 700 billion dollars a
year on war that's 40% more than we were
spending at the height of the Iraq war
we're now spending 40% more nobody ever
said how we can afford that my friends
on I'm worried about my friends on the
left and the right how are we gonna pay
for all that war no one ever ever ever
asked that question they just spend an
extra eighty billion dollars per year
they gave to trump who's supposed to be
a maniac that we're not supposed to let
near the nuke button except we're gonna
give him eighty billion dollars more for
bombs and then we're gonna attack him
from the right when he doesn't bomb
enough so that's called the corporate
capture of our government
military-industrial complex has a
stranglehold on our government and you
can't have health care so they can have
that you can't have free college so they
can have that do you see what China
spends China spends barely a quarter
what we're spending Russia look at
Russia it's like a joke Russia doesn't
even spend total what we're giving Trump
extra Rick dude escape Trump extra
eighty billion year they're spending
sixty nine point two billion by the way
this graph comes from the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute
we want to see the next after that is
Saudi Arabia they pay sixty three
billion and then after that is India
they pay fifty five billion that's what
we're spending why can't we how we can
afford this how we can afford stuff so
that was the CEO of Starbucks hey you
know I'll take a right wing talking
point latte with a double shot of BS
make it a venti let me throw it over to
my panel very quickly Jack Ma uh well
God so don't you guys think wow you know
it's I don't know how we can't afford
this Jimmy you know I mean it's just it
doesn't make sense to me and it's like
you know these employees wanting to make
more than minimum wage when when one cup
of coffee could give each each employee
at any Starbucks actual live livable
age it's just preposterous these and by
we don't know how can we do this when we
have a 1000% markup on a cup of coffee I
don't I don't know how we can pay
reasonable wages and I don't know how we
can pay for these things like the left
the left has gone so far I love that the
left wing of the Democratic Party is
further right than the right wing of the
right wing party in Australia yes that's
right is right wing yes what Bernie
Sanders if he was a politician in Norway
he would be considered a centrist yeah a
centrist a centrist because the things
that he's advocating are taken for
granted I just came back from Norway
everybody has health care
everybody has vacations everybody has a
living wage and everybody has free
college not only everybody who lives in
Norway but if my kids wanted to go to
Norway they would also have free college
well you don't know how we gonna afford
that
go ahead well do one thing before you
start waxing poetic on how great Norway
is they're not dropping a hundred and
twenty bombs a day the way the u.s. is
no they're not there you are correct
we're leading the race and democracy
Graham your true patriot so here is the
Jeff Bezos of Asia Jack Ma so he runs
Alibaba which is the Amazon of Asia and
they asked him hey what the hell's why
is America so effed up there's a richest
country in the world and half their
country's poor and he says this here's
what here's what he's with pasta 30
years the American had 13 walls spanning
14 point two trillion dollars the money
going there what if this spent a part of
the money on building of the
infrastructure helping the white cops
that the white collar's and blue collars
no matter how strategy good it is you're
supposed to spend money on your own
people can I vote for him instead of
Howard Schultz right that's just for
that guy over Howard Schultz if I have
to you're supposed to spend that
fourteen point two trillion on wars
you're supposed to spend that money on
your own people we're not spending that
money in our own people that take
fourteen point two trillion dollars
what if we just put took seven of it
seven trillion what would America look
like it would be a palace palace we
would have a high speed rail
coast-to-coast the minimum wage would be
$25 an hour we would have a low-crime we
would have low handgun desk we would
have clean air and drinkable water we
would have a thriving democracy
everybody goes to college who wants to
go ya know everybody has health care we
wouldn't have homelessness
you can get rid of homelessness for 20
billion dollars a year 20 billion
dollars a year that's nothing that is
change you know in the in a couch
cushion compared to 14 point two
trillion dollars you know what it sounds
like you're going to make people who
make weapons and bombs in the military
they're gonna lose money this way okay
Graham you have to keep in mind that we
our economy is based on the production
of the killing machines you're right I
just had a conversation today with
someone who's high up in the Democratic
Party and they were telling me that
Disney has just conceded that they're
gonna pay $15 wage to their employees I
don't I didn't hear about this yeah I
have to look into it and he then told me
he said you know how much money Disney
made in profit last year he said they
made twenty four billion dollars you
know how much they're gonna make now
after they pay everybody they're gonna
make twenty billion in profit they're
still gonna make twenty billion dollars
in profit but everybody who generates
that profit now gets to have a closer to
emit a living wage
I don't wouldn't you like wouldn't you
go to bed every night with a smile on
your face knowing we've helped millions
of people's lives get better like you
could sit there and go you know what
we're gonna make
actually let's cut it down to 16 billion
dollars in profit and everybody gets $20
an hour at Disney and we will have the
best employees and the best parks and
we'll go get letter after letter after
letter saying God you made our lives
better my kid got this we didn't have to
go fund me for a knee surgery I don't
know how these people looked themselves
in the mirror oh that's right you have
to have a soul to see your reflection
that's right I'm my fault you know what
he actually said a few more things let
me hear what he had to say this is so
many boy
is within a democratic party or going so
far the left and I asked myself are we
gonna pay for all these things in terms
of things like single-payer our people
espousing how we gonna pay for a less
expensive health care system that's what
he's literally saying by the way this
guy gives health care to guess hard time
employees but somehow the richest
country in the world can't pull that off
somehow he could give health care to
part-time employees but the richest
country in the face of the earth has
ever seen it's just like you guys are
crazy this guy is not who he's
presenting himself to be he's not a
thoughtful intellectual this guy is a
 neocon commie con man he is a
neoliberal artist
that's who this guy is neoliberal
 artist I mean if a billionaire
telling you that you can't have
single-payer doesn't inspire you to vote
what will what will fact the government
is going to give everyone a job I don't
think that's realistic everybody can't
have a job where the weak we have to
spend 700 billion on the military how
can everybody have a job you can
everybody can have a job if they join
the military though right oh yeah
everybody yeah everybody can have a job
if they sell marijuana then they can
have a job making stuff for the private
prison industry so there's a job there
for you I mean how
of course everyone can have a job
where's the richest country in the
 world Jeff Bezos has enough
money in his own bank account to employ
everybody in the goddamn country one guy
one guy's worth a hundred and twenty
billion dollars but isn't it easier to
imprison people than it is to give them
a job right nobody ever says how're we
gonna pay for those prisons how are we
gonna pay for those war so this guy is a
 artist he's gonna give us more
of the same he's right there with Nancy
Pelosi he has no vision he's just saying
what we can't accomplish we can't have
the Pro step weak that's real leadership
by the wax real leadership hey we can't
have all the great social programs that
every other goddamn country in the
Western world has but I can grind a
coffee made into a milkshake it's it's
fascinating to me it costs less money to
give someone free college tuition than
to house them in a private prison yeah
how are we gonna pay for it oh I don't
know stop locking him up for
crime $70,000 a year $70,000 a year they
paid to incarcerate someone in
California imagine if you gave that guy
$40,000 a year and said please don't do
any more crime Wow we saved we saved 30
grand a year per person that we could
maybe use to send someone to college oh
that's crazy
so you give that guy a job and a college
degree versus having him go into a
prison and a lack of crime hmm huh but
we hope we can afford that I don't know
in the richest country the face of the
year how are we gonna Ford that I just
like how he's also just talking to a
straw man to begin with he's saying
people in the Democratic leadership are
varying too far to left nobody doesn't
name names it's like please tell me who
you're referring to Howard because I'm
not aware of any of this Oh Perez that
lefty Chuck sure that Dolph boy he's way
out there on that left we doesn't name
names because there's no one to name
Yeah right
the only person saying that is that is
Bernie Sanders and don't forget he's not
a Democrat people want to remind me of
that all the time oh yeah Howard Schultz
is the Starbucks original roast of
political views people only go to it
because there's unaware that there's an
alternative I really messed that joke up
but so let's just he has a little bit
more to say here we go
versus growth and I'm not sure that the
stock market is necessarily the
barometer you want to look at either but
it's possible this year we grow above 3%
and there's maybe a lot of reasons why
why that's gonna happen maybe it was set
up by the Obama administration but for
eight years we didn't never had a year
we barely got to 2% so there's this
never-ending argument about whether
growth and letting the private sector
have more capital keeping it in the
private sector and letting that
grow the pie or whether redistribution
is the way to go I mean if we end up
growing it greater than three percent
this year would you replay the Tax
Reform Act would you raise taxes on
corporations back to where they were if
you were president so what he's saying
so what this guy is arguing for is hey
let's let the private sector take care
of it and if the great if the economy
just grows enough then people will have
more money right instead of us just
coming in as a government and
redistributing wealth dude we've been
doing that since 1980 what this guy is
prescribing we've been doing that since
1980 guess what doesn't work
the results are in doesn't matter how
much the economy grows guess who doesn't
get a pay raise the people who generate
those profits people's pay have been
decoupled from productivity since around
1980 coincidentally and so it no longer
matters if the economy grows that's why
all the gains in the economy go to the
upper 1% even under a guy like Barack
Obama because he's not doing progressive
policies he's doing moderate Republican
prompt policies which are neoliberal
which hurt who everybody except the
wealthy and he's saying well if we start
growing at 4% 3% do you want to tax
corporations again yes you mean to pay
for everything yes yes
so here's what he says
well I don't want to talk in the
hypothetical about whether what I would
do if I was president but let me try and
say this in my own way I think the
greatest threat domestically to the
country is this twenty one trillion
dollar debt hanging over again he sounds
like Bob Dole what is the so what in who
is this guy this guy who knows he could
give he can charge people five bucks for
a cup of coffee and give his part-time
employees health care but when he wants
to run for president we can't dude we
have no we can't have nothing you can't
do anything by the way we print our own
freaking money this is why we could give
the bank's fifteen trillion dollars
without blinking and no discussion in
the country by the way because if you
had a discussion in the country about
bailing out Wall Street they would have
said break those goddamn banks up and
put him in jail
like they did in Iceland but we're not
doing that here cuz there's never a
discussion and Princeton study proves we
don't live in a democracy anymore we
live in a NOLA gar key and that's what
this is this guy's an old dark saying
that we can't have nice things he has
all those things he says you can't have
he has access to unlimited health care
he has an access to affordable housing
his kids are going to college any
college they want he has everything that
he says you can't have out of America
and future generations and the fact that
interest rates are going up we're going
to be paying close to over four hundred
million this is just scare mongering the
deficits it's always been
 it doesn't matter Bill Clinton
handed off a balanced budget to george w
bush do we get health care out of it do
we get free college do did people get a
living wage did we get an infrastructure
plan do we get a jobs bill we get
anything that's up that's just
and Howard Schultz is full of and
he's bad for the country and he's a
bullshitter if he believes that he's
dumber than the dent Trump and I know he
doesn't believe this but he does have
that thing that people who are
millionaires have they lose empathy for
normal people's problems which is what
he's done he is not on the left
and that's what's wrong with this
country this is but he thought you know
he sounds just like Nancy Pelosi he
sounds just like Chuck Schumer he sounds
just like the Democrats and the
Democratic Party which is why we got
Trump again
it wasn't Jill Stein it wasn't women
which is what Michelle Obama tells you
women there's something wrong with
women's brains that's what Michelle
Obama tells you that's why we have Trump
I've got nothing to do with this she had
nothing to do with our government being
totally captured by corporations it's
got nothing to do with our own
government working against us on a daily
basis it's got nothing to do with the
unbelievably unequal distribution of
wealth in this country got nothing to do
with anything nothing to do with her
husband kicking five million families
out of their houses while making the
bank's whole and doing nothing to help
those people got nothing to do with that
so that's that's all this is any blessed
words from the remind you Jimmy of
Starbucks mission statement what is
their mission statement to inspire and
nurture the human spirit one person one
cop in one neighborhood at a time that's
not a mission statement it's a marketing
slogan that's what that is and we just
broke another record for CEO salaries we
went from 15 point average 15 point like
five million dollars a year to now it's
over sixteen million dollars a year CEO
salaries huh so but I don't know how
we're gonna pay we're gonna get this
money we're gonna get this money as if
we don't have money in this country just
like Jack Ma said we don't invest it in
our own country we don't give it we
don't invest in our own people
they're so arrogant it's just like it's
just like well if you take away my CEO
bonus I mean polo horses don't pay for
themselves Jimmy how am I supposed to
take a helicopter to the Hamptons I mean
what am I an animal take a train it's
just a matter of time before people get
pitchforks and torches that's what this
means our next live Jimmy Dore show is
July 1st in Portland Oregon in July 15th
in Chicago Illinois we're doing a live
show July 15th in Chicago Illinois go to
a link right there for all the tickets
to all the live Jimmy door shows plus if
you can help become a Premium Member
we give you hours of bonus material
every week become a patron or a premium
member and if you're on Steam it we're
steaming it right now Plus every
Saturday we do a live super solid chat
Saturday where it's a live stream and
you can ask us questions and we'll
answer them back every Saturday 2:00
p.m. Pacific time thanks for your
support
[Music]
