hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and ron Picone i am miserable howdy
howdy hey thanks everybody made it out
on Friday to our live show was fantastic
course it was sold out a few weeks ahead
of time and it was a great time oh wow
what a fun time everybody was funny Sam
Triple E was hilarious yeah steve-o was
there Laura chi-ling or Graham Elwood
the political vigilante of course was
fantastic and I skip anybody I get
everybody right stuff and yourself yeah
okay so we're gonna talk about this our
next live date by the way is the 24th of
February it's a stand-up show it's next
is Saturday yep coming up they said it
was still tickets available there's
still a few hanging out some quick few
tickets in San Fran sense and iego
that's it right so we want to talk about
this first I'm gonna break it down what
happened with the molar and he gave
indictments and it makes it look like oh
my god oh my god there's 12 13 and
doctor there must have really Russia
really meddled with our election they
really that really was true doors no way
Hillary lost a Donald Trump it was the
Russians that's what's that's what
people who literally believe now right
so the Heritage Special Counsel Mueller
Russians conducted information warfare
against the United States during
election to help Donald Trump win the
indictment says that a Russian
organization called the Internet
research agency that's the name sought
to wage information warfare against the
United States and is so discord it
sounds like they were like really at any
moment that you can take over our
country right doesn't it they're got an
information warfare they almost took us
over in reality they hired a cousin
Twitter box this is literally what this
is all about which is why this is
hilarious which is why I have to read it
to you and then show you how the
mainstream people are free like you know
I Hitler did not have that heart of a
time people go along with
hysteria like that and people I used to
respect I'm gonna show you in a second
re Melbourne out of his
mind they're all out of their mind Chris
Hayes let someone complete anyway we're
gonna show you in a second Jimmy I'm
freaking out just hearing the term
information warfare information warfare
against the United States to sow discord
in the American political system by
using fictitious American personas and
social media platforms and other
internet-based media so just like we
said before they had they had a
literally like a dozen media Twitter
trolls we talked about they they spent -
how much money on Facebook ads half of
them appearing after the election so the
internet research agency is so-called a
troll farm so was a troll farm based in
Saint Petersburg Russia was allegedly
compiled a no connection to the Russian
government it was allegedly controlled
by a defendant in the indictment name
you've a guinea proxxon who is a wealthy
associate of Russian President Vladimir
Putin that's like that's that's like
saying Bill Gates is a wealthy associate
of President Donald Trump because they
were at a charity event together this
proves once and for all that in other
countries rich people also hang out yes
I guess that's what that proves right so
you could also say you know Bruce
Springsteen who is a wealthy associate
of the Obama administration yeah yeah
Bono who is a wealthy associate of the
George W Bush Association yep they're
buddies they're buddies but you could do
that the data say everybody who's rich
knows everybody else is rich the
indictment details an extremely
sophisticated can extremely
sophisticated is how CNBC's reporting it
I'm gonna juxtapose a couple different
reporting's with you so you get a taste
and then you'll see how we're reporting
it which you already know this is a
freaking joke the indictment details an
extremely sophisticated conspiracy in
which defendants traveled to the United
States to conduct research employ
special specialist specialists to
fine-tune social media posts to an
sure they appeared authentic and stole
real people's identities to purchase
online ads so next time I'm posting
videos for this channel and you ask me
what I'm doing I'm gonna say excuse me
it's extremely sophisticated I'm
tweeting out a podcast that's exactly
right Rob
by the early buy early to mid 2016 the
defendants were supporting the president
still campaign of then candidate Donald
Trump and disparaging Hillary Clinton
the eight count indictment charges so
they were they were doing pretty much I
don't know what the RNC was doing what
the Fox News was doing what redstate.com
was doing with Breitbart was doing what
a a lot of people were doing in the
United States what what the Koch
brothers were doing how about that yes
it's it's fed they're making it seem
like it's a revolutionary act to post a
point of view on the Internet yes Act
that's been around a while yeah yeah the
defendants also engaged in operations to
denigrate Republican primary opponents
of Trump's such as senators Ted Cruz of
Texas and Florida's Marco Rubio the
indictment said you know who else
engaged in operations to denigrate
Republicans primary everybody that was
in bed with the Clintons who's in the
media remember the Pied Piper strategy
the Pied Piper strategy was to elevate
Donald Trump turns out I think it was
Ted Cruz too they thought he was
repulsive so and denigrate so I mean
again this is just nothing this is not
they were they were told to make to make
Twitter posts that denigrate at home Wow
oh my god this is literally what this is
some defendants posing as US persons and
without revealing their Russian
Association communicated with unwitting
individuals associated with the Trump
campaign and with other political
activists to seek to coordinate
political activities the indictment
claims anybody could send an email to
anybody anybody could send an email to
the
Trump campaign anybody can with that
this is just unbelievable
I I was thinking like some of the like
some of the wordage in this article and
stuff it's like it's like the author of
this and all the people spreading this
it's like they just found out what the
internet is for the time to like it was
extremely sophisticated some of those
tweets there was a picture with one of
the Facebook posts a picture it wasn't
flattering well they're Donuts really
just come down to like the the people in
power feel complete lack of control
because people can get their message out
yeah by using these social platforms
yeah before you would you could do you
could kind of have a plan a game plan
but now Ron can do something you can do
something I know I can do that's going
to be used against the left this is
always used against the left this is
this is gonna be anything that goes
against the establishment is gonna be
seen its communist Russian some
defendants okay
as part of their efforts the defendants
also allegedly encouraged minority
groups to either not vote in the
election or to vote for a third party
candidate how nefarious that sounds out
of control Wow you mean you have more of
a choice than just two candidates again
these are just people posting on Twitter
and Facebook that's all these were doing
buying ads that nothing Donald Trump was
given over two billion dollars in free
buck and this is unbelievable this is
all it takes to take down a democracy
both actions are by the way both actions
would have heard Clinton who received
significant support from minority voters
you know who else did Trump Trump got
thirty percent of the Hispanic vote did
you know that right yep you know I might
know you know why more minorities in
vote for Hillary Clinton cuz she locked
them up and called them super predators
and shipped their jobs to Mexico with
NAFTA and at the same time she was
trying to get their vote but Barack
Obama was trying to ship more
jobs are the country with the TPP F and
after the election of Trump as president
November 2016 the defendants use fake
personas get this they use fake personas
to organize and coordinate political
rallies in support of Trump while also
doing the same to create rallies
protesting the results of the election
so they were doing both things these
according according to this FBI which I
don't trust the FBI one bit they're
saying oh they were organizing pro truck
rallies and anti Trump rallies and what
was the effect of that on one day
November 12 2016 the defendants
organized a rally in New York to quote
show your support for president elect
Donald Trump while at the same time
organizing a Trump is not my president
rally that also was held in New York so
this kind of it I what what does you
remember those rallies I remember those
those are you sure yeah was all over
huge people in New York City have
political opinions breaking you know who
else was doing for Trump is not my
president I don't know half the goddamn
country everybody in the Democratic
Party the woman's March are you kidding
me and you know who was also organizing
rallies to show support for a Donald
Trump I don't know everybody in the
Republican Party on the right Donald
Trump himself but they influenced by
these Russian BOTS Jimmy really what is
it what does this have to do this is
we've never had reactions to
presidential elections before until the
Russians told us we were supposed to
this is some decision I don't know what
this is but all I know is this is has
this didn't have any effect on anything
this is some Russian oligarch
billionaire who's got a couple extra
million dollars to throw around
yeah let's hire some Twitter Bob Bob Bob
BOTS to to go tweet stuff because it'll
somehow help him business-wise with me
for the United States is in chaos so I
don't who knows what is he wants to do
who knows what
that's about maybe he wants to get some
kind of who knows but he goes alright
well yeah let's
you got any hire some people to help
them
he's got I'm sure he has media
consultants and they go and they take
some of his budget and they go hire
twelve BOTS and see what happens
right it's probably just about like the
wrestler let's see oh yeah correct the
records the same thing yeah you're
correct the record I David Brock who
worked in conjunction with the Hillary
Clinton campaign which by the way was a
violation of election law that there's
your left there's your law
breaking right there nobody looks into
it and he had I'm gonna guess hundreds
if not thousands of Twitter BOTS doing
essentially the same thing trying to
manipulate people's opinions
it's called correct the record mm-hmm so
that's what they're trying to say
through the election was that was twelve
BOTS from Russia this is what well
they're not trying to say that actually
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
said the defendants created hundreds of
accounts using fake personas on the
social media platform faced hundreds of
accounts on Facebook where there's only
billions of people how would he be I
don't know either are there a billion
people on Facebook so far listen I just
want to know how many of those fake
Twitter accounts have a blue check right
cuz Ron and I are still waiting that's
the whole point of blue Jack's that's
the whole point of blue checks you guys
don't have you can't apply anymore
they like suspended education process oh
really
they're afraid of us having too much
influence in this pollutant I got my
blue check so here's an example one
example of that was the Twitter account
Tennessee gee oh did I read that whole
thing yeah one example was the Twitter
account Tennessee GOP which used the
handle at ten underscore GOP and which
falsely claimed to be controlled by a US
state political party the indictment
said over time the ten underscore GOP
account attracted more than a hundred
thousand online followers you have more
than that so I have more than that how
next elections on you it is so here
here's what now here it go of course
they bury the lead right so
Elite Rosenstein said there is no
allegation in the indictment that any
American was a knowing participant in
this game and here's the most important
part buried deep in the article nor is
there any allegation that the scheme
affected the outcome of the election so
this is nothing again this is the FBI
trying to justify a
investigation
oh we got 12 we got a troll farm in
Russia
what were they do tweeting do you know
how that affects the election has it
affected more or less than an hour of an
empty podium of Trump's on Chris Hayes's
show more or less you're 12 Twitter BOTS
is it more than that I don't know how
many hundreds of thousands of people
Chris a is show reaches it every night
that's the key that was buried that
should be the headline that this so that
so this these indictments mean nothing
they mean nothing literally they mean
almost less than nothing if it's
possible to mean less than nothing in
this election that's what this means can
I just tell you that I tracked down you
know the Tennessee GOP right and it says
Tennessee GOP I love God I love my
country huh oh my god that's undermining
our democracy is it is it is it I don't
know is that is that a Russian bot or or
as or is that Mike Huckabee and I was
gonna say that sounds like something the
Tennessee GOP we told all the defendants
are charged with conspiracy to fraud the
United States three defendants are
charged with conspiracy to commit wire
fraud and bank fraud and five defendants
are charged with aggravated identity
theft none of the defendants are in
custody so this is not legitimate
charges so what they did was they
assumed fake identities and then so they
could buy advertising and stuff and they
presented themselves to be different you
know American citizens so they could do
things and that's illegal because you
can't be a foreign person agent and try
to influence the election of the United
States you're not supposed to be able to
do that so that's one and then they you
know committed wire for
bank funds so those are legitimate
crimes the / - I guess to pursue they
have nothing to do again the goddamn FBI
admitted didn't have any effect on the
election so this is nothing this is
nothing but everybody's so now it's like
we got him
be well so the indictment came four days
after an American named Richard Pinedo
pleaded guilty to using identity stolen
from the US citizens to bypass the
security systems of online payment
companies Pinedo also bought and sold
bank account numbers over the internet
using stolen identity so they got that
guy and they tie him somehow to all this
that he was humping and here's the last
part of that I'm gonna show you the CNBC
article defendants and their
co-conspirators also used without lawful
authority the social security numbers
home addresses and birth dates of real
u.s. persons to open accounts at PayPal
a Digital payment company the indictment
against there was so that's illegal
so they got him on that that is a far
cry from Trump as a Manchurian Candidate
and in committed treason mm-hmm that is
unbelievable that but it's being
reported
well here's and so Trump tweeted this
out he says Russia started their anti US
campaign in 2014
long before I announced that I would run
for president the results of the
election were not impacted and the Trump
campaign did nothing wrong no collusion
so what the FBI is doing is making Trump
right
and by keep pretending that this is a
real and now maybe there is a real
indictment coming somewhere that has
something to do with something when this
doesn't have anything to do with
anything this isn't all this is is the
establishment is now gonna take this and
use it to squelch the left they're
already doing it right so Google is
already throttling places like alternate
and common drinks we've told you this
and they're already throttling shows
like us shows like Kyle kolinsky secular
talk anybody who's doing independent
news so if you go on YouTube right now
and you'll see a news clip from CNN and
it's got 2 million views it's because
Google and YouTube are pushing that on
people they have an
algorithm that when autoplay comes up
their videos play whoo mainstream news
videos not independent news there so
they're throttling us they're not
notifying our people so the end they're
using it's all this we have to protect
everybody from fake Russia news that's
why they're doing that's the whole thing
we have to protect everybody because you
guys don't know who's a rush of BOTS and
who's not and we we're gonna protect you
so that's why we're pushing mainstream
news like CNN even though CNN and ABC
News and MSI the fire people repeatedly
over the Russia story repeatedly they're
they're the ones launching fake news and
as Glenn Greenwald has pointed out the
thing that's troubling is that they get
this story wrong every time the same way
they don't get it wrong like oh it turns
out Trump's it turns out we uh has uh
pulpit or e evidence that never happens
it's always we got up it's always that
way and so now they're gonna use this to
come after the left what do you mean
Jimmy how would they well here's our
remember Bernie Sanders response to
Mueller indictment does not address that
this Russian operation tried to help his
campaign for indictment just as I
reported re Trump that is a remarkable
omission that is McCarthyism but re
Melbourne just did I'm pretty sure he's
Jewish what I remember just did that's
called McCarthyism that's doesn't
I don't know I can't believe your heads
are still connected to your bodies
because when I saw that I had to call a
doctor and haven't sold my head back on
like that doesn't blow your money he's
literally red-baiting
Bernie Sanders didn't we did I
not tell you this was exactly what's
gonna happen and that's why I've been so
upset with people who push the Russia
gate narrative that's why I've been
pushing back against it so hard
that's why Kyle kolinsky debated Genki
you girl for an hour and that's what
I've been warning hey you guys who are
pushing this Russia gate you're doing
your there's a term called useful idiots
because you're unwittingly helping your
own demise that's
and that if you're pushing if you're on
the left and you're uncritically pushing
the russia gate and you don't push back
against this stuff you're sewing your
own you showing your own downfall that's
that's stunning there that's that's what
that is right I'm not running against
Bernie Sanders oh wait Bernie yeah oh my
god I think you're in bed with the
Russians just like Trump Bernie's in bed
with the Russians just like Trump what a
 smear merchant that
is I used to think I remember was a
straight shooter I used to think he was
