happen buddy welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
and Rob black oh hello hello
so the 2018 midterms are coming up and
if you don't know how this works
is the in the Democratic primary the
d-triple-c D trip as it's called D trip
will see the street that's three C
stands for Congressional Campaign
Committee Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee d-triple-c
and they're supposed to help people get
elected to Congress who are Democrats or
running in the Democratic Party they're
not really supposed to weigh in in
primaries what they do and this is what
this article is about in the intercept
by a Ryan Grimm and Lee Fang or Fong I
don't know how you pronounce his last
name the dead Enders candidates who
signed up to battle Donald Trump must
get past a democratic party first so we
know that the Democratic Party they
focus on money so if you want to run for
Congress and you said you want to run as
a Democrat and the DEM the d-triple-c
the first question they'll ask is how
much money can you raise how much money
do you have where can you get money from
that's all they care about there's a
couple of reasons for that I think the
biggest reason is because they're in bed
with their own consultants and they want
you to get that money and give it to
them because that's all they think about
they make a good observation they say
focusing on dollars the party winds up
with medical device executives running
for office rather than American
government teachers or football coaches
so by having that focus on money that's
what you end up with end up with Chuck
Schumer Tim Kaine democratic party
officials are not by nature moved to
deep reflection by election losses they
have a plan and they're sticking to it
the bad news for grassroots activists is
that the Democratic Party's leaders
cannot be reasoned with but they can be
beaten
if Democratic leaders are getting the
sense that 2018 could be a wave election
much like the 2006 election so people
hated George Bush and Dick Cheney so
much they also hated the Democrats who
went along with them cuz they did they
went along with the war they went along
with warrantless spying spying they went
along with the Patriot Act they went
along with tort they went along with it
all they did which is why Howard Dean
used to say I'm from the Democratic wing
of the Democratic Party and people would
cheer because the Democrats became
Republicans and guess what everyone
notices so in 2006 they had a wave
election people were so sick of the Iraq
war there are so sick of George Bush and
Dick Cheney
that they rushed in and that and the
Democrats had a blue wave election so
they say well let's look at the nut the
last one we had a last blue wave
election in 2006 rahm emanuel had his
theory on how to run stuff in the
democratic party the d-triple-c was run
by rahm emanuel then who
institutionalized the practice of only
endorsing candidates with a demonstrable
ability to either fundraise or pay for
their own campaigns which is how you get
Congress full of millionaires
Democrats that year beat 22 Republican
incumbents Wow
and picked up eight open seats that had
previously been held by Republicans so
this is that what this is the Democrats
strategy now is people are gonna vote
for us because they hate Trump and the
Republicans even though we're just like
the Republicans they just came to them
twice again this one week one week that
escaped into there and why did the
Democrats cave in to the Republicans
over the budget deal in dhaka because
their donors told them to because the
Democrats don't represent you at all
because winners right history the
strategy has become conventionally
accepted as wisdom worth following the
the conventional the wisdom the
conventionally accepted as that wisdom
being
get people with a lot of money to run
that's the withers and they're talking
about but if you take a closer look at
the races themselves they suggest that
the d-triple-c was flying blind so let's
look at some of those so even though
they won because of the Blue Wave in
2006 that a lot of failures because of
that stupid strength they won in spite
of that stupid strategy not because of
it and let's take a look at it they take
a look at the gold for instance in
California the d-triple-c back Steve
Filson a conservative pilot against
Jerry McNerney who Emanuel believed was
hopelessly liberal after me McCartney
beat him in the primary a peeved Rahm
Emanuel said the d-triple-c wouldn't be
helping him in the general so this guy
who's actually progressive beats the guy
who's not the conservative pilot who
Rahm Emanuel likes because he's
conservative and he has a lot of money
so he beats him in the primary Rahm
Emanuel is like I'm not helping you guys
screw you not helping you in the general
and guess what a coalition of
environmental groups get behind him
instead and he won anyway
another case in upstate New York Rahm
Emanuel went with Judy and a lot a
former Republican a former Republican
who was a tremendous fundraiser she was
crushed by environmentalist and musician
John Hall afterwards the d-triple-c
shunned the race as unwinnable Hall won
in district after district the National
Party is throwing its weight behind
candidates who are out of step with the
national mood that's happening right now
the d-triple-c is throwing its weight
behind candidates who are out of step
with the national mood they're getting a
bunch of Hillary Clinton's to run for
Congress the d-triple-c known as the
d-trip I said it before d-trip it says
it right there d-trip has officially
named 18 candidates as part of its red
to blue program she's gonna take seats
that were red and switch it to blue null
out of that it's because the districts
were gerrymandered to be Republican but
in the last ten years those districts
have changed and a lot and there's a lot
of those red districts which are now
blue are the demographics aren't but it
that way
so that's they have this thing called
the red to blue program and they're
backing 18 candidates d-triple-c and who
are them well in many of those districts
there are at least one progressive
challenger the party is working to elbow
aside some more viable than others like
let's all remember James Thompson he had
that special election in Kansas and he
and then that a d-triple-c wouldn't give
him support because he's too liberal in
those Kansas he's running again for the
Wichita State in 2018 and he said the
d-triple-c is specific about why it
wants candidates to raise money and
here's what he says you want to know why
the d-triple-c he wants candidates to
raise a lot of money
he says they want you to spend a certain
amount of money on consultants and it's
their list of consultants that you have
to choose from
those consultants tend to be d-triple-c
veterans a member of the party committee
sent two candidates in December lays out
some of the demands the d-triple-c made
around spending we already covered that
that memo they sent to the candidates
running in the Democratic primaries they
said don't don't say anything that will
hurt the Democrat in the general well
how you supposed to run in a primary if
you can't actually run against the guy
whoever the person is so they said that
plus they said you had to put 75% of
your advertising in traditional media
but the increased party primary meddling
in races in in other parts of the
country has come at a time when the
d-triple-c is increasingly wedded to
congressional moderates in somewhat of a
reprisal of the Emanuel strategy the
d-triple-c is leaning on
business-friendly democrats to take back
the house just like what i we said the
democrats learned nothing from trump
from losing the Trump they've learned
nothing they're doubling down on Hillary
Clinton they're getting a bunch of
Hillary Clinton's to run for Congress
and they're hoping you vote for them
because their donors want them and they
are hoping you vote for them because
Trump and even though even though
they're going along with Trump run and
we all know business-friendly is code
for corporate and for the 1%
yes that's what business friendly is
code for but you know I did learn
something new today Jimmy the longest
time I've thought the triple seed stood
for corrupt Clinton cash so the new
collaboration is a stunning reversal for
the party that has seen a groundswell of
support for progressive ideas still the
most popular guy in the Democratic Party
is Bernie Sanders you know he's not a
Democrat such
the $15 minimum wage and single-payer
health care that are staunchly opposed
by the blue dog wing of the party let's
get a little list of Blue Dogs but you
know the Blue Dogs are the Blue Dogs are
Republicans who like to pretend they're
I don't know why they're there
Republicans who are cool with abortion
but some of them might have a gay friend
some of them might have a gay friend
yeah operatives from the d-triple-c met
on a weekly basis with the Blue Dogs to
discuss recruitment and how to best
steer resources to a growing slate of
centrists Democratic candidates why do I
need to consult with the Blue Dogs on
the progress of the Democratic Party how
of course they came up with this is
amazing this is exactly why you
shouldn't have voted for Hillary Clinton
is exactly why you should never vote for
a corporate Democrat this is exactly why
because they don't represent you that's
why and they're gonna give you more and
they learn nothing from losing the Trump
you're upset about Trump they're not
really upset about Trump
the Democrats are not that upset about
Trump I know that sounds funny they're
not the d-triple-c recognizes that the
path to the majority is through the blue
dogs representative Kyrsten Sinema
a democrat from arizona chair of the
blue dog path told POLITICO okay but
there's more than one way to raise big
money as get this so this is a great
example
so this Jess King a d-triple-c officials
said that the pennsylvania the
Pennsylvanian jess king was wasn't
invited to candidate week in Washington
because Jess Kings campaign had not been
in close touch with the National Party
and that party support is a two-way
street so they're saying well she's not
supporting us so she's a progressive
that's why they don't want her and so
guess what she did
but by the parties favorite metric
fundraising going in alone hasn't hurt
Jess King in the fourth quarter of 2017
relying on small donors Jess King added
another two hundred thousand dollars to
her war chest bringing her above 300
thousand dollars for the first year
that's pretty good doing with small
donors without the D triple C's help her
fundraising will broke a record last
year held by Christina Hartman who was a
corporate Democrat who beat Jess King
last year now just King as a progressive
doing small donations is out fund
raising their biggest corporate
fundraiser whoa
so their stupid strategy is being
repudiated right in their face
and they don't care you have to
understand that it's not like the
d-triple-c is like well I think this is
the best way to win they're like this is
the way we want to win I do not want to
win were progressives you you know the
saying you know it's truism that the
Democrats would rather lose to a
Republican than win with a progressive
so this isn't their idea of the best way
to win because the best way to win would
be to ain't Bernie Sanders his program
and his platform because it's the most
pop popular platform he's the most
popular politician in the country you
would just want a bunch of Bernie
Sanders
they don't want not even one the
d-triple-c
so let's look at some of the races this
year like in California district 50 Mr
camp on najar had his moment in the
viral Sun earlier last year as the
internet celebrated the hotness of this
congressional candidate he has since won
the backing of the Justice Democrats and
a slew of local labor and Democratic
groups his opponent Josh Butner has said
that he was not recruited by the
d-triple-c but he was encouraged to run
by local Democrats the new Democratic
coalition packed the pro Wall Street
wing of the
House Democrats has given that guy
Butler five grand but nur was cited in
two articles about the party's ability
to recruit veterans the d-triple-c made
sure to alert reporters about the
coverage issuing a press release so
they're again working against the
progressive working for the conservative
Pro Wall Street Democrat that's who the
Democrats are and again it's not because
they think he has the best chance of
winning it's cuz they don't want to win
any other way a win with a progressive
is a loss for the d-triple-c
you get that right because they're they
want to win for Wall Street not for you
it's becoming even even in the era of
Trump they're still doing this
they don't care they don't care if they
keep losing as long as progressives
don't win and why cuz their donors want
it that way who's their donors Wall
Street's
big pharma the military-industrial
complex
and big oil that's it I don't want to
assume foul play from the party but
there have been a cup and people
suggesting they're tipping the scales
says camp in the jar you think you think
they're tipping the scales he said that
on January 27th when the district does
its pre endorsement voting he said that
on January 27th when the district does
his pre endorsement voting he hopes to
win the votes of those delegates by a
wide margin to send a message but that
message will not be received by the
d-triple-c the message that hey you guys
should support progressives that will
never be received I'll throw it over to
my panel well this is one of the reasons
that I think the Democrats are kind of
broken beyond repair and a new third
party is needed because this group in
principle and as far as the voters are
concerned they are already an obsolete
gatekeeper if we had a viable contender
Bowl third party they would be a
complete obsolete gatekeeper and we'd
never have to worry about the G Triple C
ever again we've had this conversation a
lot you know it's like the Democrats are
just there
to be an obstacle for progress we're
where's the progressive candidates that
they're championing the d-triple-c know
that step that's the hope that's what
we're saying
well I just wanna I want to paraphrase
one of my favorite Twitter parody
accounts Peter douche keep in mind that
Bernie's platform and his ideas just
represent the fringe group of the
majority of Democrats yes you know and
that's the truth right so your
government's broken your Democratic beat
you know why because your democratic
party's broken why because Bill Clinton
and Al Gore decided to get in bed with
the people they're supposed to be
fighting against which is Wall Street
Big Pharma the military-industrial
complex and Big Oil those are the people
you're supposed to be fighting you can't
be you can't be fighting for Wall Street
and fighting for workers their agendas
are diametrically opposed and this is an
economy that's run by the banks this is
how it went this is how it ends up
income inequality is bigger since the
middle ages middle ages so it should be
a huge blue wave it still might be a
blue wait but we're gonna get a bunch of
goddamn corporate Democrats and you see
what happened this week the Democrats
can caved in twice to Donald Trump
I'm the budget twice they have daca
which is favored by nine out of ten
people in the country nine out of ten
the Democrats rolled over gave them gave
up ninety percent of the country they
didn't stand up for 90 percent of the
country it's sad it's worse than sad
it's it's like it's a crisis like I
don't I say one or two more elections
like this with corporate Democrats and
and there will be real revolution how
much more can people take I don't I
don't know
again 63% of the country can't afford
$1,000 emergency 50% of all the people
in the United States are poor low income
50% of all wage earners earn less than
$30,000 a year
this is what we're left with this is
this cuz there we go Democrats are like
ignore it ignore it let's keep doing the
bidding of Wall Street
let's not help people ever and by the
way let's keep spending money on the
military because they all the money it
would have taken to send everybody to
college for free the Democrats gave it
to the military they gave it no fight no
nothing not even a debate
whoo so all I can ask you you know we
get emails every day of people telling
us that they're unsubscribed from our
show and they thought we were joking so
please make sure you're subscribed and
then click that bell so you'll get a
notice when we drop a video they don't
always notify you but we have to try we
have to fight back against the bastards
come to our live show
March 25th in Austin Texas February 16th
in Burbank California or become a patron
thanks for your support
[Music]
