hi everybody welcome to part two of our
interview with Nellie Makai and her new
album sister orchid it's one of my
all-time favorite musicians you're gonna
love her you might know her from her hit
album and get away from me plus all the
other stuff she's done and she's here
for us now Nellie McKay so how are you
gonna approach the 2020 election ah
well one worth also Obama built the
deportation machine I mean if you if you
just look that up there are a number of
articles that come up you know from
places like the nation who of course
endorsed him I mean this is not you know
and infusion and what's infusion also
had did reporting I Barack Obama's
deporting right but so many people still
don't know that I mean there's and and
then you feel an Obama created private
prisons for immigrants right right right
and the and the whole thing of not
looking back is such that's always used
to cover up the worst you know because
whether it's looking back at eight years
of Obama and how that led to Trump or
looking back at how his not prosecuting
the torturers paved the way for Gina
Haspel who also would not have been
confirmed for wasn't for democratic vote
that's correct that's correct Democrats
are complicit and it's amazing how they
always get just enough Democrats to pass
whatever horrible thing they're trying
to do no isn't that amazing
but then there are enough who can run in
2020 who said we didn't vote for the yes
you know and the only thing is that
military budget no one really pays
attention to that because blowing up
black and brown kids that that isn't
racist and you know blowing up women and
children that that isn't that isn't
profoundly rather profound version of
misogyny you know we think you know I
mean you you have this liberal class
that that gay marriage is a deal-breaker
I'm not saying it shouldn't be but but
blowing up children is okay you know and
that that is the Faustian bargain how do
you say it yes that's it it's that
is the moral bankruptcy and that's what
I have subscribed to my whole life up
until 2016 when for so many of us you
know the fever broke thanks
this show yah-ha well in other sources
it was I owe it all the time as Franken
listen liberal though he's not going to
take credit because even after he wrote
that book he voted for Hillary which was
by no this is what I mean look at
bertolt brecht I mean you know in New
York City they've mount productions of
Mother Courage or Threepenny Opera and
and then they vote for Wall Street and
war and myself included I mean a lot of
people don't make the connections but
even when people do they will not only
do it but they will attack you for not
subscribing to that and it says yeah
isn't it funny we live in an era where
people vote attack the voters instead of
the portable politicians who can't
attract people to vote for them was by
design again of course but they have
been indoctrinated into this idea that
if you vote for what you most need we so
terribly need you will get what you most
fear and it's that's why we need a new
well Bernie could run us a green then he
would have ballot access in 50 states I
think the problem with an as him running
as an independent is ballot access
that's according to one friend yeah
that's what they say yeah it's it's too
big of a lift because you did you get
the ballot access as tough vote you can
run as a green and then people say all
the Green Party's flawed you don't think
that the Democratic Party is blood it's
just is it the incus he still have
closed primaries I mean I know I was in
open states in closed States and I know
the difference
jibing yeah I mean it was wonderful the
sense of freedom in open states I'm not
saying they don't have their troubles
but the idea that people could really
just decide from across the political
spectrum up until the day of voting I
think it was at least that way in
Wisconsin and I believe it was in
Michigan too you had same-day you could
decide what party to vote for what
that's a wonderful sense of freedom I
mean I mean there should be same-day
registration yeah there should be you're
an American you get to vote right right
you don't like oh you missed the
deadline the deadline for being an
American right I'm an American maybe
it's a vote that's that should be it of
course of course and I don't mean to
hold up Wisconsin as this beacon of
voting rights you know it isn't but it
what it is great that that people you
know they had a little choice in this
life god forbid god forbid we have
well if my corporate Democrat friends
who voters shame have their way we won't
have any choice
and you only give two choices and it's a
binary choice how many times have you
heard that it's a binary choice Jimmy
you have to choose one no I don't I
don't the whole point of America is that
you freedom of expression you get to do
what you want it's just it's just it's
the craziest thing to me so I'll ask you
one more time why do you think Bernie's
doing this I mean you don't have to
answer we can cut it I know I just I
just you know he's uh I don't he has a
portrait of Eugene Debs in his own ha
your guess that's right I was in his
office I saw it I it is the problem I
think a lot of the problems that we we
not only have parties we have
personalities and so people want that
charismatic personality and Bernie is
not just charismatic he it does have
integrity so it it it he is someone who
can people will listen to it's I don't I
don't know it's in me I don't know I
wish I knew too and I wish he would come
on the show so I can ask him that
question but they're afraid of me asking
that question so he won't come on the
show they talked to me on the phone and
say sure we're gonna get him on the show
and then they never get him on the show
so they're just jagang us around isn't
it funny that he's supposed to be the
leading progressive and he doesn't come
on a progressive show like this like is
there another show more progressive than
this that you know of oh no he I almost
wish if he was gonna run as a Democrat
that he wouldn't run you know so I think
the only way to check you know all the
big changes have come from third parties
right they as the the two parties either
they absorb the ideas you know or they
just change the party right so how the
Republicans got rid of the Whigs but
then you know Deb's and the the
influence he had on FDR was a met
immeasurable I mean
anyway no he said I'd rather vote for
something I want to not get it then vote
for something I don't and get it right
of course right of course I mean when
you can think when you look at you know
say Raytheon they make the Tomahawk
missile the Tomahawk missile correct me
if any this is but as I believe they
have cluster bombs cluster bombs cover a
couple of football fields right there
it's carpet bombing there's no place to
hide if they do not detonate they often
look like little soccer balls with
little ribbons attached they're found
for however long after and can be some
years by children who want to play with
them who get blown up I mean if they are
giving money towards the media entity
for instance they sponsor MSNBC where
Rachel Maddow works and that has become
arguably the most Pro war channel that's
that's surprising right that Rachel
Maddow became a war hawk know so much
just you know I know and she and she
does it for thirty thousand dollars a
day right right
are you surprised that's how much money
she makes she makes more than that now
about I thought it was eight million a
year yeah so how much does she probably
makes more than that now because she's
been the number one show for a while
right and you know as you don't stay
there if you don't say what they want to
say you can make yourself believe it so
you can say I really believe this but if
you're not gonna take that point of view
you're not gonna be sitting there long
right and and you know they you know
Raytheon contributes to people like
Kamala Harris so you know follow the
money I mean that that should be so so
easy to do you know people seem to have
no interest I wonder if it's because
they feel bought and paid for in their
life and they somehow apply that to
politicians even though it's on a
completely different scale I mean it is
possible to work in an industry and want
to see the end of that industry you know
you take a paycheck you have to feed
your family but you despise what they do
yeah like if you work for the tobacco
companies they don't like that right but
we're talking at a level this is so far
beyond your average Jane or Joe yes and
I I would say it's worse right what
they're doing they're working at four
it's about
company because at least people get to
make the decision whether they smoke or
not I don't get to make the decision
whether we drop drones on innocent
people or not no I don't get to make the
decision as Tom Friedman said that we
needed to go from bus row to Baghdad
house-to-house terrorizing people in
Iraq right that's what that was his
prescription for not after 9/11 that we
needed to go door to door terrorizing
people in a country that didn't attack
us that's the New York Times Pulitzer
Prize winner right and of course they
fired Chris Hedges but they give Tom Tom
Friedman awards over kidding the surest
way to be promoted Yeah right is to be
Pro Rarawa yeah and that's the adults in
the room that's the attacks a grown-up
right Thomas Friedman who just may be
the the most bloodthirsty psychopathic
scumbag
in working today and he's heralded and
they can't they can't book him enough on
TV show you know it's unbelievable and
it's like this is the guy who you're
getting to come give us the truth about
war that's the guy right the guy who
advocated literally killing people who
had nothing to do with killing innocent
people and terrorizing them ripping them
out of their house right you imagine if
you said if you're in a rocky and you
said what we need to do is go to
California and go from San Diego to San
Francisco house to house house to house
right you imagine if you said I mean
that's what he's advocating right I
don't know I'm a little overwhelmed by
the situation when could we talk about
let's talk about your album whoa but but
if you put it in a nice enough language
you know in the language of the
intelligentsia and you know and you do
it with a smile on your face you have a
nice demeanor you're not crazy it's like
Trump you know you can you can say
anything you can advocate for anything
who dropped the two atomic bombs
you know eyes on the dime I know I say
this to people and then they make fun of
me for it I'm like we're the only one
who ever dropped an atomic bomb there's
nothing worse than dropping an atomic
bomb and people are like oh really yeah
well because when you talk about lesser
of two evils you know on people take it
to a drastic place you know let's say
Stalin versus Hitler but I think perhaps
the better analogy would be Truman
versus Hitler because who would most
people vote for and then look what you
agreed to yeah when did you wait because
if you wait that long you certainly you
don't get out then you've got to get out
now you should we should have got out in
2000 so you don't buy the theory of
people like Sam Harris who say that the
Muslim ideology is evil and we have to
and it's it's okay if we bomb the
out of the Middle East because we're
trying to do nice things which is
basically his theory I don't know I I'm
sure he would disagree with me because
he never agrees with anybody who says
anything about what he says but he says
that stuff right yeah no I I don't I'm I
I don't see how I can vote for bombing
people anymore so I think that pretty
much rules out Bernie well Bernie is
actually doing you know he's made he
didn't make some good statements about
what's happening in Gaza yeah no I know
that's the thing he's better so are we
gonna get sucked in Jerry you know he
was he was a compromise in 2016 you know
he's not perfect he's not pure as Cornel
West says it's not about purity it's
about integrity you know he supported
Bernie and then he supported Jill Stein
so but the more I know the more I doubt
whether I can go back to that and I hate
that there's even any doubt because I
know people in 2016 who said I can't
vote for Bernie you know and and I
respected them for that if they were if
if he was too if it was too much a
compromise on foreign policy you know
it's the same as you know Johnson with
Vietnam and Saudi society you think
Bernie made one of those Faustian
bargain 'he's that I get to say whatever
I want about domestic policy if I go
along with your foreign policy of war I
don't know how explicit it is but I
think it's there
he's America you know but this country
is a corporate wasteland it's been
gutted from the inside and when you
spend over half of every tax dollar on
perpetual war you know it would be smart
for the Empire do you make things a
little better here while we destroy
other countries but the Empire doesn't
even seem to be that smart or we would
have had Bernie and and it's it's how
can you do that how can you say in
exchange say for my right to an abortion
I'm gonna blow up a woman in front of
her baby or baby in front of its mother
you know how can you say that in
exchange for largely lip service towards
civil rights in this country
or the occasional elevation of people to
roles of power that I'm gonna blow off
the legs off a little kid in Africa I
mean you know so you're saying you're
not even though you were a canvasser
last time for Bernie Sanders you you're
not gonna work for him the next time if
he runs as the Democrat not only that
what you won't vote for him what kind of
policy what kind of position can he take
you know say he took a position I
suppose if it was that of Ralph Nader's
right
within the Democratic Party how far can
one person advance that position even if
he did get the nomination what are you
thinking what do I think I'm throwing it
back at you Jimmy because people know
what I think so you you would not
support Bernie as a Democrat ah you know
what I hadn't thought about it until we
started talking no matter if I would
support I just always thought I would
and then you're saying all this stuff
about foreign policy and it's making me
rethink it's it's a trap it's that it's
the thing roseann tomorrow was putting
out about SB 560 to set the bill
you know with the Charlie Brown in the
football and they keep the only reason
I'm still registered would be if he runs
his 2020 and I just think it's such a
mistake it's like the nonprofit
industrial complex nah how many years
how many decades well you know the whole
point is they people say well a third
party's not viable and you know if you
want their party you know baby I say if
Bernie ran third party he would get ten
or fifteen percent of the vote and then
the Democrats can't win without him and
then they yeah now you have real
negotiating power so either they absorb
your eye
Diaz or or they have to cope become a
coalition or they have to do now you
have power but if you if you go into the
primary saying no matter what happens
I'm gonna vote blue you've lost all your
power no and he also that's why I'm when
Hillary went to the right after the
primary and picked Tim Kaine instead of
pinging Bernie all she did do was pick
Bernie she would have won the presidency
but she went to the right because they
were not going for progressives they
were going for Republican votes Chuck
Schumer laid it out right that that's
not a hyperbole they were literally
going for suburban Republicans Democrats
that's how they were gonna win right
they're gonna steal Republican votes not
get their base not get workers not get
progressives they went to the right I
mean that's just so that's why we
definitely need a third party challenge
because the Democrats aren't changing
even when they were faced I'm sorry no
no no you go ahead and use even when
they were faced with the possibility of
Trump she chose to go right right and
people still wag their finger at people
who didn't vote for her but she did
everything she could to make sure people
wouldn't right well they say the right
things sometimes they wear nice clothes
most people don't really follow it they
pick a team you know and and and they
and they never leave love Trump's hate
love just what a belittling of the word
love to associate it with what
corporations do the poisoning of the
land the air the soil when it does
people people who look for the rare
earth minerals and our devices they died
of cancer in their 40s and 50s
I mean disaster capitalism is so cruel
it's so horrendous and who did it mostly
hurt
overwhelmingly the poor who are the
majority of the poor they're not white
not male and yet you have this party
that pretends to be a beacon of feminism
and civil rights and love oh you know
and and then they do that too a word
like love yeah it's just despicable
it is horrible as Trump is when I hear
it you know when when I when you get
those oh no no
no no that's not a choice that's not a
life worth living is to make that choice
you know so when we think when you look
at welfare reform of nineteen
ninety-four so-called reform it's
actually a gutting of the whole social
safety net yeah seventy percent of those
cut were children yes
I I know well how do we go to bed at
night knowing one out of four kids is in
poverty in America right I mean and it's
probably much higher than that because
the you know we all know the poverty
level is BS right I mean it should be
much higher right so well people will
say well we all want that but it's a
matter of strategy yeah the only
strategy is out if you can take a
realistic view of what has gone on
really the past hundred years but
certainly the last forty you know the
the first rule of every radical is to be
realist realistic and what we need is
radical change people may be afraid of
that word but the idea that we know we
should treat animals as worthy of
respect and consideration that's a
radical concept the idea that people
from other countries cannot overnight
become the enemy because of
nationalistic jingoistic blather that is
still a radical concept I mean we do a
show about Billy Tipton who was born
Dorothy cross-dressed her whole life and
there are three points in the show one
where we deal with racism which i think
is taken the most seriously and then
there's a point where we where there's
some stuff against women a little less
seriously was still there then there's a
point where we talk about the Japanese
because Billy was of course accosted
because any man who wasn't in uniform
during the forties was a suspect and
it's almost no response it's still okay
through the prism of World War two to do
what you like to other people or through
the prism of any war because they have
become the enemy and what you're gonna
do you know so it's amazing to see how
quickly Americans can be propagandized
