hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show i'm here with the miserable liberal
in rock Lacombe howdy howdy everybody
miserable so today's the big day the
government is gonna open back up but do
you remember you remember what no romp
when RuPaul Ryan said this welcome to
the dawn of a new unified republican
government okay so there you go and then
what happened a year later shut down
government shutdown but it's gonna open
back up and how did how does a unified
Republican Party get the government to
open back up you get the Democrats the
cave you get the Democrats are
completely cave Mick resistance oh they
hate Trump here's all the spying powers
I hate Trump here's an eighty billion
dollars more to spend on war oh I hate
Trump please spy on all your enemies
including lefty activists there you go
that's the Democrats that's the people
who are fighting against Trump you have
to vote for the Democrats cuz of Trump
you guys if you don't vote for the
Democrats um we are going to stick it
when it comes to daca well we'll talk
about it later
oh good enough okay yeah take that yeah
okay so this cave is worse than you're
being told I just watched the lefty news
cast and they said it was okay because
they didn't expect much out of the
Democrats anyway I thought you were
gonna hold their feet to the fire you're
gonna vote for the establishment and
then hold their feet to the fire and
fight them everything and now
everybody's okay with this after Senate
Democrats voted for a three-week
government funding extension Monday
Republicans and liberal progressives
seem to agree about one thing Democrats
had caved that's the story the story is
in how shitty the Republicans are the
story isn't how shitty Trump is or how
unqualified they are or how much Koch
brothers money they take that's not the
goddamn story the story is there's no
opposition party in this country that's
the story there is an
position party and shame on you if
you're on the left and you wag your
finger at people to vote for this
 ever ever shame on you
and you're wrapping it in Red Scare to
sell it
Senate Democrats had after all voted to
reopen the government without
legislative fix on the deferred action
for childhood arrivals daca immigration
program Senate Democrats had after all
completely caved and they still didn't
get a deal completely caved and they had
essentially accepted a deal that Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was
willing to give to Democrats on Friday
the soft promise of a vote on a daca
bill and a three-week government funding
extension not four but the truth is more
complex than winners and losers post yes
the liberal base may be upset that
Democrats took less than a daca fix in
exchange for ending a shutdown should
say progressive base now not to nitpick
yeah it's not a liberal base it's the
progressive base the liberals are full
of
good catch run yes the liberal bait the
progressive base may be upset that
Democrats took less than a daca fix the
daca has a hundred thousand it has an
eighty six percent approval rating it's
popular with Trump voters and the
Democrats couldn't even get that they
couldn't stand up and say we want to
clean daca bill I showed you even
Republicans know that the Democrats
should do this that's why I showed you
Joe Scarborough and then I showed you a
jagoff from the newspaper say it and I
showed you a Jaguar from establishment
media saying then I showed you a mica
said it everyone says it everyone knows
this and the Democrats know it too but
you know they're chosen to be weak list
weak and spineless this is why you got
to stop voting for the Democrat the
Democrats don't represent you well wait
Jimmy maybe the Democrats were just
being strategic because we know that
public opinion was blaming the Democrats
for the oh wait note what's the other
way around public opinion was actually
blaming the Republicans and Trump for it
so listen how this article The
Huffington Post describes us he said the
Democrats took less than a doctor fix in
exchange for ending a shutdown but
that's only relevant if you actually
think Democrats could have gotten a daca
bill as a result of this shutdown and
that the shutdown wasn't hurting
Democrats at all what kind of
 you gotta be kidding me
but the Democrats couldn't have got what
they wanted anyway yes they could have
yes they could have the whole country's
it behind a clean dhaka bill and you go
well I guess we just have to cave into
the unpopular opinion that has no
support in the country what the
this is again this is neoliberal
apologetics this is ridiculous yet
politically the shutdown wasn't hurting
them no I mean politically it wasn't
hurting know helping them like oh you
know I I have senator GOP Whip John
Cornyn he said I think they've
miscalculated a shutdown
it's very unpopular and they're trying
to find a way out of it yeah uh-huh
those unpopular shutdowns of up
government yep
the reality of this shutdown standoff is
that it's hardly over Democrats agreed
to a continuing to continuing resolution
that will keep the government open for
17 days
they took the children's health
insurance program off the negotiating
table with a six-year extension of the
program so that's chip and the Democrats
are gonna make it look like that's a
success that they got chip do you know
who invented chip orrin hatch it
was invented by a jagoff Republican who
just gave you Trump's tax bill this is a
victory for the left the right used to
stand behind that before the Democrats
all became Republicans now the Democrats
brag about a Republican thing you do
chip because we don't have single-payer
you do strip because we don't have a
goddamn public option you do chip
because we're still stuck in a
neoliberal nightmare brought to us by
Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and Nancy
Pelosi and Chuck Schumer it's so
unbelievable so everybody's not patting
themselves on the back then they got
chip chip that should have been done a
long time ago you should have been
beating the Republicans over the head
with this a lot harder than you did but
you know what you'd rather talk about
Russia you know why because you're as
 dumb as dumb could be you'd
rather talk about Russia 45 minutes for
every one hour news show instead of
talking about what you're supposed to be
goddamn talking about which is this dude
dude another 45 minutes show on
Trump and Russia cuz that's really gonna
move the conversation along who are you
convincing by sprite by doing 45 minutes
of Russia Trump on your news show who
are you convincing you're doing nothing
but jerking yourself off and your
audience they took the children's health
insurance program off the negotiating
table with the six-year extension of the
program and they gave up hardly any
leverage to do so some of the most
disappointed groups after this shutdown
understandably our dreamers you think
you think
86% of the country stands behind them
and except for the Democrats goddamnit
the undocumented immigrants who can't be
those things children but a prolonged
shutdown could have seriously damaged
public opinion on the dreamers well why
don't we find out oh we can't
you know why cuz we're spineless scared
 Democrats we can't we'll never
find out
currently dreamers enjoy massive support
no
let's not try to use that as leverage
why wouldn't you want to use that as
leverage
oh wait so now we have all the
all the facts on our side we have all
the polling on our side we have all the
people on our side we and all the
soldiers that we have everything on our
side
let's keep our powder dry let's keep our
part let's not do it
we got the enemy surrounded we got him
surrounded and we've got them over it
we've got them outgunned by a
hundred to one let's wait and the people
are pissed at the enemy and the people
are mad at the enemy so you know what
the Democrats decided to do and what
this guy is agreeing to do with the
Huffington Post let's away don't do
anything because why because it might
not work maybe this is why Trump is
president you dummies this this
neoliberal apologetics what if this is
mental gymnastics yet and I'm not just
picking on this tuffington Post article
but this is ubiquitous this is what I've
been seeing today
have you seen different run yeah no I
mean I've seen everything like Democrats
are celebrating this now you're like
okay we got it we got but then I've seen
even opinion pieces on CNN saying oh
they really screwed up here so I mean
there's some opinion pieces that are
like in the right but the overall
mainstream narrative of course is this I
mean this exemplifies what they've been
saying I like Steph Stewart her best
mica that was nice
guess I can't help herself I hadn't read
your pearl clutching is fantastic when
you say that's the resident thank you
yeah the Democrats are saying they're
having oh no a Washington post/abc poll
in September revealed that 86 percent of
the public supported dreamers staying in
the United States 86 percent that's
almost nine if you round up that's nine
out of ten Americans if you round up
that's nine out of ten Americans support
the dreamers and the Democrats are like
is this a tough win for us
it's only nine out of ten people agree
with us you know who doesn't agree with
them they're donors there are
donors don't want them shutting down
government that's what this is about
it's not about the Democrats standing up
to Republicans it's about the goddamn
dirty filthy corporatist fascist
Democrats who are afraid to stand up to
their donors by the way they're not
afraid to stand up to their donors they
don't want to why would they stand up to
their donors that's not what they desk
that what what they're afraid to do is
let you see that they don't stand up to
their donors they're not afraid just
they don't stand up they like to be with
their donors they're not afraid to stand
up to them they don't want to it's not
like they want to and they're afraid
well it might hurt me they don't want to
what they want to do is have you
think about Russia all day while they
sell you out left and right and shame on
you on the left for pushing their rush
of McCarthyism if you're on the left and
you're pushing the rush of McCarthyism
and you're talking about Russia
Twitter BOTS and you don't know that
that shit's gonna come back to
bite you they use McCarthyism to smear
the left you dumb
ah and if you're uh along shutdown over
immigration could could have poisoned
public opinion or it could have totally
turned the tide well I guess we'll never
know because the Democrats caved but
this guy's gonna let you know this guy's
The Huffington Post and everyone was
house by the way we're gonna let you
know that no no no if they did the right
thing because it got the shuts out it
could have turned against them at some
point so you better not oh and the
people that are that against you know
the people that are that against
immigration that they would take
something like this out on daca
recipients those are people that are
already a thousand percent behind Trump
anyway and will be behind him no matter
what I mean really like it's like if
you're that if you would yeah something
like this out on daca recipients you're
already you're at camp already he's
gonna change your mind by the way I run
don't we know for a fact that Trump
Trump voters that the majority of them
actually supported this daca yeah yeah
yeah I'm not saying all Trump voters
fall into that camp but I'm saying the
ones that do that way cation tak a
people yeah they're not moving no matter
what I'm right there there step set
where they are no one no one is gonna
look at this government shutdown and go
goes goddamn powerless immigrants
exactly yeah those people with no money
and absolutely no power how could they
do this they're the ones controlling our
government that's not gonna happen
a log shutdown over direct immigration
could have poisoned public opinion on
the issue and driven people under their
familiar partisan foxholes as well as
made it of difficult for more moderate
Republicans actually negotiated daca
built do you hear this do you hear this
I do hear this yeah it it an unresolved
shutdown if an unresolved shutdown can
only hurt the dreamers
it can only hurt the dreamers and only
piss off potential Republican allies set
a senior democratic aide
Oh geesh now it's my turn to do Micah ah
you're kidding me I seen your democratic
angel Lobby to pose one day adding that
protecting public opinion on dreamers
particularly when government shuts down
are so unpopular was a consideration for
Democrats hey we're not gonna give you
this thing we promised you but it's
because we want everybody else to like
you yeah everyone else already likes
them 9 out of 10 people like them yeah
but what are you gonna do with that one
out of ten person Jimmy that's really
who we're really concerned about that 1
out of 10 that 1 out of 10 person we're
not gonna win no matter what anyway yeah
so Democrat staved off the worst effects
of a government shutdown oh Jesus Christ
they prevented a turn in public opinion
against their party for this shutdown as
well as dreamin can I tell you right now
Jimmy they haven't prevented a turn oh
I'm like a pinion right not at all as a
matter of fact I think this is gonna
gain momentum against how much we cannot
stand the inaptitude of the Democratic
Party Democrats are dead no you know the
turn in public opinion they switch they
made public opinion better for the
Republicans that's what they did yes
that's the as far as this goes that's
the only thing they did as far as public
opinion they made it better for the
Republicans because the Republicans
stood up against those filthy immigrants
that's what they thought that's what
they're saying that they stood up
against those immigrants and they got a
budget open anyway I got a budget deal
anyway you didn't have to let these
that's what's happened that's literally
what happened and they're making it seem
like there was a compromise I mean here
this is Chuck Schumer's transcript Thank
You mr. president
now today we drink seltzer it's how he
opened that's how he open I'm drinking
tap water today Chucky and it's time for
you to step down what does that mean
it's like he's celebrating like today we
enter the third day of the Trump show
the first ever real shutdown to occur
when one party controls the entire
legislative process they basically
sagging them because they reached a
consensus
they prevented a turn in public opinion
against their party for this shutdown as
well as dreamers they got chip they got
a commitment from McDonnell McConnell to
bring up immigration legislation and
they gave up none of their leverage you
didn't get daca what are you talking
about you didn't get that thing that 86%
of ten people in the country want you
didn't get that thing and what you--what
did you give it in for for a promise
from from Mitch McConnell a promise oh
he's so trustworthy that Mitch McConnell
I don't understand what the Democrats
leverage was you tell me stuff that it
may be tempting to insist that Democrats
should have pressed on with the shutdown
strategy until they got everything they
wanted but Congress works slowly barely
until the moment that it all comes
together in an instant this is that same
 this is that same of hey you
have to you can only get turds little
pieces of turds at a time you can never
really we can't have nice things like
the rest of the world that's what this
is you can't Bernie's a fairy don't be a
fairy duster this is how slow things
move do you remember how fast it move
when they got eighty billion dollars
approved for Pentagon spending
like that so fast they barely told
anybody
it was so exactly Ron so fast they'd
even tell anybody about it eighty
billion dollars which by the way would
be enough to end student college debt
over ten years there'll be enough to
send anybody college for free
that would be enough to End Homelessness
three times over so it doesn't move slow
you dumb jagoff it only means move slow
and they don't want to do
it moves fast when they want to do war
and war and Wall Street bailouts
moose woo like that you know what it
takes a long time when they want to
actually use government to help people
so this is more of that you're
just a petulant child if you think the
Democrats could have done any better
here is uh here's what was tweeted out
today I'm on Twitter I'm sure this is a
very nice person Sadie channel at Avery
I'm sure she's very nice person she says
hundreds of thousands in the DEM base
March this weekend we are here and
paying attention Democratic leadership
shouldn't take that for granted
well Sadie we do love Democratic
leadership so i retweeted and when they
do take it for granted as they're doing
right now what will this women March be
about what what will all these women who
March do about it absolutely nothing all
the while pledging their vote for
another corporatist warmongering
neoliberal cuz trump and calling it
resistance and that's the problem if
hillary was president we'd be at brunch
and that's the problem because if
hillary was that president was president
we'd still be living in a neoliberal
nightmare and that's why we got trump
because people think Barack Obama was
doing their bidding and he wasn't that's
why we got Trump because dumb-dumb
Democrats on the Left thought Hillary
Clinton actually gave a about them
and she doesn't not even a little bit
well at least after she got her ass
kicked by a game show host she went out
and tried to get single-payer and nope
she didn't do that at least she went out
and on a tour to try to get $15 minimum
wage no she didn't do that well her
cause was the electoral college right
coming form the electoral college yeah
that was a big thing oh no turns out
she'd even do that oh she went on a
 tour to blame Bernie Sanders
sexism and Russia classic Hillary
Clinton form at nothing to help the
country or help anyone
except herself so there's gonna be a lot
of people on the left saying that this
is okay and I didn't think that this is
so bad and by the I don't know why
anybody watches those shows you can get
that from Jake Tapper you can get that
from the Washington Post in The New York
Times okay so there you have it we
covered it it hurts my heart to cover
this I hate it I hate to watch people on
the Left pretend like this is a victory
and here we are here we are please make
sure you're subscribed even if you think
you are subscribed you're not because
