hi everybody welcome to jimmy dore show
I'm here with staff samurai don't Rob
the cone hello hello
so just as predicted it keeps going
facebook says it removed six hundred and
fifty two disinformation accounts linked
to Russia and Iran and Iran what Iran
out of nowhere all of a sudden Iran what
why Iran why not Saudi Arabia why not
Israel huh why not Syria
why not Qatar why Iran isn't that weird
oh that's the next country want to
invade that's right and Facebook is
working in collusion with the Atlantic
Council where people like Henry
Kissinger and other CIA spooks who let
us into Iraq they want to go into Iran
and they're telling Zuckerberg Iran's
bad that's what's happening so this is
Facebook helping get get us into another
war which if you look at Facebook as the
corporate media which they are that's
what they're doing this is about getting
us into the next war that's what this is
why would they put from Iran
we're afraid of Iran having Facebook
pages jesus H Christ and let's not
forget that that Russian influence
campaign that they ran on Facebook was
so successful some ads were published
after the election was the election was
over it's kind of like if they were
doing a victory lap Facebook is
identified and banned more accounts
engaged in you ready for this misleading
political behavior what that's called
politics that's all of politics Facebook
built its brand largely on people
posting their opinions yes many which
were terrible yeah so if I if I if I'm
backwards politically I don't get to put
you're gonna take my page down if you
think if you don't agree with my
politics if you think
my politics is up have a lot of
family members that are gonna have page
as much like the social network said
Tuesday that it had removed six hundred
or fifty two pages groups it accounts
linked to Russia and unexpectedly Iran
was it really unexpectedly are you keep
unexpectedly Iran Oh turns out someone
there telling us who to hate again oh
that's right I didn't know we're
supposed to be afraid of a rent Oh
someone told me somebody at Facebook who
got the their orders from Henry
Kissinger and Michael Chertoff
and the CIA this is how this work it's
happening right in front of your
faces is there it is unexpectedly read
Berber and picked up reporter who writes
this does ago why the what I didn't
know they were disinformation enthusiast
over there no idea it for a coordinated
inauthentic behavior that's called a
political campaign you can say that
about anybody that's all inauthentic
what inauthentic behavior that includes
the sharing of political material
welcome to 1984
we're censoring political thought that
we don't like here it is
so when I see a phrase coordinated
inauthentic behavior I think of the news
yes stuff that you know that's
immediately what comes to my mind I
break every TV commercial there is what
I watch when I watch MSNBC when I used
to and I would see each program lead
with the same story that's misguided
right and not factually based that's
coordinated behavior are they gonna pull
down Jake Tapper's page we're CNN's page
because Jack taper Jack Jake Tapper is
doing coordinate with with Washington
Post and factcheck.org they're doing an
a coordinate inauthentic behavior
because
lying about the savings of that come
from Medicare for all should we take
down their page CNN's page in fact check
that orgs page and should we take I'm
PolitiFact's page and Snopes because
they're all wrong about that so
should we take their pages down because
they are doing a coordinated inauthentic
behavior of course they're not gonna
take them down that's not this isn't
them this isn't about protecting you
from actual things that harm you this is
about us wanting to have regime change
and giving that any counter facts to our
what the government wants off of
Facebook and out of the political
consciousness of America or what they
want in the political consciousness of
America is that Iran is bad Iran is bad
they're just like Russia and we have to
abandon yeah coordinated inauthentic
behavior is such a gross thought police
eat erm like what is that like you've
been charged with coordinated and
authentic behavior right that's
inauthentic behavior says the platform
that listens to your activity and sells
your information to the highest bidder
exactly the thought police after this
happened they thought police called
Facebook I know you didn't know they had
it phones but they do they thought
police called Facebook and told them
well done who knew weapons weren't even
necessary coordinated behavior it's a
nice way of saying you're all from
countries we don't like yeah that's what
coordinated behavior is Facebook has
significantly stepped up policing of its
platform since last year when it
acknowledged that Russian agents
successfully ran political influence
Hopper successfully what does that mean
they successfully posted they polling it
was online
yes excessively happened hey did you
make that post its up success exactly so
that means I successfully did a campaign
to take down Jake Tapper because my post
actually posted to Facebook so it was
successful and coordinated and it was
coordinated for you authentic the
Russians so there's there literally this
is this is
garbage propaganda successfully ran
political influence operations on
Facebook embed sweat so the Russia
controls our elections now the social
network said it had not concluded its
review of the material and declined to
say how or why he the state back actors
were behaving the way they did declined
to say how so they were they were
declining to tell you what constitutes
what what constitutes coordinated
inauthentic behavior that's what that
means they're not telling you what that
is they declined to say what constitutes
coordinated inauthentic behavior they've
not nope not telling you and we're not
telling you why they were acting that
way but it said it has informed the
United States and the UK government's as
well as informed the US Treasury and
state departments because of ongoing
sanctions against Iran where they're
good boys
oh we're telling the government
everything everything everything please
don't regulate us don't break us up
we'll do whatever the government wants
you want us to take their outer rampages
we'll take them down you want us to
spread propaganda that Russia's
successfully influenced our election
we'll do it whatever we got to do we'll
lie so this is Facebook lying and
keeping you in the dark
Facebook sent the actions to remove the
pages groups and accounts Tuesday
morning were the result of four
investigations three involving Iran the
Iran Wars coming baby so we showed you
General Wesley Clark that right after
9/11 they had a list of seven countries
they wanted to invade they've invaded
almost everyone except for Iran Iraq
Libya Syria Afghanistan Iran haven't
done a ran yet the first the first
investigation in Grau involved a group
called Liberty front press that set up
multiple accounts on Facebook and
Instagram that were followed by a
hundred and fifty five thousand other
accounts the group was
linked to Iranian state media based on
website registrations IP addresses and
administrator accounts Facebook said we
don't know if that's true because
Facebook didn't doesn't release their
evidence
they just say this is all happening it
in the dark
the first accounts were created in 2013
and posted political content about the
Middle East the UK and the US although
the focus on the West increased starting
last year Facebook said so what
if they did so what if there's a
Facebook page link to a retin-a and they
post political stuff stuff about
politics what we have the BBC
and what we have al Jazeera in America
with the BBC in America we have our tea
in America what the the second
group had also had also had multiple
accounts at 150 and 15,000 followers the
group was linked to Liberty front press
and attempted to hack people's accounts
to spread malware Facebook said it
disrupted those attempts again I don't a
third group also operated out of Iran
it's this amazing propaganda news just
saying Iran's bad and then that's it
they're bad I also operate out of Iran
had many as eight hundred and thirteen
thousand followers so they took down a
page that had almost a million followers
that is unbelievable censorship mmm Wow
and why because they shared political
content about the Middle East the UK in
the United States
so now just
political thoughts that we wept not good
 those thoughts take that page down
bad thoughts in all in all the Elaine
are you ready for this in all the
Iranian group spent some 12 grand on
advertising and hosted 28 different
events twelve thousand dollars boy with
that kind of money they should be able
to get a city council race somewhere in
South Dakota won twice Winchell 12 grand
well here's your say here's your Sioux
Falls City Council seat it's like that
moment in austere Boston powers were
like dr. Evil's like totally
disconnected how much stuff is worth and
he's like I have a group on Facebook and
twelve thousand we are spending twelve
thousand dollars to influence the
election
[Laughter]
sounds pretty nefarious take that page
down so they just took down a page that
has almost a million followers because
they spent 12 grand in average and what
I get and they don't show you what what
was so dangerous that they were saying
that you have to protect so this is them
protected by the way this is them
protecting the whole reason why they're
taking these pages down is because
Facebook and the government have to
protect us from bad ideas that's what
this is this is the government in
Facebook protecting you and us everybody
in the country in the world from bad
political ideas holy that's real
that's the stated purpose and people on
the Left are cheering this on this
couldn't be more explicitly Orwellian we
are censoring pages taking down pages
because we don't like their political
thoughts the is going on
I just love how vague and week that
sentences sure political content from
here UK in the middle easily go on one
of those like Disney rides where it's
like there's the
part of it and have like a guide in your
seats just sort of moving like that's
what I imagined when I see this like is
everybody okay I'm Mark Zuckerberg wait
beware political content this one's from
the UK there's political content about
the Middle East duck twelve thousand
dollars in ads you know what yeah by the
way it says uh-oh so a fourth group that
attempted to influence politics in Syria
and the Ukraine was linked to sources
that Facebook said the US had linked to
Russian military intelligence what so
someone else posted something about
Syria in politics in Syria and the
Ukraine and they're like take it down
what the is going on we're working
closely with the US law enforcement on
this investigation Facebook said no
kidding
yeah the cop the freaking state is
running is controlling the flow of
information that's what's half the state
cops people like Henry Kissinger people
like CIA heads like Mike Morell and
Michael Chertoff the dregs this is
textbook fascism this is or well II I
mean it is roiling but it is textbook
fascism this is exactly what that is
corporations and government in this
marriage so if you look at Facebook as a
bookstore which is how you should look
at them they're not publishers Facebook
is like a bookstore but there's only one
bookstore in the whole country
and so now Facebook is letting the
government tell you which books that you
got to take out books that you got to
take out of your store can't sell them
people can't read that I can walk into a
bookstore by the Communist Manifesto
right now I can go by man mine Kampf
those aren't banned we don't ban
political thought oh yes we do it's
like there's one bookstore in the
country and all the sudden that
bookstore along with their powerful
friends decided to have a book burning
and you have no say and you have no say
you know what if you just do a very
cursory research about what's happening
in Iran yeah you know you will find out
that their human experience is similar
to our human experience they're the same
people in a different world yes and
we're getting ready to call for war
against them they're suffering from
droughts they're suffering from you know
no access to health care lack of access
you know and we've helped that happen in
in Iran
we're complicit with this so when I see
this it makes me think like okay I
shouldn't write Syria in a Facebook post
I shouldn't write Iran
Davalos steer clear of Russian dressing
right like it's crazy what's happening
it is crazy stuff it's crazy and I've
been trying to tell people on the Left
who are friends of mine how crazy this
all is and the reason and and and they
say Oh Jimmy you just care because
you've been targeted yes and you reason
you don't care is because you haven't
been targeted yet but they will come for
you waits you go against the next the
next war but maybe you're not going to
so that's why you think you don't give a
 you're on the there's a lot of
people on the left or a pro-rata war at
war these days since Trump you tell me
they want Trump to rap they want Trump
to intervene in between China
and Taiwan right now they want Trump to
do that and if he doesn't it somehow
he's failing the country it shows that
he's a Manchurian Candidate what is
wrong with people we don't have enough
war I know we need more work yeah get
this feeling like they want us to go
back to the 80s where I'm supposed to
hate Russia and China yes but but but
we've got about eight other countries
that were already on but we're
already bombing a waitress how many
people do we have to hate and we can't
afford Medicare for all Mark Zuckerberg
says there's a lot we don't know yet
yeah I'm guessing most of that stuff you
don't know is contained in the first
amendment yeah we don't there's a lot of
stuff we don't know mostly its stuff
about how freedom of speech works and
just so you know
Patricia Dowling post centos stood this
these posts of the Jimmy Dore and common
dreams were instantly censored this
morning yy-your posters removed this was
the post that was removed the Jake
Tapper caught lying about
medicare-for-all lies again that was
removed instantly instantly censored
here's someone else this video this
jimmy dore video celebrity shamed voters
instead of the powerful on YouTube sent
me to Facebook jail again how are well
Ian our country has become tried to
share that video you're temporarily
restricted from joining and posting
here's YouTube MSNBC covers Saudi
massacre of Yemen children it's Chris
Hayes because we showed the video of him
covering it and they demonetised it not
suitable for most advertisers confirmed
by a manual review that got almost
70,000 views demonetised
now I'll guarantee you that the video
that Chris Hayes did about this which is
what we discovered his video of it did
not get demonetised
if they put that video on YouTube it
does not they don't did monetize MSNBC's
but have different algorithms for their
first level tear advertised people they
have a different algorithm for them this
is all done in secret which is already
should be a scandal that they have
algorithms done in secret because why
Jimmy because they control the flow of
information in the country and just
because they're a private corporation
just means that the law hasn't caught up
to them yet just like what Rosa Parks
just because it was legal to make her
sit in the back of the bus or a
restaurant for sitting in the front that
didn't make it what right that made it
worse that meant it was
illegality and immorality being
sanctioned by the state so this death
that's what this means freedom of speech
is sanctioned right now being that the
censorship is being sanctioned now
by ARCA by the state it's got to catch
up to it and the law will catch up to
Facebook should be broken up social
YouTube so there you go there's a lot
Mark Zuckerberg still does there's a lot
we still don't know yet boy is there
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a livestream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
