Lord Steiner is our guests and she's
been an active progressive activist for
a long time in fact she was a first on
board with Bernie Sanders she started
the LA for Bernie in the spring of 2015
and well she's here to talk about how
she feels about it all now well you know
Jimmy idem exited last June June of 2017
because I couldn't take it anymore and
really I was hoping that he would answer
Nick Braun is called to start the
people's party but I've talked to Bernie
twice now about going independent and he
nods his head and humors me but I know
that he has had a negative opinion about
third parties ever since he did so
abysmally when he ran in Vermont in the
70s for a third party but that's
ridiculous because things have changed I
mean in California for example
independence NPP's has just surpassed
Republican in terms of registration
peepees means no preference party right
party preference party preference yeah
you're an independent right but you
can't call yourself an independent in
California because there's a party
called the independent American
independent party which is the right
wing party yes successful you have to
call yourself an NP P yeah so anyway
Bernie the thing that I take issue with
Bernie was the weekend before our
primary election on June 5th he came out
here for three events he was in Anaheim
talking to the Disneyland workers then
he went to Carson to do something for
the longshoremen then he came here to
Los Angeles to do something for the real
justice pact which is trying to elect
progressive da's now when he it when he
was in Anaheim they were trying to
recall josh newman who won a normally
republican seat so the republicans put
all their forces to do a recall because
josh newman voted for the gas tax and
bernie was down there in anaheim in his
district he did not once rally up those
people to go out and vote on tuesday to
vote against the recall then he comes up
to you know la for this real justice
pact thing and he's talking about with
john king with Shawn King and patrisse
cullors covered that we cover I was
there too
we they were talking about you know his
racial justice platform which I give him
credit he's totally evolved on that but
guess what
they had six candidates running for
District Attorney there was Pamela price
in Alameda County
Genevieve Jones right in San Diego
County Noah Phillips in Sacramento did
Bernie mention any of those names at all
and we had a lot of candidates that were
really upset with him because he took
people away from get out the vote in the
last weekend before our election because
they know he knows that people will come
and see him so thousands of people
stopped canvassing in their
neighborhoods to go see Bernie and while
I agree with everything he said he
wasn't being the most strategic either
and I don't think he has anyone on his
staff who who advises him like this so
what you're saying is that Bernie came
out to California and he came out the
week before our primary weekend to
weekend before our primary vote and so
instead of progressive volunteers and
whatever activists out there knocking on
doors to get to stir up the vote they
were then pulled away from doing that to
go to this Bernie event and you could
have predicted that that's what was
gonna happen and yet he did it anyway
and he didn't do anything to help get
the vote out in California that's what
you're saying yeah now I was told that
the real that some of the organizations
that sponsored these rallies were 501 C
3s and you cannot endorse a candidate or
mention a candidate on their stage
because their nonprofit status could be
threatened however that did not preclude
Bernie from having a separate rally in
the same location for these candidates
why did he not endorse Gayle McLaughlin
he endorsed her in 2014 when she was
running for four no she was running the
Richmond Progressive Alliance and they
were running to take over the City
Council you know our revolution endorsed
her she got every single our revolution
over 30 but Bernie didn't endorse Gayle
McLaughlin on the show plenty
yeah and we're big fans of Gayle she
took on Chevron and she beat them yeah
and she's a real started to
progress the Richmond progressive
alliance Bernie endorsed turn 2014 Yap
doesn't endorses this or even though our
revolution endorser and why do you think
that is well first I thought maybe it
was because she wasn't a Democrat but
then it turns out the Democratic Party
didn't endorse anyone either because it
was between Elena Cunha lacus who sell
funded her campaign with 4.2 million
dollars of her own money her father a
big real estate developer put 4.8
million dollars and then ed Hernandez
who was the current lieutenant governor
not lieutenant governor I forget what
his current thing is he raised two
million dollars so poor Gail she had
about $250,000 right only got a few
percentage points under 5% of the total
vote showing that you really can't run
corporate free on anything in my mind
anything other than either the highest
level the president or the local the
most local level City Council and you
know basically because what you're doing
is you're you're splitting the
progressive dollars you're splitting the
progressive volunteer hours it's very
difficult you know so I'm I'm very
dubious about the ability of our
corporate free candidates to get by
unless we start strategizing
what's the we're gonna get to that but
let's finish off with Bernie so you were
you were the L you started the LA for
Bernie organization yes it was a was a
volunteer group that was on the ground a
year before his campaign hit Los Angeles
KITT California we started in May of
2015 and we did all sorts of events for
him my the most fun thing I did was
change the lyrics of Christmas carols I
saw you when you do so what do you think
about Bernie's strategy now so Bernie
strategy is he didn't call out the
Democratic Party for rigging the primary
how did you feel about that well you
know Jane said it would look like sour
grapes and I could understand how they
would feel that way you know in other
words he lost and therefore he was
complaining or trying to blame it on
someone oh you have a rigged system you
have to fix yeah I'd like to fix a
rigged system but I don't want people to
think I'm being sucked what yeah that's
what you have to yeah yeah you know what
some people are gonna say that you still
have to do it no yeah no I agree I think
we never mentioned about you never you
never go ahead when they took his voter
file see he when I said to him when I
met him in 2014 for the second time
first time I met him was in 2011 and I
asked him to please challenge Obama in
the 2012 primary and he said no he
wasn't going to take on the Democratic
Party then either so when I talked to
him in 2014 I said please run as an in
pendant that way you can lead a movement
and not a campaign and he said others
have told me that I will consider it but
when he didn't do it my understanding
was he wanted to get coverage by the
media and he wanted to be in the debates
well we know what happened there they
limited the debates to six they put him
on Saturdays opposite some football game
and MSNBC forbid their clothes from
covering it right exactly I mean so so
by that point when they took his day we
just were mention that either he never
talked about that no he never talks
about so ed Schultz comes out and blows
the whistle off MSNBC and it's all
 they won't even allow he was
given an order not to cover Bernie
Sanders Bernie Sanders doesn't even
mention it yeah he goes on MSNBC all the
time doesn't mention it now yeah yeah so
that was the point at which I got and
they can cover Bernie now because he's
not a threat no right that that's why
I'm us NBC will have him on and right
when you agree with that because there's
not a campaign happening right now where
he can probably okay probably but that
would have been the point when they took
his voter file and they actually did do
a lawsuit the campaign did a lawsuit to
get it back that would have been the
time to say they're cheating me I'm
leaving I'm running third party so the
next time I told Bernie to go
independent was the night before the
California primary when there were
rumors that Hillary was going to be
indicted by Comey but they were going to
wait until after the convention because
they didn't want Bernie to win so the
rumor and of course we all believed it
because we by this point we knew how
they had rigged it against him the rumor
was going to be they were going to allow
Hillary to win the nomination then Comey
was going to indict her and then they
were going to put in either Warren or
Biden someone more to their liking so I
got to the headquarters an hour early so
I could be at the front of the line by
this point I no longer had the kind of
personal access to Bernie that I used to
have before he became a rock star so I'm
standing there patiently waiting
I had brought articles about one how how
Ralph Nader did not cost Algor the
election covered that he because I know
a thousand Democrats voted for George
Bush in Florida yeah so we know that
Bernie stopped talking to Ralph Nader in
2000 because he blamed him for that and
I was one of those people who watched
all of Bernie's old speeches I remember
watching his press conference when he
came to Congress in 1991
they said how are you gonna do things
differently he says I'm gonna bring in
people like Ralph Nader that was 91 by
2000 he stopped talking to him so I had
this article that Kevin Zeese from
Popular Resistance org had written with
laying out all the reasons Gore lost and
I had an article about third parties and
the popularity of third parties now in
the country or the you know how it
people were independent and I had an
opportunity to hand it to Corina
Driscoll his daughter-in-law and chat
with her for a while and then when
Bernie came by at the end after giving
his speech got off the podium was
walking by and his shaking hands and
nodding someone has a picture of me
whispering in his ear and I I thought
how can I say what I want to say in the
fewest of words and I said Bernie if
they try to steal it from you and give
it to Biden or Warren run with Jill
Stein you can win and that's exactly
what I said to him and of course he
doesn't say anything he's just nodding
and smiling and walking along but I
really felt that you know I gave it the
old college try I mean literally three
times you know I tried and and now I I I
don't know I'm gonna try to see Jeff
Weaver I'm gonna be in Washington where
Jeff lives Jeff is gonna be running his
2020 campaign I do think he's gonna run
and I'm gonna have some conversations
with Jeff Weaver about what I think
Bernie needs to do what do you think
Bernie needs to do well I think Bernie
needs to take off the gloves right now
and I think he does he does he's not
going to well it's obvious he's not
going to he plays ball he played ball in
the primary he was nice and then he goes
on this tour this unity tour with Tom
Perez which was supposed to be a
medicare-for-all to it did you know that
it was supposed to be a medicare-for-all
yeah and then Bernie's that gets
co-opted the Democrats say no you can't
do that you're gonna go around with Tom
Perez and talk everybody about how great
you guys are unified now and that's what
he did well I think you know I'm not as
hard as Bert on Bernie as you are
because I think he's really doing a good
job bringing out the issues and you know
he has shifted the party to the left at
least rhetorically is so I think it's
gonna be very I mean who knows if you
work within this party change is gonna
be so slow with incremental they're
gonna be dead before you know the planet
will be well it's gonna be dead before
we get anywhere a better we'll be dead
and the planet will be dead and we will
be
nowhere and so I what I'm with Chris
Hedges nonviolent civil disobedience he
told me once Chris that if you get two
to three percent of the population just
standing up and resisting that's all it
takes to make a revolution in this
country but the problem is people have
lost their ability to think critically
and challenge Authority because the
education system is being privatized the
media is being privatized they're trying
to silence independent journalists I was
looking up what daya schlossberg was
charged with she was charged for
covering the valve Turner's the people
that turned off the oil she was charged
with three felonies forty five years in
jail if they didn't drop those charges
talked about up at dapple yes yes in
North Dakota Edward Snowden tweeted hey
I'm only charged with 30 years for what
I did right and there were there were
two other people that covered the same
action in Washington state also charged
with felonies they dropped the charges
so they're they're targeting journalists
they're targeting activists it's
becoming very difficult and I'm very
worried especially when we have someone
with I don't really call Trump a fascist
I don't think he's smart enough to even
have an ideologies in the way that like
Hitler had an ideology and moose moose
and his ideology is himself he's an
egotistical narcissist and everything is
based on how you talk about with
right-wing tendencies right right right
he loves he's an authoritarian for sure
he's a businessman you just want to tell
everybody what to do right yes so so you
tell me did you tell me what you think
Bernie needed to do well I think Bernie
needs to call out the Democratic Party
when they do things like this like when
Tom Peres endorsed Crowley I mean a
Cuomo wait but don't he did Bernie call
him out for that no no he did it but
Bernie doesn't he so he's not sticking
up for the progressive in that race as
Cynthia Nixon Bernie's not doing that
well our revolution endorsed her so I
wasn't sure I can't speak definitively
whether Bernie did or did not okay that
will remain to be seen whether Bernie he
needs to start endorsing candidates
because our revolution nobody knows what
that is right but I do I do have
knowledge that they have Bernie's list
that coveted list our revolution yes so
when they do endorse a candidate they
are mailing to Bernie's list
but here's the thing Bernie cannot
coordinate with our revolution because
that's the way PACs were right yeah so I
think Bernie needs to you know I don't
know
Bernie's limited he's 76 years old I
mean III wear a shirt all the time says
Bernie 2020 on the back and on the front
it says 79 is the new 50 because people
that's something will you dem enter
again for Bernie if he runs in 2020 I
will vote for Bernie if he feels that
mentor I don't think I well I will to
vote for him in the primary but when
I'll damn exit again right after
so you'll dumb mentor vote for Bernie
then dumb exit well I mean Who am I
gonna vote for a counterfeit kamala
bought Booker I mean that's who's gonna
run or eric garcetti gutless Garcetti
I've got these alliterative hashtags for
all these guys that are you know running
for president Kristin Gillibrand she's
another one former Republican who's
trying to pretend you know how
progressive she is I really feel these
people are all johnny-come-lately to
these progressive ideals so I don't
really care about the rhetoric because
Bernie's got a 40 year track record of
standing up for these positions so
unless there's somebody else better I am
gonna vote for him yeah I want to vote
for him too we have these questions you
know what if he you know like for
instance what is this with this strategy
of not endorsing progressives in races
what is with the strategy of not
building an organization outside the
Democratic Party which is what he called
for in the 90s he said there has to be a
progressive movement and has to happen
outside the Democratic Party because the
Democrats Republicans it doesn't matter
people don't see any difference between
them and guess what the stories we
covered today prove that there is very
little difference between the Democrats
Republicans that the Democrats in all
real ways an able Trump enable they
didn't disable in with Wall Street they
enable him with Foreign Wars
they enable him with the Pentagon budget
they enable him just now and in
California with net neutrality he
repealed net neutrality the Democrats in
California had a chance to have their
own and they got rid of it so the
revolution is not happening when Bernie
said that sounds like you're ready for a
revolution I'm questioning whether that
was intellectually honest because now
he's pushing for incremental ism inside
the Democratic Party correct we really
is
but I also think when he talked about a
political revolution it's very different
from the kind of revolution I'm speaking
about yeah and Chris Hedges is speaking
about that's actually people on the
street doing nonviolent civil
disobedience like Bernie did in the 60s
when he was arrested for protesting
segregated housing in Chicago right
what's up mm-hmm trained himself to that
black woman right I don't remember is
that what he did yes yeah so we I just
you know it just seems like the opposite
of what Bernie had been saying all along
and so he's still at you know tip of the
hat I I took the hat that he still he
has he has brought Medicare for all free
college and a living wage people are now
talking about it and that is you know
much more than I've done for this
country so you know Bernie's a greater
man than me for sure but again his
biggest supporters are confused and we
just need him to answer these questions
like why won't why won't you make sure
that the Democratic primary is
democratic why won't you call out people
who cheated you for cheating you what
why why won't you now try to build a
third party you're the most if Bernie
Sanders and Nina Turner
and Tulsi Gabbard started a third party
yeah what do you think that's how you
start a third party yeah and and you
know the debt the greens were on for
everybody says the greens they're
horrible they're that they're under
they're unorganized and all this stuff
and there's too much infighting and all
the stuff yet they managed to get on and
that might all be true yet they managed
to get on 48 states ballots yeah so this
side this idea that it still you can't
get the ballot axis is so hard well the
greens do it they got on 48th Jill Stein
was on 48 states ballots that's all you
need to win yeah so why do you think
people keep saying a third party is
undoable well I don't know but you know
what Jimmy I focus on what we can do
locally I believe in working on
legislation rather than on
representation because that electoral
politics is you're getting someone to
represent you and then you have to trust
that they're going to represent you so
then it becomes in electoral politics
becomes a matter of you know running
candidates and then you have to hold
them accountable I think I've been able
see more change working on an issue
basis like we are getting group of young
