hi everybody welcome to the Jimmy Dore
Show I'm here with Grandma wood Ron
black-owned how are you howdy howdy
yay okay everybody check out in San
Bernardino go see Graham's comedy
special thing he's taping this Sunday
it's for Native Americans
it's an where is a Graham San Bernadino
at the San Bernardino Valley College
Auditorium it's for FNX the first nation
experience it's like it's a Native
American Channel so it's a donation
actually there are 501c3 so your ticket
is tax-deductible you're supporting
Native American comedians and artists
and I'm producing directing and I'm
seeing it there's a lot of great comics
on it Laura house Jim rural mark Yaffe
and Sheila colicky so it's this Sunday
December 17 7:00 p.m. you get tickets at
Graham Elwood dot-com alright everybody
check that out now we're gonna talk
about the five things we learned from
Doug Jones's victory in Alabama by the
way the loneliest guy at that party
lowly's guy at that party by way there's
the kids praying they have the kids
praying for a pedophile isn't that nice
III think some of our praying that he
loses so he doesn't they don't talk to
you okay - I don't want to go to the
mall again and see uncle Roy they're
praying they're not recruited to
interview him next that's what they
bring so here's according to the
Guardian here's here's the five things
we learned the first thing is that Steve
Bannon is beatable they say former White
House chief strategist has compared
himself to the Star Wars villain but
this was the moment he dropped his
lightsaber in 2016 Bannon helped pull
off one of the greatest election upsets
in American history yeah cuz he's
brought it against Hillary Clinton
pretty that not woo Wow
hey you know what did you hear the
Chicago Bulls beat at the the
eighth-grade blind girls team yeah
they're very good they're very good the
Bulls uh what so heat wow he pulled it
off
they beat Hillary Clinton so I'm gonna
anyway but in 2017 he backed one of the
worst Senate candidates in American
history making light of allegations of
sexual misconduct with teenage girls and
went down in flames the old playbook
such as blaming the media did not work
even in a Republican stronghold
among those questioning bannon's
judgment is likely to be Donald
Trump who was persuaded to throw his in
his lot with more and who notoriously
hates losing so Donald Trump lost twice
in the abaya he backed the wrong guy in
the primary and he backed the wrong guy
in the general so he so what I think
happened was Donald Trump he actually
did get sick of winning he's been
winning so much got sick of it
he's like let's lose back-to-back so I
did my appetite back gotta get his
appetite back he's been so because he's
video they but they you know had their
big win with the he had a big win with
the remember when he won with the we
would repeal the more bomber care oh no
that didn't work remember his big win
when he tried to have his health care
know that remember is big win with the
oh the tax plan hmm that hasn't actually
come out of reconciliation I have to go
to a committee to figure it out because
the house bills different than the
Senate bill but anyway Steve Bannon is
beatable that's the first thing that
we've that's the first thing we've
learned Steve Bannon is beatable like
who didn't know that course Steve Madden
is beatable okay you mean a guy who's
most famous for running a neo-nazi
sympathizing website is beatable yeah
all right well how do you do that turns
out number two this is a number two
thing we've learned according to the
Guardian it says the Republican civil
war is about to get even uglier what's
that is true that is happening it is
getting even uglier the Alabama special
election had turned into a lose-lose
situation that's it those are tough when
you get into those huh uh we elected a
pedophile oh we lost with a pedophile
it's a lose-lose a more win would have
been bad saddling them with demands for
an ethics investigation or expulsion and
tarnishing the brand for years but a
Republican Senate defeat in Alabama for
the first time since 1992 is hardly
cause for celebration reducing the
party's majority to fifty one forty nine
in the chamber divisions were painfully
exposed by the failure to pass health
care legislation now there will be a
soul-searching and recriminations over
the self-inflicted wound questions will
be asked about bannon's undue influence
on the party is he driving them over a
cliff hope
yes it certainly looks that way and you
know Trump actually didn't get as many
votes as Hillary Clinton he won because
of the electoral college and you think
the Democrats who won the popular vote
now
with the horrible campaign the worst
campaign ever they still won the popular
one still want it do you think they'd be
screaming about the reforming the
electoral college but they're not isn't
that interesting there they don't want
to get rid of this stupid system that
has thrown the election to the loser 40%
of the time in the 21st century and both
of those times it was the goddamn
Democrat who won the popular vote but
lost the election and the Democrat if
that was Republicans first of all
there'd be rioting in the streets if
Trump won the popular vote and he lost
the election there would have been
rioting and there would have been some
kind of coalition government formed I'll
bet you any goddamn money and they would
have got rid of the electoral college
like that but the Democrats are like
that you know why cuz they're donors
they're chosen to be like that the
Democrats donors choose them to be
people who are passive spineless and
don't want to change the system
that's why but and and that just goes to
show you how ineffective the Democrats
are they're worthless
they won't even change your system that
has screwed over the popular vote to 40%
of the time in the 21st century
literally and who is it screwed over
them and they don't even care don't even
mention it isn't that weird they'd even
mention it they could be sitting on a
sixteen year straight White House rates
domination yes like and still going and
still going with another like we're
looking at twenty years they could be
like we've got--we've the first twenty
years of the new millennium we've
controlled the White House nope but we
need to prevent mob rule sorry I tried I
tried I tried I tried to say with a
straight face I really tried and the
electoral college then you're gonna let
California in New York you know what
everything I was gonna no no there's no
States if you get rid of the elect is
one person one vote no Trump didn't
campaign
we're in Wyoming cuz he didn't need to
the red state and he handy had it won
like it's just it's just fascinating to
me why they wouldn't want to do this
because anything even slightly to the
left to populism to progress to is gonna
translate it's gonna translate if they
just would talk about jobs and education
and health care and actually put those
things in there and got rid of the
Electoral College they would never lose
mm-hmm again their donors don't care so
they don't care right that's that's the
only thing that's the only plausible
answer really come on why wouldn't the
Democrats be screaming at the top this
anyway number three a pattern is
emerging
according to the Guardian a pattern is
emerging historically the party that
occupies the White House struggles in
special and special and midterms
elections in 2010 Democrats received
what President Barack Obama called a
shellacking there is now growing body of
evidence that despite Trump's ability to
change the rules this pattern is not
only holding but becoming turbocharged
Republicans perform badly in Virginia
and elsewhere last month now they have
lost Alabama which is which in sporting
terms would be the equivalent of New
Zealand losing to Jamaica at Rugby with
Trump's approval rating at a record low
a potential meltdown in the twenty eight
terms o midterms awaits again it should
be a meltdown in the twenty eight turn
midterms but the Democrats still have no
message you know who do is gonna do well
in the 2018 midterms is the Democrats
who have strong populist messages that's
who's gonna do well so what they're
saying is we you know went off to in
every off year election that's the party
that's not in the White House does
really well and that's gonna keep going
and you know why that's been going that
way it's because neither party has any
programs that help people which is why
neither party can retain power just like
Graham said that it it's it's um
so go ahead anything you guys wanted I
was gonna say what this says to me since
it just Americans are ripe yeah or a
third party yes they are ready to go if
you came with a Labor Party
you would you would get some hardcore
red Staters to go yeah I'm in yeah yeah
job I'll go and they would go you know
what fine I'm in with gay marriage I
don't care you know I don't care her
fine
I'll accept whatever you want if you're
giving me a livable wage give me a job
give me a job I think there's people in
coal country in West Virginia that know
coal is dead if you went in there if a
left-leaning progressive whether they're
a Democrat or with a third party the
Green Party went in there and said I'm
shutting down your coal mines and I'm
putting in a solar power factory and you
all get jobs they'd go yep they wouldn't
argue it they just want jobs they're not
beholden to coal because they love it
coal kills people you die from working
in coal and they've been said so they
would just they want jobs if you give
people jobs in education and
health care for their children there
will back you front every time well not
just that but young people I mean young
people like like there was an article
that came out originally about 71
percent of young people one a viable
third option yeah well because they know
that they're gonna be screwed unless
they give it mm-hm all they've seen
young people if you're under 30 all
you've seen your entire adult life is
the of the two-party system
 you left and right and that's
why they voted for Trump to kind of
smash the system even Nick Smith who's a
West Virginian a minimum wage worker he
was interviewed on this show and he said
we all knew that Trump was a jacket or
nay a loudmouth Yankee jackass the
shooter got his ass kicked a long time
ago but he was the only one even trying
to promise giving lip service to them so
there you go number go to number four
the anti Trump Coalition has been in
Boldin's last month elections were
dubbed the revenge of the suburbs as
women minorities and university educated
voters joined to deliver a rebuke to
trump by voting in a new slate of female
african-american and transgender
Democrats what happened in Alabama
appears to confirm this trend
african-americans turned out in big
numbers and in one of America's most
racially divided states many women were
appalled by the accusations against more
suburbia including establishment
Republicans again appears to have dealt
a decisive blow I just think it would
suppress a turnout in Alabama let's get
to the last one they go Trump did indeed
scramble the electoral map Trump defied
all conventional wisdom to win the
presidency
turning some traditionally blue states
red but it cuts both ways Democrats who
lost the White House who Democrats who
lost the white South in the 1960s
suddenly find that even a state such as
Alabama is in play I'll be at thanks to
Moore's uniquely negative
characteristics this will give fresh
hope to progressives in cities such as
Austin Texas Nashville Tennessee and
other islands of Blues surrounded by red
paradoxically at a moment when America
is at its most abide it sends to be a
lot more the battle lines are being
redrawn okay so today I don't again
the Democrats are not gonna win whites
back in the south unless they have
something to offer so if you have
nothing to offer except we're not the
other guy they're gonna go well the
other guy still hates gays and so do I
you know right so I got so but here's
what I just want to play this real quick
here's michael steele former RNC
Chairman and and here's he's asked about
what this means for doug jones who's the
guy who just got elected and listen to
what his answer is I think he's played
he's blaming Mitch McConnell so that
he's talking about Trump they go who's
he true who's Trump blaming and he says
this I think he's playing he's blaming
Mitch McConnell so that's gonna come
it's gonna he's blaming the
establishment folks on the hill that dim
pivots how do they then respond I think
you've already seen the first salvo from
McConnell said to to the senator senator
elect we're looking forward to welcome
you to the Senate to work with us in the
Republican caucus now why is that
important one it's yeah we know we're
now 49 51 but also he knows odd Jones's
backyard and if Jones has any desire to
hold that seat after 2010 yeah he's
gonna who's gonna give it a couple of
times Republican so I don't know if he
just heard what they all just said but
they're saying Doug Jones who just want
a monumental victory with an
unbelievable turn out by his base to win
as a Democrat in Alabama
now the advice he's getting for mental
Chris Matthews but also the ROC chair is
that he better act like a Republican and
stab the people who just voted for him
in the back if he wants to get reelected
he's got appeal to the people who didn't
vote for him that is the craziest thing
I may have ever heard in my life
and nobody Chris Matthews went on to say
this all night and nobody would ever say
to Chris Matthews what policies do you
agree with Republican that he should
vote on what should he vote Republican
on Chris tell me what would he vote for
she vote for the tax bill what should he
vote for should he vote for more
fracking should he vote to open up the
Arctic by the way that's all stuff the
Democrats do what should what is it
still so he doesn't have any problem
with that what should he so there it is
so now look out so now there's gonna be
all these stupid Neil liberals telling
Doug Jones to vote Republican so we can
get reelected why what's the point of
look and having a Democrat if you can't
be a Democrat and the reason why
Democrats what the reason why you're
supposed to push progressive policies is
because you're supposed to believe that
they make people's lives better and if
you make people's lives better
they'll reelect you that's why you push
progressive policies you don't go well
I'm gonna push some policies that will
make their lives worse so then they'll
vote for me that's literally what
they're suggesting that he do anyway so
those are the five things we've learned
from the race according to the Guardian
and there's a couple more things that
we've learned that we did that weren't
in that article
any last words on this I don't know how
optimistic I am about that last one that
all of a sudden the electoral map is
scrambled you know I used to live in
Nashville Tennessee actually one of the
cities mentioned and when you live in a
blue dot in a red state a lot of times
you find yourself not ever really voting
for anything you find yourself voting
against a lot of things and that you
know lately I would find myself going to
vote to make sure that women's rights
weren't pushed back thirty years because
of some of these propositions and they
push out there from coke money that
would narrowly pass all the cities would
be like ninety ten against it but the
rest of this day it was just enough that
it would usually go through and
that's essentially what happened in
Alabama you know that they didn't go
vote for anything they voted against a
pedophile it's so sad that those were
their choices you can either have a
pedophile or not a pedophile
the other thing too that just struck me
from these guys on NBC was just
blatantly publicly Wow who gives a
what the voters want here's what the
corporation and the yes the Democrats
the neoliberals they're gonna tell you
how to vote this is how politics works
we need your little vote but then we get
our guy in there and he's gonna have to
swing this way or that way as whatever
the wind of the corporate sales blows
after one of the most stunning
Democratic victories in the history of
our country the advice is to stop being
Democrat hey thanks for watching the
show we nest to ask you to make sure
you're subscribed if you're not if you
think you are check again because
they're unsubscribing people no kidding
check make sure you're subscribed when
you subscribe click that bell so you get
a notice every time we drop a video so
thanks for supporting the show thanks
for doing that and you can become a
patron or a premium member through
PayPal whichever way you'd like to do it
we give you plenty of extra video every
week and or buy a t-shirt or a mug for
the holidays thanks for your support
[Music]
