hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest in studio i
love in studio guests it's tim Canova
you know Tim can / hi Tim how are you
there Jimmy
let me tell people who Tim is he's been
on the show before he's a law professor
specializing in banking and finance and
he ran against Debbie wasserman-schultz
for her seat he came very close didn't
win I predict he's gonna overtake her
this time because he's got momentum but
he's here to talk about some of the
crazy stuff that we're going on with the
ballots in that race and some other
stuff we're gonna talk about hi Tim hey
there Jimmy how are you so good so tell
me about what you here to talk about
something happened with the ballots well
that's true
after the last race I'll say the last
race ended and we had our doubts about
the final tally the polls were showing
me closing fast in the final weeks but
the polls were based on maybe 400 phone
calls to people who only have landlines
right whereas we were knocking on 10,000
doors a week we had a much bigger sample
size it included people who actually
have cell phones cell phones right and
our our internal numbers were suggesting
a far different outcome so I did not
contest the election but several weeks
went by and a number of election
integrity folks started contacting me
they had started to analyze the data
they started to have some real questions
I remember one one friend of mine
somebody with the progressive Democrats
of America he contacted me he said it
seems very strange one of the precincts
nobody voted and in another precinct a
hundred percent of the votes went to
Wasserman Schultz so who knows there
were all kinds of rumors swirling around
I figured let's do a public records
request ballots are considered public
records in Florida has a very good
public record statute so last I guess it
was November of 2016 we put in the first
of what would be three public records
requests and right off the bat we were
told by the Broward County Supervisor of
Elections they didn't do any digital
scanned images of the ballots which
seemed real strange these are paper
ballots and every one of them is passed
through a scanning machine to be
tabulated and they just somehow never
took the images of these these ballots
and all you really have to do is push
one toggle switch
it takes all the images so we said no
problem we will inspect the paper
balance which is what we really wanted
to see anyway and our plan was to
inspect the balance and maybe a dozen
precincts and out of 200 or more
precincts and just see if it came out
you know okay we verified the vote move
on it's not an issue anymore something
like six months went by and the Broward
County Supervisor of Elections just was
stonewalling us so I brought a lawsuit
last June and while the lawsuit was
pending we learned that the Broward
Supervisor of Elections destroyed all of
our paper ballots and destroyed them in
September of 2017 while the litigation
was pending no isn't there a statute
that they're supposed to hang on to
those ballots for a certain amount of
time how long are they supposed to hang
on federal statute says 22 months and
they destroyed them almost immediately
well no they waited twelve months to
destroy them
okay so 12 months destroyed listen hang
on him for 22 months exactly and the
state law mimics the federal law and I
mean these are actually criminal
sanctions for violating these laws and
then on top of that the destruction
order that was signed on September 1st
of 2017 the supervisor of elections was
certifying that the ballots were not the
subject of any pending litigation well
indeed they were and she was actually
the named defendant in that litigation
and we had already served pretrial
discovery requests so there's all kinds
of legal violations that occurred you've
got to ask yourself why would somebody
commit potential felonies court
sanctions to destroy paper ballots and
it turns out when they told us they
destroyed the paper ballots they said oh
by the way we do have digital scanned
images after all so we have no idea what
to believe we had a team of four folks
who spent two days inspecting the
digital scans images in four precincts
and they were off by dozens of votes in
each precinct so nobody knows what to
believe my election integrity experts
Lulu Frey stet was the the chief
election integrity advocate who
inspected the ballots for us or the
digital scanned images for us and her
view is once you destroy the paper
ballots you really don't have any
confidence in the digital scanned images
they could have removed and replaced a
lot of ballots for the scanned images
and in fact they have a machine that
spits out ballots that can even be
marked off so it's a it's a dirty system
I'm glad we brought the lawsuit the
consequences haven't played out at all
yet the Florida Governor a Republican
who you know I don't support this
governor but he is the governor he is
charged with upholding the law and his
Secretary of State has asked the Broward
Supervisor of Elections for an
explanation of what happened now the
Broward County Supervisor of Elections
that is a Democrat a Democrat an elected
Democrat I should say that in in court
it's on the transcripts the lawyer for
the Broward Supervisor of Elections in
opposing our attempt to depose several
officials from the supervisors office
portrayed to the court that they could
get an affidavit from my opponent to
oppose the depositions and so you have
to ask yourselves why would that be
wasserman-schultz be involved at all
right and in trying to oppose a public
records request what why you tell me why
well it doesn't look good it looks like
she's trying to hide something
it does indeed and the number two person
at the supervisors office the the person
who actually was also on his signature
on the destruction order when we had
visited their offices weeks before our
election he had not one but two framed
photographs of himself with Debbie wasa
Oh fantastic so here's what will
probably happen is nothing and because
you know you're fighting the people who
have power and the only thing you can
hope for is that someone who has more
power like the Secretary of State or the
governor actually enforces a law well
and we have reason to be hopeful the
Supervisor of Elections has been sued
not just by me but also by two
Republican groups I think the Republican
Party of Florida because in crowd
they're so incompetent or corrupt I'm
not sure which they're apparently
thousands of deceased voters who are
still on the voter no kidding yeah and
this is terrible because it plays into
the Republican narrative of course and
Broward County should know better and
should be organized well enough not to
have had this kind of a situation this
Broward Supervisor of Elections was not
first elected she was first appointed by
a previous Governor Jeb Bush when that
governor removed the previous supervisor
of elections I think for incompetence or
corruption I'm not sure which so there's
precedent this the supervisor could be
replaced and we're calling for a federal
investigation like you said this
violates federal law with criminal
sanctions we're hoping the Justice
Department will investigate we're hoping
the Congress will investigate these
electronic voting machines there's no
reason to have any confidence in them
they've been banned all over Western
Europe so why do we still use them in
the United States because they are sold
and operated by private corporations and
when you make donations to to these
politicians they bribe the politicians
just keep using their machines and
that's the way our screwed up system
works absolutely and legal bribery right
and if you want to inspect the software
such as the scanning software good luck
it hasn't been ordered by any court in
this country because the software is
considered proprietary it's the the
special trade secrets owned by these
private corporations a more sensible
solution would be to move to open source
software
maybe someday blockchain technology used
for voting in Europe they've just banned
these voting machines it's paper ballots
counted by hand in public and reported
at the local precinct level right away
it's very labor-intensive but you know
if if this country can afford one and a
half trillion dollar tax cut perhaps we
could afford a few billion dollars to
run election to run an election with
integrity exactly there's no integrity
in these elections anymore well our
elections don't even meet the
International what is the minimum
requirements great to call ourselves
having a
a democratic election that's right
that's right why don't we say you know
what we should do he said Jimmy Carter's
in the United States maybe you can
monitor our election I understand the
Carter Center has actually said they
would not even try to monitor US
elections because our infrastructure is
such that they cannot verify the vote
and in international studies and
rankings the United States has been
coming in dead last among major
democracies for election integrity so
why do you think there isn't a bigger
scream about this I mean of course I
know why but I'm asking well like why do
you think the Democrats wouldn't scream
more about having especially after just
losing the Donald Trump and you know
they don't scream about the Electoral
College which 40% of the elections in
this century have gone to the loser
right presidential right that's not a
big deal is it could you imagine if
another country did that could you
imagine if Vladimir Putin ran an
election he got less votes in his
opponent and he still became the
president people would be like that's
such a corrupt country that's a banana
republic how could you do that can you
imagine if there was a election where
the vote was came down to the state
where the guy running for president his
brother was running the good state and
then they threw it to George Bush that's
exactly what happened
and can you imagine in a country where
the Supreme Court decides an election
and the people on that court were
appointed by the guy who's running his
father and they burned they turned logic
on its ear to give it I mean that this
is what's happening in our country and
it what and so why isn't Oprah doesn't
scream about it right Chris Hayes and
Rachel Maddow doesn't scream about it
Nancy Pelosi doesn't scream about it
nobody do you think Hillary Clinton
would be on a warpath to make sure she
got rid of the electoral college because
it just screwed her but no no one even
mentions it and no one mentions election
integrity and we know what you just said
that the Carter Center has said we all
know that we are doing a horrible job at
election integrity in the United States
we'll look at the great work I'm gonna
blink on his name of Greg Palast has
done that's right right about
cross-check I mean look at all the
people that were thrown off the ballots
just in Wisconsin alone because of voter
ID to hunt something something like
200,000 people but people still wag
their finger at Susan Sarandon and Jill
Stein I'm not amazing to me it is
credible well you know actually in New
York City the New York City Board of
Elections in October entered a civil
consent decree to settle two lawsuits
brought by the Justice Department the
state attorney general common cause and
a couple of other groups they admitted
in their consent decree that they had
purged two hundred thousand voters from
the their rolls in the days before their
presidential primary between Hillary and
and Bernie and they promised not to ever
do it again
okay Sneiderman who's the Attorney
General in New York no one's going to
jail that's well in court here Jimmy let
me tell you we posted up on our website
at Simcoe Nova com we have a petition
now we just launched it a few days ago
calling for the Justice Department the
state the New York State Attorney
General and the Department of Homeland
Security which supposedly is supposed to
be looking over the the election
infrastructure in this country now start
putting a criminal investigation
together you know economists like to
talk about moral hazard this is a moral
hazard when you allow folks to break the
law with impunity it means you're gonna
open the door for them to keep doing it
again and again these this is the most
sacred right in any democracy is the
right to vote and when two hundred
thousand folks can be thrown off the
rolls and I'll tell you our petition
just concentrates on the New York City
Board of Elections since since we
launched the petition I'm hearing from
people from Putnam County Westchester
County you name it all over the state of
New York saying it happened to me too
so you know and then of course I
remember stories of millions of Boerne
ballots that were provisional never got
counted got found found in rooms
remember that stuff so especially here
in California that's why right here in
California that weren't there called
provisional ballots so what that means
is if someone goes to vote and their
name's not for whatever reason isn't on
the roll which it should be which they
knock a lot of people off the rolls what
they want to they give you a provisional
ballot meaning that it will count it may
be right and although they guaranteed
they would all be counted
I'm gonna guess they did they worked so
well did good luck with this I mean this
is how do you how do you think it's
gonna turn out you have any of you know
you're a lawyer and what have you I'm
just I think the Broward County
Supervisor of Elections and the Broward
County tax parents
it's gonna have to pay our attorneys
fees and we're on the hook right now for
probably around a hundred thousand
dollars in attorneys fees now I got a
lot of flack for even bringing this
lawsuit to tell you the truth and that
says it all from from the neoliberal
corporate Democrats even from
progressive Democrats no kidding no I
don't mean progressive democrats of
america i mean the progressive
establishment the political consultants
whether it's in inside the beltway or in
the state of florida they've tried to
paint me as a sore loser for asking
questions and you know you'll get
painted as conspiracy theorists you know
asking questions asking questions asking
questions exactly all yuki cannot and
using journalists are not allowed to ask
questions there's certain subjects that
are off topic that's right so what does
that say about the first amendment and i
landed the free in the home of the brave
you know we should be asking the
toughest questions and I'll tell you
this campaign now is asking those
questions I regret that I did not
contest the election when it happened I
had officially lost by 13 percentage
points and I was told you lost by too
much for it to be credible to contest
the election well folks are telling me
at this point you can manipulate all
kinds of computer software there's all
kinds of ways you can rigged elections
and and I'm not here claiming the
election was rigged all I'm saying is
let's verify the vote and to find that
you can't even verify it now because the
paper ballots have been destroyed is
outlandish there should be a federal
criminal investigation someone should go
to jail for that absolutely
yeah and New York as well I always found
it strange that the complaints about
these the voter purge in New York it was
always Bernie Sanders voters that course
okay so does that mean that the purge
could have done been done in
coordination with party officials using
the van voter database to identify
likely Sanders supporters likely safe
quarters
yeah so you need a criminal
investigation to get at the root of it I
just don't understand what I read that
we thought we covered it on the show
about how hide Herman the Attorney
General in New York he just gets to
decide nobody's gonna be prosecuted and
we won't have a court hearing and we
reached a settlement right where nobody
who broke the law and kicked you off the
voting role and purpose illegally has to
pay any penalty that is just not that's
not democracy that's not so that's not
criminal justice that is a rigged system
once again once again it goes back
recall though it's like a Wall Street
consent decree after the financial
crisis the Eric Holder Justice
Department brought no criminal charges
against any Wall Street bankers for a
fraud that brought down the entire right
financial house of cards
and they and we all know they could have
and should have that's right you know I
think when it comes to voting it's sort
of like Santa Claus people are brought
up very early in life to believe in
these kind of myths and one of the myths
is that we have a fair voting system
this is a democracy and if you question
it you're kind of seen as a little of a
loose cannon or something at this point
I don't believe in Santa Claus and I
don't believe that we have free and fair
elections in this country anymore
oh no it's not trust but verify it's
like I don't even trust it and we do
need to verify it I
it's got I'm a law professor my students
can go online and they can verify their
grades a voter can't verify that their
vote was tabulated properly it's gotten
to the point where in Afghanistan where
they dip their thumbs in ink is more
verifiable than here yeah well best of
luck on that please keep us you know up
to date on what's happening yeah you're
running you're running again right 19:18
I am running again and you know it's
still an uphill struggle you know even
with all the grassroots support we have
we have a machine we have to worry about
whether the votes get counted properly
of course but we've got a lot of good
issues on our side and it's the same
David versus Goliath
we're not taking any corporate money no
PAC money no super PACs are supporting
me and want some insurances beefing up
her war chest I'll even with all the
scandals that are you know in in her
closet we'll see if they get out of the
closet or not but she's been building up
her war chest and you know we're going
back at her we want to finish this job
that we started so yeah I don't
understand how she is so unethical she
had to step down from the DNC chair
before the convention but an hour later
she was named as a co-chair of the
Hillary Clinton camp yes and then an
hour later she gets a promotion and no
price to pay even though her own
delegation boot her at the convention we
showed that video on here many times
she tried to speak and they all just
booter cuz she cheated her own people
that's what I have to remind people you
know when they kick 200,000 people off
the voting rolls illegally in New York
City or New York State that actually
wasn't your city it was in Brooklyn
that's right
120,000 in Brooklyn right 80,000 in the
