hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show we have a special guest today he's
an american mark scene economist well
known for his work on Marxian economics
he's an economic metha methodology we'll
gets a tough word for me to say and
class analysis he is a professor of
economic emeritus of economics emeritus
University of Massachusetts Amherst and
is currently a visiting professor in the
graduate program in international
affairs of the New York School
University in New York
and he's the author of democracy at work
there's the book a cure for capitalism I
bet you a lot of people didn't know
capitalism even needed medicine but here
he is to tell us all about it
it's a professor Richard Wolff is here
how are you thanks for making time for
our show oh it's my pleasure I'm really
glad to finally meet you and be doing
something together ok so now I I like to
say this on my show over and over and
it's good to have someone who can
explain it I say that what do you call a
system that takes the richest country
the face of the earth has ever seen and
renders half of its population poor or
low-income what do you I call that a
failed system so how did we get to this
point where we have the richest country
in the world where half the people are
poor low income well I couldn't agree
with you more it seems to me that a
society like ours has to face a colossal
failure in moving the world forward I
mean if you look just to give you an
example this last week a citizen of the
United States named Jeff Bezos had both
in his own personal name go over 100
billion dollars in other words you can
heat write a check for a hundred billion
dollars now let's take a look what that
means out of the 50 states in the United
States there are 14 states who in an
entire year all of their citizens
producing
and services don't add up to a hundred
billion dollars so this and by himself
as the economic clout bigger than 14 out
of the 50 states let me give you another
example Africa is a continent that has
54 countries out of the 54 countries
only four of them have an annual output
of goods and services more than a
hundred billion dollars mr. B's dose is
richer than 50 out of the 54 countries
in Africa I mean you'd have to go back
to ancient Egypt and the Pharaoh to get
this kind of obscene wealth concentrated
at the hands of a tiny number of people
while as you put it correctly half of
the this country can't really get kids
through college without enormous debts
have trouble meeting their expenses in
other words we haven't made progress in
this country we've gone backwards to the
kinds of society we thought we had left
behind and I think it's it's a very
important part of our history and of our
economic system to face up to that so
when we got in these kind of pickles
before the a layman like me remembers
that Teddy Roosevelt came along and
broke up the big monopolies and then a
couple decades later FDR came along and
he fixed that income inequality didn't
fix it but he helped I don't know make
it work better the economy for everybody
so he gave he gave old people a pension
so they didn't have to die penniless
right and he's Social Security he gave
people he gave the jobless he gave them
work so they had dignity so why we don't
do that anymore in America Barack Obama
never had a jobs program there was never
a grand idea it was all this incremental
ISM so why do you what do you think
happened to our political system that we
no longer can do big things like the
Roosevelts did
well let me give you the answer that I
would give in two parts first why we
have this problem and then why the
Roosevelts for example were able to push
against it there's a there was a famous
french economist named thomas piketty's
wrote a famous book two or three years
ago I think it was 2014 yeah and it was
called capital in the 21st century and
basically mr. pick any professor Piketty
who by the way does all of his work
together with an American economics
professor named Emmanuel Saez at UC
Berkeley the two of them together
Paquette e it syas who by the way
maintained a website that is free and
available to anybody who wants to see
really the best statistics on the in
distribution of wealth and income that
you could get anywhere in the world just
a pretentious book looks at the history
of capitalism for the last 300 years and
here's what he shows takes him 600 pages
but I'm going to give it to you in 60
seconds here it is
where ever capitalism has settled in it
has shown itself to be a system which if
you leave it alone over time divides the
society where it exists into a very
small number of people who have enormous
wealth and a vast number of people who
can barely get by in other words the
notion of the 1% is the way capitalism
works he looked at it in every continent
and he looked at it across the last
three centuries and wherever he looked
it's what he found his second point goes
to your question about Rosabelle he said
the only time the widening inequality is
stopped or at least for a while stopped
or sometimes has been reversed is when
people rise up and say they will not
tolerate it look in the 1930s you're
absolutely right Frank
Roosevelt changed the distribution of
wealth and income here's how he did it
he was confronted by the biggest
unionization drive in American district
in the middle of the Great Depression
the afl-cio alien was the CIO then
organized millions of American workers
into unions these were people who had
never been in the Union before their
parents hadn't been in each region they
just figured that they could get through
the Great Depression of the 1930s better
in the Union than not they went to mr.
Roosevelt these unions and the millions
of members that they got and they said
to mr. Roosevelt look you've got to do
something for us because if you don't
we're not gonna vote for you and you
won't be President really long and there
may be a revolution in America because
the vast majority of people have had it
they won't take it anymore and mr.
Roosevelt a smart politician knew they
weren't bluffing
knew that he was taking a chance if he
ignored them so he went back to the
people he came from you know the
Roosevelt's were not your corner poor
people they were very rich
well-connected people and they went back
to the rich and the corporation's and he
told them that the meeting he had with
these unions and with socialists and
communists and others that were working
with the unions he told the
corporation's he knew that they weren't
kidding and he basically said to them
you have to give me the money to take
care of the American people because if
you don't you won't have any money to
give anybody and he got about half
enough to go with it the other half the
people whose descendants we now know as
the Koch brothers the other half never
bought this argument but half of them
did and so mr. Roosevelt under pressure
from the you
and the Socialists and the Communists
and the angry American people what did
he do
it's really amazing what he did and it's
also saying how little Americans know
their own history let me review 1934 he
goes on the radio there was no TV there
and he says ok we are going to institute
a Social Security system we never had
that in America we're gonna give every
citizen 65 years of age or older enough
money of check every month so that they
can live in dignity that they don't have
to borrow or beg from their relatives or
from the local community that's what
we're gonna do by the way he offered
this cost billions of dollars at a time
when the government had no money because
we had the Great Depression the
government wasn't getting any taxes but
before even people could digest what he
had just done he did this second thing
he said I want people to have
unemployment insurance
I want them if they lose their job to
have a check from the government every
week for a year or two to get them back
on their feet to take care of them this
was at a time when tens of millions of
Americans were employed that cost
buildings have gone and then the third
the big one he said you know millions of
Americans right now just want a job and
if the private sector of our capitalist
economy is either unwilling or unable to
give them a job then I'm gonna do it as
president so he created a federal jobs
program between 1934 1941 he gave work
250 million American citizens those
people didn't default on their mortgages
those people didn't feel bad about
themselves those people could take care
of their families well you might ask and
you know where did he get the money
because the government wasn't taking it
any taxes there was a dipper
economy he got the money by going to the
rich in America the corporations and the
top 1% and he raised their taxes big
time
that's where he got the money so when
you hear today politicians and
unfortunately you hear it from Democrats
as well as Republicans that they
couldn't possibly tax corporations and
the rich I'm here to remind them of the
history they've conveniently forgotten
we've done that we've been there
Roosevelt got that money so guess what
and I love this part the past the
president who was forced from below to
tax the rich and use the money to give
average American Social Security
unemployment insurance and a government
job that President was reelected three
times he's the most popular president in
the history of the United States so a
politician who tells you he can't do it
or she can't do it that's not true the
answer is if the American people want to
have a less unequal Society they're
gonna have to rise up and force it
because the people who run this society
never have and never will do it out of
the kindness of their hearts so now what
you're telling me is that Roosevelt
raise taxes on the wealthy and use that
money to provide jobs for the unemployed
and people who wanted jobs now obviously
you're wrong about that because Arthur
Laffer proved to us that cutting taxes
is what creates jobs isn't that right
yes the only problem with mr. lappers
lovely story is what when you cut the
taxes it can go either way you know in
economics mr. laugher would get a
divorce and it's really it's really
simple to explain why when you cut taxes
on a corporation all that you're doing
is leaving more money in the hands of
that corporation the board of directors
of the corporation is free to do
whatever it wants with the money it
doesn't have to pay in taxes so for
example it can use that money to pay
skyrise salaries to the CEO the CFO and
so forth which is what they've done in
the last 30 days and 30 years or the
Board of Directors can pay out more in
dividends to the shareholders which is
what they've also done or they can
invest in China or India or Brazil with
that money if they do any of those three
things and they thought of all those
will not produce jobs for Americans so
the notion that cutting taxes from
corporations produces jobs is an
irrational illogical it belief game it's
exactly by the way the game being played
by President Trump and then Republicans
right now in Congress they're justifying
the tax cuts for corporations in the
rich which they're about to pass try to
pay us on the grounds that it will
provide lots of jobs to people who will
then be able to pay taxes and therefore
it will pay for itself this is fantasy
land this is make-believe there's
nothing the government is doing to make
that happen there is no guarantee
whatsoever and there's lots of reasons
to believe based on the last 30 years of
behavior the corporation's will take
money they save in taxes and use it for
lots of other things our job
you
