everybody welcome to jimmy dore show we
had a full house today we have special
guests with us Dave Ryan it's a
hilarious comedian Dave violence is here
along with the miserable liberal and
romp lacont how y'all doing hey Jimmy
hee ha all right look Rock everybody's
enjoying Ron's new haircut um the
banking I would never cut my hair that
short because I'm losing my hair and I
want to hang on to as much as I can so
guess what
turns out the bankers still control
everybody everything and everybody and
it didn't used to always be this way you
know banking used to be a boring
profession like it's supposed to be from
like 1945 to I don't know the mid 70s or
so there's no bank failures there's no
nothing it was very bacana me was very
boring no big crashes and then of course
you know what happened when they
repealed when they deregulated Wall
Street and repealed glass-steagall and
so we're still living in that there's
been a recovery for the 1% the banks but
not the people okay so you know well you
know that because you are the people so
Vox has this article the banking
industry is spending big on red state
Democrats in 2018 in 2016 the banks gave
most of marco rubio and pat toomey
this year it's Jon Tester and Heidi
Heitkamp so this again this is falling
under the problem of we're gonna reform
the Democratic Party this is we're gonna
reform the Democratic Party except we
need some some people who are completely
bought and paid for so we could have a
majority which doesn't help and then you
got guys like that you get people like
Jon Tester and Heidi Heitkamp going
along with the Republican legislation
well the Democrats all went to just what
just went along with the military budget
they all just went along it's just
horrible but anyway let's get into this
article a little bit and then I'll throw
it to my panel Democratic senators Jon
Tester of Montana and Heidi Heitkamp of
North Dakota Joe Donnelly of Indiana and
Claire McCaskill of Missouri have been
in a have been have seen a boost in
support from the commercial banking
sector as the 2018
midterms approach they're collectively
brought it they've collectively brought
in more than $800,000 in donation this
election cycle and along with Republican
senator Dean Heller from Montana are the
top recipients of commercial banking
money usually that's Chucky the Shoom
and it's not just money that they're
getting banks are supporting them in
other ways the credit union National
Association a credit union lobbying
group is weighing digital ads and direct
mailing efforts to support them and the
American Bankers Association banking
trade group is running ads for tester in
Montana precisely why the bank accept
and this is when Vox gets cute this is
what I love what's this box says
precisely why the banks have taken such
an interest in this group of senators is
not entirely clear I think it's because
they like job testers haircut that's
what it is
however they are among the same senators
who voted for and helped craft a banking
deregulation bill earlier this year now
they knew that was funny when they wrote
that they do we don't really know oh by
the way those guys were the D regulators
up
co-inky-dink a little bit more to this
the economic growth regulatory relief
and consumer protections Act is the
biggest rewrite of the dodd-frank
financial reform since that legislation
was signed in 2010 so that's the
economic growth so remember we told you
that a bunch of Senate Democrats with
the blessing of Chuck Schumer joined the
Republicans in deregulating Wall Street
again so that was the bill and Trey
Hawkins the deputy chief advocacy
officer for political action at CU na
told me that the group also intends to
pay for digital ads and direct mail
campaigns targeted at credit union
members to educate them on the issues
for certain candidates including likely
some of the red state Democrats
mentioned so not only do they give money
to these people but then they do think
for them like this like Oh we'll just
we're gonna fund a mailer from the from
the bankers and telling everybody what a
good job John testers doing all of our
research shows that it's very impactful
and helping convert supporters for the
candidate they're talking about the
Direct Mail stuff
Americans for Prosperity a group funded
by billionaire GOP donors David Koch and
Charles Koch ran an ad after the bill
was passed
thanking hike camp for her votes you're
a Democrat and the Koch brothers just
ran an who a commercial thanking you the
American Bankers Association is running
ad supporting tester in Montana it's
bank PAC has donated the maximum ten
grand to multiple vulnerable Democrats
including Donnelly Chester McCaskill and
Joe Manchin in order for Democrats to
win an election in a state that Trump
won by 20 points Democrats must win a
certain share of Trump voters Klein said
a weigh-in could be a mailer from the
community banking association or a small
bank vouching for a senator in a
commercial so you see what they're doing
hey you played ball with us we'll tell
some Trump voters that you're a good
right winger one of the biggest changes
the banking bill this year made oh so so
that bill that John tester first of all
ironies surprised by this at all is any
of this surprise any of you no no okay
goodness me neither
right it's just like okay in Montana
they're betting on both sides it's clear
it's just so blatant
yeah yeah it is blatant yeah they don't
bother to hide it anymore I mean they're
thanking her it's not they're not
sending a card
there's no they didn't television that's
that's what I'm thinking to say well
this is what Chris had yes it goes right
back to what Chris Hedges says this is
right they're doing it right interview
for FCC to see there eventually is gonna
be an open letter thank you that was
great
yes Chris Hedges makes the point that
they're there now they're so brazen
the neoliberals the the plutocrats that
they steal right out in the open well
goes right back to Obama not prosecuting
anybody during the financial crisis that
was not one person that one person had a
chance to prosecute Gingin and she
wasn't able to wasn't able to sick that
day I'm sure she was so let me just let
me just tell you what that Bank
so they deregulated the dodd-frank and
here's what they did with the help of
Heitkamp McCaskill and Manchin and
tester one of the biggest changes the
banking bill this year made lifting the
threshold for certain regulatory
scrutiny to banks of two hundred and
fifty billion in assets instead of fifty
billion in assets it isn't exactly aimed
at tiny rural credit unions so what this
did was there was all these regulations
on big banks aka protections so there
was all these protections making sure
that the banks wouldn't f up again and
then screw everybody and then we'd have
to bail them out so these protections or
restrictions on how they could tre how
they could invest and what they could do
with their money these restrictions
applied to any bank that was worth more
than fifty billion dollars so this new
legislation said we're gonna lift that
all the way up to two hundred and fifty
billion dollars so if you're a bank so
this was under the guise of we're
helping small community banks although
two hundred and fifty billion dollars
that that means that every bank in the
country will not be regulated except for
eleven banks every other bank won't have
to be follow those regulations
that's what tester voted for him had
camp McCaskill and Manchin and so they
basically got rid of all the regulations
except for the top eleven banks every
other bank in the in the country entire
country has a balance of two hundred and
fifty billion or less so they basically
just got rid of the regulations again
and so now they're rewarding them and
they did it under the guise of we're
helping small to mid level banks but you
could see they're not two hundred and
fifty billion dollar
puts you at the twelfth largest bank in
the country so that's what they're
talking about the idea that there's the
big so we'll skip that so here's here's
what elizabeth warren said about the the
banking regulations that they disrepute
here's what she said it was like the
awkward things get better and economies
looking good and the lobbyists flood
Congress to say deregulate turn these
guys loose and then like clockwork the
risk starts to build up things explode
and who's left holding the bag the
American ten the American taxpayer is
left holding the bag so here I want to
see a commercial the commercial that
they're running here's one of the banks
that are running a commercial for him
he's like I run a community bank in the
Flathead Valley in the heart of Billings
and harden in Jordan the best stop on
Highway 200 year in Montana local banks
build local communities growing small
businesses from scratch backing ranchers
farmers and families that's why senator
tester put politics aside and voted to
cut the red tape ending the needless
regulations and bureaucracy that were
hurting Montana banks that's leadership
that's courage that's Jon Tester
American Bankers Association is
responsible for the content of this
advertising so the bankers are putting
out a commercial thanking Jon Tester I
gotta tell you Jimmy anytime I see a
banker endorse somebody I think they've
got my vote
they've got my vote they're on the side
of the would look for moral guidance
from a banker that's what I'm saying why
why are they stopping it just these
things for you know you see all these
voter guides from different groups like
the Democrats socialists for America or
the Green Party and every time that
happens I'm just like what's Wells Fargo
thinking I'm so bummed out right now so
there you there you have it that's the
problem and to me the bigger problem is
okay this is this is what happens when
you have two parties so now you have to
have guys like John tester in your party
who's firmly in the pocket of the bank's
just deregulated Wall Street again
there's gonna be another crash this is
horrible and it's the same
failed Democratic platform let's go get
Republican vote yes yes yes let's not
fire up people that care let's try to
get you know it was right in the dot in
the Vox article about we're gonna mean
to change Trump voters mind yes no you
need to get people that didn't vote to
get off their ass and have an
inspirational message Dave that is such
a great point you are correct half the
country didn't vote in the 2016 election
how about you give them so and so how oh
so so they go we have to go after Trump
voters so we have to do this bank stuff
you think Trump voters want banks
 deregulated is do you think the
Trump voters want the banks to be bailed
out again no they were against the first
tarp but they like the word regulation
right
rolling back irregular I am gonna be
free oh yeah ain't can me over I'll
be freer
so here's do you want to go after Trump
voters Jon Tester maybe you promise them
something that Democrats also agree with
like I don't know Medicare for all
because that's now damaged the majority
of Republicans agree with Medicare for
all
maybe you promised to end the wars and
invest that money back here because the
right and the left also agree Trump
voters also agree with that a lot of
Trump voters said they voted for him
because he said he was gonna be a
non-interventionist so maybe maybe
that's how you get them no how about you
promised to get rid of all those bad
trade deals and you give you be against
TPP and you'll be against NAFTA or
you'll try to repeal it how about that's
another way to get Trump voters why do
you so they're pretending this is what
we got to do this horrible stuff no
there's lots of okay stuff you can do
that excites people to come out to vote
for you exactly what Dave said why don't
you have a platform or a program or some
ideas that actually excite people that
get voters excited instead of a
commercial where you're sucking off all
the bankers Jesus this is in the midst
that what is it Jimmy is it 60% of
Americans right now are 500 dollars away
from catastrophe 60 53% of Americans
can't afford $1,000 emergency 76 percent
of all Americans live paycheck to
paycheck 29 million Americans still
don't have hell
CAIR the biggest cause of bankruptcies
is health it's health related needs and
most of the people go bankrupt have
health insurance 50% of all wage earners
are in less than $30,000 in America this
is the country the richest country in
the world and this is the system that
the bankers set up and Jon Tester is
proud to help him screw you even harder
and you know a progressive platform
getting back to you word saying how
about having a platform that actually
inspires fat people a progressive
platform appeals to a lot of young
people and you know a state that's
actually full of a bunch of college
towns and not a whole lot else Montana
yeah yeah how about you promised them
free college how about you prob about
son
how about you turn banks back into
utilities like you were talking about
that they were boring because they were
run like utilities right and it was a
slow process they made a small margin
which was enough money because they were
handling so much cash and everybody was
cool everybody understood the bankers
were gonna make more money than
everybody else but they weren't leading
every bright and then with with the
advent of credit cards and that's the
other thing that happened in the 70s the
credit cards came out and so through the
the recessions of the 70s and the the
Reagan boom as they call it a lot of
that was funded because people suddenly
had the ability to borrow money so in
spite the fact that wages were fought
were falling your spending was the same
because you could just borrow the dough
right and that's that's what's happened
you know we made it quantitative easy
and they put all the money in the system
they pumped the economy up but people's
wages haven't gone up but their debt
continues to go that is that that is
correct there's there's a trillion
dollars of student loan debt yeah
there's a trillion dollars in credit
card debt yeah there's a lot of debt in
this country that that is correct and
you know when it crashes again we'll
just bail out the banks again and we'll
kick some people out of their houses and
give those houses back to the banks and
then they can resell them and they'll be
twice as rich as they are because this
recovery did not help anybody except the
1% this is not this is not this recovery
is not happening and I just like to know
what is exactly the litmus test for
showing that you're a Democrat well this
is what I that's a great question a blue
shirt any blue just won't do is that
what we're saying here any blue just
won't do what that come on this is awful
well I know we saw
I saw Nina Turner I saw Kazuya Cortez
say any blue just won't do and then a
kasnia went ahead and said we got to
make sure Andrew Cuomo wins if that
isn't any blue will do I don't know and
that's what this is - well did so I
discovered Cuomo or she said the
governor governor I'm hoping that people
like Andrea Acacio Alexandria Acacio
courts as will be the antidote to guys
like Jon Tester that's what I'm hoping
will stand up to those people and call
them out and that's the problem with
having a two-party system you all have
to be on the same side so you're on the
side with a guy who's actively working
against people you see Andrew Gilliam
out there tweeting out a video with cory
booker enemy
corporate tool extraordinaire in bed
with Betsy DeVos so this is the this is
the problem and you know as much there's
nobody who wants a progressive takeover
of our government more than me and if it
was happening I would certainly be
cheering it on it is not happening this
is this is your future
this is this is if you Nancy Pelosi has
already said she's gonna do pay-go
even if the Democrats take over the
Congress again she's doing pay-go
which means no progressive legislation
so there you go see that ad with one
banker after another tester endorse him
and just think well who in Montana does
that appeal to I know I know so they're
trying to make it out like it's all the
small bankers the small itty bitty
bankers are the ones who really love him
again that the legislation that he he
helped pass was for banks two hundred
and fifty billion dollars in assets and
law and less so that's every bank in the
country except for eleven of them
literally
except for eleven so it's not just about
small community banks it's amazing and
this is the denture did Chuck Schumer
call him out for this no Chuck Schumer's
the leader in the Senate he he said okay
go ahead
he said it's cool he said it's so cool
for all those people who do that
he said it's cool he just fast-tracked
Trump's judges Goodluck progressives
trying to take over the Democratic Party
my heart is with you my head is wishing
you would do something else please make
sure you're subscribed even if you think
you are subscribed there's a good chance
you're not so please check it only takes
a second and then click that bell and
that's how you know you'll get it notice
every time we drop a video they still
won't notify you every time we drop a
video but that's the best we can do plus
if you like the show you want to support
it please become a patron we give you
hours of bonus material every week and
come see a live show go to jimmy dore
commie calm for our live schedule
[Music]
