hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show our next live jimmy dore show
October 12th in Burbank California
special guest Abby Martin I'm here with
Ron oh and Ron where are you
going hi Jimmy I'm going around November
2nd I'm in Sacramento November 3rd San
Francisco November 17th Santa Barbara
and November 23rd I'll be in Pittsburgh
Pennsylvania tickets available at Ron
pecan calm so CNN you know is horrible
right you know CNN where it stands for
one of those ends actually stands for
news other one stands for not correct
they launched this story rub wow they
were really excited about it you want to
see the story here it is news we want to
welcome our viewers in the United States
and around the world this is new day it
is Friday July 27 6 o'clock here in New
York and we do begin with breaking news
for those of you who have not paid much
attention to the Russia investigation
today would be a good day to start doing
so indeed indeed
wait sources tell CNN that president
Trump's longtime former personal
attorney Michael Cohen has begun
spilling the beans one of the bombshells
he reportedly wants the public to know
is that then candidate Donald Trump knew
in advance and approved of that June
2016
Trump Tower meeting in which Russians
promised dirt on Hillary Clinton and
these sources say Cohen is prepared to
make that claim to special counsel
robert muller if if this is true it
means the president lied about it
publicly it means that Donald Trump jr.
lied about it under oath and it means
the current president of the United
States had knowledge of and approved of
accepting Russian help during the
campaign by CNN's count President Trump
and his team have denied he had
contemporaneous knowledge of the Trump
Tower meeting on more than 15 occasions
now to be clear there are sick so
they're really hyping this story today
would be a good day yeah I smell little
desperation right out the gate they're
like if you've been ignoring what we've
been pumping for two years non-stop
now's the time to change yeah now you
okay it's a end of August 2018 will be
the time to tune in I know we've been
doing this since 2016 but don't worry
forget it
now's the time so here's another here's
the reporter that broke that story for
them and he's on with Chris Cuomo well
Chris tonight sources with knowledge
tell myself and Karl that Michael Cohen
claims that then candidate Donald Trump
knew in advance about the June 2016
meeting in Trump Tower in which Russians
were expected to offer his campaign dirt
on Hillary Clinton crucially these
sources tell us that Cohen is willing to
make that assertion to the special
counsel robert muller i should say that
contacted by CNN one of Cohen's
attorneys that is Lanny Davis he
declined to comment and of course Chris
I know yours okay so that's a lie
so when he said first of all when he
said that we have sources turns out
there's only one source well anyway so
he said that right so Cohen we our
sources say Cohen's gonna say that Trump
had prior knowledge of the meeting in
Trump Tower which he's said he hasn't
for two years our sources the source
that so then Washington Post The New
York Times saw that story and they
confirmed this reporting and who who
they confirmed it with was Lanny Davis
who was Cohen's lawyer then this
happened you said the Michael Cohen was
present for a meeting with M Kennedy
Trump and his son Don jr. about the
Trump Tower meeting this is obviously an
incredibly important issue you've also
said that Michael Cohen testified
truthfully to the Senate Intelligence
Committee and according to the chair in
the vice chair of the committee he told
them that he had no knowledge of the
meeting until he saw it in the press how
can both those things be true either
he knew the meaning or he didn't know
about that meaning well I think the
reporting of this story got mixed up and
in the course of a criminal
investigation we were not the source so
there he is saying we were not the
source there he is
so Washington Post and New York Times go
oh my god he was our source
he was our source that we that confirmed
this story that CNN reported and so then
they retracted their story
right so after he BuzzFeed broke the
story that he'd know he was saying no so
CNN so then Washington Post New York
Times they would track CNN still hasn't
CNN still going with this bogus story
even though their source and they won't
even admit well here here's the Harris
Harris Glenn Greenwald talking about it
it's I find it to be and obviously this
is a high bar one of the most
humiliating and scandalous moments and
the entire media behavior but first of
all I just like hearing that but let me
just say one more thing for clarity when
this guy here when this guy here said
when they go home and Davis didn't we
didn't give us comment well that's a lie
because he was their source so that
that's that's what that lie was and then
he comes on and so then he comes on with
Anderson Cooper and says I was not your
frickin source and here's what Glenn
Greenwald says about all of this it's I
find it to be obviously this is a high
bar one of the most humiliating and
scandalous moments and the entire media
behavior of the Trump Russia saga you
know I've been on your show to talk
about a lot of these humiliating moments
and this might be one of the worst ones
yet keep in mind that in addition to all
the facts that you just said what's so
crucial about this is that after landing
Davis went on CNN with Anderson Cooper
into Anderson Cooper's shock admitted
that everything CNN had but not
breathlessly hyping is true was actually
false namely that Michael Cohen was
there when Trump learned about the Trump
Tower meeting in advance the Washington
Post in the New York Post listened to
that and they said wait a minute
we independently confirm CNN's stories
based on an anonymous source and our
anonymous source was Lanny Davis who's
now saying the whole thing is false but
they had to do and what they what they
should have done which is they retracted
the story they outed their own source
they said our anonymous sources Lanny
Davis and we now retract it because he
says it's fault
CNN couldn't do that because they lied
to the entire world they said as
you just played that they tried to get a
hold of lanny davis and he refused to
comment when in fact of course Lenny
Davis was also their source and they
don't want to admit that they lied to
the world so they're they can't retract
the story and they can't admit they lied
so they're just continuing to stick to
what everybody knows of the lie but not
many people care because people think a
lot of people anyway that it was done
for the right political agenda so this
is from Glenn's article about this he
says only one of two things can be true
here and either is extremely significant
one
CNN deliberately lied to its audience
about Davis refusing to comment on the
story when in fact Davis was one of the
anonymous sources on which CNN report
depended and CNN claimed Davis refused
to comment in order to hide Davis's
identity as one of their anonymous
sources that's what it looks like what
happened or to Davis is lying now to
BuzzFeed when he confessed to having
been one of CNN's sources for the story
so he confessed to BuzzFeed he was the
source and then he reversed that no I
never that's I can't confirm that
Cohen's gonna say that that's not true
so the whole story falls apart except
CNN sticking by it and so Glenn also
makes this point and he's made it before
which is an awesome point cuz people go
well you know news people they they
breaking news they have sources that
recant and they get stories wrong all
the time but they correct right well
even though CNN's not correcting but but
but they actually have fired some people
over getting the Russia stories wrong
they have last year oh well you know
what
yeah or it let some people go but what
Glen points out is that if it was just
honest mistakes by the news media then
you would you would imagine that half
the mistakes would be one way and half
the mistakes would be the other way or
so close to that mm-hmm
every time there's a mistake in this
Russia story and Trump collusion it's
always the same
way it's always a mistake that aids the
establishment narrative and his
antitrump
that's that's what he's well he points
it out so here they are
Russia here's one of them Russia hacked
into the United States electrical grid
to deprive Americans of heat during the
winter that was a story published by The
Washington Post totally bogus an
anonymous group proper not documented
how major US political sites are Kremlin
agents that was in The Washington Post
democracy dying in darkness oh four -
yep
WikiLeaks has long documented
relationship with Putin garden print
Guardian print and death that's not true
a secret server between Trump and Russia
Bank has been discovered that was in
Slate also below our tea hacks c-span
and caused disruption of its broadcast I
wasn't that's my first time hearing
about that one asked me - we have a
mission we need to hijack station nobody
watches wine we wanted to do it I just
won nobody well there are 13 people
they're going to be very upset we're
going to sow discord so there's another
one Russia hacked into a Ukrainian
artillery app that was CrowdStrike we've
talked about that BS story before
because CrowdStrike is to say that that
was totally debunked they totally made
stuff up CrowdStrike did it and there's
they're the ones that the DNC and the
FBI relied on this to do the search of
the server the DEA's corrupt company
called CrowdStrike who's been caught
lying before another one Russians
attempted to hack election system in 21
states multiple news outlets echoing
homeland security cut not true
links have been found between Trump Ally
Anthony scaramouche II and Russian
investment fund under investigation also
so they're always wrong in the same way
remember I remember that story last year
that or was it this year that they had
the dates wrong on the emails that
proved collusion and they all every news
organization got it wrong the email came
after it was just it just keeps
happening so the story here is that CNN
will not
correct at the very least unknown error
but they did lie so that's why they
can't correct it that's what Glenn
Greenwald is saying because that guy who
went out and said oh no he didn't
comment that was one of their sources or
their tyre or their source so that's a
lie when they said he didn't comment so
here's a Glenn Greenwald tweeted this
out he goes the newsletter from CNN's
media reporters pretends to address the
scandal surrounding its blockbuster
Cohen debacle but it entirely ignores
like the network itself the key problem
their reporters outright lied when they
said Lanny Davis their source refused to
comment and here's here's that here's
what they're saying and I'll read you
the part it says over the past week
Cohen lawyer Lanny Davis has publicly
said he was one of the sources who
confirmed the news to CNN and other
media organizations Davis now says he
cannot confirm the news Davis walk-back
has prompted critics a good chunk of
whom belonged to the right-wing media
universe to unleash a torrent of
criticism on CNN Trump allies have also
fanned the flames throughout the day
Donald Trump jr. and others tweeted
about the issue Glenn says this CNN
strategy here is obvious as it is lame
pretend it's just a scandal among the
right that's one not true and two an
indictment of non conservative
journalists if it were true it's a huge
deal that CNN outright lied about a key
issue on its biggest story and won't
address it so now you know why people
get their news from YouTube this is
every week now we can report a story
where CNN is little caught lying like
Jake Tapper got caught lying and they
won't correct it Jake Tapper literally
called what he did a fact check and so
they won't correct it Ron we called a
guy no you know I wanted to make a small
side note I like how Glenn pointed all
this out on Fox News - there's a famous
quote and I forget who said it but they
said that when politicians argue about
why the other one is not fit to lead
that's the only time they're actually
telling you
uh-huh and I think it's like cable news
outlet only does well when they're
pointing out how shitty one of the other
ones is today Fox News pointed out that
CNN shitty tomorrow CNN will point out
how does NBC shitty and well you don't
write that time well it's funny because
of Glenn Greenwald Glenn Greenwald gets
invited on Fox when they want to
criticize CNN and he gets invited I'd
see it there when they want to criticize
box yep that's very interesting isn't it
it's yeah so again another black eye for
the mainstream media and now when Trump
says fake news now it lands and now you
know why it lands with people because
they've we're everywhere this is two
weeks in a row caught blatantly lying
and not owning up to it this is two
weeks in a row and that Jake Tapper one
was just a you know a head scratcher of
a head square well it's just not a head
scratcher it's a head scratcher how he
could do with a straight face but thirty
grand a day buys a lot of straight faces
right I can do I could do that for 30
grand a day I could tell people Medicare
for all actually cost more that's what
Jake Tapper did he till she's it's
really expensive yeah
CN n way to be so awful you prove Trump
right dupe dad says that's how awful you
are this is what's happening around
that's this is exactly what's happening
but I'm sure I'm but the deep this is
the news organization that's slandered
us or smeared us this is that that
they're the ones are going to tell you
what so if it's an apple it's an apple
not a banana their dislikes and they're
bad at it they do horrible news anyway
and you know therefore every war they're
lying to you that Medicare doesn't save
money they're lying do I do about one of
the biggest issues in the world they
never cover climate change why cuz
they're sponsored by fossil fuel
companies they haven't found a guy to
call yet once they find someone to call
hey is there an app that covers climate
change maybe we can outsource dialog we
hooked up with factcheck.org is there
like climate check org we could have
them do our work for us cuz I don't know
how to do climate change stories Wow
two years later here we are okay that
was fantastic that was gonna be it this
every isn't it something every it's like
every week here it is it we got them oh
ah and now you know why people get their
news from YouTube thanks for watching
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are you're probably not
it only takes a second to check and then
you have to ring that Bell so they send
you a notification when we drop a new
video otherwise they won't tell you when
we drop new videos and if you like our
show please help support it become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week and we give a
livestream we do a live stream every
Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time when
you could ask us questions and we answer
them back thanks for your support
[Music]
