everybody walking with a jimmy dore show
im here with steps a Murano and Rob the
cone hey Timmy whoa whoa hey so the big
headlines last couple days I've been
about how Michael Cohen and Paul
Manafort have been found guilty well
here's the one odd Cohen
so that's Trump's own lawyer he's
pleaded guilty to felonies and it Cohen
pleaded guilty to two counts of making
contributions and excesses of $25,000
for the purpose of influence in a
federal election Trump's former lawyer
told a federal court on Tuesday that he
made two payments one for a hundred and
fifty thousand dollars in the summer of
2016 and another in October 2016 of a
hundred and thirty thousand dollars both
at the direction of Trump the payments
were to former Playboy model Karen
McDougal and adult film actress stormy
Daniels both of whom have claimed to
have had affairs with Trump
the president has denied those
allegations okay so that's a lot of
people are saying that's a big deal
because Cohen has directly implicated
Trump in open court and he said that
right so he's implicated that Trump
directed him to use campaign money to
pay these people off that's a big deal
that rises to to the level of a criminal
act not just a civil Act okay so the
problem with this is you can't indict or
charge a sitting president with a crime
and that you have to impeach him first
Trump will never be impeached so just
get that out of your head that's not
happening I mean maybe if they found
some collusion like if he was you know
if there was evidence of him colluding
actually and being a Manchurian
Candidate and working against our own
our own country to help Russia at the
expense of the United States maybe maybe
but we're gonna get to that because the
point of this video is that so here's
the other one
so there's a metaphor convicted of eight
and eight counts mistrial declared out
of ten others so if you look at this sub
headline so this is people see the
headlines right
Cohen pleads guilty mana for convicted
on eight counts and then the sub
headline is the trial was the first
public test of special counsel Robert
Moeller's investigation into possible
Russian meddling whoa so let's well if
this was the first show they got
convicted on eight counts and this was
the first trial with the first public
tests of Robert Muller's investigation
the possible Russian meddling well
sounds pretty successful everyone's
saying that molars this is really
validating him well in fact it says it
in the article it says he was convicted
on five counts of tax fraud one count of
failure to file a report on foreign bank
and financial accounts and two counts of
bank fraud a mistrial was declared in
three counts of failing to file reports
on foreign bank and financial accounts
and seven counts of bank fraud and bank
fraud conspiracy so this is what they
got him on tax fraud and bank fraud now
I don't know if you watch this show or
regular viewer to the show but what
we've been saying since day one of this
investigation is that yes of course
Donald Trump and his minions are corrupt
just like most people in DC and Wall
Street they're corrupt and if you put a
special prosecutor on them you're gonna
find normal corruption but I don't
understand how this validates the first
public test
of Muller's investigation into Russian
meddling because none of this is
about Russian meddling none of it this
is about bank fraud and tax fraud that
happened before this guy ever worked for
Trump how could that be the sub-headline
this is the first public chest of Robert
Moses this is exactly what we said yes
and if you put a special prosecutor on
anybody in Washington DC they're going
to find crimes I remember I'm old enough
to remember a special prosecutor being
assigned to Bill Clinton to go
investigate a land deal fast forward a
bunch of years and we're talking about
did he get a or not in the Oval
Office that's the same thing here we're
supposed to be investigated in rushing
Marsh and meddling we got a guy paying
off a hooker we got a guy we got a guy
committing tax fraud there's already an
IRS there's already an IRS why did the
IRS get him on tax fraud there's already
an SCC and a well whoever else in does
the bank
there's over it why didn't why didn't
they go out at the FBI go after him for
bank fraud or whoever investigates bank
fraud that we already have agencies that
invested are supposed to investigate
this stuff why did we need a special
prosecutor to investigate tax
fraud we don't that's why we don't and
that's why they got rid of the special
prosecutor because everybody in
Washington DC realize that this is what
happens then and if you could put a
special prosecutor on you they're going
to find a crime
prosecutors built a case that man afford
four years hid millions from US tax
authorities in overseas account spending
the money to maintain a lavish lifestyle
and lying to banks to generate more cast
debt yeah yeah that's what we've said
they're probably all guilty of that
stuff the trial was the first public
test there Emeritus the trial was the
first public test of Special Counsel
Robert Moses investigation and while the
special counsel was vindicated what the
Special Counsel was vindicated none of
this has to do with anything to do with
the Russian meddling nothing this is
exactly what we said they find this is
exactly what they're finding
I'm just mind-blowing vindicated not one
of those things will go on the charges
at issue in the trial which began July
31st weren't directly related to Russian
interference or at all or at all I don't
know right as this is this stuff is this
mind blowing no I mean I've seen
articles very similar to this and we've
gone through articles very similar to
this in the show and you know in grad
school sometimes you're taught speed
reading techniques where you kind of
read like the first page and then do the
first sentence of each paragraph like
that's a typical technique when it comes
to these types of articles a technique I
like to use I usually go to about
paragraph six or so was it maybe
paragraph six where they finally say
this isn't related hate it sometimes but
that's exactly what they're doing that
subheading was just nonsense the
subheading was basically like well Rush
is why we're here in the first place
because all that yes and they had to
find a way to get Russia in the heading
somehow not in the title which they
couldn't even that much right
that'd be too much of an over stretch so
they had to figure out a way to get it
in the subheading somehow so they just
threw in this flowery nonsense that's
basically just saying this is why we're
here in the first place but we found
something because at this point we can't
walk away empty-handed or
gonna look like idiots so I finding
obvious corruption that should surprise
nobody that's been paying attention
ever so this just reminds me as you were
covering like what the charges are
I just thought immediately I always go
to Geraldo Rivera and Al Capone like the
whole idea of like what are we gonna get
on Capone already what are we gonna find
in that vault
yeah so that's what I feel is this is
what oh my god did you have wheat that's
a great analogy no one's ever said that
before right that's great that is cool
this is like Geraldo Rivera's Al Capone
I was old enough to read again I'm old
enough to remember that TV show that was
unbelievably hyped that was before cable
everybody had cable that's before the
internet right that Geraldo Rivera
special that was like in the 80s or
something it was on wall to wall
coverage oh my god he's gonna get into
Al Capone's vault which by the way is
right by my house where I grew up anyway
oh we're gonna go now compose Bob gonna
get about go get nuts and three our TV
show nothing inside nothing all right
well that's the show there's nothing
there could I that's what this field
that's what this is this uh the they
weren't directly related to Russian
interference in the 2016 election the
key the key aim of mowers investigation
this had nothing to do with the ketha
whole you know the whole point of mowers
investigation this didn't have anything
to do that but whatever what the eff put
it put a special
they put a special prosecutor on one
bill bill clinton about a shady land
deal
fast forward what's the definition of is
is fast forward did you did you have sex
with did you stick a cigar in that
woman's vagina that that's what happened
that's where that investigation went to
which had nothing to do with the
original thing and that's exactly and
that's why they got rid of it
someone correct me if i'm wrong on this
by the way about about the special prep
they got rid of the special prosecutor
after bill clinton and they cuz
all those people would be in jail for
the Iraq war and they'd all be in jail
for torture we didn't put anybody in
jail for torture we're gonna put these
guys in jail but this guy for plank
paying off a hooker in that crazy
well we promoted Jena Haspel Regina as
well is the head of the CIA
she's a confirmed torturer but we're
gonna put it put it put away Cohen for
paying off a hooker and this will net
they're not going to impeach this is all
wasted political energy would you agree
would you both agree that this is wasted
political energy yeah well I do not have
a tear to shed for the players involved
at all yeah this is wasted political
energy so I don't know who else will be
reporting it this way I'm gonna bet some
of our favorite lefty shows will not
report it this way they will be like see
we got it they're all corrupt right gosh
yes they're all corrupt whoo you got
them I can't believe there's gambling
here what we all know about corruption
Dylan Ratigan is gonna break it down
right now so again while the FBI
director example gives those with a
partisan view against Donald Trump and
it's easy to be against Donald Trump the
obvious fuel to suggest that he's a
criminal who's a terrible guy blah blah
blah under investigation probably true
but if you believe that then you
probably also need to consider that
Hillary Clinton was taking money through
her foundation to do weapons deals
overseas while personally enriching
herself and that Barack Obama is paid
off by the private health insurance
companies in the banks to make sure that
we don't actually have proper health
care or a functioning financial system
it's hard to believe one and not accept
the other two they're all freakin
corrupt I do I have to sit here and show
you every headline about Barack Obama
goes from the White House to Wall Street
in less than a year do I have to show
you that a Barack Obama's cabinet
cashing in on Wall Street Timothy
Geithner now working for predator
lenders predatory do I have to I really
have to show you that but I have to show
you Debbie wasserman-schultz in bed with
that predatory lenders also do I have to
 the corruption that's embedded in
our politics so that's why they got rid
of the freakin special brand now it's
back and now they're finding a bunch of
stuff that has nothing to do with the
Russian the whole again the whole point
not directly to dr. Ecklie related to
the Russian interference with the key
aim of Moe's investigation nothing
related to it nothing related to the
collusion between the Trump campaign in
Moscow nothing I can't wait until
there's a court case that involves that
because then we get to go into court and
we get to hear why the FBI never got to
inspect the DNC server that's what I'd
like to know but Jimmy aren't you
excited because in the meantime the Mick
resistance can make a bunch of memes
with high numbers next to the
indictments on them then there's gonna
be mediocre results in 2018 and we might
get eight years of Trump yeah people
people literally say this all the time
to me on Twitter or Facebook or wherever
I am they'll say come on Jimmy all those
indictments all those chart all the
again not not realizing none of them
have to do with Russian collusion
nothing none of them so to me that's the
headline so to me the head high would be
mad afford convicted of a bunch of stuff
that have nothing to do with Russian
collusion Cohen Cohen caught paying off
prostitute have nothing to do with
Russian collusion it should be an onion
headline right two-year investigation
and tons of resources and tons of money
reveals white collar people shady yeah I
mean so they did an investigation in the
Bill Clinton they call him they caught
him lying about getting a in the
Oval Office from an intern they did an
investigation into code they found out
that he paid off
 from Trump before he was in the
Oval Office that doesn't this doesn't
hurt Trump the way people the way the
mick resistance thinks it hurts him this
is how people this is how the rest of
the real world sees this
oh but Bill Clinton accused a rape
Juanita Broderick credible claim of rape
so that's why when people in the general
public hear these stories - like Oh
Trump paid off a hooker yeah Bill
Clinton was getting I'm his
intern and then he was then he can
accused of rape I think I didn't Paula
Jones and um I mean there's a
ennifer flowers do you understand how
none of this that's why it's not not
gonna land woo and and and the thing
that it will probably that could
probably won't but that could get Trump
in this is that he'd they use campaign
heat direct hit Cohen they use cam they
use campaign funds to pay back Cohen who
gave that money to the to the stormy
Daniels and the other woman mm-hmm so
then they use campaign money to
reimburse him that's you can't so it
begs the question why would Trump open
himself up to that kind of bull just
maybe he's just dumb other people have
speculated that he doesn't have as much
money as everybody thinks he does well
additionally I don't think he ever
expected to win and I don't think he
expected to win you're right I bet you
yeah that's also you're right
III think he has the money to pay off
the WIMP the woman but uh that he's did
that because he's broke I don't know I
just think that's how it guys like that
work but anyway this would be the
headline a trial that nothing to happen
here was directly related to the Russian
interference in the 2016 election that
which is the key this is the whole
reason that we have a special prosecutor
the whole reason Muller is doing an
investigation this has nothing to do
with it
can I you know everybody that should be
the headline good night and good luck
thanks for watching please make sure
you're subscribed even if you think you
are you're probably not it only takes a
second to check and then you have to
ring that Bell so they send you a
notification when we drop a new video
otherwise they won't tell you when we
drop new videos and if you like our show
please help support it become a patron
we give you hours of bonus material
every week and we give a live stream we
do a live stream every Saturday at 2:00
p.m. Pacific time when you could ask us
questions and we answer them back thanks
for your support
[Music]
