hi everybody welcome to judo so I'm here
with Graham Elwood the political
vigilante he's on tour with Ron paconne
what were you guys going we're doing the
progressive comedy tour Jimmy may 9th
we're going to Tempe Arizona May 10th
Lake Havasu May 11th Las Vegas May 12th
San Diego so it's just Ron and I doing
kind of progressive jokes that we could
never do anywhere else so come on out
and go to Grandma what calm for tickets
go to Grandma what calm for those the
progressive comedy tour tickets wow that
sounds like fun can I go yeah okay we'd
sell more tickets
[Laughter]
we should yes we support the teacher he
should let's do a show why don't we book
something in Tucson I'll go I went to
University of Arizona and that's in
Tempe right that's in Tucson oh and
Tucson yeah I love Arizona I'd go she
sounds pretty I hear Tucson is pretty
liberal
it is very or progressive progressive
college town okay so maybe we'll go to
Tucson or do you say Tuscan so comedy in
the time of Trump right so now I've I
don't have any Trump jokes in my act
right I have maybe two solid Trump jokes
and you know why because every other
jaggoff in the world is outdoing Trump
jokes you know it's just it's uh it's
just come on right
it's and so it gets to be low-hanging
fruit and so I try to challenge myself
to do something different right it's
like when I started comedy everybody was
doing dating jokes and I was like I
don't want to go to dating jokes
everybody's doing dating jokes so it's
hardly try to you know I always tried to
be different that's more fun for me now
in this age of Trump I'm not saying that
you shouldn't make fun of Trump but
listen to what noir McDonald says now
nor McDonald is now I know him
personally and that we used to sit out
by the fire of Todd Glass's house and we
would have lots of fun chats right and
now he's a contrary in' as all good
comedians are norman Donald's the
contrary in' and he's one of the
funniest guys in the history of funny
right he's just funny he makes me laugh
so hard
and you know what else I love about him
is that when we first met him we loved
his impressions that he would do a Bob
Dole and of Burt Reynolds and if you
asked him he would do them for us that
was unbelievable
because most people won't they'll get
guy to my Dagon my dick he would
remember that oh my god it was like the
biggest thrill - really what he did it
and I lost my mind I lost my mind so and
it's really hard for me to be myself
around a guy like Norbert Donnell
because I look up to him so much comedic
ly I opened for him in like 1993 in
Chicago before he was famous and even
then I looked up to him and I was myself
around him so here they asked him about
Comrie in the age of Trump but let's
learn her what he has to say it caught
not understanding so comedy in the time
of Trump is it more difficult than it
was when you were on Saturday Night Live
it's more difficult in a time of Trump
for good comedians and it's way easier
for bad comedians you know you don't
have a worldview by just saying you
don't like Trump you know I mean that
doesn't count like you can't you can't
just say I hate Trump and and that makes
you a good person and the Democrats just
can't say I hate Trump and that means
they have a position you know that's no
position but that's amazing
Wow he's nailing it I'm I'm so
conflicted right now cuz he when I was
on Last Comic Standing three years ago
he told me on camera to quit to quit
comedy and become a dog walker and I
wanted to punch him in the throat but
this actually this is the I'm down with
him saying this I didn't know he said
that to you yeah he did yeah I got
bounced off in the first round yeah and
I I laughed and played it off but like
you're supposed to like you're supposed
to and I laughed and then he made fun of
me he goes well he went over to Iraq and
Afghanistan must have been tough for the
soldiers the crowd booed him and I went
well I was doing shows for al-qaeda is
this a bad time to bring that up I got a
laugh
but I was a higher they booed him
and you got the last yeah yeah house
nice but it was I was like hey man I'll
just advance me one round it would have
helped my Road money would have gone up
he didn't know you personally yeah I
think he did really he wrote on strip
poker the game show I hosted yeah he
wrote on that show yeah he wrote he did
some jokes on it he just came in and
wrote some jokes on it so he knew who I
was so disappointing I mean this is a
nice interview he's doing but this was
gonna be me saying nice things about and
then you do that then that happens
that's too bad that's unfortunate it is
unfortunate that's unfortunate
so just goes to show you I don't mean to
drop a bomb on there's lots of different
sides everybody has you know PC crimes
and misdemeanors and everybody everyone
he's got a dark side but I respected
presenting this on so this is awesome
that he's saying this this is awesome
that he's saying this because he's right
about this and here we go let's listen
what else he says so so for for idiots
it's an easier time because you go well
that guy's that guy's the idiot not me
but if you try to do smart comment it's
better to stay away from stay away from
drunk you know know
so what do you thought I tell you what I
think you want to tell me what you think
first about that I think he's he's
hitting her he's on to a truth he's dead
on and this is the thing and we've all I
mean the three of us have talked about
this off-camera is just in Los Angeles
we've seen so many comics who don't have
anything to say they're not talking
about the goddamn I know and they got
one they got one Trump joke Oh Trump
with the orange skin I'm like okay how
what got us here like no one is willing
I mean I saw Tim black post on Twitter
he goes I'm so sick of listening to
these late-night comics act like Obama
years were so great was so great and
it's like you know that's why honestly
I'm not trying to jam a plug in here
that's why Ron and I decided to a
progressive comedy to it because there's
so much material I can't do in a regular
comment I can but like if I go after the
Democrats and their corruption in LA you
know people are gonna it and it's like
what it's like this show is the only
place I can make these jokes in my own
show well I will say this scram I did at
your podcast festival I did the stand-up
show that you guys had I was on it and I
went up after a couple comedians had
done that right talked about how much
they hated Trump and that he was the
problem and MSNBC's gray MSNBC was great
and all that stuff yes that literally
was a comedian saying how much they
loved Rachel Maddow and MSNBC and so I
went up and I couldn't you know I so I
guess that's why I'm a comedian I
couldn't not say something so I went up
and I did a bit about you know
everybody's talking about the Muslim
band you know Barack Obama bomb them
that's why they're coming to United
States that's why Trump's banning them
because Barack Obama just spent eight
years bobbing them what do you have to
do bomb them at the airport for people
to get pissed off and people applauded
that after yeah yeah your paw but that's
also a different crowd your podcast
festival is not a regular comedy club
crowd that's it that's an elevated crowd
yeah that's a very well informed I think
a podcast audience you have people who
listen to ideas this podcast and
conversations they're not just getting
sound bites and getting their
information from names or like the New
York Times Twitter feed
they're listening to cup they're
listening to comedians have reasonable
debates right not corporate media your
red I'm blue fight but like in this
long-form digital content of podcasts
and YouTube we can sit there and go oh
that's I didn't realize that oh I hate
you you change I know that's I hadn't
considered right you can't say that on
CNN No
so I think that's why in that context
those types of audiences when you find
those little islands they're sold I mean
the first time I was on your show at
flappers I mean I it changed my life
because I feel like I'm insane just
yelling into my phone for my political
vigilante shows sometimes and then that
crowd I was like oh they're out there
and they're so they're so smart that's
what Norma Connells talking about yeah
and we were talking right before we came
in we were talking about how it's weird
hearing comedians in Los Angeles talk
about the homeless and you know Grant
pointed out he goes how about you take
five seconds and say why people are
there more homeless people than ever
before I know what's the problem instead
of like just the awful stuff that they
say about homeless as if they have no
empathy and that's cool one of the
things that reinvigorated me about
comedy was doing the the FNX a first
nation common experience that you were
both on and I met all these Native
American comics because there's a whole
separate Native circuit and then they
have stuff to say you know and they're
talking about and in a funny way they're
doing what smart wit and what norms
talking about in a very intelligent way
they're dispelling stereotypes and
misconceptions about Native Americans in
a very funny way all the dumb crap that
said to them they're calling out
 like blood-quantum
they're talking about standing Rock Tour
talking about all this like stuff and I
was like ah this is I was reinvigorated
cuz I'm like doing this show and doing
that FNX show I was like this is what
the art which is what norm is talking
about this is what the art and craft of
stand-up comedy should be questioning
people and if I can get you to laugh
you're more likely to hear my side of it
versus if we argue that is correct and
that's why it's for intelligent people
idiots can just
orange skin Trumpy Trump saying he don't
like Trump that's not a world view it's
it's fantastic at that and so he's right
about that even though he was mean to
you I've had that happen with people you
know that's not fun that's not fun when
that happens people are mean to you for
no reason who are more famous than you
well I will even say that you know for
years going to comedy clubs and watching
Jimmy perform or you know being able to
perform - and that so many times I would
hear people's punchlines say and it was
a Mexican yeah and I oh and it was like
wow it was uncomfortable because there
there would be people that I really
really liked and that they had no kind
of like concept of what they were saying
yes or are they there it sounded
disparaging I didn't understand what the
audience was laughing at and I was
sitting there like huh oh yeah I'm the
Mexican oh so I think it's interesting
to see somebody talk about you know the
idea of what real comedy is yeah right
now in the age of Trump but you know
what was comedy in the Age of Obama what
was comedy because I recall that you
were onstage on 9/11 was the day after
9/11 happened and you were in Largo and
it was like what we all going to tell
you about the day after yes the day
after 9/11 was Largo right or maybe two
days after was yes it was very it was it
was the next the next whatever it was
very soon after 9/11 happened that there
was this alternative comment which was
these kind of the the the center of
alternative comedy in the West Coast
anyway was that Largo and at in this in
yeah I remember that was he uh and then
people got onstage go ahead well finish
your thought I'll go ahead no but you
could tell you had to talk about it you
can't get on stage and they'll talk
about dating a couple days after 9/11
mm-hmm
and there was you know it did bring it
actually there was a lot of good comedy
that came out of that because people
confronted
things instead of pretending and
scapegoating right yeah and you have so
what do you want well I just even even
now just responding again to norms point
of view about this kind of low-hanging
fruit idea about Donald Trump that you
know when I see comedians that I really
enjoy and that they're just doing all
this Trump bashing I'm not a fan of
Donald Trump right but Donald Trump is
like the pus of the problem you know
he's the real problem is what got us
here that's right that's why I choose
two men that's what I try to do jokes
about what got us here
what godess Donald Trump and a lot of
people Stephen Colbert included just
want to do jokes about Donald Trump and
it's sad it's it is said and that's
that's the thing that corporate media
will allow they will only allow you to
make fun of this one Trump his crazy
hair his orange skin you know oh he's a
liar but you won't acknowledge any of
the other lies that got us here you
won't acknowledge the lies of this I
mean you know why why do we have shitty
health care why why is there why are
wired Millennials drat though the dough
Millennials you mean the one that are
drowning in student loan debt those
Millennials with no job prospects
nothing that those ones who why won't
they why don't why are they upset with
the system why won't they support a
corporatist warmonger offers of nothing
yeah and they they just go and work at
Amazon they could work in a fulfillment
center yeah why don't they go to Amazon
or Walmart and get a job that doesn't
pay a living wage and then go on
assistance and then went whining you
have to go go get a job that pays you
crappy wages and then be thankful that
you then also have to Oberon the side to
supplement your life but let's
blame them an avocado toast in Trump you
know I am angry at avocado toast I'm
angry at avocado toast I will I talk to
a lot of crap I don't like it I mean
it's just a vaca it knows what it did
it's worse than what norm said to me on
Last Comic Standing
[Laughter]
please make sure you're subscribed even
if you think you are you probably aren't
only takes a second to check please
check to make sure you're subscribed and
click that bell so they said you would
notice when we drop videos that's what
you have to do and I appreciate it if
you do that and if you can become a
patron we give you hours of bonus
material every week we do a solid chat
where you can ask us questions every
Saturday at 2 p.m. Pacific you ask us
questions will answer them that's alive
solid chat on Saturdays 2 p.m. Pacific
plus we run steam it we're steaming it
right now and our next live show is July
1st in Portland Oregon go to jimmy dore
calm be calm for all our dates thanks
for your support
[Music]
