hi everybody welcome to the jimmy dore
show now you know that the is two sets
of laws in this country there's the laws
for the rich and the connected and the
powerful which means there's no laws
those people never go to jail ever since
Nixon so they get to do whatever they
want create order illegal Wars order
illegal war crimes to cover it up
launder hundreds of millions of drug
money and a bank no but nobody
kik-kik active-duty soldiers out of
their house so the bank and make a
nickel kick ninety-year-old retirees out
of their houses illegally do all this
stuff that's who banks are now so that
that's who banks are that's the elite
and there's no law for them right they
can do whatever they want and then the
law for everybody else is that you go to
jail right away for whatever you do and
will beat you up first that's how it
works
so Wells Fargo the bank Wells Fargo has
been what they do is they open up fake
accounts so if you're a customer at
Wells Fargo let's say you have a
checking account they're open up they'll
open up a credit card account in your
name and they won't tell you and they'll
charge you and they won't tell you
that's what they and so why do they do
that well they can charge you they could
make money plus the more accounts it
open it looks like their companies do
their bank is doing more business so it
raises their stock price so then
everybody has a higher stock price and
they get bigger bonuses so it's all
about defrauding their own customers
turns out Wells Fargo and covered up to
one point four million more Frank
accounts this is from August by the way
so that's when this all this again this
extra came to light in August one point
four million more fake accounts Wells
Fargo has uncovered up to one point four
million more fake occur after digging
deeper into the banks broken sales
culture I would say after digging deeper
into the bank's criminal yes sales
culture not broken up broke yeah Oh
whoopsie we didn't catch it did the
string snapped
yeah that's why we had all those bad
accounts
broken yeah yeah bro dude is what
happened to my phone charger yeah this
is called fraud this is called criminal
behavior criminal behavior the findings
show that Wells Fargo problems are worse
than the bank's previously admitted to
admit it to when the scandal began
almost a year ago really so they were
even lying then isn't that wasn't that
something serial criminal liars who
serially criminally defraud their own
customers to make a buck we're lying
when they got caught that's totally
plausible unbelievable and logical and
makes sense
Wells Fargo now says it has found a
total of up to three and a half million
million potentially fake bank and credit
card accounts up from its earlier tally
of approximately 2.1 million in other
words there are two-thirds more fake
accounts than previously realized and
here's the thing that's important to
remember when they defraud 3.4 3.5
million of their own customers defraud
them criminally on purpose
guess who goes to jail nobody nobody
goes to jail nobody goes to jail isn't
that something
well I'm really disappointed that all
these people at the top lied about how
many fake accounts there were but Joe
Biden assured me they're patriots yeah
so we have that they are patriots the
additional fake accounts were discovered
by a previously announced analysis that
went back to January 2009 and that
further reviewed the original May 2011
to mid 2015 period after a hundred and
ninety thousand accounts were slapped
with unnecessary fees for these accounts
Wells Fargo said that's up from about
I'm sorry about a hundred and ninety
thousand accounts were slapped with
unnecessary fees for these accounts
that's up from 130,000 previously Wells
Fargo also discovered a new problem what
that people are catching on that the
banking system is based on fraud no the
new problem was that thousands of
customers were
also enrolled an online bill pay without
their authorization the review found
five hundred and twenty eight thousand
five hundred and twenty eight thousand
potentially unauthorized online bill pay
enrollments why would anyone ever bank
with Wells Fargo because we only got
four or five choices that's why in late
July Wells Fargo admitted to forcing up
to five hundred and seventy thousand
borrowers into unneeded insurance
they're just a they're one big fraud
organization all the banks are but it's
especially Wells Fargo right now their
whole thing is like wow can we think of
what kind of a fraud scheme can we think
of
should we screw over our own customers
that seems like bad business let's do it
I kind of missed the times when banks
would be robbed yeah number one the
member when people used to rob bank
stuff remember when that used to be it
that was now the banks robbed us yeah
haha what is Ben Affleck gonna make that
 movie you go make that movie Ben
I think it's I think it's pronounced a
flick by day flow why am i angry about a
four hour go still holds up about twenty
thousand of those customers may have had
their cars repossessed due to the
unnecessary insurance costs so the
poorest people in the world they're
preying on people getting their cars
repossessed because of their fraud
nobody goes to jail nobody goes to jail
but let me tell you something you go out
and steal one of those bank executives
cars you're going to jail for a long
time you go down and you steal a watch
off the hand of a bank executive you are
going to jail for a long time you try to
defraud the bank you're going to jail
for a long time the bank to fraud you it
was a broken system the system was broke
so Elizabeth Warren says the Federal
Reserve should remove every Wells Fargo
Boardman
who served during the scandal I don't
know what they're waiting for I have
I'll do you one better Elizabeth Warren
are they gonna step down from a board
really if somebody in any other
profession ran their business on
defrauding their own goddamn customers
to the tune of 3.5 million of them you
wouldn't ask them to quit you'd send
them to jail you and ask them to resign
oh you got you got caught doing a lot of
criminal activity at a massive scale
yeah I guess you have to go to jail no
no I just have to quit oh okay great
it's great to be an American huh how
about they go to jail she's calling to
talk to me again this is Elizabeth
Warren Warren pretending to want to hold
these people accountable I I'm sorry uh
again she's she's one of the better
senators I'll admit she's one of the
better senators that just shows you how
shitty it is to pick again remember
Elizabeth Warren couldn't back Bernie in
the primary let's remember that didn't
say a damn thing about dapple let's
remember that she voted for the eight
hundred seven hundred billion dollars
and for the military increased she
handed it to trump let's remember who
these people are and now she's angry
about this
i s she is but she doesn't really have a
solution them stepping down so take all
the money you defrauded from people and
then go spend it you can go retire go
have a vacation here she in here she is
talking to the guy how good removal of
these fordman okay no here is Elizabeth
Warren talking to Janet Yellen Janet
Yellen who is the chairman of the
Federal Reserve and she's gonna ask her
well you'll you'll hear hers not be
warranted given the facts that we
already know I will she's asking Janet
Yellen how come you haven't removed
these people from the board at Wells
Fargo with the
facts that we already know and Janet
Yellen gives some doublespeak answers
let's listen saith is the behavior we
saw was egregious and unacceptable and
it is our job how about criminal
how about criminally never say criminal
yeah the behavior we saw was egregious
and aren't acceptable how about criminal
she won't say it because if you say
criminal then you go where's the
prosecution so they won't say it
so she's built again these are people
who are supposed to be serving the
public and you know who they're serving
they're serving the elite 1% of the 1%
that's what they're serving including
Elizabeth Warren right now to understand
what the root causes were of those
failures and as we know what the root
cause this isn't again this isn't a
mystery that we need to bring scientists
in and take earth samples and wait for
the lab results we know what the problem
was yeah this was planned fraud this was
plain and simple management created and
told their underlings you go out and
sell these accounts and if you have to
open up fraud ones who care we're not
gonna say anything if you have to open
up fraudulent accounts and defraud our
own customers but they didn't know 3.5
million fraudulent accounts were open
of course they did yeah and you prepare
for it too I mean they had they had
pre-planned answers for when people
called ain't complaining I mean that
this was a meditated this was planned
premeditated use me this was planned
this was orchestrated this is not some
right whoopsies how did this happen no
no what happened try to figure out where
we went wrong that's what Jen and yell
is again Janet Yellin again to love the
1%
oh wait a minute do you even think she
is a one-percenter what do you how much
might one percenter because I believe
her net worth is 13 million dollars
there you go
she looks she looks like she's
struggling I hope she has health care
agreed we we do have the power if it
proves appropriate to remove directors a
number of action sorority so she said
Oprah at she says if it proves
appropriate we can remove that
appropriate to and put him in
prison that proves let her breathe let
alone she won't even take she won't even
bring removed him from the goddamn
company the people who are committing
fraud on Americans systemically
systematically their own they created it
they're doing it not only are they not
going to jail
she won't even make them lose their
 job she's supposed to work for
you she's supposed to be working for you
who the do you think she's working
for I wonder if she was like a really
really cool mom hey mom I got an F on my
report card well if it's deemed
appropriate I might do something about
well that's all right cool see you later
I'm gonna investigate and see how this F
came about as soon as we get to the
bottom of it it's if it deems
appropriate that it's your fault and we
we can take appropriate actions cool I'm
going out with my friends okay take care
son been taken
we are certainly prepared to take
enforcement actions if those prove to be
appropriate well what what are you
waiting for you mean if they prove if
they prove to be appropriate what are
you waiting for nothing she's not gonna
do anything she's lying again that's
Janet yell at him lying if they prove to
be appropriate we've known that they've
been opening fraudulent account since
last year what do mean if they prove you
still haven't gotten around to checking
there's only five goddamn banks in the
country are you too busy Janet your
house you don't have a deputy get to
take care of this look into it well if
it proves at some point in the future
which I'm not gonna say when that is
because it's never it's never so I don't
understand I I get it okay I get the
whole idea that it's all corrupt it's
all awful but if let's say you cheated
on your income tax right you know you're
going to jail gonna get yes right
so right now we'd like to think that
there's regulations in place that I like
to call the protections but even if
these protections are in place there's
no enforcement of no and so there's no
oversight and so simply put Wells Fargo
and all the banks are cooking their
books yes the LIBOR scandal
showed that the price of everything is
rigged here she heard some more that's
what worries me
time after time big banks cheat their
customers and no actual human beings are
held accountable ok here's your chance
fine which ultimately is paid for by
shareholders not by executives and
certainly not by directors of the board
and nothing's gonna change at these big
banks if that doesn't change you know
how I know that for a fact is because in
2011 the Fed find Wells Fargo 85 million
dollars for illegally steering mortgage
borrowers into costlier lungs again the
banks are just a factory of fraud they
just figure out new ways to defraud
people to make money how many different
ways they defrauded people with
insurance they have frauded people with
open and failure creek bank accounts
they defrauded people why did she just
say they did it and the feds
specifically said those illegal
practices they steered them in the bad
mortgages like they every way you could
do fraud in a bank they're doing it it's
almost like they're doing money
laundering through all these
transactions for their profit margin
right well HBS C was doing money
laundering for drug cartels that's a
different bank let's get back to her
cause by quote incentive compensation
and sales quota programs and the lack of
adequate controls to manage the risks
resulting from these programs so the Fed
find Wells in 2011 for failing to manage
the risks resulting from bad incentive
compensation practices and what did
Wells do for the next four years
immediately after that fine the board
signed off on incentive compensation
practices that led to the creation two
million fate accounts fines are not
working with these giant financial
institutions if and so that's why you're
gonna recommend jail no can you imagine
if they put a banker in jail at America
oh my god oh my god I bet that'd be the
dad but the yeah I'm you know what I bet
the Cubs win the World Series when that
happens oh that's never happening the
only banker they're gonna ever put in
jail is a banker if he steals from rich
people these are bankers stealing from
poor people and regular people not a
price to pay
Bernie Madoff stole from rich people he
goes right to the slammer everyone else
all the other banks don't report people
ders who preside over the firing of
thousands of employees for creating
millions of fake accounts compete their
jobs then I think every bank director in
this country knows that our bulletproof
and that poses a danger to the rest of
us every single day you have the power
to change the culture on Wall Street I
know you care about this issue why do
you have to say that why do you have to
kiss her ass I know you care no she
doesn't if she cared about the issue
Elizabeth she would be as upset about
this as you are
what is she dumb what is she in fourth
grade and Janet Yellen doesn't know
what's going on she doesn't know that
she should do something about it
she doesn't know that these guys are
criminal why do you what kind of
 is that that she's saying am I
overreacting to her saying that because
I'm sick and tired of this this
 good manners to people who are
 criminals I'm sick of it
I know you cared no she doesn't care
which is why you have to lecture her she
doesn't care I hope you will use that
power
I see so oh really strong stuff there
Elizabeth really strong stuff the way
you never mentioned criminal activity
the way you never mentioned prison as a
punishment for defrauding Americans and
never ever once brought it up really
powerful stuff and then the way you were
really nice to Janet at the end side no
you care about it I do care okay I can
walk out everybody head up cuz gig
Elizabeth Warren said I care about
things she doesn't give a
and it's statements like that that make
me think Elizabeth Warren is a pretender
because if she wasn't pretending she
would be calling for prosecution
of these cretins am I wrong about that
what I think you're right Jimmy thank
you that's all I need that's all I
needed
I mean I think yeah it is frustrating to
see I mean the other side of it like we
pointed out in a similar video I'm glad
she's at least saying something she's
doing something that's a whole lot more
than a lot of people but I put the but
Brad there's no follow-through there's
no follow-through and and I think it
goes beyond just her I mean I think as a
system that's far beyond her but but it
is frustrating to watch every case yes
the reason why I'm saying this about
Elizabeth Warren is because she is so
vocal against the bangs when in hearings
like this and it's like it makes me
think it's just a show because she never
mentions criminal punishment never
mentions prison she's too nice to Janet
Yellen she has and say that you're
corrupt they're all corrupt they are
check they're corrupt
Janet Yellen sitting there well if it
proves appropriate there any time in the
meantime people are angry at people who
need social programs to help them
survive and 50% of Americans are
struggling and better than that stuff
but they don't and everybody's worried
about bailing out these banks let's
let's let's come together and imprison
all the bankers right now because
they're cheating Americans on a daily
consistent basis what are we supposed to
do I think Joe Biden said you know we're
supposed to get together people and
leaders and workers and not be so mad at
corporation cause they're screwing us
hmm yeah I mean the only the only people
that faced any consequences other than
the customers that got screwed over but
the only people that faced any
consequences because of this were hourly
employees that were being yes fired five
thousand of those hourly employees lost
their jobs the bank directors didn't
even lose their job and so can they even
get unemployment when they're fired I
don't know I don't think so if you get
fired mm-hmm so there you go so I would
implore Elizabeth Warren the next time
she's in front of a bank CEO or the Fed
director chairman to maybe encourage
some criminal prosecutions encourage
that real consequences you know like if
a regular person different like if it
like a regular person stole from a bank
yeah
treat the bank like like you would treat
that regular person who stole from a
bank all the good old days when people
used to steal from banks Portland Oregon
the Jimmy Dore show is coming to the
Alberta Rose Theatre November 12th and
we're going to Burbank California
November 6th and the Hollywood improv on
October 16th there's a link for tickets
right down there go to jimmy dore comedy
calm for all legs for all shows
