hi everybody walked with Jimmy doors
show I'm here with Rob Lakota the
miserable liberal howdy howdy
hola so there's in 1996 Bill Clinton
passed the Telecommunications Act or
signed and what did that do that took
America used to have a United States
used to have 50 giant media companies
that would bring you TV shows they'll
bring you radio shows that will bring
you movies they'd bring you news papers
they'd bring you magazines bring you all
your media 50 giant media companies Bill
Clinton and there was a lot of rules
that made sure that media companies
couldn't buy each other over
distribution and broadcast why because
we understand in the United States that
it's important to have a lot of
different voices in our media not just
one person's idea right so if you if you
if you wanted to see how that works
watch mr. Smith goes to Washington or
watch what's the most famous movie
rosebud what does that network how about
watching network or Citizen Kane right
so you see the so - so one person
doesn't have control over our
information an uninformed electorate you
need to have an informed electorate for
an healthy democracy and that's why we
like to have lots of voices bring us
news and information and entertainment
so Bill Clinton got rid of that got rid
of all those rules that said you
couldn't own too many TV stations and a
newspaper and a radio station in the
same market so it made sure we had a lot
of voices that kept everybody honest
well Bill Clinton got rid of that the
Telecommunications Act of 1996 Bill
Clinton a good neoliberal which is means
means corporatist against the people
that's what neoliberal means you're a
corporatist against the people and so
now we have six giant companies that
bring you everything six six they make
that they've days produce it they
distribute it six companies that's it so
that's why everybody in mainstream news
is friendly to everybody else in
mainstream news because you're gonna go
work at MSNBC then you might go to CNN
then you might go to Fox you might go
from Fox you might go to CBS you might
go over to NBC which just happened with
a couple of Fox people went to NB
cien MSNBC so it's one big Stoli six
companies so that's another way to get
keep people from criticizing media is
there's only six places to work so
nobody's gonna upset the system nobody
who's getting paid is gonna upset that
system you know what I'm saying
so what's happening now so now there's a
group called Sinclair right very
right-wing media group and they've been
doing this thing you've seen it maybe in
print or in online news magazines where
they'll have an advertisement that looks
like a news article and it'll say really
unbolted not bolded type advertisement
yeah it's most common in online articles
right they do it online a lot and it's
commonly referred to as sponsored
content which is basically a commercial
posing as journalism right and there's a
small little disclaimer that tells you
this is a commercial this was paid or
it'll say paid content content yep
why don't did you say and this is an ad
because everyone knows what that means
mm-hmm paid content oh someone's paying
you to put that content in there that's
good they I'm glad someone's paying
yours we wouldn't have a newspaper no
that's what they want you to think
exactly
Yeah right so the hill is from the hill
FCC proposes a record thirteen point
four million dollar fine on Sinclair and
what did they do
well according this is their official
wording the proposed fine comes more
than a year after an anonymous tipster
told the FCC that Sinclair owned
stations had been airing segments about
the Huntsman Cancer Institute without
disclosing that the group had been
paying for the programming now it's it's
it seems like it's like a Cancer
Institute like what what nefarious
strength but the point is they aired
these things that were commercials and
they aired them as if they weren't
commercials as if they were producing
months so that's illegal you can't do
that I don't know what the effects were
it's a goddamn Cancer Institute yeah and
I I I personally I do not know the
details about that particular Institute
either I don't know if there
one of the good ones or if they're like
a Susan G Komen one of the bad ones
that's being predatory like I don't know
okay the FCC found that Huntsman Cancer
Foundation which funds the Cancer Center
had paid Sid Clair to produce and
distribute segments promoting the
research centers work that was quote
made to look like independently
generated news coverage so why do you
got to be deceptive about doing
something for a Cancer Institue I have
no idea that's funny right that they
would be why would you want to pull the
wool over people's eyes out if you're
doing a cancer I don't that doesn't make
sense to me anyway this is from desert
news the ads aired more than 1700 times
in 2016 mm-hmm
so there are 1700 times they play post a
literally of fake news ad thing a fake
news story they put on the TV like not
fake cuz they got it wrong fake because
it was produced as an advertisement not
as a news basis that's what we mean it
wasn't there to actually inform me was
there to push anyway you know what I
don't have to explain anymore you know
what a commercial is and so it aired
more than 1,700 times in 2016 across 64
sinclair own TV stations and also 413
other stations not owned by the company
the fine Cubs of sinclair is awaiting
FCC approval of its 3.9 billion dollar
takeover of Tribune media a deal that
would give the resulting company access
to about 70% of the nation's television
audience it was recent lacks regulations
relaxed protections that enable them to
do that so now all the TV stations are
gonna be owned by us or 70% of all the
TV stations in the country gonna be
owned by one one company mmm-hmm so it
gets even two getting even worse yeah
and this isn't their first infraction
like this either I mean they probably
just see this as the cost of doing
business you know like hey why not we're
gonna pass this off they're paying for
the content we're getting a big payday
from them and then if we get caught
we'll just pay the fine yes they're
probably still coming out on the green
yeah
of course of course they are yeah so uh
that's what's happening with your media
and why is it happening because of Bill
Clinton's neoliberalism how do we get
Trump because of neoliberalism that's
how we got Trump we didn't get Trump cuz
it Jill Stein or the Russians
we got Trump because of 30 years of
neoliberalism people have been voting
against the establishment since at least
2008 if not before
they voted for change in 2008 we got no
change
we got change on the outside and
continuation and continuity on the
inside but we got a black guy named
Barack Obama with a Muslim name and on
the outside all kinds of change on the
inside he continued Bush's war policy
ramped it up made the bank's bigger made
the Bush tax cuts permanent open the
Arctic to drilling twice put pipelines
all in the cut fracking everywhere
that's what Barack Obama did rock Obama
wanted to cut Social Security and
Medicare that's Barack Obama so 30 years
of neoliberalism gave you Trump this is
why we have Trump because because of
Bill friggin Clinton doing this now we
got six companies and they what did they
do do they all ran empty pictures of
Trump's podium instead of Bernie Sanders
isn't that something so those six
companies don't want to hear from a
progressive voice on economics isn't
that weird but they would rather show an
empty podium of Donald Trump who's now
gonna do this for them including MSNBC
did that by the way including MSNBC did
that show Donald Trump's empty podium
instead of Bernie Sanders Chris Hayes
did it they all did it so this is the
result of neoliberalism now we're gonna
have one company owning 70% of our TVs
isn't it a myth so you know how the AM
radio is now that's how TV's gonna be
one point of view and it's a court so as
as Chris Hedges points out that we are
living in a totalitarian state but it's
but it's it's we don't we're not living
under a despot ruler we're living under
the nameless faceless corporate state
and we've experienced a corporate coup
d'etat in our country and he describes
it as a corporate coup d'etat in slow
motion and so we're not it's not your
typical totalitarian regime where they
there's a guy and he uses the government
it's now the corporate state which owns
our government which now tells you when
you get free speech and when you don't
now they're doing it with net neutrality
they're talking about this and they get
to tell you who can be on Facebook and
who can be on Twitter and who can do who
can commit so it's a corporate
totalitarian state we live in by the way
we live in a surveillance state we're
being surveilled by a hundred twenty
four hours a day by our government by a
by the way private corporations inside
our government are doing that Booz Allen
so we live in this is the result of
neoliberalism this is how you got this
is how you get Trump you know Jimmy when
I when I was in the classroom and one of
the concepts that you would try to teach
kids or try to examine and illuminate
for them is propaganda and all the
different ways that propaganda were
surrounded by it and you can see it
pretty quickly in commercials you know
like oh yeah but but you don't see what
is nefarious about propaganda and so I
would say I would you know say that you
know to reread Animal Farm again and see
all the conditions around how you can
oppress society by manipulation by the
use of propaganda and how I'm you know
the whole concept of you know it seems
like every American is really working
hard right now and we just constantly
are getting screwed even more so I you
know when I see something like this that
it's just like when I read the news or
watch the news I'm constantly now going
oh is so this is an ad I don't want to
read it or I you know you have to like
they're not sifting they're not making
it easy for you to figure out what is
news and what's an ad well yeah I mean
that they don't just blur the lines
between journalism and PR they just
eliminate it entirely by trying to pass
it off as one in the same
and I just want a you know when you
started this this article I was also
thinking really quickly about the idea
when we watch programs where we watch a
commercial and it's about a car and you
see the small print at the bottom of the
ad right and it's like we're so now
accustomed to that that must be
acceptable that you can make things
super super small that you don't have to
ignore understood what the point of that
was no one's reading that that's some
kind of legal disclaimer that they have
to put there but no one can read that
it's not on the screen long enough to
read so I mean again until they write
into the regulations hey the disclaimer
has to be large enough to read and on
screen long enough to read but they're
not gonna do that because guess what
your government's owned by the
corporation mm-hmm that's why bankers
don't want you to do that and the car
companies don't want you to do that and
our car companies by the way don't have
to be profitable if they crash our
government will socialize them bail them
out I mean not socialize them I'm sorry
we'll give that so same failed
capitalist billions of dollars and prop
up artificially their industry which is
what we do
so there you go that's is this is the
effect of neoliberalism just so you know
that's why we got Trump just so you know
that's why right-wing radio is the way
it is that's why there's no left-wing
talk even in Los Angeles a lefty city
like Los Angeles there's no lefty talk
on the radio nowhere yeah well that's
something else like Chris Hedges
mentions that and I think it's death of
a liberal class where he mentions it
where he's just like yeah do you really
expect anything to go against the status
quo when your news media is owned by
corporations benefiting the most from
the status yes so this idea MSNBC's the
progressive no they're not they never
really were they've gotten even worse
but they never really were because it's
all still corporate it's the corporation
and I've said a million times as soon as
Rachel Maddow says anything that costs
MSNBC or Comcast a nickel they will fire
her just like they fired Phil Donahue
who had the highest rated show on the
network when they fired him because he
was against the war they were owned by
General Electric which are war
profiteers and they was like hey this
hurts our profits get that guy out of
here
same thing with Ed Schultz they're owned
by Comcast and Schultz wanted to tell
the truth about the TPP comcast wanted
to TPP they got rid edge
Rachele mountains say word chris hayes
didn't say word so that's all you need
to know about those two people that
they're willing to sell out you and
their own integrity for cash $30,000 a
day and so am i I'm not better than them
no one's offered so in the meantime I
get to tell you the truth about them and
it's obvious that they're sellout
horrible lackeys unbelievable Rachel
Maddow is a propagandist of the highest
order to the point where most people now
just go I can't believe that you don't
agree that there's Russian we hacked our
election they just say that they just
don't go here's the evidence they never
say here's the evidence they just go I
can't believe you don't think the
evidence is come on Jimmy
the evidence is in come on Jimmy I was
listening to NPR this morning and they
talked about Russia and they said well
you know the Intel hasn't really come
out with any evidence yet but what but
but it's on come on so here's a message
from the Koch brothers the lefties
here's the lefties the lefty news and
everybody on the left the balls on the
one-yard line the Republicans couldn't
be more unpopular in Congress they're
passing the most unpopular legislation
in the history of our country that got
the most unpopular president in the
history of our country and the Democrats
have the ball in the one-yard line and
what are they talking about they're
talking about Russia that's the
equivalent of having a ball in the
one-yard line and fumbling it backwards
ten yards every time you try to do
something and that's what the Democrats
are doing instead of hammering the Trump
on their agenda hammering him about
single-payer like imagine in 2000 look
how so this is the Republicans cramming
every shitty piece of legislation down
their throats while they have the chance
to do it if Barack Obama would have
given us a public option in 2008 if he
would have crammed that down our throats
a public option Republicans would be
they have no ideology left then oh wow
it turns out that this works this
government program works yeah he didn't
do that he could have changed it to
everything in the United States Barack
Obama he could have proved that
government worked for people he could
have proved government health care he
didn't do any of that and this is the
result and look how they do this imagine
if Barack Obama instead of jamming down
two times opening the
dick to drilling instead of dreaming
down the Bush tax cuts that made instead
of jamming down making the bank's bigger
instead of jamming down our throat
he should have jammed the opposite he
should have broke up the bank's ended
the wars gave everybody free college at
a public option just like their jamming
 down but the Democrats don't do
that why because Barack Obama was owned
by the same goddamn people do I have to
do I have to show you Dylan Ratigan
again explaining that to you I don't
have to do that do I
cuz I'll show it to you Dylan Ratigan
explaining that if you think Trump is
corrupt you have to believe that Barack
Obama took bribes from the financial
industry from Wall Street and from the
medical industry and barque Big Pharma
to make sure we don't have a functioning
healthcare system or a functioning
financial system that's what Dylan
Ratigan award-winning journalist says
and that's what we're left with this is
the end the Democrats will never do this
they'll never J because they're not
paying their pick T to do the other
thing Barack Obama did a right-wing
thing and he painted it as a left-wing
thing Obamacare that's a right-wing
thing he did so this is the this is the
natural progression this is the natural
result of 30 years of neoliberalism you
get Trump you get a corporate takeover
complete of your government which it was
before anyway it's depressing it really
is and still they're talking about
Russia and that's all they're gonna talk
about Russia Russia Russia you got the
leading Democrats talking about Russia
Tom Perez talking about Russia Rachel
Maddow Chris Hayes talking about
Russia no kidding balls on the one-yard
line
oh my corporate overlords don't want me
to run it through oh okay I won't I'm
gonna do a Statute of Liberty play from
the one-yard line and that's gonna we're
gonna fumble it backwards and that's
what they're doing we're doing a hell
Mary I don't know if that's a good idea
come on Ron come on and it just makes me
laugh that people think with people like
Chris Hayes and Rachel Maddow of any
integrity even Kyle kolinsky called out
Chris Hayes yesterday on Twitter nice
you said you used to be great at your
job you're mediocre at best no that's
what that's what Kyle kolinsky said
about Chris Hayes and Chris Hayes does
not give a what we think of him
does couldn't care less
what we think of him he hangs out with
rich people chris hayes hangs out with
the rich of the rich of the rich that's
who Chris Hayes hangs out with and then
he takes a I'm gonna guess a limo or act
in to MSNBC every day doesn't get out to
talk to anybody ever and then he goes up
to his you know he has assistants and
people he has drivers and assistants and
interns and everybody to take care of it
every need he has oh I am
jealous of him and they're not giving
you the news they're giving you
corporate propaganda as soon as Chris
Hayes tells the truth about a war he
will be fired as soon as Rachel tells
you the truth about Russia she will be
fired which is why she's continuing to
do propaganda especially about the
dossier which was already debunked in
her face on her show by Richard Engel
anyway this is again this is clips
getting too long I get it dovetailing
into too many pieces of this is it
this is what it's about that's the end
of neoliberalism keep voting for the
lesser of two evils and see how much
better that works out for you please
make sure you subscribe right cuz even
if you think you're subscribed I'm not
kidding there unsubscribing people
people are telling us they can
unsubscribe three times in one day so
please make sure you subscribe click
that bell that gives you a notice when
we drop a video and if you can help
