everybody welcome to the jimmy dore show
our next live ginny door show october 12
special guest abby martin I'm here with
Ron flick-on Ron how are you hey Jimmy
Ron's going on a tour in November yeah
November 2nd Sacramento third San
Francisco seventeenth Santa Barbara and
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania on the 23rd
rom-com four tickets all right so that's
in November we're talking about it in
August exciting no time like the present
so the Democrats made some reforms
another touting them so I was over at
the Democrat to Twitter page today it's
his watch we just passed the strongest
reforms to our presidential nominating
process in decades because we're
committed to making 2020 the most
transparent election ever here's what
the reforms look like and so they have
this video of this nice lady and she
says all these there we go let's lie
that's what I'm gonna play it all the
way through because people get mad they
always say Jimmy you stopped and started
so I'm gonna play it all the way through
it's only a minute and 36 seconds long
you can see right there and and then
we'll go back and stop it started okay
everybody happy big news
the DNC just enacted the biggest reforms
to our presidential nominating process
in decades these reforms will grow the
Democratic Party increase voting
participation rebuild trust and put our
next Democratic presidential nominee in
the strongest position possible to win
there are three big changes we've made
and here's the deal on them number one
we're sure the will of the grassroots
determines our personally by reducing
the role that super-delegates have over
our presidential nominating process now
super-delegates will refrain from voting
on the first presidential nominating
ballot empowering the grassroots and
removing any doubt about respecting the
wealth of people number two we're
working to have more States of old crime
Aires and the states the whole caucuses
to make them more accessible for some
states caucuses are the only method
available to allocate national
convention delegates the caucuses can
present challenges for voters such as
seniors shift workers students members
of the military and parents of young
children
for time due to other responsibilities
our forms recommend that states take
steps to make caucuses as accessible as
possible including offering absentee
voting for voters who can't make a
caucus in person and better processes
for tracking ballots in case of recount
is needed and third or fourth and this
is a big one we want to make sure that
everyone who wants to vote can vote so
we're recommending that all states offer
same-day voter registration and the
ability to register as a Democrat to
vote in Democratic primaries the DNC is
proud of this progress we've made and
we're committed to making 2020 our most
transparent and effective presidential
nominating process ever the reason why
it's simple because we're more Democrats
vote Democrats win and when Democrats
win good things happen to people yes
good things happen to people like the
repeal of glass-steagall the crash of
the economy two wars going to seven the
banks getting bigger while we kick out
5.1 million families you mean those kind
of good things Hey
Union cops cracked the heads of peaceful
protesters that occupied from coast to
coast as the Democratic president turns
his head hey they took the Union away
from the teachers in Wisconsin as a
Democratic president turns his head hey
the Democrats just joined with Trump and
Mitch McConnell to fast-track judges
aren't lifetime appointments you mean
those kind of good things
hey the Democrats just joined with the
Republicans to deregulate Wall Street
again
hey the Democrats just got together the
Republicans to have the most the biggest
bug Pentagon budget in the history 717
billion dollars these are the things
that get together on this is the things
that's so you mean like those that I
don't think she means like those things
you know I gotta say though Jimmy
nothing is more inspiring than having
the same background music they play when
you're on hold on a customer service
line that's that's awesome we thank you
for holding here at the Democratic Party
your right to a democracy is important
to us so now let's play it again
and we will stop and start it it's like
I like big news the DNC just enacted the
biggest reforms to our presidential
nominating process in decades decades
that's good because decades is how long
you guys have been in decline these
reforms will grow the Democratic Party
increase voting participation rebuild
trust rebuild trust Wow you wouldn't
have to rebuild trust if you didn't
cheat the progressive and Bernie Sanders
in the primary that shouldn't even be a
thing rebuild trust you know cuz what we
said in open court that we don't have to
actually listen to the voters and we
don't know we could make it all up in a
cigar smoke filled room that's amazing
okay and put our next Democratic
presidential nominee in the strongest
position possible - oh the strongest
position possible for the Democratic
nominee does that still include propping
up horrible people like Donald Trump and
Ted Cruz does Neven said yet they're not
sure is that what you mean by the best
possible position because that's what
the Hillary Clinton meant the Pied Piper
strategy there are three big changes
we've made and here's the deal on them
number one we're sure the will of the
grassroots determines our party's
nominee by reducing the role that super
delegates have over our presidential
nominees we're reducing the role we're
reducing the influence of
super-delegates they're reducing it
mm-hmm they're not getting rid of them
they're reducing it again how many
super-delegates as a Republican Party
have zero hey we're a bakery and we're
ensuring the finest quality bread
possible by reducing the amounts of mold
that we allow in each loaf I'm reducing
the amount of mold not getting rid of it
because some people like it we can't we
can't be disrespectful to the super mold
spores this were reducing the influence
and I told you I think all this was all
smoke and mirrors what I think this this
but hey we the super-delegates aren't
gonna vote on the first ballot I'm
telling you there's no way they're gonna
allow progressives to take over the
party so what I told you before what my
theory is well what's gonna stop
Elizabeth Warren from running she's
already looks like she's running so it'd
be Elizabeth and Bernie splitting the
progressive vote and then we'll have
some corporatists like Kamala Harris or
a Cory Booker or a Joe Biden
and so Doh buddy gets it on the first
round it'll be like a three-way split so
nobody gets it on the first round it got
to go to the second round
super-delegates pick Cory Booker and
they tell you were a racist if you don't
like him right that's what they'll do
mm-hmm no I just don't like corporatists
I voted for Barack Obama twice I would
vote for Nina Turner Ben Jealous
you know there's lots of lots of
african-americans I'm very fond of and
would love to vote love the opportunity
to vote for them
I wish Cornel West would run for
something no that'd be awesome so let's
get back to this now super-delegates
will refrain from voting on the first
presidential nominating ballot
empowering the grassroots and removing
any doubt about respecting the will of
the people I still have it down you know
because super-delegates still exists and
everything so I still have a bit of a
doubt do you have a doubt rod yeah yeah
yeah that was a bit of a leading part
there in the video like we're removing
all doubt now yeah they're reduced you
didn't remove all doubt you reduce the
doubt a little we're reducing the doubt
as much as we can while still me
reigning corrupt this is okay number two
we're working to get more sensible
primaries and since the whole caucuses
to make them more accessible so they now
watch how they couch this now watch how
they couch this so I know this that
caucuses are actually more beneficial
for Bernie Sanders so they got rid of
those they're getting toward they're
trying to get rid of them and they're
doing things to encourage more primaries
so they only have so much control over
the states what the parties do but
they're making it who watch how they
couch it for some states caucuses are
the only method available to allocate
national convention delegates the
caucuses can present challenges for
voters such as seniors shift workers
students members
and parents of young children who are
pressed for time due to other
responsibilities our forms recommend
that state speak steps to make caucuses
as accessible as possible including
offering absentee voting for voters who
can't make a caucus in person and better
processes for tracking ballots in case
of recounts needed so now here's a
here's a funny thing no I I actually
agree with that I think primaries are
better than caucuses except you have to
keep this in mind caucuses are more
beneficial to progressives for whatever
reason they were for Bernie Sanders
because you have to be really excited to
come out to a caucus you know you have
to be into it right and so people were
into Bernie people not so into Hillary
so what can tell you this from firsthand
experience because of when I lived in
Washington State we do I think they
still caucus up there I'm assuming they
do but when I lived there that they did
and you know during oh wait a lot of the
people that spoke on behalf of the you
know lesser known candidates like Dennis
Kucinich you know somebody spoke on him
I was one of the few people in the
casinos camp we swayed more undecided
people because we were really hammering
home policy and stuff like that when the
person that spoke for iller II basically
just said sorry about Iraq but she's
nice now likely that was it so nobody
was like yeah I think that this person
from Ohio sounds really cool this
Kucinich guy so I mean I can see how a
caucus when you have someone that's
really more policy focused ends up
winning more people over because you're
talking about it with members of your
community in a forum where everybody
listens so so it looks like a bit of a
switch so there couching is that we're
helping working people and seniors and
Bubba and you know what I'm actually for
that I think it if it increases
participate I remember when I was in Des
Moines Iowa they had caucus mm-hmm and I
I was at I was at a Perkins having a
Country Club omelet and I asked the
waitress I said so you're gonna caucus
she said no I have to work and I was
like what do they do about all the
people who are working right now all the
bartenders all the second and third
shift people all that what do they do
they don't get to participate so now
they're trying to make it well
can participate Lisa have to give them
an absentee ballot and and I'm all for
that well I prefer liked and you know I
prefer regular primaries over caucuses -
I'm just saying I could see how a good
this might favour progress yes does seem
aggressive and what I'm saying is so
even though I agree with it it hurts
progressives mm-hmm but I agree with it
cuz I think it's more fair right and
okay so there you go so that's me being
above being a partisan because partisan
liable to go no I want more Cox's but
I'm doing the thing I think is actually
more fair which actually hurts my side
but what the Democrats are doing is
they're couching that as look we
reformed we're out we're doing this for
progressives that you know what I mean
like well we're gonna try to help it
actually helps the establishment to have
more primaries and caucuses well what's
interesting too is is a lot of the
issues they bring up yes that applies to
caucuses but it also applies to voting
in general so why not go a little
further and just say we're gonna work on
voter suppression right okay certified
and this is a big one we want to make
sure that everyone who wants to vote can
vote so we're recommending that all
states offer same-day voter registration
and the ability to register as a
Democrat to vote in Democratic primaries
the DNC is proud of this progress we've
made and we're committed to making 2020
so let me just say those aren't their
big three reforms the first one came
directly from Bernie Sanders get rid of
super-delegates that's the first one and
they didn't even get rid of them they
just reduced their influence by the way
they can still vote for the vice
president on the first ballot and lots
of awful other stuff so they have the
power of 10,000 voters one person so
that's the first thing that came right
that didn't come from the committee then
it come from the party that come from
Tom Perez that came from Bernie Sanders
get rid of the super-delegates voting so
there's that and the other two are just
suggestions like like that's it that
thing about the we're weak encourage you
to do primaries instead of caucuses
that's just a suggestion a it helps the
establishment and her sub progressives
and B it's just a suggestion and the
third thing and this is a big one
we want to make sure that everyone who
wants to vote can vote so we're
recommending that all states offer
same-day voter registration also
recommendation also just a
recommendation we're recommending that's
nice that they're recommending it but
again this aren't real reforms that's
not a reform if you all you could do is
recommend that other bodies reform
themselves that's what they're saying
we're recommending reforms but you can't
make it happen you know and if you want
to vote in New York you have to you have
to if you want to vote in the next
election in New York you would have as a
Democrat in the primary you would have
had to register in 1943 and that's
before because before the world war all
ended so how would you know so yeah it's
like some crazy nine months out you have
to register I forget exactly what it is
I think it's nine months so that again
this is just a suggestion so that's
their the first one came right from
Bernie Sanders and they didn't do it all
the way they just did a half measure
they they don't allow the
super-delegates to vote on the first
ballot just for the presidential that
they can still vote for lots of other
stuff and then the second two are just
to just suggestions right there's a
register of the Democrats to vote in
Democratic primaries the DNC is proud of
this progress yeah so that's it so they
make it sound like hey we did it
we're all reformed because they're not
fully reformed these are just their what
they want you to make you think hey we
did it well Bernie we listen no more
cheating and everything's better it's
not I don't know if you guys remember
this DNC will take fossil fuel buddy
after all they voted two months ago to
ban fossil fuel money at the DNC and
then they'd in secret reversed it so by
the way any of these reforms they can
reverse in secret just like they did
with Obama's reforms before that yeah
that's right and another thing they
don't talk about is this little new rule
by the DNC now you can I don't think you
can read that because it's coming up all
blurry for some reason but I'll tell you
what it says this is this is the new
rule that the
ENC came up with that if you want to run
as a presidential candidate in the
Democratic primary you have to sign this
paper and in this paper it says that the
chairperson of the DNC gets to determine
if you are sufficiently loyal to the
party and he alone will get he or she
will right now it's a he will decide if
you are sufficiently loyal and a good
enough Democrat to run the people don't
get to decide why not put him on the
ticket and see if people vote for him
what are you afraid of this is aimed
directly at Bernie Sanders and doesn't
sound culty at all right sounds creepy
it sounds really creepy sounds really
creepy really creepy and that's what
this is and this is aimed directly at
Bernie Sanders so again they don't talk
about that in that video the Democrats
it'll say oh by the way we had some
stuff that's really pointed at screwing
of progressives so that that's so good
they're not that they do so they do one
step forward two steps back yeah and
that's especially a very big slap in the
face thing to say too because you are
largely an inferior good what I mean by
that is many people still associate with
the Democratic Party because they feel
they have nowhere nowhere else to go so
now you're gonna you're gonna play this
party loyalty game right they don't and
by the way people don't have well so so
one step forward we've reduced the
influence of of super-delegates to steps
backwards taking fossil fuel money and
then they got this new stupid goofy rule
and that's why maybe that's why Bernie
didn't stop those fast-tracking of the
judges in the Senate because all it took
was one senator to stop it and they
didn't nobody did and so this is how
they keep burning in line this is how
they say Bernie but you got to go along
with the party when we tell you then you
can't make us look bad and you can't
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah and you can't you certainly can't
primary corporate Democrats which turn
he's not doing Bernie's endorsing people
who are not running the people he's
endorsing are progressives but they're
not running against corporate Democrats
who are already so that's the big that's
the big difference right mm-hmm
so let's remember in all of this they
we've only primary when I say we I mean
progressives have only primary one
corporate
so for so far Joe Crowley so again I
don't want to dampen the enthusiasm for
progressive politics but Bernie seems to
be putting everything in that basket of
him getting elected yeah I'm a
Democratic Party is staying the same is
what I'm saying mmm that's what I'm
saying we're not getting rid of those
corporate Democrats that's what I mean
yeah I mean I mean it's it's tough
because you know you get happy about
progressive victories or I do like I'm
happy when it happens but then I have
this little inkling concern because I
worry gee we only have so much energy to
spend brand is this the right way to do
it I wish I had I wish all this energy
was going into a new party me too but
right now that's not an option so it's
sort of you know you find yourself in a
in a struggle mentally why can't we do
things like why can't we have a thing
where we have a movement that says cut
the military budget in half and end the
wars and and we march in the streets and
we'd make that have a demand no matter
who's in government because no matter
even if it was a Democrat we'd have to
do the same thing or Trump so I mean
like that that's what I think so I think
a lot of people are going that route
yeah I mean I think the party work
outside of the party framework outside
of electoral politics in general and
just forming task forces and and causes
and sometimes those causes and movements
can involve some electoral politics but
you know it's it's it's circumstantial
what it involves it might just involve
