so this is what's happening they got
this guy this guy's name is George
papadopolis mmm low-level Clinton
campaign guys 30 years old just out of
college Pinker Trump I'm sorry Trump
campaign guy just out of college and so
this is what Glenn Greenwald said about
he predicted what happened he said this
a while ago and he said it's certainly
possible to envision an indictment of a
low-level operative like Carter page or
the prosecution of someone like Paul
Manafort on matters unrelated to hacking
but the silver bullet that Democrats
have been led to expect will sink Trump
appears further away than ever so they
got this guy popping up so that's what
they did they got a low-level operative
this guy george papadapolis and well let
me just show you what they said he did
this is what they say this is what they
say does Papadopoulos met with a
professor from abroad who had
substantial connections to russian
government officials on or around March
14 2016
while Papadopoulos told federal
authorities the meeting came prior to
him joining Trump's campaign it in fact
occurred in early March documents show
after he joined the team the meeting
also came about because of the
professor's interest in Papadopoulos his
role with the Trump camp they again
discussed campaign related matters on
April 26 2016 after Papadopoulos had
been on the campaign team for more than
a month in one email a high-ranking
campaign official forwarded Papadopoulos
his email to another campaign official
and noted the need to communicate that
Trump is not doing these trips and that
they should send someone low level in
the campaign so it's not to send any
signal why not just hire a spy from
England to go meet that's what I would I
would just hire a spy from England to go
meet with them why wouldn't you do that
anyway the timing of when Papadopoulos
found out that Russia had thousands of
emails on Clinton is particularly
noteworthy Papadopoulos found out the
hacked emails existed in April 2016 the
leaked emails hacked from democratic
national committee staffers account
weren't made public until July 2016 so
you see the timeline there he knew about
some emails that the Russians had in
April and then the hack wasn't made
public until July 2016 and the emails
hacked from John Podesta Clinton's
campaign chairman weren't released until
October so that the thing is how did he
know if he wasn't well we don't know
what those emails were that the Russian
we'd I haven't seen them wouldn't even
know that Russia has those emails yet so
we don't know what they're even talking
about but what the guy is being charged
with is lying yeah they're saying he was
not honest about the timeline he falsely
told yes yeah like he lied he lied about
meeting with this Russian with this
professor who turned out to be a Russian
agent so he said no he's just a
professor turns out he was also a
Russian agent and so they got him lying
about that that's what he's lying about
that he met with the guy low-level guy
in the Trump campaign just says Glenn
Greenwald predicted so this is from the
Chicago Tribune yeah Glenn Greenwald has
a much better crystal ball than a Chuck
Schumer box yeah yeah thrown that out
there Chuck Schumer should borrow Glenn
Greenwald's crystal balls so this is
from the this is from the Tribune months
ago put this out three days after Donald
Trump named his campaign foreign policy
team in March 2016 the youngest of the
new advisers sent an email to seven
campaign officials with the subject line
meeting with Russian leadership
including Putin so that's that guy
Papadopoulos sent that email to people
inside the Trump campaign the advisor
George papadopolis offered to set up a
meeting between us and the Russian
leadership to discuss u.s. Russian ties
under President Trump end quote telling
them his Russian contacts welcomed the
opportunity
according to internal campaign emails
read by the read to The Washington Post
the proposal sent a ripple of concern so
when this guy says hey let's do this
let's meet with the Russians who want to
have reached out and want to meet with
us because they have dirt on Hillary
Clinton
that that proposal that that guy said
sent a ripple of concern through the
campaign headquarters in Trump Tower
campaign co-chairman Sam Clovis wrote
that he thought NATO allies should be
consulted before any plans were made
that's according to the Chicago Tribune
another Trump advisor beat a retired
Navy Rear Admiral Charles Kubek cited
legal concerns including a possible
violation of US sanctions against Russia
and of the Logan Act which prohibits you
at citizens from unauthorized
negotiations with foreign governments
but you know they have impure thoughts
that they among those to express concern
about the effort was then campaign
chairman Paul Manafort who rejected in
May 26 a proposal from Papadopoulos for
Trump to do so so this guy recommends to
the Trump campaign we do this everybody
inside the Trump campaign that we know
of so far said this is concerning let's
not do this let's talk to NATO first and
Manta Ford turns it down this is what
Glenn Greenwald so Jeremy Scahill
tweeted out of course Russia wants to
interfere in US elections as the US does
to them Papadopoulos case shows that
questions is if Trump officials colluded
Glenn tweets out Twitter shockingly is
drowning in claims of self vindication
here's some actual rational analysis and
key questions on Papadopoulos his case
so let's move on on March 24th Clovis
the campaign co-chairman who also served
on the foreign policy team reacted to
one proposition run proposed Russia
meeting by writing we thought we
probably should not go forward with any
meeting with the Russians until we have
had occasion to sit with our NATO allies
sounds like he's not keeping it a secret
mm-hmm right no sounds like he would
tell everybody about it before they went
right in the same email chain Kubek the
retired Admiral reminded others about
legal restrictions on meetings with
certain officials adding just want to
make sure that no one on the team out
runs their headlights and embarrasses
the
campaign so this young guy Papadopoulos
is pushing for a meeting with Russian
people to get dirt on Hillary Clinton
smart the smart thing would have been
higher English spy to go meet with the
people and then everything's on the
up-and-up but again there's no evidence
yet that anybody from the Trump campaign
might with anybody
although okay Russia has been eager to
meet with mr. Trump for some time and
have been reaching out to me to discuss
the adviser told mana fort
Manta fort reacted coolly forwarding the
email to his associate Rick Gates with a
note we need someone to communicate that
Donald Trump is not doing these trips
yeah so it seems like a young guy had
something where he was like hey I got
this thing I'm pretty stoked and then
everyone else was like oh hold up yeah
dude you know it's pretty much yeah this
could get us in trouble we have to
handle this correctly all the senior
people seem to be saying that that's
what it seems like hmm from this Tribune
article the Russian international so get
this this is very interesting the
Russian international affairs council
that's a thing or it's called react
Russian International Affairs Council
was created in 2010 by a decree of then
President Dmitry Medvedev as a project
of various Russian government agencies
it is led by former foreign minister
Igor Ivanov its boards include Russia's
current Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov
as well as top Russian scholars and
business leaders among them the chairman
of Alpha bank and sure bank two of
Russia's largest bank now the important
thing to know about sure bank sure bank
is represented by the Podesta group just
so you know the Podesta group you know
John Podesta founded the Podesta group
John Podesta Hillary Clinton's campaign
manager they were working with sure Bank
the group he founded and now Tony
Podesta has resigned from the Podesta
group did you know that
so there you go they're all cut so it's
one big group it's a little big big club
and you ain't in it as George Carlin
says so they set this thing up but they
do it but they they have the Oh who's on
the and who gave a half a million
dollars to Clinton to Bill Clinton
personally we discussed the idea
informally as one of the opportunities
for dialogue between Russia and the u.s.
react often hosts meetings with
prominent political figures and experts
from the United States and many other
countries so that's the Tribune talking
so to put this together and pop it up it
up it the evidence seems to be that that
guy was screwing up and he lied to the
FBI and just as Glenn Greenwald
predicted they would get this and just
as we predicted there's all kind of
corruption happening with manna fort and
the truck just like there's just again
just like Dylan Ratigan has made clear
that the Clinton Foundation taking
millions of dollars from foreign
governments was graft and so it's a big
so that's why I point that out and by
the way Paul manna Ford who's now
indicted for not registering as a
foreign agent among other things as he
was working for Russian government guess
who was working with him
the Podesta group Paul Manafort funneled
a million dollars to the Podesta group
from Russian government and they lied
about it
the Podesta group when I say lied I mean
when they filed with the government they
filed incorrectly on purpose to hide
where they got their money from because
if you get your money from a foreign
government register as a foreign agent
and they didn't tweet so we showed you
that story before
they didn't register as a foreign agent
so they got this guy they got man afford
they got man afford for money laundering
they got man afford for money laundering
let me show you that this is from the
indictment on mana Ford and it says
right down here as a part of the scheme
in February 2012 mana Ford and gates
solicited to Washington DC firms so they
were working just so you know what part
of the indictment I'm Paul Manafort is
that he was working on behalf of a
foreign government Ukraine which is
pro-russian which was Viktor Yanukovych
and you're supposed to register as a
foreign agent when you do that cuz but
he didn't and he and guess what else
happened so as a part of the scheme in
February 2012 man affording gates
solicited to Washington DC firms company
a and Company B to lobby in the United
States on behalf of Yanukovych the Party
of Regions and the government of Ukraine
for instance gates wrote that to company
a that it would be representing the
government of Ukraine and Washington DC
company a is the Podesta group so let me
read that to you this way man affording
gates this is up the top and man
affording gates engaged in multi-million
dollar lobbying campaign in the United
States at the direction of Yanukovych
the Party of Regions and the government
of the Ukraine all pro Russia man
affording Gates did so without
registering and providing the
disclosures required by law as part of
the scheme in February 2012 man
affording Gates solicited to Washington
DC firms companies a which is John
Podesta I mean Tony Podesta the Podesta
group as part of the scheme in February
2012 man affording Gates solicited the
Podesta group to lobby in the United
States on behalf of Yanukovych the party
of regions and the government of Ukraine
so what does this tell you so that's
Trump's campaign manager working with
the foundation that Clinton's campaign
manager found and run by his brother and
they're all working for a pro for
Russian government pro-russian
government they're all doing it and
they're armed
making millions of dollars doing it and
they're lying to the government of the
United States about it so that's what
this what this Russia story really tells
us and what the uranium one story tells
us is that it's a big club and you ain't
in it that all these oligarchs are just
shifting money around to each other
selling influence and they've got no
allegiance to country I feel like
there's a show that's been saying that
for almost a year now
what's show with that time I can't put
my finger on it
 YouTube show I think I think so
I think it's some YouTube shows
but saying this for about a year
mmm-hmm yeah I'm about a year now yeah I
mean I I must I mean the man afford part
of all this it almost seems like we
can't just get this 30 year-old kid here
we need something else so we need worse
I think they just need to have every
white-collar criminal in the u.s. just
work for Trump for a couple weeks that
would be the way we could somehow spin
all this wouldn't that be nice yeah
point if all white-collar corruption
gets exposed if they just are affiliated
with Donald Trump we could just have the
people at Goldman Sachs go to work for
Trump just give ya cuz metaphor didn't
work for him that long yeah late as many
people as possible Flynn only work for
the Trump campaign for 32 days yeah they
got him mm-hmm so it'd be nice yes
so that's to me the real story is this
the real story is it's a big club and
you ain't in it and this is all
Clinton campaign and the Trump campaign
were both working according we're both
working with the Kremlin to get dirt on
each other and now they're saying that
Trump technically did it incorrectly
that's that that's the story so you try
to sell that to half the country when
you try to impeach the president you go
yeah both though campaigns worked with
the Kremlin but one did it a little
shadier than the other so we're gonna
we're gonna impeach her and get rid of
our government you go ahead and try to
sell that there's a little bit more to
that the in the indictment unsealed this
morning this is from the intercept the
indictment unsealed this morning found
that man afford laundered this is this
is what he really did 18 million dollars
through offshore accounts
earn while working for corrupt former
ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych
and he funneled a billion of those
dollars to the Podesta group that's a
lot of money to launder huh mm-hmm
man affording gates concealed this
overseas work in Ukraine and use the
offshore accounts to purchase this is
this is this is how the scam works this
is how they money launder in the United
States so this that's why I'm telling
you this isn't that interesting but this
it's interesting enough to know how it
works so what they would do is they
would purchase multimillion-dollar
properties in the United States with the
money they got from the foreign
governments and then they would borrow
against those properties so then man
afford then borrowed millions of dollars
in loans using the properties as
collateral thereby obtaining cash in the
United States without reporting and
paying taxes on the income so he take he
gets a piece of property and then he
turns that into a loan you don't have to
write you don't have to say well that
money came from the bank the bank's
loaning me the money mm-hmm see that's
how that works
so the indictment outlines a fairly
common money-laundering technique create
an offshore company to accept foreign
money and use that company to purchase
American property then take a loan out
against that property that's how that I
didn't know that's how they did it did
you know that's pretty that's why it'd
be pretty easy the loan enables the
person to have full access to the money
without having paid taxes or disclose
the source of the income money
laundering and then the in in the New
York real estate world has become so
ubiquitous that it is likely driving up
the price of high-end properties so
again you're gonna prosecute somebody in
the Trump campaign for something
everybody does I'm not saying it's not
illegal but that's like prosecuting just
one banker after the crash and it
happens to be the guy work for Trump you
know what I'm saying do you see how
horrible this looks mm-hmm
a recent Treasury Department estimate
suggests nearly a third of all such
properties were obtained sub sufficiency
a recent Treasury Department estimate
suggests nearly a third of all such
properties were obtained suspiciously
suspiciously that's a lot of properties
yeah so the dubious home equity loans
were critical
the scheme they became the manner in
which man afford converted Ukrainian
earnings into cash he could use in the
United States while avoiding taxes our
reporting so there you go I wonder if
the Podesta group also did that didn't
report they didn't report it as foreign
agents we know that I wonder if they did
any money laundering who knows
so that's the Pathet so that's the
takeaway from today the takeaway is it's
a big club in Ewing in it and we just
interviewed John Kerry Kerry aku
Kuryakin I said it right here yaku so he
was the CI whistleblower who told
everybody that the CIA was doing torture
and then they put him in prison and he's
one of the founding members of VIPs
remember that whole Iraq thing Hipps was
the group that had it right yeah that's
right so he's a founding member of VIPs
VIPs had it right about the Iraq war I
don't know if he's a founding member
he's a head he's one of the top guys in
dips he might be a budding member but
he's one of the top guys and VIPs and he
told us we just had him on the show you
could watch that video and you know how
we've been sitting here for a year going
when they said colluded what do you mean
collude what do you mean collude nobody
would say what they meant so now well my
personal conversations the definition of
collusion is come on Ron yeah that's the
definition I've been given so now when
it came out that the Hillary Clinton
campaign literally hired a guy in
England to work for them and he went and
he got information from people inside
the Kremlin just like they claimed Trump
did so they claimed Trump got damaging
emails on Hillary Clinton from inside
the Kremlin well guess what the Clinton
campaign got damaging info that they put
in that dossier from people inside the
Kremlin and we just had John Kerry echo
all right I said hurry a coup Kerry a
coup we just had him on the CIA
whistleblower and I said am I crazy cuz
I don't see that big of a difference
there I said because the Clinton
campaign paid the Russians for it and
Trump didn't is that the distinction and
he says yes and he said that's a
distinction without a difference and
that's just what it looks like to me and
that
just what it looks like to Ron and I'm
like this looks to me like they both did
the same thing if Trump even did what
they're saying he did they colluded with
people inside the Kremlin to
back-channel decking negative
information about their political
opponent they both did the same thing I
and I was like so I know I'm missing
something I must be crazy because
everyone else is reporting this
