five four three two one
boom and we're live thanks for doing
this man I appreciate it
hey thank you for having me I appreciate
that he's the only guy I've ever had in
the studio where when I showed up you
were working out that's what I do mask
my life that's my life it's pretty crazy
though I mean how much time did you have
when you got here I got here about an
hour early oh yeah okay so I got here
shirt off doing chin up hilarious I
think if I camera out in time for you
song I wanted to take some pictures well
maybe next time
next time well catch you after the show
you are a guide that for a lot of people
you sort of embody the idea of hardening
your mind and figuring out a way to do
things that most people think are
impossible
all right let's you've sort of become
that guy over your life and you've
become that guy for a lot of people
including me online we've talked about
you on the podcast a ton of times so
having you in here has been it's very
exciting to me I appreciate that thank
you how'd you become that guy you know
what I grew up not that guy yeah so a
lot of people put a title on me they
want to they see me now they see me now
as the guy that with his shirt off who
can do 4030 pull-ups in 17 hours you can
run tours in five miles in 39 hours who
can do all this crazy [ __ ] but what they
don't understand is they don't
understand the journey that it took me
to get to this point and what got me to
this point was I was just the opposite
everything the day I was that guy who
ran away from absolutely everything that
I got in front of me but not many people
knew that I had two people at the like
the real me was like this very scared
insecure stuttering got beat up by his
dad all this kind of stuff and I built
this fake person that walked around like
my [ __ ] didn't stink you know you know
that yeah so that was that's kind of how
I did it and I do the process of time I
realized that I was lying to myself and
lying to people but that it's a
fascinating journey though because
you are that guy now Ryan you genuinely
are legit badass right at one point in
time you were a legit terrified person
yes so what was the process like how did
how did you step forth well it's a it's
a long process right um I my dad beat
the [ __ ] I mean was growing up we I was
the first black baby born in this
hospital called Millard Fillmore in
Buffalo New York my dad owned skating
rinks he owned bars he ran prostitutes
from Canada to Buffalo New York my dad
was a big-time pimp big-time anything
bad about a person
big-time hustler he was American you
know that I'm with them Denzel
Washington he was that but not that bad
right yeah he wasn't that big but that's
what it reminds me of he was that kind
of guy and beat the [ __ ] out of me did
she help you no I love my mom there was
an instant one time when my mom got
knocked out on top of stairs and they
drug her down the stairs by her hair at
six years old
I'll never forget this in my mind I was
always afraid my whole life I was afraid
but I had this [ __ ] voice this this
conscience that would always be battling
me said hey you got to get up and do
something I didn't want to do [ __ ] you
know I was just afraid but I would that
that voice would forced me to get up and
my dad you know I try to beat him up
whatever at six and I get my ass kicked
so this went on for several years and I
have a big time learning disability can
my dad didn't believe in us going to
school so my dad it was about the
business the skating rink in the bar so
this game you open about seven o'clock
at night and this is when time I was
able to walk so about five you know four
or five six years old eight nine and I
go to the skating rink it's ten o'clock
at night and I worked the skating rink
until 10:00 at night and then we would
scrape the gum off the floors and we
cleaned the whole skating rink up and
then my dad at the office and my brother
and myself asleep in the office and my
mama go upstairs and worked the bar
until three o'clock in the morning and
then they cleaned the bar up so after
all that [ __ ] was done with going to
school really happened so when I went to
school I was all kind of you know my
learning disability I had social anxiety
I was just a jacked up kid from living
in this tour
at home from the outside looking in we
live in the all-white neighborhood and
then we would travel to the ghetto of
Buffalo New York with the skating rink
was that so we you know we worked around
mostly blacks and I lived around mostly
White's but no one knew what was going
on the house that on 201 Paradise Road
yeah it's crazy but um my mom got
courage to finally leave him when I was
by 8 years old we moved to a small town
in Brazil Indiana and that's when the
real war started for me and Brazilian is
a small town great people a lot of great
people and I say that because like
people get offended and I'm gonna get to
the point where they get offended there
was about maybe 10 black families at
about 10,000 people in the town and in
1995 the KKK marched in the 4th of July
parade so this was a not every bar was
racist there's a lot of good people some
the best people I knew was there but
there's also a lot of racism there so me
being one of the few black kids net you
know in the area you know it kind of
haunts you I had stuff on my notebook
you know [ __ ] we're gonna kill you on
my Spanish notebook they had that on my
car [ __ ] this is early 90s and so even
though I sold it didn't hurt me
it was jacking me up so all the
insecurities I have when I was a kid
with my father I moved into this area
here and it just got worse and worse and
worse and it [ __ ] haunted me and that
voice that talked about it kept talking
louder and louder and louder I was doing
nothing about it and I decided to make
moves and I cheated all through school
and it's kind of humbling to talk with
my stories sometimes in this um it's
also embarrassing but it's real it's who
the [ __ ] I am is what I am is what
created me and copy from the fourth
grade to the to my junior year in high
school on every assignment and I want to
get in the military I'm gonna join the
airforce and the guy gave me an as vapp
test as I could water down SAT and I
couldn't copy on it because the guy
beside me how to test a test B they got
him I write he had test C so I looked
the copy on this test and I couldn't
copy on so I got like a 20 and I wanted
to be an Air Force pararescueman it's
guys that jump out of airplanes and save
down pilots it's a
it's a special operator in the Air Force
and my squirt was so horribly low that
is we take it again
and he said hey I got an 18 the second
time even worse I need to get a 50 out
of a 99 and so a mom and I for a while
we lived in the government subsidized
apartments seven dollars a month and
also food stamps and we slowly moved up
to a $230 a month place but at the time
you know we you know pretty poor but um
my mom afforded enough money for me to
go to see a tutor one one hour a week so
for four hours a month it had six months
to study from our last test I can only
take the best you know the answer to
test three times and I studied my ass
off and passed it I got in the Air Force
and realized there was more things in
front of me I was afraid of water
terrified the water and I've learned how
to swim but what gets everybody in this
training in all special ops training is
the water confidence where they try to
pretty much drowned your ass you know
all of our lives we've been breathing
and they take that from you and they
want to see how comfortable you are in
the water and there's a 1%
african-americans in Special Operations
and I didn't know anything about African
like a lot of them are negative buoyant
which I am because the bone density I
struggled but I'm six weeks into the
program there was about 25 guys left of
about 150 I was there and I was never I
didn't gonna sleep for six weeks of the
program and I wanted to quit so badly
but I quit everything in my life I
copied through school I want to prove
people wrong and so here I am in this
Air Force program start to get a little
more confidence but this water was
kicking my ass
and six weeks in the program the doctor
gave me a blood test and must have
sickle-cell sickle cell trait not the
anemia but I still killed people but so
they pulled me out training for a week
and when you go from being very
uncomfortable in that water situation
and then now you're comfortable and I'm
sitting back watching the guys drown I'm
not you know I'm not part of the
activities anymore for this week I don't
want to get back in that damn water
again so the fear overcame in all my
insecurities for my dad from this small
town from everything started coming back
and even though no one knew how [ __ ]
up I was kind of create this other
person
tough I live with this [ __ ] all time so
mean I wouldn't go back in that water
the doctor called me a backup I thought
to get like a like a medical kick out of
the military so no quitting for me they
kicked me out so I can have some pride
the doctor said no I'm kidding you know
we could put you back in the training
and I was like [ __ ] but after a week I'm
like you know what I missed one week
there's only three weeks left there's a
good chance you know I could tough this
[ __ ] out and go on but I went back to
the CEO and the commanding officer of
the program and the sergeant said hey
you gotta start from day one because you
missed you know that that week of
training and I broke
I broke I couldn't imagine going back
through that again
so I made up a lie and I said man
there's sickle-cell things really
scaring me it was the [ __ ] water it
wasn't sickle cell and and I pretty much
quit even though they gave me a medical
and I quit so um from the age of 19 days
of 22 I went into the job called tack
pee where you control fast movers behind
enemy lines cool job but there's no
water I was afraid of water so I've
avoided it and I gained 125 pounds in
that time frame
I went from 175 to almost 300 to 297 was
my heaviest and I started finding things
that was comfortable and the more things
I found comfortable the more
uncomfortable my mind was because that
voice I was telling you about it always
was there I was trying to avoid that
conscience I wanted to be left alone
from that conscience and it wouldn't
leave me alone so I got out of the Air
Force and I started working for a job
called ecolab respray for cockroaches at
24 and I'm spraying at different staking
sheiks Red Lobster whatever from 11
o'clock at night at 7 o'clock in the
morning and what changed I came home and
watch this Discovery Channel show class
224 I came home from Steak N Shake I
sprayed it down last get a big ol large
42 ounce shake walk across the street
and get a box of mini doughnuts from
7-eleven you never drive home for 45
minutes this big old fat guy who yeah I
worked out but I was fat I didn't run
didn't PT I just hit the gym so I'm
driving
home turn the TV on and what comes on
Discovery Channel so and that's what
everything changed for me I was taking a
shower I walked out heard these guys and
I watched the show and it made me
reflect big-time on the piece of [ __ ]
that I am and I'm exactly what people
said I was going to be so so what was on
this show that really struck home it was
um I saw these guys going into water so
I was terrified of it I can't even
express have you ever had a big fear and
I know a lot of fighters have fears and
stuff like that but they get over them
but all of us have these fears that you
just don't want to [ __ ] face and um I
have a lot of them had a lot of them and
that's what created the person who's in
front of today and we'll get into that
but I'm just a scared [ __ ] is what I
was and but I was watching these guys
going through hell week class 2:24 and
these guys ringing the bell quitting
dropping their helmet down rolling out a
lot of guys is leaving and it made me
reflect on my fears my insecurities and
I saw real men when I thought were real
men who were staying who were overcoming
adversity who were overcoming all these
different things that I had blamed so
many [ __ ] people in my life my dad my
mom for not being there when I was 14
years old my my mama's would get
remarried to this great guy he got
murdered and then I moved back to a
small town in Brazil and and I everybody
was a blame my learned disability my my
skin color you know me being everything
and so I sat there for a while and I was
like man I gotta [ __ ] I got it
no one's gonna [ __ ] come to help me
no one's gonna [ __ ] come to help me
his [ __ ] me against me period and I'm
so I had to man up and I said first
thing I started doing is facing every
[ __ ] fear I have no matter what the
[ __ ] it is man and these things would
keep me up and that no one people who
are here in this [ __ ] day they will
never really understand and grasp when
you face these things and so many things
how they keep you up and haunts you at
night I think there's a lot of people
out there that know what you're talking
about I mean and so that's what it did
and I had two options to either be that
300-pound guy who spray for cockroaches
and
thousand dollars a month and at 24 years
old knowing we're not 50 [ __ ] years
old I can reflect on this and think
about what God never became or I can
totally just sack it up and fail and
fail and fail entire succeed so I
started calling recruiters up I said
we'll be a [ __ ] Navy SEAL and every
recruiter so there's a weight and height
so they weigh weight and height limit to
get in the military and I was 6 foot 1
and to 97 and I had prior service which
was a big deal so I called all these
recruiters up and all of them said hey
how tall are you bla bla they got into
conversation and see if I even qualified
and by the time I got to my weight phone
we were hanging up pretty much like hey
you know what call somebody else you
know try to get in the reserves so I
tried to get in the reserves and I
called this guy named Steven salad your
recruiter up and he said hey come on in
he saw me put me through the weight
standard all the sort of stuff and to
get into the class I had to get into how
to lose 106 pounds in less than 3 months
so I was like [ __ ] that I can't do that
I grabbed my chocolate milkshake and
went back to Ecolab I'm going back to
work man this is my life
so in this job you look you know you're
looking for cockroach she's looking for
rodents and stuff like that and this
next morning or this next night I went
to work and I hit the all-night
cockroaches too much I hit the mother
lode of cockroaches and this restaurant
got full of cockroaches and rodents and
everything else and I sat there and said
this is my life I said this is my life
you are exactly who the [ __ ] that this
is it and I said this ain't gonna be it
for me so in that restaurant I quit my
job left my canister in that restaurant
my spray canister got back in my ecolab
truck and I went home and I started
working out like somebody I was I became
the most obsessed person on the planet
Earth that was basically I had to invent
a guy that didn't exist I had to invent
a guy that can take any pain any
suffering any kind of judgment be called
[ __ ] be called whatever the [ __ ] in
the world and be understanding the
[ __ ] room and said go [ __ ] yourself I
had it built the I had to build this
callous mind and I built it to suffering
I built it to downright [ __ ] just
crushing myself if it was raining
outside three o'clock in the [ __ ]
morning feeling the first instinct is
don't go out there and do [ __ ] my
instinct was we gotta [ __ ] go out
there anything that was [ __ ] horrible
in my life that I would normally say no
that was inhumane that most people I had
to go do it and I started callous in my
mind at this point in my life and I lost
the weight I lost the weight and I went
back to recruiter I got into that class
and I went through three Navy sohail
weeks in one year only God ever be in
three hell weeks in one year after my
knowledge the first one I didn't make it
through the next two I did and that I
just didn't stop anymore from there
and I started realizing through this
through this process that the [ __ ]
mind is what you created and I started
opening different doors that I didn't
think we're even there they didn't think
even existed and the more doors are
opening up the more I start realizing
that my potential is damn near endless
and it changed my whole mindset so I
went from David Goggins and I created
Goggins and that journey is a priceless
journey that is hard for me to explain
to people because it sounds so quick and
easy that guy's lost this weight and I
went through three healthiest I went to
Ranger school went to Delta Force Lexus
whatever it is it was brutal it's a
brutal journey every [ __ ] day and if
ever less what are you happy
if anybody knows my life story and I try
to give you a just a snippet of it where
I'm at two days in front of Joe Rogan
telling you my life to get through what
I became to get to where I'm at now
there's nothing but pride I have for
myself that I can't really I can't
really show people because I have this
face and a space that they see like are
you happy what's wrong with you I'm
driven I'm obsessed and that's what you
see that's it people need to hear this
story
this is a this is an exciting story for
people because there's a lot of people
out there that feel trapped and they
feel stuck and they feel like they can't
do anything this is who they are you're
a guy who felt that exact same way but
figured out how to not be that person
and be a person
you would admire how did you what were
the first steps like you had some slips
before right because you you quit
because of the water thing right but
then when you went back the second time
and you decide you're going to lose all
that weight and you quit that job did
did you was it just straight forward
from there or whether there's some days
where you just failed and then you
picked it back up again so my first run
when I decided to lose the weight I was
like I said 297 I was about thirty two
percent body fat and I went my idea was
to run four miles for my first run I
didn't know how bad it's gonna [ __ ]
hurt me I used to run before I was fat
and I was like [ __ ] it I can do this I
ran a quarter mile and walked home I
walked home and sat on my couch and
cried I miss my mom's house who was
about 40 about maybe 20 minutes down the
road and cried and getting her couch
saying I can't [ __ ] do this I don't
know what I'm gonna do I just got
somebody pregnant my life was this
[ __ ] I was making $1,000 a month my
rent was 8/10 a month and my mind just
kept [ __ ] with me and kept [ __ ]
you're not good enough man this isn't
for you man these guys are best mother
[ __ ] on the planet Earth you not that
and what it was and it's kind of funny I
