five four three two one
hello Jordan Peterson hello mr. Rogan
hey very spiffy today thank you sir if
this is a new look for you you've been
rocking these a lot of these big
gigantic what do you call those things
those concerts you guys are doing what
are you with speeches
well lectures discussions as I think of
them as yeah yes I'm discussing I mean
you might think it's kind of perverse to
be discussing with a three thousand
person audience but it's not because if
you pay attention to the audience
they're constantly and the individuals
in the audience they're constantly
providing feedback so it's a discussion
as far as I'm concerned feedback in
applause laughter sometimes they shout
things out too or a shuffling shuffling
yeah well really what you want if you're
on track if you're where you should be
then it's dead silent and everyone's
focused and listening and so if that's
not happening I mean you know there can
be laughter or that kind of thing but
generally speaking you don't want to
hear noise from the audience
so if you're if you're onner if you're
pursuing a complicated topic and you're
paying attention and I'm always looking
at individual people in the audience you
know when the first few rows because
that's all I can see because of the
lights I'm trying to make sure that
everyone's on track with the talk and
you know there's people gesture with
their face and they gesture with their
eyes and they shake their head and they
nod and there's lots of things to pick
up and if you're not speaking with notes
you can really pay attention to the
audience and then you know if you're in
the dialog and that's where everyone
wants to be yeah it's an interesting
thing you're doing because you have
experience in doing that with lectures
and colleges and universities but now
it's the general public and people just
pay to see it
and you fill up these huge gigantic
theaters I mean I've seen some of the
places that you guys are doing it you
and Sam just got done doing one in
Vancouver and huge places antutu that's
right yeah back-to-back and yeah so it
was about five hours of intense
discussion over two days and you know we
were supposed to talk for an hour each
night and then go to Q&A
but we asked the audience Brett
Weinstein who was moderating ask the
audience if they wanted to go to QA or
continue the discussion and you know
that the response from the crowd was
definitely continued the discussion and
so we ended up talking for about two and
a half hours each night and again it was
the audience is along for the ride
mm-hmm you know and they were good
discussions as far as I'm concerned you
know it was kind of marketed as a take
down in some sense Harris versus
Peterson right but the discussion itself
was an attempt on Sam's part and my part
to further our thinking about the topic
and to bring everyone along for the ride
you know for the journey so to speak
yeah well you guys had two podcasts that
you did over the phone so this these
were the first meetings that you guys
had in person yeah it was the first time
I'd met Sam he said the first one that
you two had was marred by this
discussion about what is truth yeah and
it was a Lex a strange sort of you got
stuck you guys got kind of stuck in that
first conversation but I felt like the
second one was much better yes you mean
both of you kind of recognized there
were some errors made in the first
podcast yeah we ordered in on a
definition and yeah let it go and so
that wasn't so good yeah and I wasn't in
tip-top shape for that first discussion
well over for the second one for that
matter
mmm but they've been getting each
discussion I've had with Sam has been
getting better so as far as I'm
concerned and I think he feels the same
way and I mean we're chart we're trying
to sort something out that's really
really difficult and it's the
relationship between facts and values
which is parallel to the relationship
between say objective truth and a
narrative or parallel to the distinction
between scientific fact and religious
truth all of those things sort of are
layered on top of each other and it's an
extraordinarily difficult topic and so
it's not surprising that it's taking all
of this discussion to even vaguely get
it straight it's been a central bone of
contention among philosophers for well
probably forever but certainly since the
time of David Hume several hundred years
well what are the more fascinating
things is coming out of the realm of
podcasting is these kind of discussions
these long-form
live discussions in front of enormous
groups of people where you go over very
complex issues it's a new thing I mean
and it's it's something that's greatly
received by the public which is really
interesting I'm yeah you guys are
selling out all over the place yeah well
one one one I've really been trying to
make sense of this a because I'm
thinking well what the hell is going on
why why am i selling out 3,000 person
auditoriums and then and then but not
just me obviously Sam is doing it and
you're doing something on a larger scale
but very similar with your long-form
podcasts and and and then there's this
whole rise of what Barry Weiss described
is the intellectual dark web that's
actually Eric Weinstein is coinage and
so there's a group of us that would be
sort of clumped together for reasons
that aren't obvious but I've been trying
to figure that out as I do these
lectures another thing I'm doing with
the lectures or the discussions is
trying to continually further the
development of my ideas I use the the
stage let's say as a as a opportunity in
real time to think and I've been
thinking well if you're surfing you
don't confuse yourself with the wave
right that's that's a real mistake you
might be on top of the wave but you're
not the wave and I think this long-form
discussion and the public hunger for
that is best conceptualized like that
there's a technological revolution it's
a deep one the technological revolution
is online video and audio immediately
accessible to everyone all over the
world and so what that's done is it turn
it's turned the spoken word into a tool
that has the same reach as the printed
word so it's a Gutenberg revolution in
the domain of video and audio and it
might be even deeper than the original
Gutenberg Revolution because it isn't
obvious how many people can read but
lots of people can listen and now it
turns out so I mean you got a little bit
of that with TV right and you got a
little bit of it written with radio but
there was bandwidth limitations that
were really stringent especially in TV
where you could get 30 seconds if you
were lucky and six minutes if you were
stellar to to elucidate a complicated
argument so you can't do that everything
gets compressed to it to a kind of
oversimplified entertainment but now all
of a sudden
we have this forum for long-form
discussion real long-form discussion and
turns out that everyone is way smarter
than we thought right we can have these
discussions publicly and there's a great
hunger for it and I see this parallel so
and this would be what would you call it
supporting evidence for this hypothesis
the same things happened in the
entertainment world because you know TV
made us think well we can handle the 20
minute sitcom or maybe we can handle it
an hour and a half made-for-tv movie but
then Netflix came along and HBO as well
with the bandwidth restrictions gone and
all of a sudden it turned out that no no
we can handle 40 hour complex
multi-layered narratives where the
character shift where the complexity
starts to reach the same complexity as
great literature and there's a massive
market for it and so it turns out that
we're smarter than our technology
revealed to us and I think those of us
who've been placed in this intellectual
dark web group you know there's some
things we have in common we more or less
have independent voices because we're
not beholden to any corporate masters
except peripherally and we've been
operating in this long-form space and
the technology has facilitated that and
so all of a sudden it turns out that
there's more to people than we thought
and thank God for that I'm I'm
struggling with I want to I don't want
to use the word hate there seems to be a
non acceptance or a resistance to the
idea that anything of quality could come
out of this group of people it's really
interesting to me and I'm wondering why
when I listen to you speak or Sam or
Eric or any these people Ben or Dave and
I hear very interesting points and I'm
like why are people resisting that these
are interesting points why are they
resisting this and I think there's a lot
of people that are beholden to
mainstream organizations whether it's
newspapers or magazines or television
shows that feel trapped I think they
feel trapped by this format that they're
stuck in it's a very limiting format and
it's a format that in my opinion is like
I mean it might as well be smoke signals
or ham radio or something
it's [ __ ] it's dumb you know this
this idea that you gonna go to
commercials every 15 minutes and you
know and in between you have 15 people
arguing I mean I watched a panel on CNN
once and I think we counted 10 people
that we're trying to talk during this
five-minute segment I'm like who what
genius thought that it would be a good
idea to get ten people struggling for
air time barking over each other no
one's saying anything that makes any
sense because everybody's talking over
and trying to stand out and trying to
say the most outrageous things and I'm
seeing like some of the resistance to
this when we spend I mean pretty far
you know from Sam and I lean more left
and Ben leans more right and you're what
you would call a classic liberal and
Eric's very difficult to define and
Brett is fiercely progressive I mean
these are Brett in particular is a very
left-wing guy but this desire to label
and to have this diminishing label is
like all right or you know right-wing or
fascist is it's very strange to me well
there's a couple of things going on I
think one of them is that the
technological transformation that I laid
out and then the other is that I do
believe that especially for the radical
leftist types the whole notion of free
speech among individuals is not only
anathema but also something that isn't
possible within their framework of
reference I've been trying to think this
through very carefully because you know
free speech in some sense has become
identified as a right-wing issue and I
thought well how the hell did that
happen and then I thought oh yes well if
you're radically left and you're playing
the identity politics game there's
actually no such thing as free speech
because you're only the mouthpiece of
your group whether you know it or not
so you don't get to talk as Jill Rogen
you get to talk is like Joe Rogan
patriarchal white guy and that's it and
your audiences aren't a reflection of
your own opinions as an individual but
they're an attempt on your part whether
you know it or not to justify your
position in the power hierarchy and so
everything right now and this is where
the technology and the death of the main
stream media and and this and this
political polarization all unite
everything is turned into a political
conversation in the in the mainstream
media and media and it has to be cast as
left versus right and if you're
criticizing the left then all of a
sudden you're right and right-wing and
it has to be about politics it's like
well it doesn't have to be a pulp
politics it could be about philosophy it
doesn't have to be cast in political
terms and and then it's also subject to
a form of well it's made more stupid
than it has to be by these terrible
bandwidth limitations like I mean I've
been on mainstream TV talk shows and
it's very strange experience because
you're definitely content you know
Marshall McLuhan said the medium is the
message right the medium shapes the
dialogue and it doesn't in great and
great in in a tremendous way powerful
way you go on a TV talk show and maybe
it's an hour long something like that
and there's five guests and you've got
your eight minutes something like that
and you have to be bright and chipper
and entertaining and intelligent and
sort of glitzy and it puts that facade
of momentary charisma on you and if you
don't play that out you actually fail
right because you can't start a
long-form discussion when you've got six
minutes and if you're trying to talk
about something that's that's deep and
difficult well you want to talk about it
because you've got the access then and
the opportunity but you've got your six
minutes you can't help but turn into
sort of a glitzy entertainer and so it
cheapens everything and then the other
thing that I think is happening is that
as the mainstream media television in
particular dies the the quality people
are starting to desert like rats leaving
a sinking ship I guess they're good rats
if they're quality people but and then
the the there's evermore enticement to
use clickbait journalism to attract a
diminishing portion of the remaining
audience you know it's like one of the
things that's happened so if you look at
the five major indices of violent crime
in the United States they've declined by
50 percent in 25 years
it's absolutely beyond comprehension
it's so good this includes violent gun
crime by the way and yet the reports of
violence and media have gone up and up
and up and
I think well what's going on it's like
well it's it's its clickbait it's the
it's the equivalent of clickbait and
then to turn everything into a polarized
political discussion takes no real
intellectual energy but it's also driven
by the death spiral of the classic media
I think and I think that's actually why
the polarization seems to be so acute
now some of it is genuine but some of it
is some of it is the consequence of this
underlying technological transformation
and the death throes of the smoke
signals fundamentally what you're
talking about when you're saying people
especially radical leftist have to
concede certain points whenever they
discuss things that this is so true and
so important because you see that play
out over and over again there's very
little variation from the official
narrative when they talk about important
subjects or controversial subjects and
whatever they are whether it's you know
transgender rights or whatever whatever
is in the news that's that's big and and
and you know that it's very popular
right now there's these these certain
things that you're not allowed to
deviate from and that that's an insanely
restrictive perspective and it whose
establishing these norms like who's a
step question man yeah who is well I I
blame I blame the universities in large
part for this the activists disappear
but that's only a partial answer because
the universities are also responding to
legislation like title 9 so and and so
and so they've been driven into they
explain title 9 for people title 9 title
9 originally was just a piece of
legislation that that ensured that women
would have equal access to sports events
and so forth at the universities that's
what it was designed for but it's become
this umbrella legislation that pushes
equality of outcome essentially across
every possible dimension in the
universities and it's been used as a
weapon by the radical left but you know
some of that's driven by legislative
necessity with what's happening what the
reason that I think this is coming from
the universities is because I don't
think that this could well there's all
these activist disciplines that are
essentially subsidized by too high
tuition fees and also by state funding
and they've produced an entire
sub structure of activists and those
activists are doing everything they can
to lay out the theoretical structure for
the radical left and that's a that's a
structure that involves there's
buzzwords right diversity is one but
that means diversity by race and
ethnicity and sexual preference for
example as if those have anything to do
with genuine diversity of ideon and they
don't and there's no evidence that they
do inclusivity I'm never even sure what
that means
equity which is a marker for our what
would you call it it's a code word in
some sense for equality of outcome which
is an absolutely deadly doctrine I think
of all the mistakes that the radical
left are making and the moderate left
for not calling them out on it the
equity doctrine is at the top of the
list and then there's other associated
things like white privilege that's a
good one and systemic bias and which is
a it's an absolute embarrassment from
the perspective of a reasonable academic
psychologist because psychological tests
have been used to prove that there's
this implicit bias that lurks everywhere
and the tests aren't reliable and valid
enough to make that claim that's even
the people who've made the test the
implicit association test have admitted
except for mahzarin banaji who's the
chairman of the department of psychology
at Harvard they've admitted that the
tests aren't reliable and valid enough
to be used for the purposes they're been
using for and there's also no evidence
at all that these unconscious buying
bias retraining seminars have any effect
whatsoever that's positive it's all
nonsense pushed by this ideological what
fulmination zuv the radical left is
there any benefit in having these
conversations talking about implicit
biases and recognizing that there's an
extreme pushback against racism or
sexism and all these different things
and that even though these things these
these these ideas that they're pushing
might not be tested and proven the idea
of putting it out there in the
mainstream that there's a shift in
consciousness in terms of like how
people will or won't accept racism or
sexism or homophobia or whatever else is
being discussed that maybe it's far left
but maybe it's moving the needle towards
where it needs to I think that well that
I think that happens I mean I certainly
believe that there's space and necessity
for a constant dialogue between the left
and the right this is also something
that I've been developing more
particularly during these lectures so so
I'm going to lay out a couple of
propositions so imagine that you have to
move forward in the world you have to do
things and the reason you have to do
things is because well if you just sit
there and don't do anything then you
suffer and die so that isn't an option
you have to move forward you have to
move forward towards valued things so
you have to have a value hierarchy it
has to be hierarchy because one thing
has to be more important than another or
you can't do anything right here you're
to split with your choices so you have
to do things you have to value you have
to value some things more than others
then you have to act out what you value
in the social environment because you're
