that's what a professional does
professional turns that [ __ ] down on
down huh a non-professional or someone
who's half-assing it they keep that
phone up really yeah have you seen that
yeah some people keep that phone up
checked that phone on time they'll check
in the middle podcast Russell Peter
can't leave his phone alone really try
getting through a [ __ ] whole podcast
with Russell Peters without I'm checking
his tweets what's impossible impossible
he's checking things sometimes you read
off tweets and say oh people Oh Doug
Benson used to do that that's why I read
off the tweets I'm trying to get away
from it if I can I'll find times if I'm
gonna go eat now I'll even leave it at
my phone in the car yes Power Move and I
hadn't done that before I just started
and it's not even a natural choice I'm
making almost it's like something I need
to do yeah it's a [ __ ] move all
right you're scared scared to leave it
in there
yeah scared scared to leave that phone
would have something important I guess I
needed to know but there isn't there is
a thing like what if something important
happens yeah but what is you think like
when does that happen
super rare but if it did happen why your
phone was in the car and somebody needed
you you'd feel terrible right but you
gotta just what is the what's the
balance it's like it's so slippery we
didn't have any way to get in touch with
back in the day you had to yell for help
number that yeah you can't yell huh yeah
not in Los Angeles there's too many
people you yell for help nobody's in
some languages helped me in something
else I think it's you know something not
good or something Arabic or something
people will [ __ ] you up just make that
up I'm not sure honestly I think I might
have heard that because I live in
Westwood and we have it's very diverse
over there's a lot of people sometimes
yell and stuff in the street do you
think for real do you think help mean
something bad in other languages is that
real
somebody told me hello means go to hell
in like Greek or Latin like um like
politics means like political like up
like um something like not good like
something tick like a tick like
blood-sucking oh really
government or something like that let's
start
with one let's start with should we do
with hello first yeah I think cuz and I
just say things and I don't even know
sometimes think if somebody just told me
to say hello when I was young and I've
been saying in my whole life but what
does help mean is help mean anything in
another language is help a bad word in
other languages okay I'm looking up if
the word help means something in another
language not right there word help you
got if the word help mean something in
another language that I think you mean
you're gonna have to rewarded it you're
gonna have to word it uniquely I think
cuz it's a that's a hard one that's a
that's a that's yeah I don't even know
anymore now be its translation that
might may be an Arabic or something like
that have any sort of alternate meanings
and other languages
yeah I'm not accusing anybody the Arab
nations or whatever Asians or whatever
you know Arabic and Hebrew like those
old old languages have the coolest
letters yeah way they write things like
you look at some old Hindu script or
something like that why is that looks so
cool it seemed like a mystery yeah man
anytime like even Russian when you see
Russian written out you're like whoa
look at the crazy little letters they
have like look at that like this is like
some alien writing yeah I'd be furious
I'm Dalek I couldn't I couldn't imagine
having to learn some of the other
languages you know like I'm going to
China next week when we want to Shanghai
and I'm like it's basically just me
looking around at different drawings you
know like as far as even though words go
it's gonna be I think they have a lot of
stuff in English there oh yeah yeah are
there a lot of a lot of countries where
there's a lot of tourism they just put
stuff in English English seems to be a
language that most European countries
like most people know you could you can
kind of get by in Italy you can kind of
get by in Germany they just speak
English it's uh it's it's real
interesting man because it's because I
guess there's so much tourism and I
guess what everyone's worried about us
because we have the nuclear bombs
everybody learned English and we
traveled a lot because we have more
money here probably so we have the
ability to go places maybe hmm
do you like English that's the only
language I know yeah yeah I like it
but it's just weird how much cooler
other languages look when they're
written out I guess it's just because
what we're accustomed to like Thai you
look at Thai writing or like yeah I was
sweating I tried to read some one time
and Thai I was sweating by the end of it
how crazy is that
that's crazy food yeah like it's just
like it took me out of my element man
there's a couple of uh a couple of words
off I you know I almost needed help
Asian characters look like if you had a
movie like a science fiction movie and
in the movie they found a crashed UFO
and I had some writing on the i-beams or
something like that hmm
would look like a lot of Asian writing
right it would look like something
something crazy from Asia that like you
like what am I looking at right like a
lease you saying it might as well be
alien writing if you don't know it yeah
if there were alien writing you think
it's gonna look more like something from
Asian writing than it is from American
writing well be weird if it was like
comic book font yeah like that or
whatever it's like wait a minute
aliens speak English yeah bro everybody
does what if aliens were like a Boeing
Shuttle man that's the biggest mind [ __ ]
that I ever heard was that because the
size of infinity mm-hmm not only is
there another Theo von out there in the
world but there because infinity is so
big I'm gonna butcher this for sure yeah
we talked about this a little bit last
one was in I did we the only thing
you've ever done
someone has done the exact same things
in the exact same order down to the last
millisecond do you believe do you okay
so that's something that you'd think or
that's something you think that could be
really true I think it could be really
true but honestly my brain is not really
strong enough to compute that so I would
have to take many many many hours really
thinking about what that means because
right now when I'm saying even when I'm
saying them I it's one of those whoa
dude things like I'm saying it but I'm
not really thinking it through yeah like
how much how how much you really
thinking through yeah just a couple
steps you don't really think
okay that there's a so then that means
for you there's another there's another
man out there who did comedy at last
hand at the Comedy Store who wore did
the exact same set tripped over the
exact same words spilt his water the
same way every it's supposed to be
everything and not not only that because
infinity so big they're supposed to be
an infinite number of those people out
there yeah I don't want that I don't man
cuz that would hurt my feelings honestly
it would make me feel I think it wakes
heads I think it makes sense I think the
universe is so big right I mean
everything's so big just what we know
about our solar system so big it's so
big that alone is crazy the idea that
there's no end of the crazy we're like
no no it's got to be an end no no no no
but no no that's too crazy yeah like
what's too crazy when it comes to the
universe the universe is crazy there's
nothing about it that makes any [ __ ]
sense
I mean it's so crazy that we don't like
to think about it last night I was
watching the fireworks and the fireworks
were going off and I was thinking yeah
this is kind of cool you know what's
cooler the [ __ ] billions of flying
explosions that are above our heads yeah
the free fireworks that are constantly
in the sky it's like we just will get
together for like some something made in
Honduras each other but the fact that
they're like shooting stars every night
yeah and we like because of street
lights we don't see the craziest light
show ever which is the Milky Way yeah
you know when you drive make that drive
like out to Vegas or you know into you
drive it through Montana at night or
something like that you pull over mm-hmm
what is that is that fireworks from last
night Wow that's last night is from the
NBC for helicopter that's crazy
Pasadena to downtown that's awesome
those are illegal
at least half of them are illegal right
I would say most of them are illegal it
looks like a lot of like kind of Civil
War artwork it's also sped up dude for a
firefighter that has got to be a crazy
time but some of them get off I think on
fires like some of my think they want a
little bit of fire you don't think yes
well it's been proven that some people
that are mentally ill that become
firemen
we start fires something you know it's
not it's not 99.999% of them or one of
the numbers but occasionally in every
line of work you get someone who's crazy
yeah and I could see that dude you want
something going and you don't have a lot
of money or anything like that it's also
just that one of their crazy yeah you
know they're just some people there's
something wrong right there's there's
connections that aren't being made in
there and they're not they they're
capable of doing things just to deceive
people rip people off or they're capable
of doing things for their own personal
gain like lighting a building on fire
just so they could put it out right
there's some people that are just broken
like there's something about them that's
just not connected right yeah we should
shut them down man I think I think in
the future we have to have some better
programs to find out who's just not even
care about people yeah yeah there's
people that yeah that's a really good
pair about people who doesn't care about
people because if you don't care about
people then it's just not then you
shouldn't be here you should be
somewhere else you should be in a place
where they don't have any people you
know yeah it's just a dangerous thing to
have around for the most part it's fine
right because life is fairly easy in
civilized times right most of stuff is
fine most of this stuff yeah without you
know the caveat for the occasional chaos
but it's just [ __ ] it's hard to tell
how crazy people are until something
really happens and I mean you really
need to count on them and when they you
know and you're pinned underneath a
dresser and they look at you and they
just run out of the room and just take
off and like you're not even gonna help
me there's people like that do you think
some of those people didn't even know
there that they would do that until the
situation arises then that sometimes
well I would love to have some and I
know this sounds a little dark but like
to have some serious stressors in our
world to find out even who I really am
you know like to see who rises to like
who you are inside yeah right like what
rises to the core of my skin and says
this is who I am you know like I got
trapped in an elevator once do with like
seven or eight people okay and this
sounds like a small idea but this was
like three hours right and suddenly like
a first one dudes kind of verbose he's
suddenly like I'm the leader but like an
hour later he's like trying to [ __ ] a
couple chicks that are also
in the elevator and you start to see
like okay he was trying to [ __ ] them
like it was hitting on them or he's
trying to actually get down in the
elevator no he wasn't kind of [ __ ]
over he was maybe gonna [ __ ] him later
if they got out of the elevator safely
not like a raper like a guy who's like
gonna date him or like take him to
dinner and then hopefully have sex with
him at some point if they want to as
well but he being on saying yeah
consensual sex yeah yeah there you go
but he but you started to see who was
who like one guy was like just literally
wouldn't listen anyone tried to rip the
doors open for two hours hit like just
like just like gave up on that like one
lady was really scared like immediately
it started to kind of fold out who was
gonna be who you know I wouldn't know
what to do I don't know if you're see I
don't think you're supposed to climb out
though that seems like death
right like to climb out into that shaft
you're supposed to stay yeah I know
you're supposed to yeah I mean they must
have some sort of regular but you know
of an elevator fell in one of the UFC
hotels like real far and [ __ ] up CB
Dollaway
one of the UFC fighters his back is
[ __ ] up from that apparently
apparently he's suing and I don't think
he fought that day I think they had to
cancel his fight I think I might be
wrong about that but I know his back was
like significantly [ __ ] up from that
fall elevators make it too easy man I
miss the old day sometimes when you just
he scratched from the fight yeah and
he's fought since but I think he's still
having problems with his back yeah yeah
it's hard to fix to a back it's one of
the hardest one of the hardest things to
make better again it seems like every
time people get surgery it's just a
slippery slope it's very rare that
someone gets surgery on their back and
they go oh my back's great now
everything's fine it's always like yeah
I got to go in again I got another disc
like oh no and state they're literally
getting their back fused from top to
bottom and they're back that are still
fighters too
yup no way Tito has several fused in his
neck he has artificial spacers from
where the discs used to be yeah he has
in his back his multiple operations on
his back do you think that that like
because some people think like you know
a lot of your Chi and you're like line
up is you know like your do you think
that that could alter knee of it yeah I
don't know I don't know if that's real I
don't know what is that is it is it the
actual disc gelatin or is the the spine
itself the spinal column where all the
all the nerves are firing all the way up
to the brainstem
yeah this really [ __ ] crazy thing to
risk if you think that about that like
the connection between your brain and
then that cord that goes to all your
body and everything moving and it's all
just this back area that very few people
ever even exercise yeah which is so
crazy
everybody's doing all this [ __ ] to get
your biceps look and fly and pump your
tits up and very few people are
concentrating on like lower back
exercises reversing Pipers protecting
your spine putting muscle all around
that [ __ ]
work that core do like kettlebell
windmills you ever do kettlebell
windmills no I do do that [ __ ] they're
so good
kettlebell windmills you like you press
the kettle button you go down and touch
your touch the ground by your foot and
then straighten Wow for your spine like
all the muscles around your back that
stabilize everything and your obliques
and your abs and all your core yeah it's
a great exercise I got to do more like
adult fitness man I got a G that's what
it looks like damn look at all that [ __ ]
that's a human spine Oh like I'm gonna
eat this in China next week anyway you
can have dick over there somebody said
they can you gonna have human a human
and dick Carroll what do you month said
that and he's eaten a lot of all he's
eaten every where is he Andrew Zimmerman
honored food guy yeah the podcast yeah
he's a chef travels all over the world
really cool guy
welcome this is that pictures [ __ ]
bizarre man to think that that's all the
stuff that's firing your nerves that's
crazy and what is that what does it even
look like it almost looks like a
jellyfish or like a it looks like it's
reaching for something doesn't it
yeah it's shooting off into the cosmos
son
thing at the top is making nuclear bombs
at the top is making 4G cellphones and
40 megapixel front-facing cameras I
think it's making that thing is making
time machines yeah that [ __ ] thing is
making satellite transmission of video
signals and simultaneously delivered to
televisions worldwide that's what that
thing's making dude you got things
making Tesla's Rory's making pistols and
steroids that thing's making oxycontin
that [ __ ] thing's making everything
that's what's tough about the human
brain areas that we yeah things making
whiskey that thing's making crystal meth
and crank things making nail-polish and
fake tits that thing is off the job if
you look at if you look to the human
brain for like all this [ __ ] is
responsible for you like what that area
oh my god and it looks like something
you would think maybe wouldn't even do
nothing if you walk by that on the
street you didn't know as a brain you'd
be like ah man that's one of the my
favorite out here
is Mars Attacks where they have their
exposed brain I can't remember that you
don't remember Mars Attacks I never seen
anything never saw Mars Attacks
from watch although this is one of the
greatest movies of all time it's Tim
Burton right is that who I believe is
why it's amazing it's so good dude
Jack Nicholson is in it and he please
place two obviously different people oh
really but it's obviously the same guy
playing two people and it's never
brought up no it's a great movie man I
mean it is a great great movie it looks
bad dude it's so good it's really it
seems like it looks back if you're
watching here but it's all on purpose
yeah it's all on purpose it's like when
the when this it's what it is is they
somehow or another captured how we feel
about this time period they captured it
with this weird like Vegas thing with
this is the president back then and when
these aliens come off this spaceship
it's there something about the way they
move that makes you think like you're
watching a movie from the 50
but still really good like just good
enough but what he did by making the
effects weird and barely real as he
almost gave you a nostalgia for like
1960s 1970s movie I can see that a
little bit right here yeah but but it's
better right it's way better than
anything they were capable of I mean
look at the [ __ ] the shadows on the
head and everything like that watch a
little bit of this real quick this is
when they first land
yeah
[Applause]
they came in peace
[Music]
[Applause]
on Mars
[Music]
that's cool do you think you'd eat
something from Mars if they had like if
they had it say this because I know
you'd like to be a wild eater I've seen
some of the stuff you eat you know you'd
