going to the contender after Freddie
Roach oh really
yeah nice live boom we're live you gonna
wear headphones or no yeah it's better
you where are your cauliflower ears they
keep you from wearing earbuds uh-huh you
know those little feet go in your ear
does I need to it no I don't need it you
don't need it just keep this close to
your face and we're good all right there
we go
what's up man how are you fantastic feel
good I feel good I feel if it would not
be for my like also that I there would
be a I feel better than then I when I
was 25 what did you have your colitis
yeah collide is what is that what causes
that we don't really know what it caused
it but the best the best theory is that
before my last fight with Michael
Bisping I tried to put on weight extra
weight so I followed a diet program that
I was eating every almost every two
hours and I think your system is like a
car you know if you do a lot of mileage
it overuse it and then that's what
happened with the stress and everything
during my training camp a big problem
you know I couldn't sleep at crazy
cramps you know sometimes I had blood
even like when I went to the bathroom at
one point I had to go do some tests
because I was worried that it was
something more like I mean colitis very
serious but that it was I cancer or
something because I had blood so I did
some tests it came out negative and I
said to myself said this fight been
delayed not delayed but postponed so
many time that if I do something if I
say that publicly what is going on I'm
gonna lose the opportunity to fight for
the title yeah at 185 so I I keep it
shot and I told myself said whatever it
is I'll deal with it
after the fight so I did the fight
everything went well then after I went
to do it's called a colonoscopy they put
a camera inside of you yeah and I did I
got diagnosed with also colitis that's
probably the mix of the stress and also
the
fact that I was constantly eating I was
eating and not only eating Joe I was
trying to put on some weight it was very
hard sometimes I was I remember many
time I was having breakfast but I was
really regretting my breakfast I'm
chewing up because you just hidden too
much food yeah but I had to because I
needed to keep my 7 a certain weight and
therefore the crazy thing about it is
first now realize it's a mistake I
should never have done it but when I
made the weight at 185 the day before
the fight I could not go back up to 190
that's a the higher side was going back
up so the day of the fight I I woke up
and I add a little breakfast I drew up
my breakfast again Wow yeah well I was
really messed up then I went to weigh
myself I was like 191 yeah and what do
you think Mike wait he felt very strong
I mean it's not really the weight at
this time because you're the way that
you weigh right now depending what you
eat you have a lot of stuff inside your
your intestine and everything so and
also water retention I felt like I had a
lot of water retention and unnecessary
weight exactly so it's like the other
widest I got back that you carry on your
shoulder so what I should have done I
think is just stay the same way that I
am
my natural weight I think the body has a
way that it's his best way to perform an
athletic performance and that's what I
should have done right but it was a
mistake of my part it was a big mistake
so you were just thinking that because
you're going up to 185 and you're
fighting a guy in Bisping that used to
fight at 205 exactly he's a pretty big
guy exactly that I taught that to
perform better I needed to elevate my
weight but by doing that I created my I
created a big problem of health issues
so and that colitis didn't exist before
that and not that I got diagnosed for no
no and I think that that's what trigger
it and so after the fight now they've
gone back to a normal diet has it
changed so so I've heard a fight what
happened and it's very interesting too I
got in on medication and I I met a
doctor his name is Jason Fong isn't our
motto
people can research his amazing amazing
guy and I met a doctor that treat people
with cancer and diabetes with
intermittent fasting so I started doing
a program of intermittent fasting and
time restricted eating and on my symptom
diminish like every every weeks every
month diminish so he's got it's getting
better it's not 100% now but he's
getting a lot better a lot better and I
feel a lot better we had Ben Greenfield
on yesterday mm-hmm who you know he's a
journalist as a lot of experimenting
with his body not a lot of scientific
stuff and scientific research on diet
and in restricted eating is a big part
of it he does a lot of that it's
interesting because I'm we're a
conditioned to think that I want to when
I gain muscle and when I get you know I
need to eat more to accelerate my
metabolism but but I never felt better
in my life if we would not be for that
particular issue I feel better now I I
sleep better i inflammation and I also
did a test in January I went to McGill
University to do a scan of my my weight
my purse my fat percentage my muscle
density bone density and my in five
month I did it a few days ago like not
not this week the Tuesday of the last
week and my my fat percentage has
decreased my muscle mass has increased
and my weight is at the same hmm then it
wasn't January do you think this is all
from restricted eating my training did
not have change so the only thing has
changed pretty much is the the
restricted restricted time eating and
interpreted fasting yes yeah that
intermittent fasting gives your
digestive system a break and it lets
your body recuperate better I think
that's what helped me uh that mostly I
think it that's what it is a I felt like
I was like okay like I said like a car I
was putting too much for nothing and I
think as human being were over a fad I
I'm very interested about paleontology
and also a history and I know that human
being an ant or gatherer time then that
eat three meals a day no they need eight
maybe a few times a week but when they
eat they eat a lot yes I need to do it
fast so I think it's more natural for a
human being to do so and also I now I
read a lot of stuff and I watch a lot of
stuff on the internet about intermittent
fasting and time restrict the day eating
and I just wish I knew that before for
so many years I I I used to follow the
rules oh we need to eat at least three
time a day and you know I don't really
care of what I eat but I I've you know I
even though in the morning I I was not
hungry I was always my forcing myself to
eat which is bad you know yeah but what
has changed in your diet like what do
you eat like what's what's a normal meal
for you no I don't really I don't really
watch what I eat anymore
I it's more when I eat I try to eat
healthy but I don't have a specific diet
I like for example like Oh Tuesday I'm
gonna eat this this this it's on our
works I just try to eat LT you know like
I I try to eat good and of course I I
don't look at all this is a desert I'm
you know if I want a desert a chocolate
I remember that from one of your old
videos like you were having a glass of
wine during training camp you like
nothing wrong one glass of wine well if
you think about it joy I don't think a
glass of wine or anything let you know
before a fight were some we have the
tendency to be too much like oh what
should i eat what should i do this i
should i do that i think it's and it's a
chance to tense exact met when I went in
Thailand I met some some world champion
Thai boxer and they smoke they get drunk
before the fight I'm like you're
fighting tomorrow man it's like Zygons
like it's no problem but when you think
about it this is an extreme this is to
the other extreme yes but I don't think
it has that much of an effect you know
what I used to eat before like before a
fight my meal of choice before I got
into reading about
eating and stuff like that I was eating
a pasta before before 5:00 most of my
father I eat like fettuccine alfredo I
can that's a lot of carbs I mean it's
not babbling if you eat if you talk to
her for example a nutritionist would be
like oh my god we'll grab his head will
be like you serious oh my - Nikita you
see the steak and pasta before his
fights that was my thing I sweet pass
all the time and there's no problem with
that for me and I felt great but since I
start reading about nutrition and stuff
like that yeah it's like oh you need to
be clean and I'm like they never affect
me I don't think it has that much of a
big big effect you know it's more
psychological I think well it's also you
think about how much energy you're
burning I think for the average person a
bowl of pasta is not a good idea but for
an athlete that's about to fight five
five-minute rounds against a world-class
fighter you have different energy
requirements you know you have different
nutrition requirements you can burn off
way more fuel you know like I was
listening to Chad Mendes on the podcast
the other day and he was talking about
how he's so hungry he eats so much yes -
wakes up in the middle of the night and
he goes and eats sometimes Wow
he just can't he can't go a couple hours
without eating he just has this crazy
metabolism you know what since I
discovered I myristic restricted eating
and intermitted fasting now I feel
better by a training with an empty
stomach
I feel sharper up here mmm I feel more
creative especially in in jiu-jitsu feel
better feel lighter on my feet really
yeah man you do look first you just to
class the morning no no food in your
stomach I never have a food I haven't
eat today this is the coffee you give me
is the first thing I have so when will
you eat it's 12 24 right now after this
I'm gonna I'm gonna go train with
Freddie Roach and then I'm daily and I
and maybe I'll eat another time I'm a
late eater
that's why I'm not too good and I don't
like to eat too much early during the
day yeah I'm not really hungry I used to
eat because everybody eat but now I'm
like I'm not gonna eat since I have I've
discovered this I don't eat when I know
I'm when I'm not hungry and that thing
is why people eat is because they're
spike of insulin you
yeah so when you like when I start doing
intermittent fasting and time restricted
eating it was hard in the beginning
because I was conditioned to eat all the
time
yeah but my buddy acclimate to it and
now it's very easy I can eat once a day
it's no problem
like right now you know I could do it
and I think it's good to be hungry in a
way I remember the doctor who said
something to me said would you rather be
like a lion that just had a full belly
or an angry lion I'm like as a fighter
I'd rather be like an angry lion and it
makes sense to me if you look at nature
it makes sense you know what I mean
it doesn't make sense especially when
you do time restricted eating your your
body gets used to burning off fat - and
using fat as fuel it's true true that's
why I think when I did the test to
compare my my fat percentage diminish
and I didn't have much fat but it
diminished and the doctor I met he says
to him and say yeah I gained a lot of
weight he said you don't you think I'm
gonna lose muscle he says to me he
believed that the way that I put on
because now I'm about 185 pounds and I
when I train for Bisping and went up to
197 when I have to after their way and I
was I couldn't put back that weight up
so I was 190 he believed that the extra
weight that add was more water retention
and residual inside my body
it was not like a solid mass and it
makes sense to me because now I feel
much better and I'm just as strong and
even stronger like when I do Olympic
lifting much stronger gymnastic much
stronger
like I feel sharper yeah and you said it
reduced your information as well it does
have some time elbows you know like
problems yes it was a birthday what's a
birthday that was during my fight of
it's a guavas but I got a get a surgery
to take away the the residual that the
bone chip inside my elbow is not from
landing elbows I think is just use users
use but but now I don't have any problem
anymore
I know what
bill and like it used to be a chronic
thing that I used to fill some once in a
while sometime he came and it goes but
since I started this it didn't came at
all I felt great I can touch my him my
two shoulder like this no you came back
it's very interesting because with a lot
of people they take time off and then
they come back and you wonder what
they're going to look like but one of
the things that I was very hopeful with
you is that you've always been almost a
martial artist first in a fighter second
and in that you're always learning and
you're always practicing like you you
would always take time in between camps
and you would you know do jiu-jitsu in
Brazil or you would be constantly
practicing your muy Thai you're always
trying to learn and improve your game
and I was thinking when you came back it
was like if you were saying that you
were better than ever I'm like man he
might be better than ever like it you
you were the one guy that I believed
because a lot of times guys come back
and like man he's been out of the game a
long time who knows how hard he's been
training because a lot of Fighters when
they're not in camp when they're not
preparing for a fight they don't they
don't like to train that much because
they know the grind of camp
it's almost whereas I'm like you know
how you see a lot of fighters after they
retire they get really fat
yeah like wow how could he get fat like
I was looking at my Donna the other day
is a picture of Madonna's Chino mondop
Maidana
he's got a Instagram page he's fat as
[ __ ] he's got a cigar he's drinking a
whiskey I mean he just fought for him a
with her a couple years ago he was
ripped and this they retired they don't
give a [ __ ] anymore the way I want to do
this anymore but you I knew you were
still training because I would see like
in the hands of Gracie
the guys who were training with you
there and I knew you were training with
Danaher I knew you were constantly
training and you look good so it was
like that when I left off like more than
four years ago III knew I wanted to come
back the guy was not in a nappy place
had a lot of personal problems and I
should have even stopped earlier then
after my fight with Hendrix if if I
would have stopped earlier I would have
maybe come back earlier as well hmm it
was I was I felt like I was like kind of
a filling of a
claustrophobic feeling you know like it
I was I couldn't breathe well I couldn't
sleep well my mind pressure I had too
much pressure personal problems so much
stuff a lot of stuff happened to me that
it's still too early in my life and for
the respect of some people I know I
couldn't talk about it one day I will
all mix together I knew it was a drug
issue in the sport I feel I felt it
added fill well and I was trying to
perform under than those condition and
it was catching up to me yeah and I did
it but the reason why I think I didn't
lose the edge is a lot of people because
we do an extreme sport it's like what we
do is kind of life and death situation
it's not because there's a referee but
the Spirit is the same as a glittery
gladiator or a person in a war that goes
to war he thinks it's gonna die is the
same spirit even though it's not a same
thing we will go there in the same
spirit that we're ready to give it or
give it all it's such an extreme feeling
that once you don't have that in your
life life kind of become boring you feel
like you're not alive anymore so that's
why when people stop they retired and I
try to come back a lot of the people
they fall into drugs because I want to
catch up to that they want to feel alive
again so they want they need that
sensation you know that they had
previously but I couldn't get it back
unless they do drugs or they do
something crazy extravagant the thing
with me is I knew I was going to come
back and also I always like to train and
keep myself in shape and I never did
drugs you know like I never did art
drugs I drink I'm not I drink sometimes
my birthday last Saturday I went out and
I was completely wasted okay it is what
it is I like to date I rate myself
sometime I'm not perfect it's a little
fun exactly and I what's the goal of
doing this if you're not enjoying your
life what's a goal of it right I know
people do fight it's a no I don't like
to fight and that is another thing I'd
like to talk to you about because I why
you do that if you don't like to fight
it's like because I like my lifestyle
you know that it gives me but that's why
people I believe if you come back to
what you say
that's why I think people they have our
time to come back after so many years
because they fall into that trap right
they need to feel alive so then they
find ways to that they in make them feel
alive but it's the it's the Tyrian they
tear your rate themselves yeah
drain idea I didn't do that I did not do
that and I would never will hopefully I
can it's not my thing you know so when
you decided to come back how far out did
you decide like but you you you took
four years off yeah how many years in
were you like I think I'm ready to come
back when I see USA USA DEA and the drug
testing program being implanted and
implemented then I saw a lot of a lot of
late yes a lot of you feel huh like did
you feel vindicated when you saw like
some of these people just I feel a
little bit of a I mean it it feel bad to
wish people bad luck to get some kind of
recognition but that's not what I want I
want to do I don't wish people bad luck
but if you cheat you cheat man and they
a lot of people get cut and finally a
lot of people in the beginning including
my own friend they think like I was
talking some of my own friends they say
oh you're paranoid
you become paranoid you need to take a
break you you're going crazy just retire
get out you know they they you paranoid
because I was talking about it a long
time before Hendricks and they had
everybody was disregarding me but none
when it happened a lot of the champion
fell and a lot of the hero in the sport
they got pointed out with the finger as
AI is a cheater so now it become real so
when I saw that happen it was it was for
me a beginning to start and now it's
time to come back you know because I'm
I'm a guy
if I said something you know that's
become gonna I'm gonna do it I didn't
want to come back when the sport was
dirty that's one of my thing and so when
I when I decided to come back I had a
big talk with one of my trainer John De
Niro and I and for us there's my two
main guy and they're like my friend my
brother with me I mean I'm I'm
undefeated with this with these two guys
you know they're like with
I need them when I fight serious
