I try so hard boom and we're live
Hamilton Morris sober as [ __ ] how about
you absolutely say yes this time so we
did a podcast seven years ago and most
people apparently didn't know how [ __ ]
up we were but I figured damn we're here
with Hamilton Morris
we should go deep and we just kept
hitting that joint till I lost most of
my grasp on reality while we're talking
it's just a very slippery conversation I
was just too high to form coherent
thoughts it was just whatever I pieced
together was just you know it was almost
like miming a conversation uh-huh but
now seven years later and you have a new
place yeah it's beautiful
yeah we you were in the early days we
did it at my house yeah that was way way
way back in the day I had no idea really
I knew you were of course but I didn't
know about your podcast entirely I had
seen clips of you on YouTube and it
wasn't until I was driving home from
that recording and my phone just filled
with hundreds of emails that I realized
oh wow this is a serious phenomenon that
I was not aware of and now I see it's
just become huge it's a weird thing dude
it it's it's got the wheel I just sort
of have to show up it's a very strange
and it sounds like false modesty or
something like that but I'm just being
totally honest like this thing does
itself I think a lot of it might have to
do with the long form begins people are
so used to seeing people's opinions
condensed and filtered into these sound
bites and snippets and to hear an
extended conversation with someone where
they can actually tell stories and
articulate their opinions in a nuanced
careful ways so rare I agree it's one of
the reasons why I don't do those shows
anymore like panel shows and things like
that it's just so frustrating oh it's
insane I have very little experience
with that sort of thing but I did dr. oz
[Laughter]
yes and I don't know how any normal
person could function in that sort of
environment I mean I have a TV show so
arguably I'm
well trained for that sort of thing but
unless you're an actor who's prepared a
line to say as soon as they point at you
there's no way that you could function
because it's not a genuine conversation
it's just an opportunity to launch one
sentence sound bites and an audience
applause
yeah and also the audience is such a
strange element to add to a conversation
I mean if you and I were having this
conversation exactly in this this room
but to the left of us is an enormous
group of people we feel weird we would
have to address them we'd have to turn
to them it would be odd the following
illuminated applause and laughter
science God knows the weirdest when
there's always the warm up guys like
okay ready we're coming back from break
coming back from Craig and they hold up
the side and applause applause applause
and everybody goes crazy and they create
the worst environment I was on this
discussion about crow Tom are you
familiar with this I'm on it right now
oh wow yeah I just took some I [ __ ] my
knee up the other day I did something
and it's been stiff and painful so I I
stood before I came here and then I just
took took six of them see what happens
Wow okay 10 once I don't know can you
grab that bag there's a bag that's
sitting right on the sink I'll tell you
exactly what's in it but now I get why
people might think it's a drug what is
the drug yeah for sure but when I took
four I was like well I took two for the
first time I took it I took two and a
couple times I took two him with this
like a mild stimulant but then when you
get into the range of eight to ten pills
it's like oh this this will [ __ ] you up
this stuff the stuff I take is urban ice
organics and see it says it says take
two it doesn't say the amount of
material in the capsule 750 milligrams
okay so not quite a gram not quite a
grandma all right it seems like a
reasonable amount but they always
construct these things in these
ridiculous dramatic opposition's like it
was me versus a woman whose son had died
of some kratom associated
for DOS and you know it turns into a
thing like what do you have to say to
this woman whose son died it's like I
don't know you know there are people
that die from caffeine overdoses as well
it's tragic that this happened have
people died from this yes they haven't
you have to take an enormous amount I
mean I think a lot of people set up
these unrealistic expectations with
these drugs where they if they like a
drug they want to say it's impossible
right to kill anyone it's impossible
there's no possible way if you said that
is your standard you'll always fail
because people will die doing absolutely
everything running having sex defecating
aspirin aspirin absolutely there's
nothing in this world that can't find
its way into a human death so if people
want to say and even you know cannabis
obviously people say you can't overdose
on cannabis and essentially you can't
but if you look in the medical
literature there are a number of these
cannabis associated fatalities you know
you can debate them endlessly but the
point is once a drug enters a large
enough population
there'll be a number of sensitive
individuals and someone will die it
doesn't mean that the drug is dangerous
it means that it's unrealistic to set a
standard where if anything bad happens
to anyone we have to decide that the
drug is dangerous and should be banned
yeah I agree
I mean look water kills people there's a
lot of these hazing things where the
fraternity kids will be asked to drink a
[ __ ] ton of water and oh yeah the people
have died from it a woman died in San
Jose a few years back from a contest to
drink water to get her son like an Xbox
or something like that yeah yeah I mean
there's a lot of things that are lethal
but the ld50 for cannabis I mean you
literally have to smoke your bodyweight
or something right it's something crazy
be very difficult yeah but it doesn't
mean that you couldn't get so high that
you did something really stupid and wind
up dying right yeah especially dependent
upon the person and the the you know
biological variability right right
exactly and it's just I think it's also
just a sort of a bad road to go down
people always want to emphasize the
safety of things that in my opinion
safety isn't the point
it doesn't ultimately matter to me
whether or not something is safe I think
we should have the freedom to do
dangerous things if we choose
we're allowed to ride motorcycles were
allowed to shoot guns you're allowed to
go skydiving and bungee jumping all
those things carry risks but it's
assumed that any adult that does them is
aware of those risks yeah I couldn't
agree more I mean it's it's also who is
if the society that we live in was just
you and I is that we were the only two
people alive who are you to tell me what
I can do or me to tell you what you can
do it's ridiculous and so when you have
grown adults telling a grown adult who's
informed what they can and can't do then
it becomes a question of children well
then it becomes a an education issue and
it becomes a parental issue I mean it's
just you can't lie to your children
about the effects of certain drugs
because then they're not gonna believe
you about the really actual the actual
dangerous ones
Brayan and this is of course reflected
in the the so-called opioid epidemic yes
right now yes there's endless
finger-pointing everyone wants to find a
culprit that's behind all of it and the
easiest person to blame of course are
pharmaceutical companies because
everybody hates pharmaceutical companies
so why not blame them right but you know
and I'm not Pro pharmaceutical by any
stretch of the imagination but I'm also
not anti pharmaceutical either and when
you look at the way for example the New
York Times is covering the opioid
epidemic it's always in this tone of
like documents were uncovered this show
that executives at Purdue Pharma were
aware that morphine was addictive as
early as 1999 it's like well of course
of course they were aware people have
known that morphine is addictive for
hundreds of years this is old news and
this whole idea that doctors were
convinced by some letter in the New
England Journal of Medicine that said
that oxycontin isn't addictive is absurd
these are all morphine derivatives any
adult especially a medically trained
adult should know that no matter what
little variation you make on that
molecule if it's structurally and
pharmacologically and qualitatively
similar to morphine of course it's going
to be addictive and that in and of
itself isn't even a bad thing it should
be okay to give people addictive drugs
as well as long as everyone's aware of
the risks as long as they understand a
protocol to get off of it the you you
know there's so many people that get on
these things and then wind up taking
them far longer than they're supposed to
because it's easy to get
I mean we need to at least have some
sort of responsible direction that these
people need to go to to get off of them
once they're on them because people that
get back operations any anything where
they prescribe you high doses of opiates
it's a huge problem I know many many
people that have gotten hooked because
and in fact I should tell you that my
good friend Justin Ren his wife found
out about kratom because of you because
of your show he had a problem with his
shoulder got shoulder shoulder surgery
they put him on oxycontin's he was
[ __ ] up on them and he was having a
really hard time getting off and having
the shakes really bad and kratom is the
only thing that got him off of it right
and that's not surprising I mean this
has been known for a very long time in
Thailand and that was actually the
reason that it was originally prohibited
I don't know if you're aware of that but
because the government taxed opium and
people started using kratom then they
made Crotona leaves not the right way to
say it because people say kratom yeah
you're the only one I've heard sacred
Tom people in it's a Thai word people in
Thailand call it critic so people in the
US call it kratom it's a it's also they
have you know is maybe it's a quick Tom
something I'm not gonna go that forever
Cree tom is close if you did it would be
weird but I feel as you know yeah
like American people that say Ecuador
hahahaha Argentina but it is Krita yeah
crow Tom okay so we'll try to call Chris
or something close to that it's closer
to that than kratom right and so the
reason why was made it illegal was
because of the fact that it was pinching
some of the profits off of the opium
trade yes Wow
yeah that's [ __ ] up and so this has
been known for a long time that it helps
people get off more addictive opioids
and how does it do that well it's an
opioid itself and a lot of people don't
want to admit or acknowledge that but I
think we need to get beyond this idea
that drugs are inherently bad or opioids
are inherently bad just because the ones
that we're aware of have a lot of
problems you know in some sense
medicinal chemistry and pharmacology and
all this are still in a very primitive
state and there's so much to be learned
so we're mostly giving people these
derivatives of morphine that have been
around for a hundred years
and there are better things we're going
to continuously discover less addictive
treatments for pain and I think that the
alkaloids in kratom are a step in that
direction and which is so tragic that
they're trying to now make it illegal
because this is something that as far as
I can tell has genuinely helped an
enormous number of people reduce their
intake of more addictive and more
dangerous opioids one of the things that
I felt I mean and again my dose was not
extremely high but when I was on it I
was very coherent I was clear it was
clear to me that was affected by
something but it felt kind of good
it didn't feel bad it felt a little a
little uneasy like a little like whoa
this is what the world feels a little
weird right now
but it did not feel like I was impaired
like I know a lot of people who take it
and exercise like I have a friend he'll
take ten pills and exercise it just just
seems kind of [ __ ] crazy yes but he
says he has a great workout right by
taking that stuff before he works out
yeah I mean it seems to lend itself to a
lot of different applications in
Thailand it's used almost exclusively
for that sort of purpose in the south
it's a drug that labourers use so they
can you know collect it the latex from
rubber trees and just get their job done
that's what it's about I mean that's
what opioids are about for a lot of the
world both in the United States and in
Africa and in Thailand is you know
people live hard lives and manual labor
is painful and repetitive and difficult
and anything that makes that a little
bit more manageable is a very important
tool for humans I always felt like
people that did heroin or opiates or
some point that were on a very short
road to death that that was my
perception when I was a kid and then I
had a friend who was a longshoreman they
worked on the docks bringing they would
bring fish in and fillet the fish for
the market and he worked with a guy that
every day at lunch the guy would go cop
he would get his heroin he would shoot
it up in his car and then he'd go back
to work and I was like he'd go back to
work
you know he kept he worked everyday like
every day shot up and every day he
worked like yeah who's never late
nope just did his work all right Wow
well I didn't think you could do that I
thought you did heroin the next thing
you know you just be on the floor in a
fetal position in your own urine and you
just would fall apart and die right yeah
there's this idea that people sometimes
refer to as pharmacological determinism
that a certain drug has to do a certain
thing so alcohol has to sedate and dis
inhibit you heroin has to addictive and
make you a slave to it and kill you
cocaine has to be a euphoric thing
that's done at parties it's also very
addictive PCP has to make you strip nude
and run around fighting Compton fighting
cops and punching holes and wooden
fences but when you look at this you
know anthropologists have looked at
certain drugs that are used
cross-culturally like alcohol and what
you find is this whole idea of
pharmacological determinism is
fundamentally flawed
drugs behave differently in different
cultures depending on the set and
setting of the user and so you find all
sorts of instances that are major
exceptions to these rules that we've set
up for these various drugs for example
PCP which is arguably one of the most
ubiquitous ly maligned drugs in the
world I mean no one can imagine that PCP
is medicinal but even to this day PCP is
in schedule to not Schedule one like
cannabis and LSD schedule two it can
still be prescribed actually and that's
because it had a history of medicinal
use
there was even PCP psychotherapy in the
UK and in the 50s so this is a something
that most people wouldn't believe but to
those patients that were taking it then
there was none of this cultural
association with PCP being a drug that
causes psychosis or makes you strip nude
it was simply another tool for a
psychiatrist to use and help people
release repressed memories or traumas
that they were afraid to talk about when
sober hmm well we're seeing that now
with MDMA right I mean and also ketamine
ketamine you being used as an actual
tool for psychotherapy particularly for
people with depressions having really
good results my my friend hmm
excuse me Neal Brennan who's a hilarious
comedian he's had struggles with
depression yeah he got great relief from
from taking ketamine right and what I
think is really interesting is you know
this is often packaged as a sort of
psychedelic Renaissance but I think in a
larger context it's a drug facilitated
psychotherapy Renaissance because this
was not just limited to psychedelics
people did something called narco
analysis where they would give people
sedatives like propofol the drug that
killed Michael Jackson or various
barbiturates or various other drugs and
the relaxing effect would allow people
to talk more openly to a therapist and
it was considered very effective now
this idea of a psychiatrist injecting
you with a drug in order to help you
talk about your problems is it's unheard
of I don't think anyone does it anymore
but it used to be very common and I
think a return to that is going to be
really beneficial yeah I agree with you
I think the right drugs with the right
cases and the right people and I think
we've got to get past these schedules
that when you have things like marijuana
and psilocybin and and especially DMT
which your own body produces is a
Schedule one drug and the famous Terence
Mckenna line we're all holding you know
when it comes to DMT it's just stupid
it's just it's stupid that these things
are Schedule one when you're saying
there's no medical benefit whatsoever or
medical application for cannabis it's
[ __ ] crazy
when something didn't you want to have
something that really actively promotes
a distrust in law enforcement the
scheduling of drugs is one of the best
ones because when you look at something
like marijuana and you see that that's a
Schedule one drug that that that's
infuriating to people that gain huge
benefits from cannabis I mean people
that have going through chemotherapy
people that have you know inter ocular
pressure from glaucoma you can go down
the list over and over and over again
maybe kids that have epilepsy there's so
many people that have
had great benefit particularly from
edible cannabis from people that have
seizures I mean you could keep going on
and on and on it's just it's an amazing
plant and to have that demonized because
of some ridiculous propaganda from the
1930s that still somehow or another
clung on and 2018 you think about all
the information we have now with the
Internet and the fact that cannabis is
still scheduled one you have [ __ ]
like Jeff Sessions
still saying things like good people
don't smoke marijuana like this is crazy
talk it's crazy but keep in mind it was
just about a hundred years ago that
alcohol was prohibited in United States
and it took 13 years to reverse that and
that was alcohol there's no drug more
integrated into our culture than alcohol
and that took 13 years to reverse what
was that like back then that must have
been madness when alcohol was illegal
when the cops would come in and
jackbooted thugs would knock over gin
mills and bust open kegs of whiskey and
spill it all out like what the [ __ ] was
that like it was it was disastrous but I
think what's interesting about that is
it was a worthwhile experiment to give
them the benefit of the doubt it was
worthwhile to see because on some sense
you could say the prohibition has a
certain logic to it you could say drugs
