I don't want to be a first adopter those
[ __ ] thing's gonna fall apart
boom joke do you guys n-word live oh
[ __ ] oh [ __ ] did you really go out and
buy one of those iPhones last night did
you order no red band called me and he
goes are you gonna get because I asked
him a few weeks ago everybody I want to
get the yacht you know I don't know
anything about computers so I call red
man he's my computer guy so I went to
get the iPad the big one the 99 and I
asked lady because my phone's [ __ ] up
already she's just wait for the 8th so I
called red van about a month ago he goes
wait and last night he called out of the
blue goes you gotta get online at
midnight and I did it like an [ __ ]
I just forgot my code I got through I
got through the second click second
course click boom order I ordered the
silver black Bam Bam Bam and then at the
end I get the [ __ ] cold for I iTunes
a novel I woke my wife up in the middle
of the [ __ ] I did she really did time to
get the [ __ ] I did
so are you [ __ ] crazy waking me up at
12:15 some stupid [ __ ] phone there's
gonna be lines around the block at those
Apple stores it's it's crazy
it's like those sneaker lines when you
see those people they're out to buy
sneakers for the supreme lines now
Supremes got a whole thing I mean kid
they wait in line for three or four days
now and over what almost weekly alright
I'll show you this [ __ ] you're probably
gonna freak out when I show you what
they're waiting please do it shovels
bricks with just the word supreme
written on it shovels and bricks
t-shirts are the main thing what is
supreme exactly it's a brand it's a
streetwear brand and people wait in line
for bricks I'll show you
that's [ __ ] kids today this is what
happens when kids don't go outside they
don't play
they don't play sports and they stay at
home they just play video games Nancy
Reagan's fault with it just say no these
kids smoke dope they see life for what
it is yo Sam I'm gonna wait in line for
an hour for a [ __ ] break look at that
supreme crowbar they sell a crowbar so
the crowbar we just have like the name
supreme on it okay who's using that no
one uses it it's like
that it's real you have to look into the
brand a little bit to understand it but
it's sort of part of the joke almost
there making parody of the craziness of
it all by just throwing their brand name
on stuff and people are buying into it
go back to the page so supremely we're
in top 10 non wearable supreme products
Jesus Christ they have fire
extinguishers yeah new trucks but some
of the clothes are cool diff nunchucks
it's just depend you gotta be really
into it and some people are really into
it like I said they wait in line for
days well I don't know we're making
money off of it cuz they can buy it for
40 or 50 bucks and flip it for 200 well
I don't understand like why is everybody
buying this limited limited quantity
business what's awesome but what is the
big deal about supreme I cut you have to
look into the history up there's some
YouTube videos you can look up
you sound like Eddie Bravo gotta look
into it it's really hard to explain and
I like can't even it'd take me a half an
hour to get into it I don't want to
hijack the show supreme right now so
well I just never I wasn't aware of this
I thought it was just like a t-shirt
it's where it started you so Josh Martin
wears him he spends a lot of money he's
a fool
well he wears those goddamn Yeezys that
you were to I don't spend much money on
I get in for retail then buy him
otherwise yeah Josh Martin is like into
every trendy thing everything that comes
out he's like way ahead of the curve
supreme Jesus Christ Joey I don't give a
[ __ ] I didn't know about this do you buy
a hammer
it's a supreme on it the fact they sell
nunchucks is hilarious supreme nunchucks
did we wait on line we were not for
anything like last night was watching
something the real story about the
Godfather and they showed when they
released the Godfather at New York and
there were lines yeah the movies yeah
I'm sure waited in line you'll see Star
Wars but not three [ __ ] days can't
doubt the night before not for a hammer
what did they camp out for back to him
they kept out for something really I
feel like the first I ever saw it was
iPhones when the first iPhones were out
I remember going to the mall and going
what in the [ __ ] am I seeing and there
was a giant lion outside the Apple store
and this was like when one of the first
iPhones
was coming out and I was like quiet
waiting for a phone you don't have a
phone already like this it's the only
way to get the phone I was it was all so
confusing but it was a thing where
people would wait in mine and then they
would look at each other and I remember
when I remember when they were waiting
in line for Harry Potter when Harry
Potter was coming out and people would
drive him by earlier yell and now
Dumbledore dies at the end
another they're yelling out all these
different spoilers all I typed in was
waiting in line for in Google and the
only things that come up are iPhone
supreme and iPhone 8 or gasps yeah
that's right the seventies with the flag
yeah
red green a yellow flag what was that
there was like in the mid 70s there was
a gas shortage so Green meant that you
got gas if you had an odd-numbered like
if your license plate under the nod
yellow was even and then red was were
shut down [ __ ] oh yeah that's you
remember that they had to fly in 73 to
75 maybe something like I don't know the
exact dates then they had a weird line
studio 54 had a huge line but you got
picked Studio 54 3 or 54 was on fire you
showed up and you didn't guarantee to
get in you got picked right the way they
do now in Hollywood like they pick hot
chicks right so they pick hot chicks
what was the thing we're talking about
one night they won't let a guy in
without a check something yes I'm for me
going to go out in clubs and yeah they
never would let guys in without chicks
so if you walk into a club with three
guys they don't want you they want the
chicks in there first
yeah well the glass thing one is a
sausagefest look at all those dudes try
to get in look at Stewart look at this
that was inside but outside the deal are
the people well that could be it no
that's outside that sound what a zoo I
just try to get in just to try to get it
what was the big deal about studio 54
you could snort coke dance get your dick
sucked and get your shoe shines all at
the same place and be home by 6:00
it was a vet you know I mean everybody
was dead like this is that Andy Warhol
it's Andy Warhol but was the girl look
at us she's got a be a bottle in her
mouth you know champagne on champagne
yeah
[ __ ] Black Sabbath this 154 look at
Mick Jagger's wife dancing with any
Warhol looking liza minnelli behind them
Wow so it's just like the place to be it
was the place to be you could go crazy
strange he strange times huh but here's
the beauty of it they have a station but
serious and it's called Studio 54 you
can just put it on on Sunday nights they
do a podcast and what they do is they
interview people that actually used to
go there or work there and I never tell
you something John they had a dentist on
about a year ago and his wife that it
was crazy listening to this interview
about what their life was they were
professional dentist making money in New
York they stayed out till 5:00 6:00
every night but went home took the kids
to school went back home took a nap -
one got up went to the dental office
work till 5:00 went home took another
that fed the kids and at nine o'clock
they'd [ __ ] him bring the kids
downstairs to their moms and they do it
all over again five nights a week over
and over and then the lady was saying
not till he is Leila Liza Minnelli
thought I was a publicist
she goes she didn't know I was a dentist
they just saw you in there it was draw
trust funders you know that's all the
people who could do that type of [ __ ] do
blow till all hours of the night you
could put it out they even had an
interview about when Bob home went to
studio 54 five hope I hope walk through
the studio that know what the [ __ ] he
was gonna wear he was gonna walk into he
went out to the middle of the floor and
started dancing and these chicks got
together started tying Bob Hope up just
tying them around like an Indian he's
just dinner like laughing Bob Hope style
don't you think it's just a [ __ ] joke
they just left him there and they just
tie them up and left them there tons of
stories out there like that you know
like just but then they moved on but you
got picked to go in there how did it
move on like imagine how weird it must
have been when it finally the door shut
and that was it
the people were it was their whole life
for years people move on you know clubs
get hot different clubs I went that one
time and they
a three maybe eighty four it was done my
friend who's already done yeah every
time it was just a bunch as I was trying
to be cool Wow and I found the holla
bill I was out of money with a bag of
blow no cash not a dime in my pocket
can I look down there for no more there
was a holla bill and that's how I got
saved that's how I got home wow that was
it that's my studio 54 story it is weird
those clothes the nightclub scene the
nightclub scenes a very strange scene
now one club gets hot and then it dies
off and the people that are in that
business like try to figure out what
makes something hot and what doesn't you
got to rename places and redo them and
reopening and grand reopening and get
people to show up like I remember
hearing that they were paying Paris
Hilton like [ __ ] piles of money to just
show up a club that's it
the Kardashians and any of those people
they pay a shitload of money you're
there they take pictures and the club
gets hot now after buddies start taking
partners it yeah
shut because you know what's on the way
down I'm so against you so after a year
some guy comes and I love your place oh
yeah I'll take care of ya and that's how
you get out of it or you do a lot of
people didn't they just like the place
on fire stuff and scratch a little
Jewish lightning the play starts to
scratch you know I knew the guy that
owned the gay clubs in Houston like in
the 70s and he was telling me one time
he was you know once we got our you side
of him you let him on fire like the
insurance and then open up another club
that's it Jewish lightning Jesus Christ
it's a weird scene you know I mean
people that just look forward to just
going out and just drinking and dancing
and snorting coke every night just
looking for like experience just
something different and wild it takes
him out of their everyday grind just do
it over and over and over and over
different like when I was growing up it
was club area was big and the rooftop
you paid like 24 bucks to go in at 11
o'clock and you drank all night till
7:00 in the morning 24 bucks all you
could drink
it's [ __ ] booze I mean you're not
drinking kavadi and [ __ ] right when
you're doing blow you just burner that
[ __ ] anyway you come out they give you
sunglasses and that's it if you went in
after three was it was like 20 something
after 11 and then like 17 bucks or you
could drink after three so seven in the
[ __ ] morning and people were packed
that's what New York was about back then
it was just people staying out those
seven six New York is what a four am
glass call once last call in New York
I've no idea
Florida I think it's even later than New
York Florida Florida it closes for one
hour five o'clock in the news cafe right
well [ __ ] and we're having a good
time at five o'clock they'll come over
to you and say hey do me a favor by five
o'clock the bars are the closed so you
can't ought to be until 6:00 so we just
all the twenty five beers and you wait
to the ball pizza six and now you're
[ __ ] ready to drink again I got this
for one hour one hour
this was back you know twenty years ago
15 years ago I'm gonna grow but a weird
rule one out remember that place we used
to go to right down the street from that
improv yeah the Lou's cafe yeah that's a
great place right place great breakfast
great [ __ ] ball the club went
downhill hard though yeah that Club that
place well the whole Coconut Grove area
became the only thing that's still open
to the dueling pianos the pizza joint
that more the dueling piano places -
yeah it's in that little mall there with
the movie theater they always have those
right next to em probs like they have
one in Addison - right Addison they have
one up next to Jon Lovitz up in
Universal they do yeah they used to if
there's a [ __ ] we pulling up there
Miami has a 24-hour really drinking now
oh just Miami just in a Miami
entertainment district it says oh well
that makes sense it's 4:00 a.m. Broward
County and Key West yeah a little
different everywhere else in or later
West Palm is where we always worked
we either worked in Miami at the improv
which is Coconut Grove or we did West
Palm after Joel opened up that new place
the big giant Sal I saw some great place
yeah then the new place though is like a
theater it's like 600 seats it's [ __ ]
huge I mean that's a huge club it's a
great place that I and even for a lot of
there was a great club inside the casino
which they read the
/ oh yeah that shut down oh dude shut
down till next year yeah we have no
action now there no kidding that was a
fun little clutch a fun little Club
because that's a good size that one
there in the Hard Rock's good so that's
a good size yeah the last time I was
there there was a couple next to me that
was [ __ ] in the bedroom next to me and
like animals I mean like [ __ ] animals
I mean like porno film animals like like
I was lying in bed and I heard the any
was in the afternoon I was trying to
take a nap but these people were I was
like Jesus Christ that [ __ ] Florida
oxycotin dick one of those pain relief
centers you take two of those things you
get your hammer with a dick 10 times and
she won't go dead bas Rutten total story
the other day that I read online I'm one
of martial arts websites about his
addictions that's a great article Oh
scary scary [ __ ] scary [ __ ] well he was
talking about trying to get off of it
and how difficult it was and you're
talking about a guy with like an iron
will you know in bas Rutten imagine the
average person who just has a hard time
getting out of bed in the morning
doesn't have a lot of discipline and
they get hooked like that's it that's it
you're gone it's [ __ ] amazing that
stuff's legal did you watch 60 minutes
three weeks ago no that was the whole
look that was the [ __ ]
[ __ ] it wasn't just about the
open opioid epidemic it Oh the DEA stop
prosecuting the word came from you know
it's just a nightmare they're [ __ ]
terrible things listen those things are
terrible yeah there was a whole article
recently about the company that that
sells most of the opioids and the family
that's behind that company and how many
billions of dollars that they've made
off the opioid crisis opioid opioid or
bid how we say opioid I always say it
wrong once that should grips you that's
synthetic heroin that's what that right
isn't yeah potentially yeah it's uh
it's a bad grip like I said I took a
sixteenth one night in my living room
and I had to lay down and that was my
that's my whole resume with ox and cons
and I'm a [ __ ] mule
I can eat 2,000 milligrams of THC and
live 1/16 and one of those pills I
popped it was just a little piece
nothing
my blood pressure drops so [ __ ] much
I just laid down went to sleep and I
knew my pill correct I'm doing that and
never even let it start really never
even let it start can you believe
brother in two weeks is gonna be ten
years since I've done that white powder
we need to think about that Wow I really
think about I still remember being at
Cobbs with you that January and like
going it's been two months I don't know
if I could really do this [ __ ] like I
don't know if I control this feeling and
I controlled it so you like when you
quit what was like the first week like
hell hell first two weeks were hell did
you think about going back just like I
can't do this or did you know that you
had to make a change I had to make a
change
I knew that my spine was starting to
hurt I knew this is buying this time
yeah I was trying to get jolt in this by
4:00 in the morning you know after you
do coke oh right at the tip over here
people done coke get like Parkinson's
you think that's related well a lot of
lot of old-timers that did a lot of coke
in the 70s and then they wound up like
some serious neuromuscular Bob salute
that [ __ ] shops gee a central nervous
system there was times I did cocaine
that was like electric it was like when
you put that thing in your hands or you
get electrocuted you could feel the
electric in your body and next day like
that like in your brain like you can
actually see this is the
neurotransmitters the [ __ ] on fire
you could feel that you know I could
tell when I would go on stage after
doing two or three nights a blow that
week I had no control I really had no
control over my material I no control
over my delivery that's what I want to
tell you like you're just the way you
keep running off yeah
I can't grip it you can't sell the joke
the facial doesn't connect with the hand
movement Oh or the breathing so like I
knew that that was always going to be a
danger in the future now you know I take
all that uh for like a year I drank
those what's your buddy's name that
makes the neurosurgeon no shakes the
football player they [ __ ] the guy up
Romanowski I took all his stuff for like
a year just to did you yeah the orange
drink is for neuro one that stuff okay
yeah it felt good to feel a lot better I
didn't give you brain some nutrition
control yeah but ten years I mean that
that I had to do a benefit in Hoboken
and I gotten high like that whole summer
I tried to get off coke I was doing the
heroin I was trying to get off the coke
and [ __ ] and then that September I ran
out of heroin so I was doing like maybe
once a week and the whole thing went
down in Maryland I knew I had to stop
and then I had this thing in Hoboken I
went whole thing went down Marilyn
Martinez yeah when she died he was dying
I would I went back east that week and
she was dying I don't know what happened
it was like you know what I was trying
to get coke on Friday night I couldn't
get it and I just took it for what it
was I was trying to get coconuts
Saturday I couldn't get it so [ __ ] it I
took the plane back son there couldn't
get it here something happened I
couldn't get it and then that Monday I
had a meeting to do a movie and at the
end of the of the meeting the guy said
listen man we know about your drug
