and we're live all right Paul first of
all welcome thank you for coming here
and you are probably one of the most
requested people from the internet that
I've ever had so I feel good about that
and I'm honored he the first guy ever to
wear a mushroom hat okay that's really a
hat made out of mushrooms yeah it's made
from this Amadou mushroom
it's called foam nice momentary oh so it
was on birch trees throughout the world
but this is an example of why I think
shamanistic aliy plants mushrooms become
significant there's a plurality of
benefits
so this mushrooms a fire starter
mushroom it allowed for the portability
of fire there's no doubt that we came
from Africa we migrated north we
discover something new called winter
oops this allowed for the portability of
fire you can hollow this mushroom out
put embers of a fire inside and carry
fire for days if your clan could not
rekindle fire in Europe in the
wintertime you would die so when you
this has actually made by some ladies in
Transylvania yeah and it's a hardwood
conk oh well but when you soak it in lye
water you know ashes and water it
delaminates into this fabric whoa let me
feel that it's very soft it's also
called German felt
it's extremely flammable so
revolutionize warfare because during the
Napoleonic Napoleonic times this is the
the Punk that ignited gunpowder
even the Chinese invented you know the
Chinese invented gunpowder the Europeans
and that had the rifle so this loud
Flint's bark guns to ignite the
gunpowder this feels amazing it is as
high get a piece can you get that's a
great question depending on the size of
the conch on beats trees are much bigger
than birch these trees just naturally
get larger so the larger the conch the
more fabric you can tear but this
mushroom is made of mycelium and
basically that fabric is a cellular
fabric called mycelium
and this is I have actually I have one
that caught on fire because I'm gonna be
smoking a joint near me and the and the
embers of the joint got on my hat they
just immediately go up no it burns
really slowly so it's a fuse it's a
fantastic for delayed explosions it's
because you can light this thing and
beekeepers for hundreds of years use
this for smoking the hives of bees
because it's it's just we could we could
light it now I mean the whole thing with
one flick of the BIC and this thing will
smoke entirely in about 10 minutes and
turn nothing to nothing into white ash
Wow your fire alarms may go off though
yeah and so with this thing this larger
piece they would hollow this out put an
ember in there what they have they'll
have to blow on the Ember as they hello
well you could blow on a little bit and
you cap it and then you can put it in
your pocket the famous Iceman that was
found in the border of EA and Austria he
had this tethered to his right side
which is a position of significance you
know things that you need like your
knife you know and things that you want
to make sure you have right handed you
this on the right side so there's a this
one example is we have a threat of
knowledge of use of mushrooms that goes
over millennia and most of those threads
have been frayed or broken and in the
chain of knowledge but this is one of
the threads that was not broken and it's
significant I think it's we were much
more dependent upon mushrooms and when
we were forced people than we are now
seemingly in the cities but this coming
full circle very quickly
well mushrooms are weird in that some of
them are incredibly edible and
nutritious and other ones
I'll kill you and sometimes they look
really similar to each other well this
is with the mystery of mushrooms and I
think it speaks to also Michael phobia
the fear of mushrooms done mmm our
Gordon Watson first coined that term but
but we think about it in your visual
landscape with animals you see them for
months years and plants so you have a
very already factored but mushrooms that
come up and disappear in four or five
days some of them can feed you some can
kill you some can heal you some can send
you on a spiritual journey so to have
something so powerful and yet so
ephemeral it's natural for humans to
avoid that which they don't understand
out of fear because they don't know the
difference well you know 23 primates
consume mushrooms humans being one of
them and so that speaks for a long and
sexual use of mushrooms going back you
know and our primate of evolutionary
tree for a very very long time what how
many species of mushrooms are there you
know that you asked me that question
five years ago I would have said 1.5
million and now we're up to about five
million just being is being estimated
well plant fungi outnumber plants five
to ten to one and I just you know I you
know I speak at Ted and I've gone to
these TED conferences but it's shocking
with the smartest brains in the world
not until just recently did they realize
what us mycologists have known for a
long time thirty percent of the soil
mass when you're walking on soil the
thirty percent of the biological carbon
is fungal and the biggest because whoa
whoa whoa say that again thirty percent
thirty percent of soil is fungal mass
living in dead of healthy soil so and
this is the biggest repository of carbon
in the world in the ground is related to
these fungal networks so there is about
8.3 to about 10 million species on the
planet about right now about half of
those or fungal species the outnumber
plants up to eight to one ten to one by
by some estimates really nice
interesting metric and one meter of a
tree root
for every meter of a tree root there's a
kilometer of mycelium now think of that
three feet versus 2200 feet so that that
the extensiveness of the mycelial
network in our landscapes is vast and
it's a you is I called Earth's natural
Internet this is a these are membranes
that are literally sensitive I think
they're sentient they respond to every
footprint that we take on this planet
and as you walk across landscapes you're
breaking wood and that makes new
nutrition available so the composition
of fungi to find that new new nutrition
is fierce and so first to the menu wins
so this is something that we are now
understanding how essential they are for
preserving biodiversity and for the
health of the ecosystems as well as our
own personal health so when you say you
think they're sentient to what degree I
mean and you're not talking about just
like psilocybin yes we're kind of
intellectually provincial and that we
are using language invented terms and
order to describe concepts that we're
trying to we're struggling with so the
let me describe it this way that we
separated from fungi 650 million years
ago maybe you did dude I know some
people that are probably still well
basically we we are descendants of fungi
yeah
we share more common interests with
fungi than we do with any other kingdom
and fungi are closer to animals and the
art of plants animals came from funshine
you and I are actually fungal bodies I'm
speaking to basically another fungal
body right now so Joe Rogan I mean
whether you know it or not you you're
basically a fungal mass and from a
cellular point of view under the
microscope a human cells animal cells
and fungal cells are very very similar
we exhale carbon dioxide we inhale
oxygen as do fungus as the fungus does
we separated from fungi basically we
chose about to encapsulate our nutrients
in a cellular soccer stomach digesting
our nutrients within the fungal systems
digest their nutrients externally they
exhale oxygen
inhale carbon dioxide and their network
like design allows them to respond to
catastrophe and what I mean by that is
that the my silicone networks they're so
dense in the soil and they have
literally hundreds of billions of tips
and as these tips are growing out they
tend to be poly nuclei at the tips and
it allows them to upregulate new enzymes
acid sequences etc so if there's a new
ecological challenge a new food source a
new toxin or something the these fungal
networks are so a great plasticity and
being able to code for new sequences
from their DNA so all you need is one of
those hundreds of billions of tips to
find a new enzyme to break down a toxin
or a new food source and what happens
then is that information then is
incorporated genetically into the my
silikal network and the micelle immense
surges because it has new food logically
and so when it surges name creates a new
was called a sector of mycelium we now
know there's evidence that that my
silikal network then that it benefits
from that tip exploration and discovery
so these are like massively resilient
adaptive organisms that have a network
based design not dissimilar from that of
our neural networks not dissimilar from
the computer internet and more and more
that I explore this the more I'm
convinced that we will find network
based organisms throughout the cosmos
problem probably fungal systems and
fungal systems ultimately give rise in
our case animals it's more likely we'll
find fungal animal relationships all all
throughout the universe do you think
that there's some unknown way that
animals are connected in some sort of a
similar way as well that if if animals
came from fungus and fungus has this
incredible way of communicating with
each other do you think that there's
something like that within the animal
kingdom that we haven't discovered well
that stimulates my thought into and
talking about the microbiome the
mycelium landscapes networks they don't
live by themselves they select a
microbiome of bacteria and other
organisms that rest upon the mantle
these fungal networks are the foundation
of the food web well similarly we have a
microbiome and it's really interesting
that the the many of the bacterial
diseases that in fact fungi also affect
us our best antibiotics against bacteria
come from fungi penicillin being the
obvious example but we have found now
doing such next-gen sequencing and this
has never been published before that the
mycelial mats growing in the very same
wood chips in our case that had been
fermented we had a thousand full
difference in the relative abundance of
genre of bacteria from the very same
wood chips to different mushroom species
planted on those wood chips and the
micro biomes of that were created and
selected for by the mycelium were vastly
different this really strongly supports
the concept is the hypothesis was
quickly becoming a theory I was
committing the difference in a minute
but this really supports the concept
that I've long believed in a spouse that
these mice in little networks are not
just happenstance
they are just you're creating the
habitats in the flora and then
ultimately the fauna that are resident
within the ecosystem to guarantee the
plurality in the biodiversity of the
ecosystem by creating the plants that
crea that grow up that feed the animals
the insects to create the debris fields
and that feed the mycelium for the
benefit of progeny of the mushrooms out
form thereafter so these are
deterministic organisms that are setting
the stage for ecological evolution and
you think that they're doing this in a
conscious manner well see again we're
victim of our consciousness trying to
define what is conscious and what is
smart and one of the best arguments I've
had my brother bill is a super genius is
far smarter than myself
and he was editing one of my books my
celly I'm running how mushrooms can help
save the world and and he goes Paul you
cannot say that mycelium is intelligent
and you can't say nature is intelligent
I go wait bill I respect you but you
didn't realize that hypocrisy of the
statement that you're giving me you're
telling me nature is not in
and yet you are born of nature using the
mind to conceive the concept that
challenge the idea that nature is not
intelligent when you are part of nature
I rest my case
yeah that's that's in defense so yeah so
we're you know we create language and
words to describe concepts so you feel
like your brother was sort of hampered
by these predetermined categories that
we like to put things into it though you
have a word use that word the word is
very clearly defined in our ID thank you
thank you yes you know we Lent languages
code hmm and we don't have we haven't
elaborated the code yet to elucidate the
concepts that we're trying to articulate
that does not mean just because you
can't prove it's true doesn't mean it
hasn't happened right so as our
vocabulary increases you know as our
lexicon of language increases it got
more robust then I think we can better
better describe tests and and prove that
these concepts are true but we you know
we're biologically provincial when we
think about how limited we are we're
truly new Neanderthals with nuclear
weapons I mean this is when you look at
the how how important natural ecosystems
are try to replicate them they're very
very difficult to replicate due to their
complexity so I think the more that we
study nature most all of us scientists
that subscribe to the adage that the
more we study this subject the more we
realized we didn't know and the hubris
of us thinking that these things cannot
occur did not occur will not occur it
really speaks to our provincial attitude
towards nature the idea that these
fungus fungi are creating their
environment and and almost they're the
architects of this environment they're
they're establishing the landscape for
all these different creatures and and
life-forms to live is unbelievably
fascinating that the idea that the and
also that they're connected right
they're connected in some sort of almost
like a neural network and there's um
what is that thing in the Pacific
Northwest the one fungus group that's it
essentially the largest living organism
on the face of the earth
yeah the largest organism in the world
so far discovered is a mycelial mat 2200
acres in size and that's equivalent to
about 665 football fields and that's one
animal is one my
a little man one my Suleiman is a honey
mushroom that kills trees it's an edible
mushroom but think of this
I mean think so for those listeners out
there if any soil biologist know this
well if you go out and get some nice
rich soil a gram of it and you analyze
it the typically is a million five
million
microbes per gram in that soil then the
mycelium is growing out we have five or
six skin layers that protect us from the
infection the mycelium only has one cell
wall on the other side cell wall or
hundreds of millions of microbes for
ground that are trying to consume it
many of which the mycelium is able to up
regulate and constant biomolecular
communication with this ecosystem be
able to prevent predators from consuming
it thus allowing it to achieve the
largest mass of any organism in the
world this is amazing to me because it
means that is constantly in in
communication with the ecosystem being
challenged accepting alliances so guilds
of micro biomes are being created
selected by the mycelium and these
guilds in communities that cooperate in
order to prevent pathogens parasites
even competing guilds from coming into
the landscape so the dominance of these
fungi are to ensure the ecosystems that
give lives their progeny the rule of
natural selection of life is
reproduction so everything steers
towards reproduction so from an
evolutionary biology point of view what
will that organism do to help survive so
it can reproduce and and reproduction
through creating guilds of communities
the microbiome using the mycelium
network as the structural foundation of
the food web seems to be the name of the
game here
so this honey mushroom is what its camp
and that lives in the Pacific Northwest
how is it killing these trees it's a
root parasite so it comes in and kills
the trees and I spend a lot of time in
the old-growth forests and a lot of
hiking I've always been one wondering
about meadows in the subalpine regions
there's all these subalpine forests and
then you come out and is giant meadows I
suspect that the this honey mushroom is
a meadow maker it climaxes these trees
it kills them
they then die and then they grow
physically but then it clears the canopy
for the grasses but it was a prophetic
music is growing on dead material so
first is a pair of media mushrooms -
mushrooms first as a parasite kills the
tree then I say saprophyte or sap probe
that's another word for it it's a
decomposer it it breaks down that
material but as it decomposes the wood
30% of wood becomes water so the
mycelium generates water as the water
lenses are being created the Goethe now
you have more sunlight grasses and
flourish and so I've suspected that
these mushrooms are actually meadow
makers allowing then the elk and the
deer and marmots and whatnot to exist in
those Crossland environments it's a way
of rebuilding the nitrogen a source in
the soil so I think these are over great
and huge the timescales we have to get
away from the concept of our lifespan or
even 100 200 years we need to think in
millennial terms you know over many many
millennia this is unbelievably
fascinating the idea that they're
they're sort of the architects of their
ecosystem there are the architects of
our existence this is something that
there's some really fantastic research
that's come out in the past two years
I'm I'm a science ambassador for the
Triple A estimates from the vastness
science so I am a little bit out there
but I'm really happy that I have so much
scientific support these days because a
lot of things I've been talking about
for 20 years are now about well rooted
and been proven one of the things that
that has been so fascinating to me and
I'm still wrapping my mind around this
but you know the universe has created
about 13.8 billion years ago from the
Big Bang the earth coalesce autostart us
about 4.5 billion there are the earliest
records of life we have is about 3.8
billion years ago single-celled
single-celled organisms but just
recently and Lava Beds in south africa
they found my psyllium infused to the
lava 2.4 billion years ago now we split
from fungi 650 million years ago and
then in Brazil
last year they found a fully intact
apparently a fossilized mushroom
published in nature which is a very
reputable scientific journal and that
one is 1.4 billion years old so the
oldest multicellular organism in the
fossil record today is this fungus and
lava in South Africa 2.4 billion years
ago a fully formed mushroom who had as
its form
grew was growing 1.4 billion years ago
we were we separated from Funday 650
million years ago mushrooms have had
their form longer than we've had our
form by more than a billion years here
Jamie just pulled it up on the screen
here so we could take a look at the one
