poom and we're live and well I yeah a
little closer a little closer all right
don't worry fellow okay how you doing
very nice to meet you nice to meet you
too
you're remarkably normal oh thanks I
know people are we struck at how normal
I am am i it's like wow really I think
my roommate a shoe the maze I guess
seeing a famous child and yeah yeah
that's a very unusual maze yeah my life
is unique to me that's what I like to
say you know yeah and I'm almost like a
peerless person like to a certain extent
there's not too many people I can look
left and right and we you know I I'm
like we have similar experiences yes
there anybody that you ever contacted
like Jodie Foster or someone who's made
it through and seems pretty put together
not really no not really I mean it's
kind of a weird cold call you know hey
Jodie Foster such a small clan of people
like if a comic called me that I knew
you know who wanted to talk to me I
would talk to them because it's such a
small people I mean we do have our
weekly therapy sessions yeah
Jodie Foster you know yeah like we all
get together and yeah we we weep you
know actually we do primal screaming
that's what we do I was describing when
it was like I have a friend who Ricky
Schroder who is you know obviously he
was very famous for news young as well
and one of my favorite theme songs TV
theme songs and I was saying like the
way you developed is not like the way
the recipe calls mmm-hmm like the recipe
calls for you to have a childhood and
try to figure out life and then become a
man and try to find yourself and then
try to find your path and by the time
you became a man he was already famous
and the same thing with you you were
already famous as you were developing
and learning yeah you know yeah III
don't know exactly how to like kind of
even describe it because it's always the
way my life has been kind of thing
getting the same way that like a lot of
kids like you know they go out
and they you know catch bugs and play
saying lot baseball or whatever like
yeah just like yeah like that's the way
it is like you don't really realize how
unique the whole situation is until you
have perspective because you have
nothing to compare it to really other
than I guess TV shows and movies things
like that so I knew that my upbringing
was unique you know I knew it was
different but at the same time it kind
of just it's not until you get some
perspective some life experience but
until you really realize that oh wait
this was this was particularly weird you
know I think one of the aspects is
particularly worried about it is a lot
of kids that grow up famous they grow up
on the set yeah and they grow up
constantly around people who treat them
very differently than everyone else it's
not just that you're famous is that
you're famous and you're also the
complete center of attention mm-hmm like
you're the reason why we're here we're
here to do this television show we're
here to do this movie we're here to do
this thing you're the star mm-hmm and
that I think for a kid that's a very
strange place to be yeah and especially
like I mean I like when I was a kid like
me even before I started working I
always liked being like the center of
attention kind of thing I was too you
know I was just I was very boisterous
you know but uh but in general like I
never really liked being fussed over
when I didn't like you know like at the
hair makeup costume people like poking
at you all the time and things like they
actually wasn't a huge fan after a while
of kind of like being that at center of
attention you know it it does become a
job after a while yeah yeah like early
on you kind of just do what you do like
that's like I was good at it and boom
liked it in the same way like that you
do look anything that you're like you
like it's where the child labor laws
don't apply to actor you do do that
yeah I'm pretty well-versed in child
labor laws well how's that work then it
goes from state to state they can work
you like let's say like in New York they
can work you ten hours yeah but it
stopped right there they can work you
well if you can't get a job if they're
eight that's what you're that's what
you're kind of like that's what their
limit is at the same time you have to
get three hours of schooling in plus an
hour of lunch so really you're only
you're available window is only six
hours or something like that
all right day and then like that also in
like in that six hours they're always
like setting up the lights for the next
shot and you know the hurry-up-and-wait
kind of part of you know
things that's why I like the second home
alone it took like nearly five months to
film because they can only mean
virtually every scene and they can only
use me X amount of hours a day kind of
thing but that isn't that the only job
that you can work when you're eight
years old I don't know why you can't be
a carpenter I mean I guess you can do
modeling you know I mean but like some
kind of performing arts kind of thing
like there are dancers and so forth
mm-hmm
because I would say I was a ballet
dancer before I was an actor really yeah
I did ballet for a number of years I'm a
classically trained ballerina right here
ballerina if you're a man I call it I
say I'm a ballet dancer hmm
but there is a weird ballarino like that
some of the Meuse and I'm like I'm not I
don't think I can call myself a
ballerina look I just can't it's two
bros so I did that for a number of years
and there's a bunch of kids like any
that do that and you get paid and you do
the work Wow
so you know there are other I guess
trades yeah it seems like it's no
business though yeah yeah that's what I
mean I think it's more in the performing
arts kind of thing like you know you
don't see a lot of kids working the coal
mines anymore like that kind of thing
yeah for good reason alright but some
people think that my six-year-old dyeing
a black lung you know there's some
horrible pictures from like the early
1900s of people actually working in the
coal mines when they're little tiny kids
yep yep yeah I mean there are no Newsies
anymore you know look yeah did you have
any say in whether or not you worked
when you were young not really no yeah
look it was after a while it became like
I said a job and it was I like I never
chose the projects they were like my
parents can you essentially like chose
them for me so you'll news McCallie yeah
exactly yeah yeah they called you in a
class and like I never read any two
scripts look I would I would just read
like the lines for like the next day or
whatever like I would like get the gist
of what the movie was about but then I
just kind of show up and
hit my marks find my light you know you
know and recite my lines so real it's
kind of just like again it's what you do
right like it's like in the same way
that like like kids go to like school or
something like that like you know you
you you follow to a routine to a certain
extent yeah well that's the thing about
the human mind right so flexible mhm you
could adopt any sort of weird scenario
especially when you're a kid I mean okay
you just bounce look all the time it's
adapt so easy
exactly exactly and I always had like a
good memory and things like that like
you know I liked you know I was I was
big and charismatic and I like had a
good memory like so I could remember my
lines like that's pretty much what like
if you you know like not gonna give any
advice to any people about like yeah you
should put your kid into this line of
work but at the same time like what
producers really care about is whether
or not you remember your lines but they
like people you know never work with
kids or animals kind of thing yeah it's
like yeah and they want they they really
all they really care about is you
remember your lines really like because
apparently that's a problem like for me
it never was look if I ever lost my
place I would just see the script in my
head and just read it look I think I
kind of had a photographic memory back
then
oh it's faded now I'm 37 I'm about to be
38 in like two weeks
feels weird doesn't it yeah you know
yeah look uh my my bowels are different
what's different about your bow oh yeah
I know just like I like I just got a uh
doing some like random checkup kind of
thing and they're like oh we should
scope you you know so they also you know
they I did the scoping like you know in
my stomach kind of thing but they also
you know I got a colonoscopy so I was
actually hoping like usually were put me
under so I was like it didn't really
matter to me but I was gonna put you
under for a colonoscopy yeah yeah you
know at least I had that anus coping so
I think I don't know again it's down the
throat I was hoping I was actually
hoping they were going to use the but
one first and then put it in my mouth
just ass to mouth boom look at me up but
no no they apparently they use different
cameras
yeah the probably designed different
yeah all goes deep right but uh because
they were like all worried I might have
an ulcer oh into the veins or something
yeah again kind of it's been a little
iffy and so the good news is I didn't
have an ulcer bad news is I have two
ulcers yeah so I'm dealing with that
I've had to like curtail my lifestyle in
general like I'm eating less red meat
you know less carbonated beverages like
ibuprofen no more ibuprofen like there's
no fans terrible for you good yeah
exactly so look I've had to like you
know I used to like eat like burgers
every single day and now it's like I can
have two servings of red meat a week
kind of thing and what it wasn't too
hard for me to curtail my lifestyle like
as smoking less trying to drink less
like things like that what's the logic
behind red meat less I think I I'm not
the doctor yeah it's like if you read
the list of like yeah things that are
good or bad for your alter some things
that aggravate it yeah exactly so red
meat like falls into that category like
it was a funny microwave but chicken
doesn't fish doesn't apparently not or
at least you know less so weird and yeah
might because my special lady friend she
was like you know worried about me and
stuff so she was reading up on like you
know ulcers and things like that and it
was like the first like it was like
seven things that like that flared up
and all of them were like checkmarks
really exactly what I was doing in my
life kind of thing like you know I had
like I said red meats smoking drinking
like I had just had like a neck issue so
I was taking a lot of ibuprofen like you
know and it was just like every single
checkmark you know so yeah I've read
something about ibuprofen doing it
because ibuprofen disrupts gut bacteria
and they believe that gut bacteria but
was there was something really recent
about that a real recent study they
think that they found a new cause for
ulcers like they've changed what they
think these two thing was caused by
stress which can do it like also look I
just again I have also had like I've
just started a new company and things
like that so like I have that kind of
stress like kind of thing like you know
like look I said I hit a lot of the
checkmarks looking when you say can do
it I think what they were saying was
they used to think it can do it but now
they think it's all a matter of bacteria
in your stomach yeah I mean I think
that's a big part of
also if you like cuz I did a movie in
Thailand like last year and came back
you know came back with a worm so you
know what are those like single-cell
kind of like you know when I was getting
the medication for it I was like so what
do i what should I expect from this he's
like what do you expect you to get
better
I go yeah but like you know what's like
sit am I gonna [ __ ] a worm am I gonna
[ __ ] out and they're like no no no one
of those single-cell ones but it made me
more susceptible to like getting ulcers
you know so is this because the
antibiotics that you had to take for the
worm or I mean I think it just it messes
with your stomach chemistry kind of
thing so after that is when you got the
old yeah exactly exactly so you know
dealing with it like it's actually it's
actually not so bad
look you know like so how's it do do how
does it what does it alter do you know
sometimes you kind of get a little pain
things like then um yeah like I mean at
one point I was like [ __ ] like 10
times a day kind of thing you know what
I mean like it was kind of just like
kind of loosened your stool a little bit
yeah yeah couldn't get some mucus II
like I mean I can go in go into it
that's what I mean you're asking me yeah
I find this stuff fascinating
like what just came out of me right when
you can't see what's going on it's like
behind a door yeah that's happening to
it yeah I was like what was that was
that chicken I don't know like which
meal was that one like you know a guy
I'm experimenting with my stomach seeing
what it comes out the other end kind of
thinking again
did you experiment at all with
probiotics did you do anything to try to
yeah this is a fairly recent thing this
has only been like the last like not
even two months looking last like him
yeah like eight weeks or so so like I am
just kind of easing into this thing I
have a list I made a little list or like
things that are good for me looking or
like to eat it things like that like you
know make sure I get some yogurt like
lots of leafy greens you know ribbon on
you jacket you have pinned to the safety
pin it's a participation badge
participate in life look at me yeah I
mean I I mean I went to a UH it was a
camp like a summer camp themed wedding
back in like almost a year ago some like
that and so like they were giving out
participation badges like kind of thing
because if you participated in things
but ya know everyone always asked me
about
the ribbon like yeah I kind of just a
safety pin yeah yeah kind of just you
know I mean I wear like all kinds of
things but for some reason everyone's
like what is that what's that look no
I'm participating in life here I am
aren't I
look here I'm on your podcast you are
participating I am participating you
seem really healthy like you seem like a
like a together person oh yeah I know
that it's really stuck in a shocker for
people I guess so look you know I'm
actually usually for the most part I'm
pretty put together look at yeah look I
I got a good life now I got have a
special lady friend we have a dog and a
cat
oh yeah yeah it's for a family yeah
exactly like there's one thing to like
exchange keys it's another to get a cat
you know so we we had as you can get a
cat together cuz cat can kind of go
anywhere
yeah get a dog together that's it that's
a big one it's a certain yeah she
already had the dog but it's like it's a
it's a it's a girl and she's a what is
she but you knew oh yeah door but looks
like a stuffed animal kind of thing and
then we have a cheese black and then we
got a big fluffy white cat it's like boy
girl dog cat like you know yeah like you
know yeah like it's they're really
really and they're adorable look I've
seen dogs and cats play with each other
before and it's kind of cute and these
guys play all the time it's actually
like it's a very special little
relationship that they have so oh yeah
no we never turn on the television
licking our house just watch just watch
like the dog and the cat and stuff you
know yeah do you do you plan on making
people oh yeah yeah no I want I want I'm
gonna make some babies you know all that
kind of stuff so get this one so this
one's a good one so you know I'm
probably gonna put some babies in her
looking a little bit you know I mean we
definitely been practicing but yeah but
but yeah no yeah no this wasn't again
gonna have a gonna have some pretty
babies she's a she's Asian so I'm gonna
have like yeah I'm gonna have little
tiny little Asian babies yeah it's nice
yeah it's it's gonna be adorable look at
that door a bunch a bunch of Shawn
linens running around the house that's
what I'm looking for because it's funny
like you know like I I'm like it's
almost like I feel entitled to make like
Asian jokes because I have an Asian
girlfriend kind of thing okay you're
loud I don't think I'm well I do it with
her like all the time but like I don't
do anybody know yeah
it's like it's like oh it's like a baby
you're my Yoko like you know just like
you know like it's like you you're gonna
be my downfall you're the most hated
person in all of music yeah exactly
exactly used to be able to if you were
married to an Asian woman 10-15 years
ago I think if I I think if I have Asian
babies I'd be allowed to think so man I
don't even think so because you know I
I'd had to deal with it every kind of
like day kind of thing it's like oh well
like I can you know I understand the
struggle kind of things you know I'm
trying to shield my kids
white male wealthy white male who's
famous you don't have a chance I guess I
know right privileged blond-haired Aryan
male who grew up famous yeah exactly
they're just warming their fingers up
right there probably write a blog about
you thinking that you can make Asian
trip I know I know I know well that was
one of the things that like you know one
of the things I really loved about her
like was I remember when I made my first
like Asian crack look and I just wanted
this and she could have like stopped and
then she was like laughs she was like I
can't believe you said that
like what was it I said I said you know
how I know you're Asian she goes why I
said this is shape your eyes it's dead
giveaway she could stop that's funny
you're allowed to say that yeah I can't
say because the way you drive [ __ ] yeah
I know exactly yeah you have to have a
really like good sense of humor to
accept that yeah exactly yeah but you
know have a special relationship where
you guys talk to each other it's like
baby you are such a good driver like
just you know like just like you know
she's like shut up would you stop with
the Asian stuff like oh yeah cuz you
actually eat she is an excellent driver
so well you could tell her you're a
really good driver for you know
no why that's weird forget I even
brought it up I'm like so not racist I
don't even understand what exactly like
believe me I'm pretty relentless but her
family like they also like their they're
down with like yeah it's it's I wouldn't
even call it a teasing it's just like
you're just telling jokes kind of thing
looking yeah because I'm the only time
cuz I'm the only white boy like you know
whenever we visit the family I got yeah
it's the foot brand evasion its Ty Lee
Ocean oh wow yeah yeah I know I know the
ocean yeah yeah I just got back from
Thailand oh yeah yeah first time ever
that's where I caught my worm yeah yeah
so what is this worm like did you fight
it was it under your skin was I didn't
