and we're live what's going on did you
sleep well last night I did
I didn't sleep badly I mean hotels are a
tough thing and we actually know the
science that one half of your brain will
actually not sleep as deeply than the
other when you're sleeping in an unusual
room like a hotel room really that's
what [ __ ] me up when I'm on the road
you know I'll do three different hotels
in a week because I'll do like a
Thursday Friday Saturday like with gigs
and then by the time Sunday rolls around
I'm a mess in rough shape yeah is that
what it is
yeah and it's a you mean it's a threat
detection thing I mean if you look at
other species they can do this much more
impressively than we can
so dolphins or any sort of sea dwelling
mammal can actually sleep with half a
brain so one half of that brain goes
into deep sleep the other half is wide
awake that's how people the DMV do it
those people that work at the Department
of Motor Vehicles they're there they
work half asleep you ever meet them I
haven't no teasing your DMV listening
going [ __ ] you man next time you're
coming to get your license renewed
there's my next NIH grant I think
looking at the DMV and sleep but yeah we
si workers same thing same same type of
human that I've come across yeah damn -
I'm just kidding [ __ ] relax so when
you're in a hotel room what is happening
that you're half your brain is not
really sleeping yes so there's different
stages of sleep there are two principle
types one is non rapid eye movement
sleep or non REM sleep the other is REM
sleep which is also known as dream sleep
right and non-rapid eye movement sleep
is further divided into four separate
stages which are unimaginative Lee
called stages one through four we're a
creative bunch as much as it is true but
I think it's also although IQ but it's
the deep stages of sleep three and four
of that non-rapid eye movement that's
where a lot of sort of body
replenishment takes place brings the
cardiovascular system metabolism all of
those good things but that's the deep
sleep that
half of your brain will resist going
into when you're sleeping in a foreign
environment so it stays in this kind of
lighter stage almost like a threat
detection system and you can imagine why
you know it's an unusual context
evolutionarily it would make a lot of
sense to just have that sort of on guard
one half of the brain that makes so much
sense and that really for me it fills in
the blanks of like why even if I get you
know seven eight hours sleep on the road
I'm still kind of just out of it
yeah and that's in fact probably one of
the I think the most impressive parts of
new research on sleep it's not just
about quantity it's also about quality
and quality can be as detrimental if you
don't get it as a reduction in total
quality I mean both are essential right
but I think it speaks exactly to your
point you just don't feel like it's a
refreshing sort of deep sleep yeah it
feels totally different um it just feels
like I guess I would say it feels like
half asleep yeah it's really kind of
does feel yeah one of the things that I
noticed I did this thing with my friends
called sober October where we didn't
smoke any pot or do any no drinking at
all nothing for a month and when I did
it one of the things I found was that
after about I don't know how many days
but it was noticeable that I would have
these incredibly vivid dreams and then I
had read that marijuana does something
to suppress heavy REM sleep like what
what is happening there yeah so both of
those chemicals both of which it used as
a sleep aid alcohol and marijuana are
actually very good at blocking your
dream sleep your rapid eye movement
sleep and so what happens is that the
brain is quite clever in this regard it
builds up a clock counter of how much
dream sleep you should have had but have
not been getting and it starts to
develop this increasing appetite and
hunger for dream sleep so that finally
when the alcohol actually gets out of
your system sober October over the name
that's all of a sudden where you get
what's called a REM sleep rebound effect
where you not only get the normal amount
of REM sleep that you would normally
have
get that plus the brain tries to get
back some of that dream sleep that it's
been losing over the past maybe 11 11
months so you get this 20 years serum so
you get this REM sleep rebounded effect
and that's where you have these really
intense dream sleep situations yeah the
same reason that people will they'll say
like I had a bit too much to drink last
night maybe it was a Friday or Saturday
they sleep in late they say I just had
these crazy dreams mmm what happens
there is a kind of an acute version
where the alcohol is swirling around in
your system and after about six hours
your liver and your kidneys have finally
excreted all of the alcohol and your
brain has been deprived of dream sleep
for that first six hours so then it
feasts in the last couple of hours and
that's why you have these really bizarre
dreams after you've been drinking a
little bit too much oh wow so but what
is happening with marijuana though
specifically do you know yeah so
marijuana it does help people will help
it it puts people to sleep quicker
although I think that the question is
whether it's really natural istic sleep
or not that they go into certainly with
alcohol it's not that nightcap idea is
is a misnomer alcohol will actually well
it's a form of drugs that we call the
sedatives and sedation is not sleep it's
very different but we often mistake one
for the other marijuana it seems to act
in a physiologically very different way
it doesn't target the same receptors in
the brain so it's unclear whether this
speed with which you fall asleep after
having a session with marijuana is
actually natural sleep let's assume it
is the problem however is that it then
will start to disrupt REM sleep it will
start to block the process we think
perhaps at the level of the brainstem
which is were these two types of sleep
non REM and REM sleep will actually get
sort of worked out that's where
marijuana may actually impact dream
sleep and shut it down and block it have
there been any Studies on chronic
marijuana smokers like those
dawn-to-dusk type characters that just
are constantly high like and what
happens to their brain from not because
they must never hit REM sleep he
so people haven't looked at marijuana
they have looked at alcohol though mmm
exactly that so what happens is if you
look at alcoholics they will have
something often when they come off
alcohol something called delirium
tremens which is where the sort of DT
there what happens is that the alcohol
has been blocking dream sleep for so
long and the pressure for dream sleep is
built up so powerfully in the brain it
actually just spills over into
wakefulness and so the brain just says
look okay if I'm not going to get this
dream sleep whilst you're asleep I'm
just going to take it whilst you're
awake and so you start to essentially
dream while you're awake it's this sort
of collision of two states of
consciousness so you get delirium Wow I
always thought the DTS were detoxing
other when someone said someone's going
through those three T's okay yeah so
it's delirium tremor yeah delirium
tremens yeah I'm sort of mmm so what
like what is going on with them when
this is happening so if they are going
through this delirium during the day
while they're conscious what what's
physiologically happening so it's almost
as though the veil of REM sleep gets
pulled over the waking brain as it were
so you have this mixed state of
consciousness that you can pick up with
brainwave recordings and it just tells
me I mean in some ways how necessary
sleep must be if that's the lengths that
the brain will go to to get that which
it's been missing you know just shows
you why you know it took mother nature's
3.6 million years to put this thing
called any tower sleep necessity in
place and we've come along and within
the space of a hundred years we've
lopped off almost 20% of that if you
look at the data Wow really yeah and so
many people take pride in that too I
don't need a tower sleep
I got three I'm good ready to go kick
ass and dominate the world yeah yeah
it's the sort of like sleep machismo
attitude there's a lot of that right
yeah it's me baby I like sleep well I
mean you'd be glad to know that then you
know men who sleep five to six hours a
night will have a level of testosterone
which is that of someone ten years their
senior
hmm so a less tough sleep will aid you
by a decade in terms of the critical
aspect of wellness virility muscle
strength years that's incredible
Wow we had a woman on the podcast her
name is Courtney de Walter and she's a
ultra marathon runner and she ran she's
a real freak I mean like an incredible
athlete
she ran this thing called the Moab 240
its 238 miles through the the Moab
mountains and she did it 22 miles faster
than the second place man
so she wanted by like a whopping I think
it was ten hours ten hours ahead of the
second place winner and she slept one
minute one minute the entire time she
tried to lie to this over three days I
think it took her less than three days
thing took her like two days she slept
for one minute during the entire time
but she tried to lie down she said she
laid down for a few minutes but she
couldn't fall asleep and then she wound
up actually just taking one minute and
going to sleep and she said that one
minute was like one of the most intense
restful minutes after that minute is
over she was woken up cuz she told her
partner a running partner to wake her up
at a minute and she's like how long did
you let me sleep and he was like one
minute she's like wow I feel great let's
go but she was saying that she
hallucinates and that she starts seeing
like rabbits or talking to her and she
sees things that aren't there and like
mystical beings and stuff she said it's
really freaky but she knows that she's
hallucinating because she's done this
she's done a bunch of ultra marathons so
she just keeps going she just keeps
going and she's like saying hi to
rabbits they're talking orange stuff
yeah I mean and you you see these
reports too I mean there's a there's a
race of cycling race of things bike
across America you just got to go from
East Coast to west coast in a shorter
time as possible and that's exactly what
they do to it's all about managing how
little sleep that you get and they will
explain these wild hallucinogenic
experiences on the bike if you look at
world records for people who have tried
to sort of go without sleep and one of
the most famous examples is a radio disc
jockey called Peter
trip back in the news back in the sort
of 60s 50s 60s and he tried to break the
world record he went eight days straight
and yeah no sleep yeah he was
broadcasting from Times Square
and he would do his show there and you
know the scientists the psychiatrist
said look this is a very bad idea based
on what we know please don't do it and
he said I'm gonna do it anyway and then
the scientists being the good scientists
they said great Jemaine if we study you
could it'd be a great paper to sort of
you know to write up and they tracked
him and by day three he was having
florid delusions and hallucinations he
was seeing spiders in his shoes he
became desperately paranoid he started
to think that people were trying to
poison him in his food one point it was
the middle of winter some guys came in
with sort of these bears in New York
wintertime came in with these big
jackets he thought it was the Secret
Service coming to get him and he ran out
into the road huh you know these are
strangely but so we know that that same
profile of just starting to become you
know psychotic which is essentially what
happens naturally when you dream that
you are I mean all of us here you know
as long as we slept last night we came
flagrantly psychotic when we went into
dream sleep because you start to see
things which are not there so you
hallucinate you believe things that
couldn't possibly be true
so you're delusional you get confused
about time place in person so you're
suffering from disorientation you have
wildly fluctuating emotions something
that psychiatrists call being sort of
effectively labile and then how
wonderful we both woke up this morning
and we forgot most if not all of that
dream experience so we're suffering from
amnesia what is happening when you're
having these hallucinogenic experiences
like what are the chemicals that are
causing it do we know we do it yeah and
we so we've done some of these studies
where we put people into brain scanners
we let them fall asleep and then we see
what happens within the brain which
parts of the brain is switching on which
parts of the brain are switching off
when you go into REM sleep firstly some
parts of your brain become 30% more
active than when you're awake so it's
you know we think of sleep as this sort
of you know static passive
state where everything just kind of
drops down in terms of activity it's
quite the country but what's also
interesting is that not all parts of the
brain ramped up when you go into REM
sleep visual parts of the brain increase
motor parts of the brain increase
emotional centers and memory centers
they all increase but the part of the
brain that bucks the trend and goes in
the opposite direction is the part of
the brain that we call the prefrontal
cortex this sort of CEO of the brain
that's very good at rational logical
thinking that parts of that part of the
brain gets shut off so it's almost as
though you know that the prison guards
are gone and everyone runs amuck
because there's no controller you know
in place and so we know sort of from the
patterns of brain activity why you
become sort of so visual you see things
why you have motor kinesthetic activity
why things feel it's so emotional but
also why things seem utterly illogical
and irrational because your frontal
brain the thing that makes us most human
you can say goodbye to that for the rest
of dream sleep so there's no driver so
there's no driver yeah now why do we
forget why do we forget those dreams
because I I wake up and I am sure that
I'm gonna remember these dreams and
sometimes I do sometimes I remember and
I don't think I really remember them I
think what it is is very much like you
ever hears someone talk about a memory
from a long time ago
I used to think that people actually
remembered things from a long time ago
but now what I think is they remember
remembering it mmm I think they remember
talking about it they remember how they
described it and then they sort of
remember that and repeat it and in their
mind convinced themselves that that's
what happened because I've heard people
tell stories about the past and they're
they vary wildly from what is absolutely
true like like factual you could check
it you could research it you know what
the facts are but in their mind it's
very different and I think that it's
entirely possible that what people are
doing is remembering the recollection of
these memories and how they told them
and then also sort of people
library things that makes themselves
look better or make the situation look
more dramatic but with dreams that
doesn't make any sense so I was I'm
always trying to figure out like what is
it about a dream where sometimes I can
remember the dream and sometimes it's so
vivid when I wake up I'm like holy [ __ ]
that was crazy what a dream and then I
forget 20 minutes later right what is
that
so firstly I mean one theory of dreaming
is that it's just simply a
reconstruction when you wake up so you
have these fragments of activity and
what your cortex does when it wakes up
is what your cortex is designed to do
when you're awake normally which is try
to package everything can make a good
story make logical fit out of the world
that's one theory I don't believe that
though you your point is a very
interesting one do I remember my dreams
that doesn't necessarily mean I forget
my dreams and what I mean by that is
accessibility versus availability so if
you haven't had that experience where
you've woken up you thought I was
definitely dreaming I can't quite grab
it you know it just and it's gone mm-hmm
and then two days later you're in the
shower you said of washing yourself you
see a bottle of shampoo you see the
label and it just triggers the unlocking
of that dream memory and it sort of
comes flooding back or someone says
something to you you think oh that was
the dream yeah what that tells me as a
brain scientist is that the memory is
there it's preserved it's available but
what happens when most of the time when
we wake up is that we lose the IP
address to the memory so it's present
but it's not consciously accessible
available not accessible if that's true
what it means is that this type of
information we know can have
non-conscious impacts on our behavior
all the time there's great brain science
about this non conscious memory
processing it's possible that we store
every one of our dreams we just don't
consciously have accessibility to it but
nevertheless it's changing how we behave
how we feel each and every day no
evidence for it it's a theory I'm still
wanting to test but that's possible too
and it's only that anecdote where I can
think
just don't remember the dream I
forgotten it I don't think that may be
true it may still be there I just need
to find the keys to XOR to access that
memory what's stunning to me is how
quickly the dream evaporates the memory
of the dream in relation to an actual
experience like if we went outside and
we saw some lady walk up to some guy and
kick him in the balls we'd be like whoa
we would remember that and that you
needed to be able to tell your friends
like yeah some lady just randomly walked
us some guy and kicked him the balls
like we would remember that and you
would remember it ten minutes later
you'd remember in an hour you'd remember
it yes next day you'd be telling your
friends yeah she just walked right up to
him I remember it like it was yesterday
cuz it was right yeah but a dream gonna
be ten minutes ago and you wake up and
dude it was King Kong and he was he was
swinging from my ceiling and somehow
another thief it in the room but the
room got bigger and you have these crazy
dreams and then 20 minutes later you
forget all of it like what is happening
there so one-one current explanation is
that the chemistry of the brain when you
go into dream sleep is radically
different yeah so one of the chemicals
called noradrenaline in the brain which
downstairs in the body it's sister
chemical is called adrenaline
noradrenaline actually plummets to the
lowest levels it's actually it's a
stress chemical in the brain it's one of
them that gets shut off during dream
