so why aren't there flying cars you just
jumping right in you don't say hi
you don't say how's the wife already
how's the wife
how's your book it's been on The Times
bestseller list for how many weeks oh
that the astrophysics for people in a
hurry that's been on the on the New York
Times bestseller was for 67 weeks that's
pretty intense
it's great that's that's a lot for any
book much less for a science book and so
that tells me while all these Trump
books are wafting in and out this is Bob
being like a court like a cork on the
ocean waves as the book of the moment
that either praises Trump or criticized
or it criticizes them come in and off of
that list so this tells me that there is
this unserved hunger that people have
there's a curiosity that this is serving
and it's - astrophysics for people in a
hurry that's kind of a that's very
purposefully juxtaposed it's like
neurosurgery in four easy steps you know
if you saw a book with that title you
have to pick up under what's going on
well not to kiss your ass again but I
always say this about you and I think
it's important you make learning stuff
about astrophysics fun and that's what's
missing you know it's not that people
don't like to be educated that they
don't like to learn they just don't want
to be bored
that's a perceptive point because you
know think of the image we have of let's
say you're in a school where most people
don't go to college if you're in high
school and then last day of school comes
what do people do they toss their papers
in the air as they run down the steps
school's out no but what's the rock song
[Music]
forever right so that attitude must mean
the school didn't train you to embrace
curiosity right that learning was a
chore and now the chores are over yeah
so I think the educational system needs
an adjustment forget whether or not you
go to college because you're going to
spend
years not in school than in school even
if you do go to college what you want I
think are lifelong learners lifelong
curiosity yes where once you are trained
and and and and and your curiosity is
stimulated the curiosity we've all had
as children your children don't need to
be taught to be curious they are curious
to the point of destruction of whatever
it is they touch oh what is this egg on
the counter
what is this glass what is this plate
what's under a rock what happens when I
pull a leg off a daddy long you know
they are experimenting with the world we
don't think of it that way but that's
what it is they're all born scientists
and I say this often you spend the first
years of a child's life teaching it to
walk and talk then you spend the rest of
its life telling it to shut up and sit
it's this this is the wrong combination
so speaking as an educator I think a
missing component of school is is that
the teachers is that the curriculum I
don't know but when you get out of
school you should say to yourself damn I
want to learn more it's almost
universally accepted to that that's when
you're learning ends when you get out of
college it's over you say you're done
and if it doesn't you're ossified in
line and that's how when the job market
shifts you're not ready for it because
you don't know how to think you don't
know how to learn right no and it's the
difference in the in the workplace
between the person who gets an
assignment I Joey
Janet I need you to do this that's not
in my job description I'm not trained
for this that's one kind of person in a
workplace another kind of person is but
here's a new task I need you to do wow
I've never seen that before
great let me figure it out right he's a
two completely different species of
human being and what the world needs
more of is like the the second case
where you take a new task and you say
wow I get to learn I'm gonna learn on my
own I'll ask people who know more you
just you just embrace the act of
learning to satisfy your curiosity and I
think this book is capturing that in the
public I must be doing something yeah
yeah 60 how many weeks 67 weeks yeah
yeah that's a lot of weeks yeah every
morning I wake up I'm I'm calm but I'm
really not calm I'm saying holy [ __ ]
sorry you're alive I can't can I say you
can say [ __ ] I could say it Isis we're
human people think you're a robot now
they know this is it's a great sign I
think and I think your podcast is a
great sign as well the success of your
podcast and the success of a lot of
science podcasts that's an excellent you
notice that there's a rise of science
curious podcast out there stuff to blow
your mind is one that I really enjoy
right I really love radio lab they've
always got elaborate interesting science
the annual perennial favorite that so
many people probably the best right yeah
and and yours as well and I love Chuck
nice shout-out to Chuck nice Oh Chuck we
love Chuck he's great but what you're
doing is you're making learning
interesting and that's why it's so fun
it's it's it's it's there's excitement
to it he bring a comedian like Chuck on
with you things get silly but they're
also curious and you're getting these
experts and everyone's talking about
these various subjects and and as you
know not only yourself as an exemplar of
this stand-up comedians are some of the
smartest people in the world they have
it that they have that far so stand-up
comedians are perceptive people yes and
for sure and they're aware and they
notice things that you don't notice they
see the same things you do and get to
shape it in a way you never thought
possible and then you end up laughing at
other things at yourself was it your
idea to do your show with stand-ups so
so what we have there there there was
several of us who have created this
concept and we there's Helen matzos is
one of the partners and there's another
one who's now left but I get his name in
a minute but there were three of us who
David gamble was his name the three of
us got together and applied for a
National Science Foundation grant what
we said was there are programs out there
that serve people who already know they
like science but who serves the people
who don't know they like science or
better yet the people who know they
don't like science
there's nothing for them because they've
already rejected it
they're not gonna tune in to science
Friday because they don't like science
right on NPR right so what we thought
was suppose we bring in a celebrity
we've all that the pop culture draw this
is the pop culture scaffold we bring in
this scaffold and glad the scaffold with
science because whatever the celebrity
does it doesn't matter there's gonna be
science in that person's life
we had the guy who portrayed Gollum in
Lord of the Rings a lot of getting that
suit that he underwear exactly so what
we did was we so we interview him and we
talked about the technology necessary to
portray go him as a lot he portrayed
that live that was not some later
animation he is live and he's got his
whole body wired up for this and he is
that voice and he is portraying it so so
whatever it is that you have done that
you do there is such because it's
evidence that science is everywhere
you're not gonna you can't say I'm done
with science let me sell my textbook and
move on to other things because
practically anything else you do has
been touched by science and so star talk
is a celebration of that and then a jump
species and so now we're on TV now
alright this is a TV show on National
Geographic Channel star talk
and since you started this by the way I
didn't come here to talk about you you
started this where's our fourth year in
a row we're nominated for an Emmy for
Outstanding informational programming
are you gonna keep doing cosmos too
though cuz Oh cosmos so so so I have one
week remaining out of like seven D shoot
days to finish shooting cosmos possible
worlds premiering spring 2019 there's
the third installment of cosmos if you
trace the first one to Carl Sagan back
in 1980 okay you are I used your segment
on wolves on how wolves became dogs Oh
showed it to my kids and that's right
see the little wheel spinning like whoa
yeah that's how dog became a dog that
what you didn't see is I'm sitting at
the campfire
and this in the snowy environment and
they got wolves walking around me there
on these fishing wires because they they
are not dogs right okay they they debate
over the [ __ ] they want
what correct and when they looking at
you it's it's like should I rip his neck
out now or later when I'm more hungry
right they're not there's no eye contact
with them because they you don't that
they don't see you as anything other
than something that could possibly eat
and so you can interact with them the
way you would with ordinary dogs so
they're on these fishing you know high
tension fishing wire that you can't see
against the snow and they're like
hooting and hollering around me as I
described and the name of that show is
and the wolf shall become the shepherd
yeah my friend did a commercial with the
wolf and there's this commercial where
he's running up this mountain and the
wolf is there and at the end of the
commercial they had to get the wolf to
snarl so what the trainer does is he
shows the wolf some meat and then he
pulls the meat away from the wolf and
the wolf snarls and they're like and
then the commercials over he's like no
no there's no working after that like
there's no Yukie not gonna be near the
wolf right like that switch is turned on
done yeah and it's it's crazy like once
that thing snarled everybody just backed
off and the trainer let everybody know
like once I get to this point we're done
like there's no more everybody can [ __ ]
out of here all three of these cosmoses
the original one with Carl Sagan the one
that the privilege of hosting in 2014
and 2019 are co-written by andrian and
she's the the widow of Carl Sagan oh my
and but she it kind of in his shadow
back then but she's hugely creative and
highly enlightened and so most of the
sort of the the the soul energy if you
will the that what makes cosmos distinct
from other from other documentaries
where you're sort of sitting there
learning you put your thinking cap on
your learning cap on in cosmos it's your
feelin cap you're not only learning
you're also feeling the science and its
relationship to you to civilization
to the world to the universe and her
infusion of this she's a highly
scientifically literate writer producer
and so I just give a shout out to her
just working with her as minute delight
his cosmos on Apple TV or so cosmos was
after at first after it premiered on Fox
and then went internationally on Nat Geo
it then went to Netflix so but I think
this run of Netflix is gonna drop until
the next one comes in I think they want
to clear the clear the landing zone for
the next cosmos but it went to Netflix
but is it available for anyone to get
right now oh right now it should be I
haven't checked that's a great question
I have it all on my DVR and I'm scared
to delete it oh I have like 6% left
space but everyone's DVR looks like I
got your cosmos is in there yeah so
thanks thanks for having having them all
in there who's that Morgan Freeman show
but through the through the wormhole
yeah yeah that's that's that's a Joe
Rogan thing yeah you didn't have that
I'd be disappointed huh I say you're an
imposter you're a fake it's it's an
opportunity to be entertained and
learned which i think is what everybody
misses and I think that's that's what's
missing in most public education it's
people are bored and you take these kids
with so much energy and then you make
them sit still and watch something
that's not even remotely stimulating by
a person who doesn't really care to be
there right right and they know they
know this they know this intuitively if
not explicitly that the enthusiasm is
absent yeah they could feel it yeah and
just it's the worst way to learn it's
the the worst way and it's so hard to
skate once you get out of that system it
takes forever for a lot of these people
to just get their excitement about
education back you know what I say when
I address teachers we all by the way
I'll do this right now in this room that
we have this only three of us but let's
let's take a show of hands in your life
with all the teachers you've ever had in
every class you've ever taken how many
had like a singular influence on who and
what you became
give me a number it's gonna be I'm
betting it's five or fewer probably more
like three yeah for teachers what's your
number
well theirs was the one that I talked
about in your show the last time I saw
you thanks for coming on to start my
pleasure it was a science teacher that I
had when I believe I was in seventh
grade
told me that if you really want to hurt
your brain look up and recognize the
fact that that goes on forever that this
is infinite and then just think about
what that means infinite that there
really is no end to it so but how many
teachers such as that we're so
influential on you that one guy saying
that one so he was not one class one he
might be the one and what do you got for
me it's like two and a half and I've had
scores of teachers yeah okay a hundred
teachers at least so what I tell
teachers is be that teacher to your
students we've all had those teachers be
that teacher and in every case it wasn't
because the topic was something you knew
in advance you would like it's because
their energy for sharing their passion
and love for the subject was palpable
yeah and it just spilled out of him and
went into the course through your veins
and your arteries and you walk out of
there thinking wow that was the most
interesting thing I've ever done in my
life you don't even care what you get on
a test after that because you got
touched and you became an enlightened
participant in that exercise in that
exploration yeah it's just so hard for
them to even get kids attentions though
yes unfortunately hatches going on
unfortunate that could be in some places
half the energy of the teachers is
maintaining order I think the success of
your book the success of your show your
podcast and many of these other really
intelligent podcasts are showing though
there's an appetite for this stuff out
there yeah and I'm delighted to be a
servant of that curiosity and this I
brought this just because it's not even
out yet this the you're airing like now
live this is it you're alive you are
okay so this is like a five-second delay
what is this accessory to war oh this
this is like another book I just this is
coming out in three weeks
is this about space war accessory to war
the unspoken alliance between
astrophysics and the military ah yeah so
so this other book was astrophysics for
people in a hurry if you're in a hurry
do not buy people in a hurry this is not
this is not what this is not an impulse
item at the checkout line this is you
got this is this is all about by the way
we know what role the physicist plays in
war the physicist makes the bomb invents
the bomb the chemist perfects napalm the
biologists weaponize --is anthrax and
the astrophysicist
well we sit at the end of a telescope
and wait for photons to cross the
universe and enter our detector and we
go into conferences and argue about them
so there is no obvious connection
between what we do and military strength
hegemony dominance empire building it's
just not obvious that's why this
subtitle is the unspoken Alliance it's
not a secret it's just it's not there
it's there but it's not nobody's talking
about it do you realize I'll just give
an example okay if you needed more
reasons to think that Columbus was a
dick okay let me add one to it when we
were kids on today yeah I know I know
but actually I do have something smiled
Lee redeeming to offer about Columbus if
you have the time I just wanted okay
okay
start off with that you want me start
out with that well how you want to do it
I'll do the dick part okay so on his
third voyage he's in by the time as of
his third voyage he had already planted
enough Spanish flags that Spain had
already begun to set up governments and
infrastructures in these places
he had found ya basically conquered and
so so in one of the places I'd was it's
in the book accurately but they think
it's Hispaniola one of the island today
he has to get back as his third voice
1503 or 1504 he's got to get back to
Spain he doesn't have enough resources
not enough food for his crew so he asked
the natives would you please give us
some of your stock that you have
collected from your farming now this
particular group of natives only makes
exactly the amount of food they need to
tie to the next crop
they don't have surplus so they said no
we don't have surplus sorry Columbus
knew that one week hence coincidentally
there was going to be a total lunar
eclipse with a moon in its orbit around
Earth enters Earth's shadow the full
moon enters Earth's shadow and
disappears and that the geometry of that
event it's just a simple lunar eclipse
but the geometry says that sunlight
passes around Earth through Earth's
atmosphere and takes on sunset colors
that leech into Earth's shadow giving
the moon if you can see it at all a deep
red amber hue almost the color of blood
Columbus set and he knew about this
because he had read the tables the
Eclipse tables all right we'd known
enough about the solar system at the
time too we got that okay actually back
then it was just the known world with
earth in the middle of the known
universe that didn't matter the rhythms
of the universe were known he says to
the natives if you do not give us food
my god which is more powerful than your
God will make the moon disappear and it
will turn blood red that will happen in
one week you have one week to comply
some of them were skeptical what you
can't what others said [ __ ] we got it to
what this guy says look at the ships
they came in their guns their power
their their culture look what they've
got sure enough right on cue
the moon begins to disappear according
to that that is a famous woodcut that
you know you got this Oh some those
viewing the video of this yeah there's a
famous woodcut and notice the natives
bowing to him and he stands proudly cuz
he knows the science he knows the
astronomy he knew this and so he invokes
this to dominate people who are not yet
scientifically literate and within
seconds of this beginning they bring him
all the resources he wants and he gets
and I we don't know what happened you
know back at the island whether the
people survived the winter but he got
back to the island that is one microcosm
of a set of ways that the universe has
been invoked in this I'll give you
another example los alamos one of the
National Labs they today as basically
since their inception are charged with
tracking the nuclear arsenal of the
United States our nuclear power the
nukes that would go into nuclear weapons
