a little minute all right let's get to
the news at the end of a week where the
world was left to wonder whether the
President of the United States has been
compromised by a hostile foreign power
that's right a sentence that I just said
here in 2018 Donald Trump invited
Russian President Vladimir Putin to the
White House this fall and then spent the
weekend doing some good old-fashioned
rage tweeting where he once again
claimed that Russian interference in our
election was nothing more than a hoax
quote so President Obama knew about
Russia before the election why didn't he
do something about it why didn't he tell
our campaign because it's all a big hoax
that's why and he thought crooked
Hillary was going to win so guys we have
lots of other news to discuss from the
weekend and today but I don't want to
just breeze past this it seems pretty
clear that Trump meant exactly what he
said during the press conference with
Vladimir Putin yes you guys think yeah
welcome back the walk back walk back
it's and walk forward
he walked it back I mean he got a little
too much credit we talked about this he
got a little too much credit for his
initial walk back because midway through
reading the prepared remarks like a
hostage where he said that actually I
don't think dan coates is a mental
patient and I trust our intelligence
community and not Vladimir Putin he
threw in but it could have been anybody
he could have been a he couldn't stop
himself from throwing in the he walked
it back in the initial walk back already
and this has just taken it to its
logical conclusion ma'am Tommy do we
often invite leaders of hostile foreign
governments who've attacked our
elections to the White House do you see
a lot of value in that
no you're probably not going to get a
lot done you also you don't often invite
a foreign head of state who you just met
with accomplishing absolutely nothing
for a follow-up on your agenda last
meeting where you did some soft treason
maybe and no one really knows what
happened and it's it's not just us libs
who were surprised about this I believe
the news was broken to Dan Coates the
Director of National Intelligence by
Andrea Mitchell during an interview on
Friday and I think he said something
like excuse me
yeah no listen Dan was exactly where he
should be which was sitting in Aspen on
stage with Andrea Mitchell we're all
great thought leaders are it's important
for the head of the DNI to be there and
ass
been on a stage where ideas not working
or ideas are flourishing the idea in
that session was oh no the president is
a corrupt or is he question mark
in conversation Andrea Mitchell dan
coates I mean there's articles about
whether national security officials are
ever gonna get a full readout of what
was discussed the Russians are just
announcing things left and right new
partnerships on Syria things are gonna
do visa vie Iran etc etc and his own
administration has no idea what was
discussed what he agreed to what he
promised except for maybe this
translator who's just you know stuck
playing monkey it'll here between come
on American translator yeah where are
you translator and how's that memory huh
do you take any notes I want to just two
quick points one I think we need to get
Trump is like momento I think that he is
losing track of what he's supposed to
say and he needs to get a tattoo that
says I accept the conclusions of the
intelligence community on this arm and
then maybe I don't know don't do crimes
on this car and also too it is so
desperate to invite Vladimir Putin to
the u.s. right after the Helsinki summit
it is well it's there some time for the
midterms he's gonna be he's gonna join
him on the stump yeah he's got it how
does Putin pole in Michigan if he goes
to uh if Putin goes to Wisconsin he'll
have been there more than Hillary is a
long journey for that one and yeah and
all the way yeah I know I know all the
reasons that you have a problem with my
saying that I already know I know I
should do better I will do better but
it's just the point I was only I was
getting towards eventually it's just
it's it's it's a little bit you know you
went on a date you had a good day you
can't invite him to another date when
you get home you think it's too
desperate it's too desperate gonna wait
two days wait two days maybe maybe Putin
would text you Trump did you think John
wrote swingers is that why we're here
how cool would that have been huh
what have we replaced him with the
otherwise I thought it's all last year
that's why sign up at his company I
don't know anyone would notice what
about Trump's argument that the Obama
administration never warned his campaign
about Russia I realized that it's easy
to blow past a lot of these things but I
just let's do a little fact check on
this one yeah I mean
he's the president United States he
doesn't need to be like he can get
access to any information that we have
in the US government from the CIA the
NSA the entire intelligence community
anytime he wants he could walk into a
room and say tell me all the secrets all
the cool the moon-landing being
faked allegedly what area 51 all the
cool all the Russian hack me
he has access to all of it him to go out
there and claim he wasn't told about any
of this is so ludicrous and like lo and
behold of course as it always happens
now it leaks out that he got a very
detailed briefing August of 2016 right
after all of this went down I like it
was in the press like he didn't need to
be told by Obama Hillary Clinton told
him about it at the debate also I will
point at no puppet I would no puppet no
puppet you're probably you're the puppet
I'm the puppet no he's the puppet we're
the puppets both puppets Punch and Judy
those are puppets what await what are
those puppets from there there there's
some sort of old-fashioned puppet show
Punch and Judy I don't know I don't know
any I don't know anything more about
them other than there's Punch and
there's Judy this is very borscht belt
listen we have a lot of tweets after
this listen the point gonna make is only
why didn't President Obama warned me
about this hoax that isn't real that is
his argument I should have been this
entire scandal is that made-up hoax in
which nothing happened I should have
been told about I should have been told
about it by the president before before
I did the crimes
why didn't President Obama tell me about
the crimes I was about to commit yeah I
mean he was he was briefed in August of
2016 he then was told that Russia played
a direct role in the hacks against the
DNC which we know about because he then
said Russia if you're listening please
find the rest of the deleted emails and
go hack them and John you're being
unfair okay they did a different
different Act they did they took his
implicit invitation and did a related
hack which is apparently a skull Patrol
just acts like a casual observer of the
country that he runs it drives me
 crazy that's what happens when
no pundit and a Fox News pundit you know
what becomes president you know so Trump
in various Republican politicians and
pundits also spent a lot of time this
weekend lying about a newly released
previously
classified application by the FBI to
obtain a warrant to monitor the
communications of Carter Paige a former
Trump campaign official who the
government had reason to believe was
interacting with Russian officials who
the law that allows the FBI to apply for
this kind of warrant is known as the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
which is why it's often referred to as a
FISA warrant we had some people on
Twitter asking us to please give us a
brief on this what what if I have Warren
is Tommy before we get into this
specific case what is the process for
obtaining a FISA warrant it's incredibly
onerous I you can now read it I mean
there's a long application where you
have to fill out all this probable cause
you can put for a judge George Soros
okay George Soros gets Hillary Clinton
on the blower you're right you get one
of his typing helpers too he presses he
presses the deep State Steve speed dial
sorry sorry for interrupting so yes so
you go to a judge
all of them in this instance were
appointed by Republicans and they
approve it or not and you have to go
back on a regular basis to get it
reviewed and renewed so it's a pretty
closely held process here and what what
new facts did we learn from from this
application being released even though
it was heavily redacted we learned a
number of things I mean one I guess I
don't know that we learned this for the
first time but we learned that Devon
newness is a discredited liar I don't
know if you want to get into this now a
little later okay
do it so remember when this was all
being discussed in the first place
dumb Devon our friend and if you if you
want Devon Nunez to leave Congress check
out Andrew Jannes for Congress's Twitter
account web page where ever you want to
go Chris go google his name you'll get
that his wwww have been tried the same
Devon tried to say a bunch of things one
was that the steel dossier
we all remember Chris teal he put
together the P tape dossier was the sole
basis of the FISA application that is
not true
Nunez also tried to say that the steel
that the FISA application didn't say who
funded the steel dossier that it came
from a partisan source that is not sure
there's like an entire page of notes
about how the source might have been
compromised and the judge is allowed to
evaluate on that on the mayor
we also learned that the 5s application
wasn't solely based on the CEO dossier
and that it was approved by four
Republican judges and then it got longer
every time because new information was
added presumably because they learned
things that were relevant or important
about Carter pates in the process and so
we've learned that you know everything
the Republicans have done in service of
Donald Trump trying to defend him from
charges of collusion has been a lie
but like the bigger problem here with
Trump is that he tries to conflate the
page surveillance with the the look into
the collusion generally like the right
the investigation into Russian
interference in our election and they're
simply not the same thing well that's
what yeah the FBI applied for this
warrant in October of 2016 which was
months after Carter page left the Trump
campaign so he was no longer an employee
of the Trump campaign so the idea that
it was to sabotage the Trump campaign is
sort of silly and it was already months
after they had already opened an
investigation into connections between
Trump officials and the Russian
government
so because of George papadopolis so the
idea that Republicans keep pushing the
Republican pundits keep pushing that the
whole Muller investigation was based on
that dirty dossier and this application
is completely false they opened the
investigation after George papadopolis
got drunk in London lab in London some
Australians he didn't know and blab to
an Australian diplomat about meeting a
professor who offered all kinds of dirt
on Hillary Clinton that's what began the
investigation in this in this
application the FBI offered evidence
that Paige was the subject of quote
targeted recruitment by Russia and its
efforts to sabotage the 2016 election
and that he'd been Koch quote
collaborating and conspiring with the
Russian government they had probable
cause to believe that that is not a
small thing
no that was not a small thing Carter
took a trip to Russia in July of 2016
the steal dossier alleged that he met
with senior Russian officials he lied
and denied that and then when pressed by
the House Intelligence Committee he
finally admitted that he did meet with
senior Russian officials just not the
ones mentioned in the steel dossier so
Carter hasn't shown himself to be the
most trustworthy narrator of his home
life which if you've ever seen him on TV
we're not surprised yeah look I think
there's one thing we certainly don't
understand which is what makes Carter
page tick
you know what gets hit back him out of
it I don't care I don't care how many
warrants for surveillance you've got on
Carter pay yeah I need a mystic and a
divining rod and I don't know what I
mean it's also important to because the
holding steel dossier cuz it was paid
for by you know the Clinton campaign or
the Democratic Party or law firms
connected to Democrats it's garbage
right it says in the application in
subsequent FISA renewals the Department
of Justice provided additional
information obtained through multiple
independent sources that corroborated
Steele's reporting this is important
they did not just take the steel
dossier and put it in application and
say to the judges now go approve it they
independently corroborated the reporting
that they needed to get the application
with various other individuals which is
why the judges approved it then but
another very important point was even if
they hadn't done that in the same breath
Trump in his like associates try
to claim the steel dossier as bias and
shouldn't be the basis for a FISA
application but they argue that Clinton
cache an oppo research book paid for
with Steve bannon's muddy should lead to
an FBI investigation into Hillary so
they are lying idiots who are trying to
have both sides and it's simply not how
the process works you are allowed to be
a witness and have some sort of
political or personal bias against the
person you are discussing yeah it's just
it basically boils down to this the old
conspiracy peddled by noonas Trump
Republicans and all their favorite
pundits on Fox was that the FBI have
lied to these FISA judges that somehow
they had concealed things in the
application and that they didn't and now
that we know that they revealed
everything they needed to in the
application because now that the
application is out the new conspiracy is
that judges were in on it too and
someone should look in on the judge this
is what Andrew McCarthy said on Fox News
and Trump retweeted and Hugh Hewitt and
all these people judges personally
picked by John Roberts right and looking
a lot of national security experts and
and legal people said we shouldn't focus
too much on the fact that they're
Republican appointed judges because just
because they're judges and the judiciary
is supposed to be independent should be
enough for people but it is worth
pointing out that yes they were all we
can appoint a judges selected by John
Roberts and and I also think what's
important to know is we're learning a
lot of this but Devon newness isn't
because he hasn't read the application
Devon has put together a memo
well if we remember he defeated himself
in the memo right because we actually
learned from Devin Eunice's attempt to
discredit this FISA application that it
was also based on Papadopoulos and that
that came first so he kind of began
discrediting himself earlier but I also
think we're in this debate now where
we're too baiting whether or not the
FISA application was legitimate the FISA
application is what four hundred pages
it is an extraordinary document it is a
it has first of all tons of it is is
blacked out and redacted so we have
actually know a good stuff yeah the good
stuff that they're saving that for later
that is for the other season three yeah
we don't get that we don't get that yet
we're gonna get 30 years from now is
gonna be you know will read in Acts EOC
but so we'll finally get to the wall a
big fight will happen
Axios will release it and of course
they'll have the long-form version which
is seven words but of course if you're
too busy there'll be a to work version
 but but you know we you know the
three of us got us at this debate over
over the evolving explanations for the
problems with the FISA application
started with saying that the steel
dossier was the cause than it was oh the
steel dossiers provenance wasn't
revealed now it's just this seems weak
and the judges are in on it they're kind
of running out of eggs
there's the stool is out of legs yeah as
I often say but that is a big takeaway
yeah which is let me do sorry let me
just finish the point which is only that
what we're talking about is a ton of
evidence about a conspiracy involving a
foreign government to involve themselves
in a presidential campaign and collude
with the Donald Trump campaign and then
administration what we're talking about
the the scale of the scandal is some
time lost in the debate over these picky
and details about this warrant but you
read the thing and you read the little
excerpts you like this is this is the
FBI screaming holy there is a
massive massive conspiracy it is
incredibly dangerous and we need to find
out what's going on right the big big
big picture take away from me is that
Trump's biggest offenders the worst
fringe right wing media the Mogga
dead-enders like kim Strasse land Hugh
Hewitt Trump's kids
House Republicans they will lie and
cherry-pick everything yeah
there's no way up is down they don't
care it is so brazen and then the bigger
problem here is known in the Republican
Party is really checking I'm like Marco
Rubio who we criticize a lot on the show
to his credit went on the sunday shows
and pushed back on the notion that this
application showed any wrongdoing but
these guys you know they've refused to
stand up for Trump for so long and like
every bully ever in the history of
reality in film saw weakness and pushed
and pushed and pushed until we got to
here and so you know Paul Ryan has
allowed Devin Yunus to run the House
Intelligence Committee and it's been
completely politicized and we're in a
place where there's just one news
channel and one right-wing sort of media
ecosystem believes one thing based on an
identical document and it is it is hard
for me to wrap my brain around how weird
and crazy and dangerous than well
because it's they've also succeeded in
making this a fight about whether Devin
newness is an idiot or a liar or not
when that's clear right when the when
the real take away love it like you were
saying is like oh my god the FBI had
probable cause with judges agreed with
them that Carter Page was leading an
effort to collude with the foreign
government who we know now because
they've been indicted for this sabotaged
our election and and it references many
other people so I'm there and
potentially other people and
specifically one thing that has been
public for a while but it's not talked
about enough the fact that Carter page
went to Moscow shortly before he joined
the campaign and then the Republican
convention was held and even though the
entire Republican establishment did not
want the platform to be changed to be
more Pro Russia than it was somehow the
Trump campaign decided to make the
