in April we've got tickets for shows in
Clearwater Miami in Orlando there's also
going to be a love it or leave it show
in Miami and there are plenty of tickets
for that show also we announced a new
tour dates yesterday positive America is
gonna be in Boston in May and Atlanta
Nashville and Durham and June love it or
leave it is going to be in Pittsburgh
Columbus Baltimore Philadelphia and
Nashville in May and June you can find
the information about upcoming tour
dates at cricut.com slash events a
presale is now open with the code
crooked also today we are adding a DC
love it or leave it
on March 22nd 24th Friday is that
Saturdays of 24 also today we are adding
a new love it or leave it in DC on
Thursday March 22nd so you can get
tickets to that right now because John
Tommy and and I are gonna be heading to
DC for the March for our lives we're
gonna gonna cover that and be there for
that which is exciting yeah be cool
that's awesome it was great to see all
the students through the walk out
yesterday I was a pretty amazing thing
to say especially young people I even
saw on Twitter of these elementary
school kids who had prepared press
packets for the reporters who came look
look like written in pet Britney invent
clothes really yeah I've never made a
press bagging so we had an election
Tuesday the much-talked-about special
election vacant congressional district
in Pennsylvania finally happened after
many hours of milk counting it were on
Wednesday the media outlet near Times
others called the election for Connor
Lam a marine and first-time candidate
running running in it winning a district
that Trump won by 20 points in 2016 by
the massive margin of 600 some votes or
0.2 percentage point 2 percent what did
you guys think what was your reaction
when this happened was it relief was it
excitement was it who cares because this
districts going away in a few in a few
months yeah I mean I it's funny I once I
saw how close it was I stopped caring
because
that's all that matter right we showed
that we could swing a 20-point district
I mean as the night wore on we realized
was going to be decided by a few hundred
votes and that it might go into a
recount it might not we learned
everything we needed to learn you know
Republicans in the house learned
everything they needed to learn
Democrats on the campaign trail learned
everything they needed to learn this
districts not gonna exist anymore but it
it's it's incredibly exciting and it's
exciting to know that we have the
possibility to flip districts this red
because as many people have pointed out
if districts like this flip we're
talking about you know a 300 seat
majority is possible yeah it is we're
all election junkies so we couldn't help
but watch the stupid New York Times
needle and all the returns and all the
you know Steve Kornacki on TV doing math
on his iPhone so it was exciting to see
but you know the fact that it was close
as a victory for Democrats and the fact
that Republicans pulled out all the
stops they sent pence
they sent Donald Trump they made a firm
closing argument and and they're calling
lamb a unicorn they're saying he's some
exceptional candidate that you know ran
like a Republican ran like Trump that's
not really true I mean this is a
replicable win in a whole bunch of
districts that we didn't think we're
winnable he's a he's a good candidate
but like you know this guy didn't
personally kill bin Laden right he was a
he was a military background as a
prosecutor this is something we can do
again over and over again so I think
it's a it's a great sign for Democrats I
logically had the exact same view that
loved it did which is this does not
matter if we're close then then we know
momentum is on our side we know we have
real potential to take the house back
and do very well up and down the ballot
in 2018 but as the night went on I got
close I started caring more because I
kept thinking about just the idea of the
absurd response like gloating from
Republicans the Trump Tweed I was petty
in my music logically ambivalent but
emotionally very it no it's also it's um
we're sick of moral victories you know
and it was nice to watch Republicans try
to claim a moral victory after we had
done it a few times after Asaf and other
races that were closed that
how well we could do that but that
actually didn't result in picking up any
seats dan everyone's talking about a
wave election do you think that that is
a good thing because everyone wants to
back and be a winner and so we could
maybe recruit better candidates and
raise more money or do you worry about
complacency and expectation center
setting and re-energizing the sort of
Trump vote I worry about this idea that
it's done and we're taking the house
back and therefore people odd with the
way to think about it is in order to
take the house back we need people who
either who vote in presidential
elections and don't put in midterms to
vote in this midterm or have not
previously voted and have become engaged
because of Trump to vote in this midterm
and if it seems like it's a done deal
when people's votes aren't going to
matter then view those are the people
most likely to fall off first but I
think you there will be some stuff
around the margins that's beneficial of
the idea of a wave because in terms of
money from you know some of these
business donors or corporate pacts with
which I wouldn't take money from if it
was me but for those Democrats that do
they'll they'll start hedging their bets
right they won't just get Republicans
because they want to head in so the
Democratic majority but I do worry about
complacency and I do think the
complacency is part of what one of the
many problems we haven't seen that but
if felt was bet that people thought it
was over so why wait in the line for
hours and that is easier to decide not
to vote rational action it isn't
presidential so I do have some concerns
okay yeah we don't have to drive home
for people that this was six hundred and
forty votes incredibly close everything
we did mattered millions and millions of
dollars were spent on both sides to eke
out this win and it took everyone doing
everything possible to make it happen
and then that will be true in a lot of
districts like this in the fall
districts that will make the difference
between Paul Ryan holding on to that
gavel and us taking it from his hands
which is sadly makes me so excited it
just gets me out of bed every morning
just thinking about that moment where he
just puts that gavel down for the last
time and we say that doesn't belong to
you anymore
yeah it's worth noting that
another special election coming up in
just about five weeks in Arizona that
the congressional district in Arizona
congressional district district in
Arizona which like this seat in
Pennsylvania is been vacated because
Republicans who had to resign over in a
sexual in a sex scandal and that that
district now there's some Arizona can be
harder than Pennsylvania for some
reasons but that was a district it only
did what that was
Trump won by 21 points so it's
essentially the same political dynamics
so something that we thought we had no
shot at when Trent Franks resigned a few
months ago we there could be a real shot
here we there's a good candidate who won
the primary a couple weeks ago there so
that's something to keep an eye on it's
exciting
now so Republicans have known for weeks
that ton rule and winning was a
possibility
and they've known certainly for weeks
that Connor Atlanta was going to do much
better than anyone ever expected
Democrat to do in 18min district so they
had an opportunity to get there talking
together think about their spin prepare
for how they were going to explain to
the media pundits donors voters why this
happened and I think they did it then I
think they got it done yeah they got me
I believe them let me give you some of
my favorite examples of how they spun
this on election night just only
reported that according to Republicans
who are watching the results of the
White House
they were pleased because this isn't a
blowout for now will happily take it I
also really enjoy cathy McMorris Rodgers
who is a member of the Republican
leadership in the house who said we
aren't even in full momentum on tax
reform yet okay what is that what did
you got what do you have any favorite
examples of horrible spin and what you
think of it were you sold on the
Republican take I mean look paul ryan
going out there and saying that he run
as a conservative was pretty hard to
bear I mean look the thing that they
can't avoid is they tried to run a tax
cut message they tried to run ads around
the corporate tax cuts
that Paul Ryan says was it said as an
election winner and they had to pull
them down and just throw against
the wall to see what six in the final
days because people just weren't buying
it to me that is the that is the most
devastating an important lesson of this
race because that is their signature
achievement it is their only major
legislative achievement it is what the
conservative intellectual pundits the
the ones that were supposed to take
seriously said were the only was the
only way Republicans were going to be
able to keep the house and maybe keep
the Senate is by having this
accomplishment they can go running
around the country and tout and then of
course they try to make this thing about
corporate tax cuts it doesn't work and
now all of a sudden it's about ms-13 and
immigration and Connor Lam is a Pelosi
liberal but he's also not liberal enough
on the $15 minimum wage and unions and
none of it worked if you are if you are
in a chain bloodred 20 plus Trump
district and you are pulling down ads in
the final we in the final days because
nothing's working that is a very very
disheartening sign for you if you're
Paul Ryan yeah I love that these guys
went into their Republican caucus
meetings and just put their heads in the
sand and and pretended like nothing went
wrong I mean they're they're one
legislative accomplishment was this tax
cut it did not work they pulled down ads
Connor Lam explicitly ran against it so
you know that would make me very worried
about replicating that message in future
races there are efforts to make Nancy
Pelosi the boogeyman and to scare people
away from Lam because of his potential
association with her did not work the
president coming to town multiple times
to a district he'd won by 20 points
didn't work so I would be very worried
that all of my bullets had been fired
and there's not much left for of
November if I were them but again
they're all just sort of you know
spinning their little yarns here and
saying whatever their donors need to
hear yeah I mean the sorry Dan gone this
reminds me of one of the main reasons
I'm really happy cutter land one which
is if we had to live in a world where
Donald Trump jr. who claimed that his
photo-op of the giant chocolate bunny
the final day of voting had kicked the
race and Rick sturckow in favor I don't
know that I could have lived in America
much longer yeah yeah look they can
point to the fact that you know they can
point to the fact that Connor Lam came
out in favor of the tower
Trump proposed right which meant that
his efforts to use tariffs to kind of
swing this rake backfired because Connor
Lam joined sherrod Brown and being in
favor of them they can point to that
they can point to the fact that Connor
Lam ran away from Nancy Pelosi right
they have that but beyond that I mean
this is a candidate who ran on unions he
ran on Obamacare he ran against the
corporate tax cuts he run for medical
marijuana he ran on some core Democratic
liberal economic issues so they just
this notion that he was a conservative
or they ran as a Republican just doesn't
pass the laugh test it's just not it's
it's spent at you know you're in a good
place when you're just when you're when
you're when you're seeing Republicans
try to spin something and you just quote
it and you're just like look at this
this is awesome yeah because you you
they just don't have anything to say
this is such a devastating loss for them
the the argument that he is probe gun
which was touted at by Paul Ryan by
increases people by everyone on Fox News
it's bolide by the fact that the NRA
jumped in with a huge buy right before
him to defeat this quote-unquote pro-gun
candidate yep and it's a lesson to every
Democrat who thinks they can take a
couple of votes and like keep the NRA
out of their district no you cannot they
are Republican organization they don't
give a about your votes they will
vote you out
yeah and they like Connor line came out
in favor of background checks but I
think he was squishing on some of the
other issues and you know I don't know
whether or not that's a good strategy
but what's clear is the NRA is gonna
come after you whether you're just for
background checks or you're for
background checks banning bump sucks
raising the the age on buying things
like ar-15s and it's a lesson for
Democrats there are these core
common-sense gun control measures that
you should be in favor of because it's
what your Democratic base wants and the
NRA is coming at you whether you're for
these specific things one way or another
the NRA if you came out for repeal of
the Second Amendment and a national gun
confiscation program the NRA was been
just as much money you mean the FISA
bill yes I've done in every pot that one
yeah different build it do you know how
much do you think the Republicans know
their spin is like
today a hundred percent I mean you're
seeing like Jonathan Martin who's a
great reporter New York Times who is
like as well sourced in the Republican
circles and people like him are tweeting
that boy the on the record and off the
record conversations about this race are
real different I don't know why a
journalist wouldn't go in there and just
screw a bunch of sources and report out
the off-the-record stuff but these guys
know they're full of yeah it's
almost disappointing I would like them
to believe their own spin a little bit
more I mean you can't help right you
can't help but let the spin seep into
your brain just a little bit and it's
probably hard for them to truly
reconcile like the fact that this loss
is so unspinning means that their
circumstances are quite unspinning and I
think it's probably hard for a lot of
these Republicans who look at their life
outside of Congress as when they're not
excited to go back to and to truly
accept just how hard it will be for a
lot of these guys to keep their seats
but yeah it seems like they probably
know I hope they don't fully know I hope
they're buying their own I mean it
gained a tiny bit you've been in this
position after like the 2010 midterms
the work everything is behind we will go
on we all soldier on yeah okay well I
was actually thinking about how we felt
about the house at this point in 2010
now we've there were a couple
there were the special elections
actually had gone in the Democrats favor
and that was most because they were in
more favorable districts and Republican
10 really got their together in
terms of like field organizing
understanding data okay so we had a big
structural advantage so I mean we were a
little deluded like we knew was a very
real possibility that we would look that
we could lose the house but we were
grasping at straws everywhere to
convince ourselves that there was still
it was still up you know coin flip or we
still had a shot and how many signs did
we lose din okay oh you know so many was
it 60 is it positive that's 60 there was
so many yeah it was not good I do wonder
like I think probably the operatives
know how this is going and I like that
quote unquote more politically savvy
[Music]
members of the Republican House but they
basically
a Fox News bubble and that's why they
believe Romney was gonna win that's why
even Republican House members who have
access to 538 believe that Romney was
gonna win up until you know they were
they were spiritually with Karl Rove
trying to argue the the Ohio results I'm
Megan Kelly Trump even Trump's like hey
why isn't anyone paying more attention
to the Rasmussen poll like the most
cooked republican-leaning poll out there
live you guys are delusional from the
top down yeah you know we were holy that
has mediocre political standing exactly
but no but look this is again like Trump
winning is this Black Swan event that
prevented certain kinds of reckonings
and one of the reckonings that was
supposed to happen is propaganda stops
working when it bumps up against the
real world and had they lost and face
the consequences of that loss they would
have seen that FoxNews sent them down a
bad path because it misinformed people
doesn't just misinformed people about
policy and misinformed people about
politics if you're watching something
that's saying every day
why Connor Lang can't win why such a bad
candidate while Republicans should hold
the House by Democrats can't get their
 together and then you lose the
house that tells you that your
information isn't reliable so these guys
have been coasting for such a long time
in an information bubble that hasn't
been popped because of our failure to
win elections yeah and you can see this
in some of the online responses from
sort of the nagging knuckleheads which
is well the polls say and Hillary was
going to win too
and so it becomes it's a security
blanket ah Wow if you were let's pretend
like we listened to bizarro world and
you worked you were a tax cutting racism
excusing House GOP eight how would you
would you would you have tried to spin
this in any way would you have a
different approach to this I mean I
think you kinda have to do the Baghdad
Bob thing if you're a press guy in front
of the in front of the cameras but you
know then I would take the first uper
over to the White House and try have a
conversation with their political office
and see if there's anything we could do
differently to shake things up by yeah I
actually think if I I don't know that I
didn't agree with that I think that you
that the best thing you could do is say
this is the wake of hall the wake-up
call that House Republicans needed is a
tough loss and in a district we should
have won and the good news is we're
taking our lessons from this and we're
not going to be complacent and we're
gonna use everything we learn from this
to make sure we keep the house right
that's that I think is a but like what
is that message okay then what what do
you do I don't know I don't want to work
with these people I want to leave I'm
gonna go take a job at pharmacogenes
yeah
new problems none of them are gonna vote
for anything right like there's no
they're floating today there might be
