thanks hi everyone well thank you for
having me I just I missed the first part
of the show have you guys talked about
Trump we were waiting for you man thank
you for doing this thank you my pleasure
it's great to be here do you remember
the first time we met yeah in my office
at the White House in your tiny little
windowless basement office wow this is
relatable Bill Simmons Wayman and you I
was hosting the White House
Correspondents Dinner and you'd written
President Obama's material for that
dinner a lot of it and that was a lot of
screaming backstage he screamed
backstage - yeah and we had almost it
was it was funny I'll never forget it
because you didn't want to tell me what
any of the president's jokes were and I
didn't want to tell you what any of my
jokes were we're just kind of looked at
her to like yeah it's gonna be funny we
looked at each other for a while and I
said that it'll be all right
[Laughter]
so you stepped into the political fray
last year in May because your son Billy
underwent surgery for congenital heart
disorder and I remember when when you
were gonna speak about this you said to
me that when you want to make this
argument you don't want to be preaching
to the choir you want to be try to
persuade people who don't agree with you
so how did you go about doing that and
since you've been talking about it like
have you had you know people come up to
you and say you've changed my mind and
it's been working
no no one who said I get a lot of hate
mail and it doesn't mention anything
like that I will say when you know I've
spoken about a few different subjects
and when I spoke about my son the
reaction was largely positive and in
fact most of the negative reaction that
I got at least on online scene
be from people who are just trying to
get others to click through to their
articles you know just taking a contrary
position and I think that was I think
most people at the very least they said
alright well the guy you know I don't
agree with him but his son had heart
surgery and I could see why he's upset
and he seems to care about the other
people I don't care about the other
people but he cares about the other
people and so god bless him but and then
I spoke about gun control and it was
very very very different and those
people are intense yeah yeah that was a
whole different thing the ugliness
factor ratcheted it up significantly but
and then they kind of went back to the
health care thing and then hated me for
that - so I got retroactively hate from
the healthcare thing and I became as I
think they liked to call me a chuck
schumer's puppet ok no very multifaceted
yes great um you know you talk I
remember seeing you host the Oscars and
by the way can i I'm sorry to interrupt
the last time I was on this stage Warren
Beatty was standing next to me Wow he
looked like he'd seen a ghost he had two
envelopes in his hand for no reason and
I walked I walked to the wings and just
everyone went crazy Wow well that's good
because I was just about to ask you some
questions for John Legend so you saved
off me not making that mistake you know
you you mentioned when at the Oscars
last year reaching out and talking to
people that disagree with you and how if
everybody was watching reached out and
talked to someone who disagreed with him
that maybe we could make a difference so
fast forward to last week you made a
video where you featured a woman who is
a doctor recipient who was facing a
panel of people who were people who
didn't believe in daca and I want to
started watching the clip thinking like
well this is gonna be great
that's what I thought it was good
it wasn't great by the way it was the
version that we showed on television the
real version was much much uglier how is
it
really
it worse what happened well I mean I
almost got in a fight with one of the
guys there are nearly yeah there were
some just there was no respect being
shown for this family and that they were
being just well if you didn't see it
what happened was and I thought this was
a slam dunk and I thought this was gonna
be great and really have a positive
effect and we of course you know we're
all worried about daca and we found a
young woman who is in her 20s she came
to the United States when she was a year
old her parents brought her Europe she's
lived in Kansas for her whole life she
had a baby and you know now she's
potentially subject to deportation so
she's in nursing school just a great
person so I brought these these six
people actually I will say one thing
that should give us a little faith in
humanity is we tried to find people just
out on the street pedestrians and we're
unable to find anyone who opposed daca
and we have a lot of tourists here in
Hollywood so we're not just talking
about our way I mean almost nobody
outside this theater is from LA yeah and
so it's true there are tourists and
superheroes outside so so we found
people who talked about you know they're
there again stock online and we brought
them in and I thought okay so here's how
this is gonna go we're gonna sit them
down I'm gonna introduce them to this
woman she's got this adorable baby who
was born in the United States I'm gonna
tell her story and explain that she
potentially could get deported to Mexico
her daughter is an American citizen you
know how does that work exactly and then
I was gonna bring out her fiancee who is
in the military and who's about to get
sent overseas and we'll be there for how
long he doesn't know and she could
potentially be sent back to Mexico with
his daughter while he's fighting for our
country and I really thought that this
would have an impact on these people and
it had almost no impact whatsoever in
fact they seemed mad
they seem matter yeah if I brought
somebody who been busted for shopping my
favorite moment was the woman who was
like why don't you get an immigration
attorney like it wouldn't have occurred
to them years ago to get an immigration
attorney since they were trying to deal
with immigration and the simple argument
that they tried to make is well why
don't you guys just get married and then
you can become an American citizen well
first of all it's not that simple you do
have to go back to Mexico and you have
and you could potentially be there for
ten years according to their immigration
attorney but also what if they didn't
want to get married what if they'd had a
child together and they plan to raise
the child together and they weren't
married
I mean his child is an American citizen
the idea that the child mother would be
sent to another country it doesn't it
makes so little sense to me I assumed it
would make no sense even to these people
who but they had really it really did
not and one woman at the end I thought
and was she was a sweet woman and she
was at least compassionate she at least
had some empathy I'm not sure that she
necessarily changed her opinion either
so she wasn't the one you almost got in
a fight with she was not she was trying
to plan the wedding
what would she was doing can you
describe your almost getting into a
fight over this there was a one guy in
particular who kept in - and when
Michael the military man who works here
in the United States kept was trying to
explain his position this guy kept
interrupting him with his Sean Hannity
 over and over and over again
and it was upsetting him and upsetting
his wife and upsetting me and the baby
was sleeping so the baby was fine but
everybody was upset yeah yeah so can I
ask I mean obviously you spoke out about
health care because you had this family
connection your son went through surgery
and then you went on to gun violence and
then now you've been talking about daca
what made you embrace not just political
comedy which a lot of comedians have
done in the Trump era but the political
advocacy what's made you do that
well real serious concern for the future
of this country and having children you
know I have four children I have two
older children in their 20s and when I
had them I was in my 20s I didn't
necessarily think about politics in the
future you know I was just trying to pay
the rent and to make sure they had food
and maybe take them to Disneyland every
once in a while but now you know as I'm
50 years old and my son went through
this situation I saw these families and
I saw a lot of low-income people being
served at this hospital that relies on
donations and it seemed wrong to me that
a hospital should even have to rely on
donations and it I saw that even though
those kids were getting great treatment
at Children's Hospital here in Los
Angeles that and it's a great Hospital
they trained doctors that go all over
the country and all over the world and
work in every town but I saw that these
people you know they had to take months
off work you know they they can't get
Melissa McCarthy to fill in for them
that week you know like I was able to do
and and it upset me and I wondered how
they're like making it and free even you
can't work you're upset your whole
family is upset it's sometimes you know
heart disease at least in my situation
is an operation and hopefully it works
and then you're done with it but their
children with cancer and you know these
long-term chronic diseases that they'll
have to deal with for the entirety of
their lives and it just just so happened
that at that time the Affordable Care
Act was was in jeopardy and I don't
necessarily believe that things happen
for a reason
I really don't but it sure seemed like a
coincidence and it seemed like I just
felt like I don't know if I felt like it
was a message being sent to me but I
just felt like I had to say something
about those other people and
and in doing so you know there's Paranal
in late night television always the
history late night television is don't
show your hand don't tell people what
your political affiliation is I think
Jon Stewart really changed that for but
but when you but when it came to network
television that really still was the
case I mean it wasn't until late in
Letterman's career that we knew what his
affiliation is you know Jay Leno I think
most people thought he was a Republican
and he's not he's a Democrat you know
but you wouldn't know it from watching
his show and there was some wisdom to
that because when you tell a joke if you
think the person telling the joke is
unbiased you can just appreciate the
joke for what it is the underlying
reason is you could potentially lose
half your audience if they feel like
you're not one of them a lot of it is do
I like this guy and you know that's part
of the deal but maybe the good thing
about now having a hundred different
channels and 30 different talk shows is
you can be honest and you can talk about
these things and these things that mean
something to you and it also just so
happens that pretty much every
late-night talk show host is a liberal
[Laughter]
go figure and that's because it requires
a measure of intelligence
[Applause]
not a tremendous amount of intelligence
you do have to be over the baseline sir
sir
so I guess speaking of intelligence one
of the things that's been really fun to
watch it has been when you take people
on on Twitter who are much dumber than
you
for example Roy Moore I think you and
Donald Trump jr. have gotten into it and
I think a lackey of a Lackey of a Lackey
of it or is it their fourth Lackey
anyway there's a there's a multi level
Lackey of Paul Ryan have gotten into it
if you could fight anybody on Twitter
who would you fight and how would it go
well it's hard to top Donald Trump jr.
because first of all he's Donald Trump
jr. yeah what could be worse than being
Donald Trump
you're not even Donald Trump you've got
that jr. at the end I would every time
if I had to choose between being Eric
Trump and Donald Trump jr.
I would never dejected on I don't think
Republicans even liked him I don't I
don't know his wife probably doesn't
like him let's be honest I mean we you
want an unlikable character you want
somebody that you know Roy Moore was
pretty great it's like who's on Roy
Moore side in this battle you know who
am I gonna lose in this fight a horse
but I think the president would be the
president like what would what would
prompt you to take on the president well
I never start any of these fights they
someone else always starts them so I
would just wait for him to say something
in basilic first I probably point out
the spelling errors or bad use of quotes
see when he put Trump in quotes
I get more caught up with that than the
message it's like why is trumpet quote
he like you know it's not
easy to put quotes on your phone it's it
takes some doing
also the capitalization and units ran it
always ass insanity I have the I have an
idea and I think I know this is I know
this would be I know a lot of people
would have a problem with this but what
if we were all required to take an IQ
test okay and that number had to be a
part of our Twitter handle had to that's
it you want to be on Twitter there's a
test it's got to be there and then we
just kind of know where everybody's
coming from do it solve a lot of
problems
