the rooh thank you for joining us on
party of the people my pleasure so good
to be here so I know we recorded alive
and the audio was awful so here we are
in the studio take two here we go
so why state's attorney you know I spend
a lot of my time explaining to folks in
Baltimore that there is no one who can
do more good for criminal justice reform
in Baltimore or can have more of an
impact on crime in Baltimore than the
state's attorney so many folks think
when crime goes up we blame the police
commissioner or we blame the mayor we
blame the City Council but the reality
is that in Baltimore and other cities
across the country it's always been the
top prosecutor that has set priorities
that has led these proactive
investigations that have made such a
difference you know the tragedy of what
is unfolded in Baltimore these last
couple years is not just that we've had
eleven hundred plus murders and Counting
not just the tens of thousands of
burglaries and robberies that are
happening by the dozens every day the
tragedy is that it didn't have to be
that way in fact for over a decade we
saw fewer and fewer arrests in Baltimore
we saw fewer and fewer young black men
incarcerated for petty offenses year
after year and we saw fewer and fewer
homicides and shootings and carjackings
and robberies we figured out a way to
bring crime down and at the same time
arrest fewer people and that was led by
prosecutors it was the US Attorney for
the District of Maryland the state's
attorney for Baltimore City the Attorney
General for the state of Maryland who
were spearheading those strategies and
today I sit here in a city that I love a
city that has given my family so many
opportunities and crime is out of
control it has become the defining
narrative of Baltimore and if we want to
change what's going on in Baltimore we
have to start by tackling the problem of
crime and I don't think I don't think
anybody has more power to do that than
the state's attorney for Baltimore City
and what in your experience qualifies
you for this role you know I've had the
privilege of dedicating my entire career
to public service as you know I'm from
Baltimore and my parents are retired
city schoolteachers my mom taught at
poly before I was born and finished her
career at Morgan State my father was at
Edmondson and Douglas and southern
Western these proud schools with long
traditions in Baltimore and I myself am
the product of public schools I went to
Edmondson Heights Elementary and I
graduated from Woodlawn high school and
then I had the privilege of going to
Yale for college and Harvard for Law
School
where I served as president of the
Harvard Law Review before Barack Obama
made it cool I then clerked on the US
Supreme Court for Justice Stephen Breyer
and then I returned to Baltimore for a
career in public service I was a federal
prosecutor I was a city prosecutor I was
the head of the major investigations
unit which was a unit dedicated to going
after the most dangerous criminals the
most violent gangs and most recently I
served as Deputy Attorney General for
the state of Maryland and between my
deep roots in Baltimore and a career as
a proven prosecutor we're in a very
precarious moment here in Baltimore I
think my entire career has prepared me
for this this extraordinary moment now
let's talk about your platform so you
make a pretty aggressive claim that
you're gonna cut homicides about half in
the first three years of your
administration if you are the state's
attorney we've seen people running for
this office time and time again and make
big claims that they are not able to
follow through on what makes this one
something that you think you actually
could pull off let me say a couple of
things let me start by talking about the
politics of this actually most political
consultants would tell you to say you're
gonna reduce crime or you're gonna
reduce crime significantly they never
actually give you a concrete marker that
you can be measured against a lot of my
advisor said why are you suggesting such
a concrete number when you're running
for re-election they're gonna hold you
to that and my answer was I want to be
held to that I'm not saying these things
to get elected I'm saying these things
because these are the pledges that I
make that I believe I can deliver on and
if I can't then the people of Baltimore
are entitled to hold me accountable
against my own promises and pledges the
second thing to bear in mind is this
isn't as ambitious as it sounds we were
80% of the way there five years ago if
we cut murders in half in Baltimore our
city would be almost as safe as
Milwaukee as Oakland
that's how off the charts we are but I I
remind people that you're right people
oftentimes say the same 15 words when it
comes to crime
focus on violent repeat offenders let's
invest in the youth let's focus on
re-entry all of those things are true I
believe them deep in my heart but I
think what distinguishes me from
certainly the other candidates but from
a lot of other politicians is the
concrete details of the plan afterwards
what are the next 15 words for the next
150 words for how you translate those
aspirations those promises into results
so we put out a very specific plan we're
gonna focus on the 11 deadliest
neighborhoods in Baltimore City each of
which have had 50 or more homicides and
shootings since 2015 we're gonna develop
focused gang prosecutions in each of
those neighborhoods that's not about
locking up the corner boys it's not
about mass incarceration about
identifying the engines of violence the
specific violent repeat offenders that
are part of these organized crews and
bringing them to justice
thanks to proactive long-term
investigations the second thing I want
to do is I actually want to marry
community policing with community
prosecution our prosecutors shouldn't be
doing cases in West Baltimore one week
in cases in East Baltimore the next week
they should get to care about their
community they should get to know not
only the patrol officers and the Intel
lieutenants but the faith leaders the
community organizations the schools the
streets the violent gangs the violent
repeat offenders that define their
particular plot of responsibilities that
I think gives them a sense of ownership
over that as well the third part of the
plan is to focus on high-impact
prosecutions and if it's okay let me
come back to that looks that thing's an
important one the fourth is to reinvest
in reentry one of the most terrifying
statistics about Baltimore City is that
73% of the people that are released into
our city are really incarcerated within
three years that's absolutely
unacceptable it is the definition of a
revolving door when I decided to run I
promised myself I wouldn't over promise
what I can do I can't solve that problem
alone I've got a thirty five million
dollar budget and 200 lawyers that work
for me but I can be the tip of the spear
I can go into prisons not six days
before people are released but six
months before they're released and sit
down and talk with the most at-risk in
25:35 of them and say gentlemen and a
lot of them will be young black men we
got some bad news and we got some good
news the bad news is that you are at
greatest risk of being killed or killing
someone else within a year of your
release the good news is that no one in
this room wants that to happen so we're
gonna develop for you a comprehensive
reentry plan that addresses your
specific demons the trauma from your
childhood the substance abuse challenges
that you struggled with as an adult the
record that needs to get expunged the
skills deficits that we need to be
addressed that job training the housing
placement that we need to make sure is
in place before you get out to ensure
that you have a successful shot at
becoming constructive member of society
again that prosecutors can do that's
something that prosecutors have been
doing in the outside of prisons there's
no reason we shouldn't be playing a role
when it comes to re-entry as well the
last part of the plan is really
important because we have to stop
prosecuting victims of addiction and
victims of trafficking for petty
offenses every time we decide to
prosecute a heroin addict for loitering
we are making a decision to take
resources away from a circuit court
felony prosecutor who's got too many
carjackings on on their docket when I
announced my campaign I said we're gonna
bring record-breaking homicide rates to
record lows at record speed and at the
same time create the most transparent
innovative progressive Prosecutor's
Office in American history and I mean
what I say we don't need mandatory
minimums we don't need mass
incarceration we're gonna stop and end
the cash bail system we're gonna stop
seeking life without parole for
juveniles and we're gonna stop
prosecuting victims of addiction and
victims of trafficking for these petty
offenses categorically across the board
and one of the reasons why that's so
important for a city like Baltimore is
those are resources we can reclaim to
focus on what I referred to earlier as
high-impact prosecutions a couple years
ago reported with the Baltimore Sun
found that Baltimore had one of the
highest lethality indexes in the country
so in most American cities even the most
dangerous ones one in five one in six
shootings ends in death in Baltimore
it's one in three and this reporter said
I don't understand we got Johns Hopkins
one of the best hospitals in the known
you know
on the east side we got a level 1 Shock
Trauma Center at the University of
Maryland on the west side where some of
the best surgeons in the country come to
Train why are our shootings more fatal
than other American cities well he
looked at data nobody had ever looked at
before he figured it out
turns out Baltimore has a higher
percentage of headshots than any other
American city Baltimore has a higher
average caliber weapon than any other
American city and Baltimore has more
casings per crime scene than other
American cities quite literally our
shooters are using bigger bullets more
bullets and they're finishing their
victims off with headshots again that's
terrifying but there is an insight there
there's an opportunity there because in
2015 three years ago we had 344
homicides
nearly 250 of which are unsolved today
it's a terrible clearance rate again I
can't go and solve all of them but what
I can do is create a cold-case unit of
prosecutors as I've pledged to do to
focus on those homicides that have the
profile of being committed by a serial
killer because if you're using 40
caliber weapons and high-capacity
magazines and finishing your victims off
with headshots that's not your first
crime it's not even your first shooting
you've done it over and over again and
we can bring a measure of justice not
only to that family but we can prevent
two or three or four more those are the
kinds of things that we can do to create
a progressive office but also a more
safe City now how did you get to have is
it the aggregate of all those things you
didn't just sort of adds up to have how
did you get yeah you know between
college at Yale and and Harvard Law
School I spent three years in McKinsey
and we did lots of tables and graphs and
I want to be very concrete about this
those 11 neighbourhoods account for
about 40% of the homicides in Baltimore
City and one of the things that we did
was we said let's look at two examples
of prosecutions we've done in Baltimore
City to see what kind of impact we can
have on those neighborhoods and we made
some assumptions we said if we were half
as successful in those 11 neighborhoods
as we were in Greenmount in Cherry Hill
in investigations that I was involved in
here's the impact we could have with
that particular strategy and we made
similar assumptions about each of the
five strategies to find that we could
get us to half it's also linked to the
fact that that's where we would have
been
just a couple of years if we'd stayed on
track from before three years ago so you
know the new state's attorney the
current state's attorney excuse me got
into office in 2015 if we'd stayed on
track from the two thousand eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen that's where
we'd have been just a couple years later
let's talk about the idea of the Lebanon
deadliest neighborhoods in the gang
prosecution how do you focus on gangs
without recreating the disparities
around race that we know exist in the
criminal justice system and I asked
because you and I both know that people
who are involved in Street organizations
don't carry around membership cards are
like hey I'm in a gang like please come
arrest me so how do you do that in a way
that isn't just creating drag nets and
communities and sweeping people up ya
know it's a really important point
because there is a temptation to try to
ratchet up the number of people you've
been dated and what I think is really
important is to make sure your
prosecutors know that their goal is not
to get everyone off of the street it's
to get the engines of violence off the
street and the truth is that prosecutors
have to sleep in the bed they make if
you indict a lot of people just for the
sake of the indictment two things happen
number one you lose credibility with
judges number two you got that many more
cases that you have to resolve and so as
a federal prosecutor we learned that the
importance was not to indict a hundred
people he was to indict the ten or 12
that were most important to that
organization and you can look at their
records you can look at soft
intelligence from the community you can
look at the crimes that those
individuals are committing to make sure
you're not arresting every victim of
addiction who happens to also sell drugs
for the organization every you know
homeless person who happens to also you
know get a little bit of money to to you
know to hold some of the cash or hold
some of the drugs
that's an irresponsible strategy it's
also not gonna make us any safer
and by the way when you do arrest some
of those individuals you're not actually
making the streets safer because they go
charged with some modest role in the
organization and they go right back out
they spend 12 hours in central booking
and the right background of the street
and the only reason frankly they spend
more time is if they can't make some
modest cash bail because they can't
afford it and that of course is a
huge problem here in Baltimore City that
I intend to end by you know getting rid
of the cash bail system all together in
Baltimore but in the meantime if you're
not being thoughtful and focused on who
you are bringing to justice
these dragnet strategies of yesteryear
end up creating lots of cases but very
little safety for the sake of the
community let me paraphrase back what I
think I heard is the the way that you
would not recreate the disparities is
focusing on like high people who are
leaders essentially yeah like that would
be the strategy I think there's there's
two critical criteria
there's the leadership and the folks
that are actually committing the
carjacking of the shootings and the
killings those are the categories of
folks that you have to bring to justice
to you know bring into a courtroom if
you're gonna try to reduce the violence
level and then you create this
opportunity in that community to allow
all the other social services to come in
to make sure that the the treatment
alternatives for these victims of
addiction are immediately available to
make sure that the job opportunities for
the corner boys that used to be working
for that gang are provided an immediate
alternative the criminal justice system
has for too long been asked to shoulder
the burdens of society that won't work
but I can create the opportunity within
a particular neighborhood so that the
other institutions of government can
come in and make a real impact but if
you're trying to treat victims of
addiction in a community in the morning
and in the afternoon a gang is trying to
sell them drugs you're never gonna make
much progress you're gonna take two
steps forward immediately two steps back
but if you can extract the gang and the
violent repeat offenders and the leaders
from the organization off the streets
you then do create a window to really
make a difference now you talk about
opportunity you and I both were here in
the city when the ceasefire came to
Baltimore and operated in Baltimore you
and I both know that and we didn't know
each other at the time but we know that
ceasefire did not have the impact that
people thought and for those of you
listening ceasefire was this initiative
of or ceasefire was this idea of we will
flood neighborhoods and people who have
been
justice-involved with resources so well
how people come to like the basement of
a church as a part of their probation or
parole or whatever condition and they'll
be resource providers there and that
just didn't actually change it didn't
have an impact and it seems like you are
proposing something similar to that so
what would be different about your
approach that you are arguing would have
an impact yeah well let me first start
by diagnosing why ceasefire didn't seem
to have the success in Baltimore that it
saw in other cities and it's important
to remember that ceasefire nationally
has had tremendous impact on you know
big and small cities on cities like
Baltimore and similes different from
Baltimore but in this respect there is a
frustration that breaks the heart of
people like you and me that love
Baltimore there are always people that
are looking for someone else to stumble
there's a constant ambition among so
many people in government and I hear
these stories where folks were rooting
for cease fire not to work because they
were thinking about running for mayor or
they were hoping that that particular
division wouldn't succeed because they
wanted that division to not be as
coveted or glorious as another one he
was really frustrating but let's talk
about more specific concrete things and
again I think that there were two
aspects to this one of them was the
continuity ceasefire is one of these
models you have to learn you have to
have prosecutors and police understand
how to do the exercise you and I were
talking about how about how to
distinguish between the people that need
to be brought to justice and the people
that don't have darted not the priority
and that takes time and ceasefire needed
an investment over time that had some
continuity to it that it never gotten
you know we had a change of leadership
in the mayor's office we had a change of
leadership in the police commissioner we
have a change of leadership in the
state's attorney's office and all of
those things are disruptive forces that
make a program like ceasefire which is
non-governmental really struggle because
you get different people giving you
