I'm Evy tor I'm John Lovett jon favreau
is either in Florida or an route to
Florida you will know by the tenor of
his tweets poor John had a long travel
day nine and a half hours in LAX yeah he
was at LAX all day you just we had a
whole day at work over cold day we're
just sitting there and then he responded
to something like 9:30 p.m. still about
to get on a red-eye yeah brutal um today
is Wednesday October 10th as you may
have noticed we've shifted the podcast
schedule to Mondays and Wednesdays this
month because starting this Friday we
were doing the first of four one-hour
election specials on HBO so please tune
in HBO this Friday at 11 p.m. right
after Bill Maher watch it on your HBO go
Bo now yeah tell your friends we're
we're heading to Miami later today to
record that show there are lots of
critically important voter registration
deadlines to fast approaching and fewer
and fewer opportunities to get out in
canvas to go to vote save America com
get registered hit some doors get three
friends to join you maybe you'll even
see love it at your canvas location
hell yeah if I'll be the one I'm making
sure it's documented so I can put it on
social media it looked beautiful love it
love it or leave it is still going this
month but there's some changes right yes
so we have four election specials they
will be hosted by guy Branum and Aaron
Ryan - funniest guess you've the these
are guests Tournament of Champions I
today are gonna they're gonna host the
shows in studio with a bunch of really
awesome guests we have lined up so tune
in for that
back in those are gonna be great I can't
wait today on the pod we're gonna talk
about Nikki Haley's decision to resign
from her role as the US ambassador the
United Nations a terrifying new UN
report about climate change and a quick
snapshot of the current political
climate maybe a little fun op-ed that
President Trump wrote you know just for
kicks
good job USA Today yeah thanks for
running that then we're gonna slip some
lies under hotel room doors from the but
you'll hear our conversation with
Cherise David's a congressional
candidate and MMA fighter in Kansas the
Kansas third so we did that interview a
little differently this week he's gonna
put the Republican majority in a
headlock all right lovely yesterday even
truck yesterday even top Trump aids-like
national security visor John Bolton and
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo were
surprised when Axio says Jonathan Swan
broke the news
that nikki Haley had offered her
resignation will be leaving at the end
of the year she's one of the most
high-profile women in Trump's cabinet
and she you know made that standard
transition from anti-trump to Mogga dead
ender and is not quitting two-part
question for you
does anything from Haley's tenure at the
UN stand out to you and were you
surprised by the timing of her departure
it's a little weird to have a cabinet
official leave right before an election
right especially yeah it's it is strange
I think you know there's a little bit of
you know paint it being the foreman of
being a what they call it being a
there's a little bit of being the
foreman out of paint job because you
know show ups it's a little bit like let
me get the analogy right yeah it's it's
like um it's like a little bit like
being you know the old joke you know
show up sober they make you Foreman um
like nikki Haley you know she is not as
bad as who could have been in that job
totally she has had some moments where
she is said the right things she had
said had moments where she has looked
the other way for horrible Trump
behavior I mean fundamentally the
problem with being a trump cabinet
official is you cannot do the job
without a seating to some of the worst
behavior and worst policy instincts and
especially when you're at the UN look
right now we are dealing with the fact
that Saudi Arabia may have brazenly
killed a journalist while Donald Trump
and Jared Kushner have been sucking up
to Saudi Arabia maybe for their own
personal interest probably for their own
personal interest for years so how can
you be in this administration and be
respected and seen as a good actor when
you have to represent Donald Trump's
views in that way so you know I agree
with every Democratic senator who is
praised nikki Haley by saying she's not
as bad as what could have been there
otherwise but that's not a really good
standard terms of leaving it's
weird
maybe it's nothing but we don't know the
facts yet yeah maybe think about 2006
when Don Rumsfeld was the defense
secretary he was super unpopular at
extremely controversial the Iraq war was
a disaster but Bush still waited after
the midterms to cut him loose which I
remember that a great decision I
remember
right after that election we're in the
Senate yeah I remember we were just
sitting there and we had won the house
and we had won the Senate and it was
this incredible victory and then like
the very next morning we saw all of
these cats all this Exodus and was like
is this happening this is cool this is
amazing yeah so it's really weird I
don't like super weird and I have not
seen anything other than just sort of
idle speculation about the region's well
yeah it so it is notable that it did
seem like a happy conscious uncoupling
right there's a rare scene of them like
doing a press pay together announcing
her departure and it wasn't just you
know Reince Priebus quitting hugging it
out with his bro Donald Trump on Air
Force One that he can blast it via tweet
and like sent home in a van so
interesting um apparently she said she
wanted to leave that Hurst departure
didn't look like it was tied to
potentially bad election results she's
burnout it's also notable that some
Ethics watchdog groups have been raising
the fact that she accepted multiple
flights on private jets owned by South
Carolina businessman right which has
never stopped Trump cabinet official
from resigning and from serving in the
past the they all love it they love
private jets over there but and who
doesn't the UH no but but um you know I
think something that really captures the
the problem of nikki Haley and the
unfair credit she gets is what she said
about Donald Trump and his various
allegations of sexual misconduct against
women which is she was given you know
pundit plaudits for just for simply
saying that those women deserve to be
heard yeah as opposed to with the Trump
official position which is it never
happened it's false but as with Susan
Collins as with nikki Haley okay you've
heard them but no action no behavioral
change but if you hear these people like
it's again this problem of doing more
than the reprehensible behavior of the
worst actors in American politics gets
you points but it shouldn't yeah in in
her resignation letter Haley pointed to
successes some of them were getting
sanctions against North Korea standing
up for Israel some nebulous UN reforms
this one I thought was kind of funny
speaking out quote resolutely against
dictatorships in Iran Syria man escuela
Cuba and yes Russia I mean my take I
think this is a pretty mixed bag I do
think they deserve credit for getting
tough sanctions
it's North Korea and if that turns into
a nuclear-free Peninsula I will praise
them to the rooftops I think every
administration spends a bunch of time
defending Israel against efforts to
attack it and criticize them at the UN
so that's sort of par for the course
you mentioned Saudi Arabia I mean the
notion that Trump is stood up to
dictatorship certainly they've gone
after Iran but they've never criticized
Russia Venezuela is still a disaster I
mean as you noted this journalist Jamal
khashoggi was murdered reportedly in a
Saudi diplomatic facility in Istanbul so
you know maybe a little maybe a mixed
bag here yeah yeah and you know she's
good she's given sorted into the maddest
category of people who are lucky to have
in this administration and I guess it's
just it's it's we have to keep two
things in our mind at once on the one
hand yeah that's there is some truth to
that and I am NOT you know I am I think
in this debate about whether or not we
should give people a little generosity
for serving the Trump administration for
stopping bad things I am very very
skeptical of that argument but probably
a little less skeptical than a lot of
people like I think less skeptical than
like you and Jon a little less skeptical
than Brian Blair I give them a little
bit more latitude because I do think
that there is some truth to it but again
you look at what's happening with Saudi
Arabia look at what's happening with
Russia there's just there's no way to
serve this administration and not be
giving up the most basic American values
yeah I know you know what I've I agree
with you you're right about this one I
mean a fun note here The Washington Post
the other thing they talked about is how
we're more respected in the world the
Washington Post noted that in only four
countries it doesn't include the US
Trump's approach is viewed positively
only four countries so that great and
the truth is I think nikki Haley gets a
lot of credit simply because she is
incredibly charismatic she is very smart
she is a very good speaker yeah she does
a very good job of representing herself
and very good points and you know we may
may turn out that there's some secret
reason that she left or as she has done
throughout this she is just carefully
managing her position and the thing
about working for Donald Trump is when
there's an opening to leave where it
doesn't look like you're doing it
because of corruption a scandal a sex
assault a Muller probe some
other awful story that would look like
you had a reason to go
maybe sometimes you just take it
because like that's three or four days a
year that's good
this was fun as she left Hayley said a
couple things that caught my eye first
that Jared Kushner is quote such a
hidden genius that no one understands
yeah that's funny it's like yeah even
even Harvard couldn't find it
I guess Jared joins Kanye is just
another misunderstood Trump loving
genius um the second is that she felt
the need to explicitly say that she will
not be a candidate for any office in
2020 did you think that was weird I
think she was dealing with the
speculation but again like this is this
is another another way in which we see
the joke of I'm here to stop bad things
that we hear from people like nikki
Haley at Madison others if you believe
that that your role was to prevent
Donald Trump from his worst instincts
and actually do some good despite the
awfulness of this person and you don't
have to take my word for it take Nikki
Haley's word for it take what nikki
Haley said about Donald Trump before she
worked for administration at face value
and then they leave and they immediately
say I'll be campaigning like crazy for
him because nikki Haley will someday run
as a Republican again and when she does
she will run in a party that has it
gives Donald Trump at eighty or ninety
percent approval rating yeah regarding
Jared being a genius like I love I love
to slap this guy around but I mean it's
worth noting that we are still waiting
for his long-promised Middle East peace
plan and also that entire plan is
predicated on support from Saudi Arabia
doing whatever the Saudis want he's the
guy who pushed us all in on this
Mohammed bin Salman strategy who is the
one who would be responsible for the
murder of this journalist yeah and also
it's again like there's this sort of
clique right there's this Ivanka Jared
Nikki hailey Dena Powell kind of where
the responsible ones we're trying to
stop bad and then we're trying to stop
Steven Miller then we're trying to stop
whoever and it's like okay well you know
what do you got you know it's not we're
now hitting this for two years where the
results here what's what are you talking
about would you've done how think you
know when you're the President had
States you're not like you don't it's
not like you're painting a beautiful
portrait that you reveal after four
years it's not gonna be some unveiling
of Donald Trump's accomplishments if
Jared's a hidden genius it means he's
not getting results right where where's
the outcomes here we are they like the
notion that anyone stupid so stupid you
know than anyone good primary trump
is just ridiculous I don't even know why
we get done like reporters speculated
about this um but now it is time to play
everyone's favorite game wild
speculation about who comes next this is
the closest thing to a job Trump is
actually qualified for which is reality
show producer he told reporters on Air
Force One that their five names on the
short list one is your friend and your
mentor former deputy national security
adviser Dinah Powell you know Val yeah
Deena sorry uh just one look like
another names and floated is is unhinged
Twitter troll and current US ambassador
to Germany Rick Cornell yeah Rick
Grinnell man there's somebody who has
failed up looked up I mean somebody who
talked to reporters about him and they
say this is a guy that is so
undiplomatic so hard to deal with and
now of course because so few Republicans
at first were willing to go and now him
and now because the the sorting inside
the Republican Party led a lot of people
who were more qualified to avoid it he's
somebody on a short list which it would
never have been on another
administration's list although you know
what so but yeah Ezra Klein pointed this
out there are ways in which the Donald
Trump administration is looking at hell
of a lot like the George W Bush
administration you've got john bolton at
at national security adviser you have
dina powell potentially at un you have
crazy high deficits you have a giant
corporate tax cut I mean in a lot of
ways what we're seeing is george w bush
administration with donald trump's
personality yeah hilariously Trump also
said that there's no one more competent
in the world than Ivanka but he can't
choose her beauty beacuse of nepotism
apparently forgetting that she currently
works in the White House is like he's
like I should pick Ivanka she'd be the
best why she's not the most qualified
that's so stupid but then I'd be accused
of nepotism I don't know I don't know
it's sort the risk of sounding glib like
do you think it's important who comes
next so what's your take him on this I
don't know I like as I just don't know
like obviously I would prefer it to be
someone who is not a flame-throwing nut
ball like John Bolton like but again
like what we have seen over the last two
years is the little the the the the the
names change but the outcomes are the
same that's exactly right I mean I
think I struggled with this question too
because I do think Trump blots out the
stun but there's still a bunch of stuff
that matters and happens that Trump
never even learns about it was probably
especially true at the UN cuz out of
sight out of mind so right if he names
someone that's gonna like work with
other countries and build relationships
like that is a good thing if he puts a
John Bolton type as you said that person
just lives to piss the world off that's
not great yeah and again one other
points that a lot of stories have made
about nikki Haley is she was somebody
people could go to to find out what the
 is going on with Donald Trump's
indictment crazy which is again a
reminder of the fact that we are in this
crazy universe where there are two
parallel administration's the one that
emanates from Donald Trump's face and
the real day to day work that's actually
going on and that's incredibly unhealthy
and dangerous but in that in that in
that circumstance which we find
ourselves it is important to have
someone up there who is not one of the
worst Republicans in the world I don't
know what there is the sales one last
sort interesting note on this when Haley
goes there will only be five women left
in cabinet level positions we have Linda
McMahon at small business administration
Gina Haskell at CIA Betsy DeVos at
education Elaine Chao transportation
Kirsten Nielsen at DHS that is shocking
out of twenty three I believe cabinet
level roles yeah but as though in the
same way where you know you have the
White House intern photo release and
it's basically all white like I'm glad
Donald Trump doesn't have the cover of
diversity to hide the fact that he's
anti woman in the same way I'm glad he
doesn't have the cover diversity to hide
the fact that he's racist yeah last
point on this where we move on like will
you forget the turnover rate in this
White House administration generally is
absurdly high in his first year is
thirty four percent which Brookings said
was the highest in 40 years more
recently you know we've Haley leaving we
have Trump announcing with us counsel
Don McGann will be leaving via tweet
which surprised Don began scott pruett
was the most corrupt human being
Washington not named Trump Rex Tillerson
was fired on the toilet bolt enforced at
all the senior annecy staff said Gorka
was fired because no one realized he
worked there he had nothing to do there
was that mooch guy like we're dulled by
this constant barrage of news but isn't
it a big deal that huge bureaucracies
yeah we turning over all the time you
know we don't have a president we have a
weird semi president you know fantasy
nightmare on to something a little
different we may not know the name of
the next US ambassador of the UN but we
do know which
horrifying UN report they will soon be
ignoring the UN scientific panel on
climate change released a truly
frightening report that says if we stay
on our current course world temperatures
could rise by as much as 1.5 degrees
Celsius by 2040 we could see food
shortages wild files and wildfires and
mass die-offs of coral reefs avoiding
the worst damages requires transforming
the world economy very quickly at
massive cost it would require highly
unlikely political choices Trump is
repeatedly called climate change' hoax
invented by the Chinese and pulled us
out of the Paris climate Accords love it
holy like how do you process
something this dire so here's how I
first of all the truth is you don't
actually have to do much processing of
it in a lot of ways it's like you know
you go to the doctor or the doc yeah
here's I'll be honest like here's how I
was thinking about this this morning so
first of all everybody should read David
Roberts on this issue because he's one
of the smartest reporters and one of the
great writers on climate and he wrote a
really great explanation of what it
would take
given these new findings which are
powering and terrible but at the end of
that piece he said something which is
basically like the political will to
actually do what we need to do is not
there the odds that we overshoot are
basically nil and therefore what has
been true about climate policy before is
true now we just have to keep doing as
