Michael avenatti welcome to the show I
have to say when we started this podcast
I did not expect to be talking to the
lawyer to one of the presidents alleged
mistresses about hush money payments and
international bribery rackets but you
know 2018 here we are so when you
tweeted out information about all the
companies in foreign oligarchs who paid
Michael Cohen for access to Donald Trump
last week you promised that there'd be
more information to come so my questions
are what additional information do you
have what does it tell us about Cohen
and potentially about Trump and why do
you think it's important for all of us
to know this information well I'm not at
liberty at least today to describe all
of the evidence and all of the
information that we have and that we're
continuing to gather you know one of the
positive aspects of the media effort
that we've undertaken over the last
eight weeks John is that we are now seen
by many as the repository of information
and we are seen as a trusted source that
people can come to if they have
information that they believe should
come to light or should be run to ground
investigated etc and so I think that's
been a very positive thing for us
because with each passing day whether
it's Monday through Friday or Saturday
or Sunday we're acquiring more
information for use not only in our case
but also information that I think is
important for people to learn about and
be disclosed you know as it relates to
why I think the information we disclosed
last week is important as it relates to
Michael Cohen I mean there's a whole
host of reasons for that I mean first of
all he was never arrested lobbyists he
was never registered for an agent
there's no question at this point that
he was selling access to the President
to the highest office of the land we
don't know yet whether some of those
payments made their way to Donald Trump
or one of his organizations excuse me
the entire thing does not sound it
doesn't pass the smell test let's just
put it that way you hinted at Cohen's
payment to your client might have come
from a company linked to a rush
oligarch when you put something like
that out there are you doing it because
you have certain information that might
prove that that you just haven't
released yet or are you introducing sort
of a new public narrative about the case
what's what's the purpose behind that
well I want to be really clear we didn't
say that the money came from a company
that may have ties to a Russian oligarch
we said that the money came from a
company Columbus Nova that does have
ties to a Russian oligarch I mean
there's no question about that I think
that Columbus Nova has provided a number
of different narratives or responses and
was in response to what we released none
of which check out I think Mother Jones
did a pretty thorough job I think on
Friday of debunking a lot of the denials
where they're trying to now separate
Columbus Nova from the from the overseas
entity and from the Russian oligarch and
I don't think anything any of it really
passes any degree of scrutiny I mean
there's no question that there's
significant ties between that entity and
the Russian oligarch at this point so
since you released the memo you've been
calling on the Treasury Department to
release any suspicious activity reports
around Michael Cohen's financial
dealings do you know for a fact that
those suspicious activity reports exist
yes I do I know for a fact that there
are suspicious activity reports The Wall
Street Journal reported on at least one
of them I believe back in February or
March we know for a fact that there's
multiple others we don't know why the
Treasury Department will not release
them I understand that generally they're
confidential but the reason why they're
generally confidential is because they
don't want to tip off the target as to
their existence well in this case we
know that the targets Michael Cohen and
we know of their existence because of
among other reasons the Wall Street
Journal reported on it back in February
or March so that's not a valid reason
not to release them and this is a matter
of significant public concern tens of
millions of people have a desire to see
this information and look if the
information that we disclosed is
inaccurate or if Michael Cohen or the
president have information that suggests
that what we've said is inaccurate then
they should be wholly supportive of this
I
of mr. Trump's Treasury Department
releasing the stars they should also be
wholly supportive of the idea of
releasing his bank records and we're not
talking about a lot of bank records
we're talking about 14 or 15 months of
bank records on a single bank account
for essential consultants LLC well
there's a reason why they haven't
released that information and it's
because not only is it going to confirm
what we've already stated but it's going
to get far far worse for mr. Cohen and
likely mr. Trump and that's why this
information hasn't been released John
are you concerned that the Treasury's
Inspector General has launched an
investigation into how you have come to
receive this information do you feel
confident about how you got the
information in the first place well let
me say a couple things about that first
of all I have no problem with the
investigation we did not do anything
wrong we did not do anything illegal so
I'm not at all concerned about that but
what I am a little concerned about is
the way the investigation has been
reported you know a couple things first
of all the investigation there's no
confirmation that I'm under any
investigation for anything by the
Treasury Department or anyone else so
any suggestion to that is completely
false second of all there's no
suggestion that there's an investigation
into the leak of a SAR per se that has
not occurred what has what has been
confirmed I think by by Treasury is that
they have launched some sort of
investigation into something relating to
some of this information and that's
about it so I just think it's important
that that be reported accurately and
some of the other news organizations
haven't done that okay so let's talk
about over the weekend on Sunday you
tweeted a picture of Michael Cohen
Michael Flynn and former Qatari diplomat
Ahmad Al Rahma he meeting at Trump Tower
on December 12 2016 you then asked why
was Al ramaya meeting with Michael Cohen
and Michael slim and Michael Flynn and
why did he later brag about bribing
administration officials according to a
sworn declaration filed in court do you
know if there have been Qatari payments
to Cohen Flynn or other Trump associates
well unfortunately John I'm not at
liberty to answer that question but I
stand behind what we what I tweeted out
and I believe the Declaration that was
filed in court is accurate and I think
all of this raises some very very
serious questions relating to Michael
Cohen and exactly what he was doing in
his role I mean we got to remember that
Michael Cohen to the best of my
knowledge did not have a formal position
in connection with the transition never
had a formal position in connection with
the administration never had a security
clearance never registered as a lobbyist
never registered as a foreign agent so
what is he doing meeting these two
Qatari gentlemen in the lobby of Trump
Tower and clearly taking them upstairs
in the elevator and then they depart
about an hour and a half later Michael
Flynn is there that same day this seems
very suspicious I mean then I caught up
in Trump Tower to to purchase Christmas
gifts or to have lunch or dinner that's
clear how much do you think knowing what
you do that a lot of this wrongdoing is
centered around Cohen and how much how
much do you think Trump knows or knew
about what Cohen was doing I think any
suggestion right now or in the
foreseeable future that mr. Trump had no
idea what mr. Cohen was doing and mr.
Cohen was just off on his own doing his
own thing without any supervision or
knowledge by mr. Trump I think it's it's
complete nonsense John I mean this is a
this is a president who has stated
unequivocally in the past that you know
he likes to know what's going on at all
times he especially has a problem with
people making money on him without his
pre approval or knowledge and we've
heard that in many many circumstances
there's nothing to suggest that him and
mr. Cohen were not in regular
communication in fact just the opposite
is true there's a lot of evidence to
suggest that they did have regular
communication I mean the president did
not hesitate in early April and Air
Force One to refer the media and the
American people to his attorney Michael
Cohen for answers to questions relating
to the reimbursement payments which we
know those statements on Air Force One
now were flat-out lies
I think any suggestion that Michael Kohn
was off on his own doing his own thing
and the president never knew he's
complete nonsense and John you know I'll
tell you I think and I've been I've been
really firm in this prediction and I
stand by it today more than ever there's
no question in Michael Cohen's gonna be
indicted there's no question he's gonna
flip on the president and when he does
he's going to lay out I am confident in
great detail about what mr. Trump knew
when he knew it and what he did about so
you've seen all the same smoke that we
have coming out of the Moller
investigation you've probably seen a lot
more with the information that you have
where do you think the fire is and what
would you be looking into if you were
Robert Muller right now well I don't
want to presuppose that or put myself in
robert muller shoes because i got to
tell you those those are big shoes to
fill and i have a lot of respect for for
robert muller and his talents and the
talents of his team I mean these are
some very skilled prosecutors very
talented attorneys and I'm sure they're
doing an incredible job but I you know
let me tell you this I I think that
Russian collusion I think that that's a
very difficult thing to prove for a
variety of reasons including that a
number of the witnesses the vast
majority the witnesses are not on US
soil and are not subject to subpoena
power which is a real problem when
you're an attorney trying to prove a
case like that it doesn't mean it can't
be done but I just think that's a very
difficult case to prove there's it's a
very complicated situation in my view I
think that it's much more likely that
ultimately what's going to be proven are
are other crimes like bank fraud money
laundering wire fraud whether it relates
to the hundred and thirty thousand
dollar payment to my client or other
business dealings of Michael Cohen I I
think at the end of the day that's going
to be or those charges are going to be
much easier to prove and also much
easier to implicate the president and
that's my belief
there's a little story this morning you
threatened to take legal action against
the Daily Caller for potential
defamation according to tweets from one
of their reporters I always used that
word loosely with Daily Caller
that included screenshots of an email
extreme
you had with him do you think there's
story about you qualifies as defamation
what was going on with that story yeah
let me let me say a couple things so you
know not all attorneys are ethical
because there are attorneys and not all
reporters are journalists are ethical
and comply with journalistic standards
because they call themselves journalists
or reporters and you know your statement
I agree 100% with I mean look I don't
have a lot of respect for the Daily
Caller I don't think these are
journalists or reporters I think they're
hacks I think they come to stories with
a dedicated purpose and I think in this
instance everything they've written
they've come to they've come to write
for the purpose of taking shots at me
and my client and degrading us and
demeaning us and basically engaging in a
character assassination so you know look
I don't think there's anything wrong
with calling out a journalist or a
reporter when one believes that they
have engaged in improper reporting
disregarded standard journalistic
standards if you will and engaged in
basically unethical conduct I don't
think there's anything wrong with that
so and just like I would not if an
attorney was engaged in unethical
behavior or conduct I want it naturally
jump to their defense just because
they're a member of the bar without
knowing the facts and therefore I think
it's somewhat improper for other
journalists to immediately jump to
engage in this knee-jerk reaction and
jump to the defense of the Daily Caller
without looking at the story without
knowing all the facts so you've
obviously been on television a lot over
the last few weeks you've been arguing a
lot of your clients case in public what
is the rationale behind such a media
heavy strategy in this case well this is
not your average case I mean by any
stretch of the imagination and no and
and you know in cases you you handle
each case a little differently but
depending on where it's been you
depending on what the issues are
depending on the the public interest etc
and look I stand behind our strategy I
think our strategy has worked nearly
perfectly we have
we have forced them into making a series
of errors which have only strengthened
our case over the last eight weeks
because we've been so out front again
we're acquiring additional information
that assists our case that also assists
the American people and learning about
what really happened here you know I
understand they don't like our PR
strategy they'd like nothing more than
for us to just you know pack up and go
home for a while but we're not gonna do
that I mean what we're doing is working
and it's working really well now that
doesn't mean to suggest that it's always
going to work that well things can
change I mean this is a very dynamic
situation but right now I'm very pleased
on on the strategy we adopted and we're
gonna continue to use it until it breaks
you were telling people last week you
know the they were sending you info and
telling people again if they want to
help the cause they should send an info
what is your cause at this point is it
bigger than stormy Daniels case
individually is there something else
that you're after here it seems like you
know as you're talking more and more
about sort of all the entanglements
between Cohen and Trump it you know it's
it's beyond you know the NDA between
stormy Daniels and and Donald Trump here
are three primary goals John remain
invalidating the NDA seeking damages for
the defamatory statements of Michael
Cohen seeking damages for the defamatory
statements of Donald Trump and also
letting it be known that those that my
client statements were in fact true even
though Michael Cohen and mr. Trump
effectively called her a liar on
repeated occasions and then as an
ancillary I guess as an ancillary goal
ensuring that that the truth and the
facts are known to the American people
and laying out the evidence form that
may come into our possession and to the
extent that those that that evidence and
those facts lead to other repercussions
you know so be it let the chips fall
where they may people that are far more
powerful and far smarter than me and my
client will ultimately make those
decisions Michael avenatti thank you so
much if if you have more evidence and
information to share you're always free
to do so here
on pod save America we'll have you back
anytime thank you John appreciate it
very much
you
