welcome oh I think I just heard a
swishing
now I'm hearing in my head weird head
man okay welcome to pod save America I'm
John Favreau
I'm John Lovett I'm Tommy Vitor later in
the pod you'll hear our conversation
with California's Democratic nominee for
governor Gavin Newsom stop by cricket
headquarters last week
first first guest in the new studio
what's uh what's old is new sim again
okay
campaign slogans there you go
we're also gonna talk on today you win
some you lose some in kind contribution
you can give him that good stuff for
free we're also going to talk on today's
pod about John McCain's legacy about the
Republican fears but what might be
investigated if Democrats take control
of the house everything and about the
Newsome in his running mate would be a
Newsome twosome cool and we'll talk
about the Democratic Party's recent move
to reduce the power of super delegates
uh love it
yo how was love it or leave it we had a
should anyone listen fantastic love it
or leave it we did a very special
performance of a one-act play about Paul
Manafort and Michael Cohen sharing a
Cell starring Andy Cohen nope starring
Andy Rick starring Andy Richter and max
Silvestri
it is a debut of a young playwright
famous for la taupe
he's actually really really turning some
heads but it was a great episode looking
Tommy what's up in a pod set what's up
with the world owes man they're
everywhere
- quick plugs check out last week's
episode with former CIA director Michael
Morell we talked all about the security
clearance issue and why it's actually a
pretty big deal and then for this week I
am going to sit down and have someone
explain to me Donald Trump's bizarre
tweet from last week about how white
farmers in South Africa are having their
farms ripped away from them and claims
of white genocide this horrible white
nationalist rhetoric what's real what's
not and try to figure that out I'm
excited to listen to that one because I
have no idea either
and didn't dig into the so weird it's
it's worse than you think okay oh good
yeah
with everything it's a new wheel there's
there's new wilderness episode out today
called the filter it's about how
Democrats can break through in this
media environment by rethinking their
communication strategy it features
people like Dan Pfeiffer heard of him
Laura Olin and crooked media's chief
content officer Tanya so manator yes
great in her pod debut I will listen to
that on the way home lots of people are
talking about it online
lots of temporal commentator fans
everyone is talking about time she's
very embarrassed doors
oh so many it stands so much stamina
what can we do Tanya stands all right
let's get to the news yeah John McCain
the war hero Senate veteran and former
Republican presidential candidate died
this past weekend from brain cancer at
81 years old he will lie in state in the
Capitol Rotunda and receive a full dress
funeral service at the Washington
National Cathedral where he will be
eulogized by presidents George W Bush
and Barack Obama in a farewell letter
that was read on Monday by close aide
Rick Davis McCain wrote quote I lived
and died a proud American we are
citizens of the world's greatest
republic a nation of ideals not blood
and soil do not despair of our present
difficulties we believe always in the
promise and greatness of America because
nothing is inevitable here Tommy you and
I worked for Barack Obama when he ran
against John McCain in 2008 what are
some of your memories and impressions of
the man um you know the primary in 2008
was was I think far more contentious and
the general election was and I felt like
a lot of us went into that general
election with some mixed feelings
because what you know about John McCain
the public figure it's hard not to
admire him I mean the courage he showed
in Vietnam when he was a Pio W the fact
that he refused early release when he
was offered it and spent another several
years being tortured in captivity in
solitary confinement sometimes I mean
like that kind of strength is remarkable
I think that there's a risk when a
public figure passes away that
end up doing you know hey geography and
lionizing people and treating them as
perfect there's also I think some value
in talking about those imperfections but
I think what one of the things that was
great about McCain was that he made a
lot of mistakes but he was the kind of
person that owned up to them all the
time like he he admitted that calling
the Confederate flag a symbol of
heritage was was politically expedient
and a mistake I think that honesty says
something about your character he
apologized for voting against a holiday
to honor Martin Luther King Day which is
a very disgraceful thing that people did
but he apologized for it he admitted the
Iraq war was a mistake ultimately he
turned his experience as part of the the
Keating five and that scandal into a
crusade in for a campaign finance reform
so I think his striving to improve
himself and and you know try to put
values ahead of himself is something
that we should appreciate in honor even
if you hate his policies so I mean those
are my initial thoughts well but you
were a great priest I love it you were a
great peace on crooked comm today titled
mourning a patriot whose politics you
hate what made you want to write that
piece so I there were there were two
pieces to it one is simply what happens
when a public figure dies today and the
debate that begins immediately in the
fact that nothing is gonna stop an
immediate debate from happening ever
again you know there's this there's this
effort when a figure on when if a
prominent Democrat were to pass away
you'll see democratic pundits saying
things like can't we save the criticism
for another day and vice versa when a
prominent Republican dies and that shows
out how the world works anymore
everything is immediate for good and for
ill and the truth is it shouldn't
because it shouldn't wait because every
eulogy is a closing argument in one way
or another and the legacy of a
politician matters because the legacy of
a politician shapes the views we hold of
the policies that they espoused so it is
important to have that debate and
because of Twitter because of social
media because of television because of
Technology that debate begins
immediately but at the same time
there's a there's a kind of navel-gazing
as we have public mourning about whose
mourning how they're Mourning what it
means what it doesn't mean this kind of
argument this quarrel around how we feel
and how we're supposed to feel and I
found it frustrating and what I wanted
to do was just try to write down what I
was thinking before I saw what everybody
else was saying just sort of I'll be
honest that that when I saw the news
that McCain had died my immediate
thought was oh man Twitter's gonna be a
 night but it was my first thought
too and then I thought let me stop
myself for a second let me stop for a
second and think how do I actually feel
how do I actually feel and how I
actually felt was sad I did I felt sad
that is how I felt and I and as I then
watched what unfolded on Twitter I just
wanted to write something down that said
this is how I'm reacting to this this is
why I think it's appropriate I John
McCain's legacy is complicated you know
Tommy lays out all the things John
McCain apologized for and it's a
reminder that John McCain got a lot of
 stuff wrong and caused a lot of
damage in his career but at the same
time it is foolish and I think childish
and incorrect to reduce John McCain to
simply a Republican partisan simply a
right-wing politician he was more than
that he was special and and it and it
doesn't make you a worse Democrat to
note that doesn't make you naive it
doesn't make you silly it doesn't mean
you're capitulating to terrible policies
it doesn't make medicare-for-all less
likely you can take a moment and say
this is the good and this is the ill and
it's worth noting and appreciating
someone because if you can't stop and
say John McCain is the kind of opponent
you should celebrate when he dies then
no one is and maybe that's how you feel
but you should admit that yeah I was I
was also sad and I also I've had this
respect for him ever since I first knew
about him from the before the 2008
campaign to the 2008 campaign to I
remember when the three of us were
sitting there watching the ACA repeal
debate play out
at the very end it seemed like McCain
might vote against repeal vote against
skinny repeal and again Twitter was a
mess everyone's like stop holding out
hope for John McCain he's not the
courageous person you think he is oh but
this isn't a Sorkin drama you do liberal
cowards I thought to myself maybe I'm
being a little naive here maybe it won't
happen and sure enough he did he did the
right thing and look he's he's a
complicated person he was a complicated
person as everyone said he was not a
centrist he was not a moderate his
politics were very conservative except
for these moments of Independence on
campaign finance reform climate change
immigration torture and then of course
health care but the even on those issues
he went back and forth on some of them
right right
but why we think this about John McCain
is not because of his policy in the
policies but really it was something
about his character and restyle and I
think what you get at tommy was exactly
right which is he is someone who was
self-aware enough to know when he was
wrong that he could make mistakes that
he was fallible and he was always trying
to live up to his own standards even if
he failed often in doing that well so I
mean I think it's impossible to judge
McCain in today without contrasting him
to Trump and just a few thoughts in that
I mean we all became pretty close
friends with a lot of people who work
for McCain and they love him they revere
him and I think that's actually telling
because that ain't the case at a lot of
offices in Washington a lot of people
get to know their boss and they think he
or she is an
and the McCain people loved him a
senator grant told The Washington Post
that he and McCain had visited active
war zones in Iraq and Afghanistan 47
times that shows genuine interest to get
out in the field
talk to servicemembers see what's
happening on the ground Donald Trump has
not visited war zone one time again to
the point about like admitting their
stakes Trump will never admit he's made
a mistake he'll never apologized and I
think that's like that's one of the
things we all dislike about him most and
it's one of the things like we've all
had an a friend that we genuinely didn't
like Tommy are wrong you'd be wrong all
the time
I think everyone is dated that person
have been friends with a person and it's
like it's the worst so it's like it is a
character thing and I think we too
more than ever we miss that kind of
character in politician yeah and look I
think it's not just a comparison between
McCain and trumpet it's a comparison
between McCain and the rest of the
Republican Party like there there is no
doubt that if the Republican Party were
filled with John McCain's that our
politics would be in a lot better shape
yes not not that not the Senate or
anything because you still need
Democrats there to fight against all his
shitty policies that he has right right
but if if every senator and the
President had states right now we're
Republicans but they were more in the
mold of John McCain there would be more
compromise there would be more things
done they would still be pushing pretty
conservative pretty right-wing policies
but at least we would be able to deal
with people who had integrity in mind as
a value in public service yeah I mean I
said this I said in the piece which is
just the world would be worse if John
McCain got his way but the world would
be better if more politicians were like
him that's right you know it's funny to
- Tommy's point about Trump it is such a
testament to how awful Trump is that any
time there is simply a statement of
American values in this case it was John
McCain's statement that he released
after he died that simple statement of
American values reads like a rebuke to
Trump which certainly is but the fact
that simply saying America is at land of
ideals and not blood and soil is seen as
a rebuke to the president is actually
worth you know that well it's worth
noting and it makes me think that
Democrat should take heed of that for
2020 yeah when the end in 2018 - when
you were running that like simple
statements of American values of what we
stand for what this country's already
been about are going to be some of the
starkest contrasts with Donald Trump I
mean and like to some of the major
criticisms out there I mean the Iraq war
was a disastrous decision I think
there's a lot of people who you know I
think people get overheated about some
of these things and call him a war
monger all he's like yes he was very Pro
intervention abroad I think that was a
decision born of his public service in
the Navy so you know I understand and
respected so that I mean I think it's a
valid policy critique I think it's valid
to critique the choice of Sarah Palin I
think it was in hindsight inexcusable to
pick someone so clearly unqualified
the job that was irresponsible but I
don't know that we could have or he
could have known ahead of time that she
would like unleash the pre alt-right
Mogga forces of you know culture warrior
awfulness that ultimately happened I
think he publicly regretted the choice
ultimately he also probably felt a
little guilty because they hung her out
to dry like she wasn't ready and they
humiliated her in front of country with
these interviews and things I will say I
think I think that is his probably two
greatest mistakes in his in his career
one is the Iraq war which he not only
supported like a lot of Democrats did
but was also a cheerleader for for a
very long time and I think the second
one was the choice of Sarah Palin and I
think you're right Tommy I think it's at
the outset he thought he was getting
some reformer from Alaska
we all did by the way and we all felt
that all that she turned out to be much
no one Sarah Palin didn't know what
Sarah Palin got to become when Sarah
Palin was picked so though I remember as
soon that the moment that she you know
she was picked and everyone was like oh
god she's gonna be an effective VP
candidate and you know Democrats are
screwed and then when I saw her at the
convention it was when she gave that
convention speech that you could see the
darkness and ugliness in there and where
this thing was gonna go and then it got
really bad and you're looking he'd gone
two ways though she could have gone two
ways but she didn't know she did not
wait because of question though this is
something that I was struggling with
even it's one of things that people
responded to what I wrote about and I
actually I think it's worth considering
I don't know I think it's a it was a
question that I had which is are we
you know this he was one of the leading
cheerleaders for the war in Iraq and it
caused an incredible amount of death and
turmoil it was a massive it was a
massive historical error incredibly
calamitous is that not enough to say
well that is his legacy all the rest the
character the choices the the goodness
in him all of it pales in comparison to
the harm and cost of Iraq I think you've
been president at the time you know it
is George Bush's legacy yeah I think
it's harder to say about a senator
especially when there were so many votes
in favor of it yeah yeah I mean look
it's it's an important piece of this and
it shouldn't be glossed over by any
means I mean it we go through the same
thing when we think when people say you
know Trump is so much worse than george
w bush right George
you Bush's decision to go into Iraq led
to greater human catastrophe him than
anything Trump has done so far yeah but
you can still say that Trump as a
president as a leader as a human being
it's been far worse right you know like
George Burton had a worse policy
consequence during his presidency but
Trump is still degraded the presidency
in the country probably worse yeah
right um would you want to talk about
going back to the 2008 campaign sort of
the Palin McCain thing because as McCain
watches sort of Palin unleash these
forces you can sort of see him struggle
with it and you know at times he decided
to go along with it and I think in the
Obama campaign that's what got us
angriest at McCain during that campaign
right is that he disappointed us so much
when she was out there doing those
rallies talking about a brothel around
around with terrorists because of Bill
Ayers and look there were ads from the
McCain campaign where they went after
the Ayers Association as well which you
always could tell that McCain was
uncomfortable with and he wrestled with
this I think the moment that really
crystallized how he wrestled with this
was a moment that has been talked about
over the last couple days and Greg Jaffe
at The Washington Post wrote a piece
about this this is when towards the end
of the 2008 campaign a woman stood up at
a town hall to McCain and she asked him
a question and we'll just play the clip
of it right now
I gotta ask you a question I don't not
believing
I can't trust Obama I I have read about
him and he's not he's not he's a he's an
Arab he is not no no ma'am no ma'am he's
a he's a he's a decent family man
citizen that I just happened to have
disagreements with on fundamental issues
and that's what this campaign is all
about he's not thank
[Applause]
so now some people were saying that you
know McCain should have that was the
least he could have done that McCain
should have gone farther he should have
said you know so what if he was air so
what if he was Muslim whatever she was
trying to say there I didn't take it
that way at the time being in Chicago at
the campaign headquarters watching that
I vividly remember watching that and
thinking in this moment John McCain did
the good and decent thing because it
wasn't he was saying no he's not an Arab
he's decent family man if he was saying
no to basically her entire
characterization of Barack Obama which
was you can't trust him he's an other
he's a foreign terror
if that's the standard were setting for
McCain then it's a higher bar than we'd
set for ourselves in 2008 when we were
responding to those charges when people
would call me and say there's something
out there that says Obama is a secret
Muslim I would denounce it and say no
he's not the second half of that
sentence should have been and who gives
a if he is what's wrong with having
