yeah some good stuff here we're alright
we're ready let's see I already got John
hurry up John okay welcome to positive
America I'm John Favreau
I'm John Lovitz I'm Tommy beat or later
in the pod will have our interview with
former President Jimmy Carter who joined
us last week from a Habitat for Humanity
work site in South Bend Indiana we're
also going to take some time today to
talk about the Brett Kavanaugh hearings
and all of the other news that has
broken in the last few hours sort of
nice to be recording after news breaks
and not during it but I just jinxed more
news probably it's always more news Jon
love it how would love her leave it we
had a fantastic love it or leave it
Mandy Moore and Taylor Goldsmith of the
band dogs came by and performed a
dramatic reading as Kelly and Conway and
George Conway it is one of my favorite
things that we've ever done on the show
suppose we had a fantastic panel and you
know he's checking out also a new
episode of the wilderness out right now
it's about the ongoing struggle between
the party establishment and the
grassroots the Democratic Party we
talked about how to make the democratic
party more democratic and less reliant
on big money
fancy consultants and party insiders
John do you have any regrets about
interviewing Steve Bannon at a festival
for that I just thought that he would
provide some some advice on how to layer
your shirts also a little announcement
the host of positive the people DeRay
McKesson now officially has a book out
on the shelves and in your online
marketplaces it's called on the other
side of freedom the case for hope
it dropped Tuesday the publisher
describes it as a meaty sorry a
meditation on resistance justice and
freedom and an intimate portrait of a
movement from the front lines go out buy
it read it tell your friends about it to
Ray's new book very exciting
I learned to try online marketplaces
[Laughter]
okay
the Senate is holding hearings this week
as we speak in fact on the nomination of
Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court
Kavanaugh has spent the past 12 years on
the bench as a judge on the federal
appeals court in DC he's also a veteran
of the George W Bush White House where
he worked in the counsel's office and a
staff secretary before that he was part
of ken starr's team that investigated
Bill Clinton in the 1990s and ever since
he's acted as a fierce partisan who's
dedicated most of his career to
advancing the interests of the
Republican Party notably he's praised
former chief justice rehnquist dissent
in Roe vs. Wade his ruling has
consistently favored the interests of
corporations over the public and his
views of executive power could protect
Donald Trump who has been implicated as
a co-conspirator and at least two
felonies remember that that's something
that happened um Tommy I want to start
with you the Trump White House sent a
letter to the Senate on Friday saying
that they were withholding over a
hundred thousand pages of documents
about Cavanaugh record on the assertion
of constitutional privilege they dumped
forty two thousand pages of Cavanaugh
documents on the Senate Judiciary
Committee late last night this led to
quite a scene this morning where all the
Senate Democrats on the Judiciary
Committee called for the hearings be
postponed Chuck Grassley wouldn't even
allow them to vote on the motion how
much of a big deal is this and what can
Democrat to do about it yeah happy labor
day to the Judiciary Committee staff you
have a lot less reading to do this
weekend and every weekend I think this
is a big deal I mean Cavanaugh worked
the White House for a couple years he
had two roles he was in the counsel's
office he was a staff secretary which
means he had his hands on every big
issue thousands of documents to the
point where they had to create this new
system to vet them for public release
because it was taking so long so they
hired a lawyer named Bill Burke who was
Cavanaugh's literal news deputy at the
White House to direct the process at the
same time the same lawyers representing
Don began
Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon and
Muller probe so that feels like a bit of
a conflict but like you know ultimately
they the Burks team said they had like
600,000 documents to release and they've
only given 267 thousand pages to the
committee all of which are from the time
as white House Counsel they've refused
to even request the documents from his
time as staff secretary so that starts
the problem here and then Friday night
the White House says we're holding back
a hundred thousand more pages citing
executive privilege that has never
happened before during a Supreme Court
hearing and then they dumped forty
thousand pages of documents on the
committee's head the night before the
hearing so substantively like if you're
in this process where you're desperately
trying to figure out what this nominee
believes and what he's gonna do on
issues and how he would vote and he's
doing everything in his power to not
tell you anything yes this matters but I
also think like politically anything
that sounds like a cover-up or documents
are being withhold withheld is like a
potent political issue Republicans spend
years searching for Hillary Clinton's
billing records from a law firm she
worked at in Arkansas and turned it to a
scandal so certainly you can get people
interested in what they're trying to
hide here and I thought the the
committee Democrats did a great job this
morning of raising the issue early
Kamala Harris Cory Booker
Senator Leahy all like laid out the
stakes here and I think you know it I
don't know that this document that this
this fight is going to ultimately move
voters but can certainly I'm sorry
ultimately move Republican senators but
it certainly could move political
opinion among voters out in states up
love it because of the document issue
some Democrats including former Schumer
spokesman Brian Fallon have urged Senate
Democrats to walk out of the hearings
and protest other people like Joe Biden
have said that the better approach is to
stay in the room and ask hard questions
it seems like itami just mentioned they
sort of the Democrats on the Judiciary
Committee committee sort of with the
middle ground here they basically tried
as hard as they could in those first I
don't know hour of the hearing to
basically you know say we want to
adjourn this hearing we want to call for
a vote it's funny Grassley wouldn't even
let them vote on a motion to adjourn
because apparently a couple Republican
senators weren't there and Grassley
wouldn't have had them vote
so instead of instead of even allowing
them to vote on the motion to adjourn it
to postpone the hearing basically just
steamrolled them and didn't do anything
what do you think about sort of the
Senate Democrats strategy is there
anything more they could be doing what
do you think yeah I think it's a really
hard question I I'm of two minds of it
on the one hand I see the values
staying and asking hard questions on the
other hand I think we're in this tough
position of trying to create the sense
that what we have here is unprecedented
what we have here is a real crisis that
a we don't have enough information about
this person in a way that is
unprecedented unprecedented and B there
really is a significant chance that that
that cabinet gets elevated to the court
and fundamentally changes the rights of
women to make decisions about their own
bodies and so I think Democrats
generally have been struggling with how
to get people as passionate engaged and
concerned about this when on when first
of all it is perspective prospective in
the sense that we can look at what we
know about Kavanagh we can make our best
guess but no one does know for sure what
happens when Brett Calvin I was on the
Supreme Court you can count on the fact
that he will side with corporations you
can count on the fact that he will be
hostile to women's rights and will play
some role in restricting the rights of
women but the the actual outcome is
unknown and then the combination of not
having information from Cavanaugh's time
and government and also the fact that
the that the news media has just not put
that much attention on this a few
seconds in various broadcasts has made
it all feel like a foregone conclusion
and I don't believe that Senate
Democrats can solve that in the opening
of a hearing I appreciated that they
tried I appreciated them I am I am at a
place where I genuinely appreciate
whenever Senate Democrats act as though
what is happening should not be treated
as normal should not be treated as
business as usual which is what they did
this morning but we're asking them to
solve a problem in a hearing that has
been months weeks of not months coming
yeah I agree with that I mean I'm trying
to turn to just play out in my mind what
would happen if they walked out because
I thought there's for a value to both
suggestions here yeah and if the Senate
Democrats all walked out of a hearing
there would be a ton of news about it it
was breaking it would be on every
channel they probably hold some big
speech outside of the Capitol you know
they would say this is unprecedented
this is not normal right and so
and everyone would cheer them on and
then thinking of purely like who has the
power here Senate Republicans would
pretty quickly then be able to say okay
you're not going to participate in the
hearings it we're going to bring
all 50 senators that we have now that
they by the way you know governor Ducey
of Arizona just 2.2 Jon Kyl to fill
McCain seat so they will have 50 votes
so we're gonna take all 50 senators that
we have and if Democrats are going to
participate in the hearings you know
we'll just vote on Kavanagh today or
tomorrow or next week so again it's
Democrats are facing this problem where
they just you know even if every single
Democrat is off the fence and isn't know
which they aren't yet which is something
we should talk about they don't
necessarily have the power to stop the
nomination on their own their only hope
here is to somehow have enough public
pressure on Murkowski and Collins
throughout this hearing process that one
of them flips B or or somehow delay the
hearings enough have them be drawn out
enough that somehow the vote happens
after November and then you know if we
won a majority in the Senate then
perhaps they could delay the hearings
even more but beyond those two outcomes
I just don't know what else Democrats
can do it's effective and actually
stopping him outside of what they did
today which was great because they've
delayed the hearings a lot and they show
that they were fighting yeah you know
and also I mean John you need to go as
far as them calling a vote immediately
Democrats walk out that get some
headlines and now the hearing is just
conducted by Republicans who will just
write ask him softball questions and
actually will be liberated to go even
further to give cabin all the space to
dissemble and tell whatever story he
wants to tell about his past about his
documents about what what he's released
what he hasn't so you know even before
you get to more sort of outlandish
outcomes the immediate aftermath of
walking out is not very good I mean I
was thinking about you you look at
what's happening right now with
Cavanaugh and you know there have been
times when activists have sort of
pressed the alarm button and then
something happens that's true around the
the first Muslim ban that's been true
about family separation that was true
around health care but for whatever
reason they you know they've been
smashing the panic button
and there just hasn't been the response
that we've seen around other issues and
I think it's I think it feels tootinest
due to disconnected from people and I
think a lot of the groups a lot of
women's organizations a lot of
progressives have been really trying to
make the case as to why this affects
people but the truth is it's not on
Senate Democrats alone it was it's also
on voters it's on people paying
attention to make it clear that they
care about this tell me one of the lines
of argument that Democrats are going to
take during these hearings is about
Kavanagh potentially recusing himself
from any matters involving Trump sources
close to Kavanagh told ABC News that the
judge will not promise to recuse himself
from cases involving investigations of
President Trump including a possible
constitutional fight over a subpoena of
the president that would compel him to
answer Mahler's question how much do you
think Democrats should focus on this
recusal question during the hearing it's
a good think a lot a significant amount
I think the Woodward book which we'll
talk about later has some scenes in it
today that I think will create more news
around the prospect of Trump
participating in the Moller
investigation and or all his efforts to
shut it down before it stops so you know
I do think like it's a it's a fruitful
line of inquiry that is both important
subsidy but also will get covered but I
mean just like one silver lining on the
broader Cavanaugh discussion is that the
polling on Cavanaugh is actually really
bad for Trump you have in the I think
what Washington Post poll 38% want to
confirm him 39% don't I think 25 percent
are undecided so you know his approval
is especially bad in the Northeast which
should worry Susan Collins so look to
this broader question of like there is
sort of a fatalist sense I think among
Democrats about this nomination The
Huffington Post reported that Susan
Collins essentially pre-approved him
during her conversations with Trump
before he even made the pick so the
conventional wisdom is that it's a lost
cause but I think like that is dangerous
because the conventional wisdom is wrong
a lot we all remember 2016 and politics
change quickly and so you know I think
Democrats could raise the recusal issue
they could raise roe v wade they could
raise this document question and make it
so that
the numbers for Cavanaugh are worse and
worse and worse and completely changed
the conventional wisdom that oh this
would be a bad vote for red state
Democrats or that you know Susan Collins
gets more by going along with the Koch
brothers and the big special interest
groups i voting for him then voting
against him and actually standing up for
roe v wade so like we have to make these
fights you the the DC conventional
wisdom on these issues changes quickly
and is always wrong yeah I love it I
mean what do you thinking you know as
Tommy just pointed out Kavanagh has the
lowest level of support for a Supreme
Court nominee since 1987 when Robert
Bork's nomination was defeated by
Democrats during a hearing and yet you
know still there are five Democrats who
are still undecided over Cavanaugh even
after meeting with him Joe Donnelly
Heidi Heitkamp Doug Jones Joe Manchin
Claire McCaskill what do you think what
is the best strategy to get these
senators off the fence through this
hearing for these three I think it's I
think it's driving at them hard that
everyone's kidding themselves when they
say that that Cavanaugh won't overturn
it won't severe that that Cavanaugh
won't severely restrict Roe if not
outright overturn it if give it the
chance
I think pointing out the fact that this
is somebody who may play a role in
protecting Donald Trump and then
pointing out the fact that they're
covering up whatever his record is I
think is all are all the right things to
do I mean it's interesting the fact it
part of the problem is there is a
separation between the politics and will
and the outcome in that you know
Republicans have justified so much of
their morally despicable behavior around
judges and so they are going to drive
towards getting Cavanaugh on the bench
no matter how low his approval rating is
no matter what they have to do no matter
what documents they refused to release
no matter how hypocritical they look you
know this is this is a heist and you
know it isn't going well they've lost a
few guys you know but this is their last
big one this is their last big one
before maybe they retire forever and
they're gonna go for it and
they're not going and they're not gonna
go to jail they're not going down for
this they're gonna get that they're
gonna they're gonna finish the job all
of that means that I don't yeah sorry no
and so so I
you know I separate the politics around
the Republicans which I think are much
harder i I don't think it's that
complicated we need to just make it
clear to people like Claire McCaskill
and Heidi Heitkamp that there's more
pain and supporting this person and
there is in not supporting this person I
think there's a very very good case to
be made that the politics of Supreme
Court justices has change that is an old
logic that tells them they need to
support somebody like this and I think
we just need to make that case to them
over and over again we just show that
that that that they're most passionate
voters the people that will help them
retain their seats care about this and
that means calling that means keeping
the pressure on and that means not
accepting the logic of it being a
foregone conclusion we can't control
what Republicans can do that's much
harder but we can make sure that
Democrats held the line and drew a
really strong contrast when the drop
yeah I'd also say that those senators
that I just mentioned those red state
senators are running ads in their
campaigns in those red states right now
talking about how if Republicans win
they will repeal pre-existing conditions
they will appeal the Affordable Care Act
it'll get rid of your health care so
they're running sort of this like
economically populist campaign and I
think during this hearing
we'll probably hear some very pointed
questions to Cavanaugh about his record
and his beliefs around the Affordable
Care Act the president's ability to sort
of enforce the Affordable Care Act if he
wants or not and the fact that Cavanaugh
in almost every single instance has
ruled in favor of corporations over the
public over working people and so you
know if you hear from these red state
Democrats like oh you know in my state
roe v wade is a tougher sell or you know
this executive power thing and the
Muller investigation is a tougher sell
like you know we can disagree with them
on that but fine even on just health
care and on economic issues you can
really hammer this guy and then tell
your voters back home the reason I voted
no on Cavanaugh is because he is going
to continue to stick it to working
people as he's done his entire career
and unions don't yeah and unions and
unions we have learned in ballot
measures in state and local elections
there is a quiet incredibly strong vote
in favor of
laborer in favor of organizing we've
seen it in Oklahoma we've seen it
