it's time for our under-the-radar
segment where everyone goes around and
mentions the most important story we
didn't get to cover Tommy
start with you thank you so I don't know
that he's under the radar but after
declaring that everyone believes he
deserves the Nobel Peace Prize no no no
president Trump is now saying he doesn't
know if his meeting with Kim jong-un is
going to happen coins may I know they
got those cool coins he's blaming the
Chinese for Kim's change of heart in a
press conference yesterday sort of like
what happens like I don't care it's no
big deal
this was predictable he took the meeting
with no deliberation no coordination
with his team they didn't try to make
sure everyone's on the same page he just
wanted the headline and so I I
personally would love love to see the
u.s. engaged North Korea in a diplomatic
process but this is technical this is
complicated the details really matter
and what worries me is that if these if
these talks fall apart and Trump's ego
gets bruised then what he just tore up
the Iran deal and this week he sent out
a Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to
spell out their their new plan such as
it is and what that plan was was a wish
list that said Iran should stop doing
everything that they do that we don't
like or else they will face sanctions or
military force and the problem with that
is that the Europeans are ripshit pissed
at us for tearing up the Iran deal and
they're not gonna put on more sanctions
and the Russians and the Chinese sure as
hell aren't gonna pay attention what he
says about Iran so that means we either
back down or there's conflict so this is
very real very scary stuff and there are
no adults in the room speaking out and
navigating these very shallow rocky
waters of trumps intellect and ego and
that is not good
and one last thing I just want to say
which is not my
under the radar news which I just want
to thank the the wheeler family for
being here tonight they lost their son
band at Sandy Hook and they wake up
every day and they live with that
reality and they watch the news and they
see parkland and they see Santa Fe and
they keep fighting and working to get
real gun control past and if they can
wake up and fight for that and then we
can too
[Applause]
Alysa
okay what do you got for us let's talk
about our Secretary of the Interior who
wants to just burn down the parklands
and give it to like developers and also
does not have the love of animals that I
do I guess so I just want everyone to
know about this story in case you've
missed it because obviously so many
other insane things are happening on
Monday the Secretary of the Interior who
is known to have like mounted animal
heads and a taxidermy bear in his office
he and the Trump's have decided that
they're gonna roll back the rules of the
Obama administration which precluded
things like bears with mama bears with
their cubs being shot in their dens
coyote pups being shot in their dens
bears being killed while they hibernate
caribou who are swimming are allowed
we're not at the time under Barack Obama
Ken Salazar in Sally Jewell the caribou
we're not allowed to be shot while they
swam by motor boats and so the new
Secretary of the Interior
Ryan zenki he's rolling back all of
those protections and so it is his good
idea that especially in Alaska but you
know according to news reports to be
rolled out to many other states that
animals can be killed in the most
inhumane brutal ways that we have sort
of fought against for years and that
when we sort of when the Obama rules
came out everyone was like well of
course bears shouldn't be shot while
they're hibernating but that was before
Don junior and Eric and they just
thought that like Cecil the lion would
have been such a good get so anyway
there is a petition that is it's it's up
for review it's a 60-day review this
rule that they want to pass and it's up
for comment I think that I was the first
comment on the interior page but I will
again circulate
but everyone should shop because there
are so many terrible things happening
that they think we don't see things like
you know disgusting trophy hunting like
this isn't for people to eat you know
this isn't for people who need food
these are for people who want to mount
this on their walls and so anyway
that's my under the radar story and
follow me and I will circulate the
petition that you too can sign shoot a
buffalo from the Train love it what do
you got
we had a labor activist and expert named
Saru Jayaraman on love it or leave it
and it blew my mind
so I learned a lot about this so the the
current federal so the minimum wage is
the minimum wage we're all fighting for
a higher minimum wage the federal
minimum wage for tipped workers do you
guys know what it is it's to jump Wow
that's two dollars and 13 cents 43
states have a minimum wage between $2
and $7 this is I think one of those
issues where if Democrats really grabbed
onto it I think it would be obviously an
important policy because we're talking
about raising the wages for people that
work for all for Olive Garden that work
for IHOP you know one in roughly 1 in 11
Americans work in a restaurant half of
all Americans will at some point work in
a restaurant
seventy percent of tipped workers at
restaurants are women forty percent are
mothers
this is an economic issue over and over
again people who work in restaurants are
some of the poorest working people in
the United States in part because we
have this 2 dollar minimum wage and
there are some states that have passed
higher minimum wage especially a place
like California I think New York is in
the process of raising their minimum
wage for tipped workers but 43 states
again it's between two and seven dollars
it's also a issue around race because
it's a disproportionately people of
color that are working in these tip jobs
and people of color are tipped less than
than white people and white men also
it's a harassment issue because when you
tell people that they're not actually
paid by their employer that they're paid
by customers they're expected to endure
a greater level of abuse which is why
7% of a pea of people work in the
restaurant industry 37% of sexual
harassment claves are from restaurants
and finally it's a political issue I
think that if Democrats started talking
more about this there are 12 million
people I think that would come out to
vote for a higher wage because they're
currently working in restaurants there
are lots of people who no longer work in
restaurants who remember what it was
like to be harassed and underpaid and
relying on tips it's an antiquated
system and you know we've talked a lot
about the need to kind of have bigger
and bolder ideas to think differently
about politics because of what happened
and the fact that someone like Donald
Trump could become president and I think
one of those things that we need to
think about is how to make people who
are working every day some of the
poorest working people in United States
feel as though politics is about them
and one of the ways we could do that is
it is by raising the federal tipped wage
above $2.13 an hour and the restaurant
industry I am sure will come back and
say that oh this is about mom and top
restaurants there are exceptions you can
do there are lots of things you can do
this is about corporations that are
making millions and millions and
billions of dollars off the backs of
poor working people and they deserve a
living wage so that tips are on top of
what they earn and not instead of what
they earn and I think more Democrats
need to talk about it it's help them
organize and win in Michigan we stopped
it when the Trump administration tried
to get tips from people and this is a
this is it kind of under the radar issue
that I think could help get millions of
people to the polls yes praise be really
super fast event so we talked about that
on pad save the people and one of the
things I learned after that thanks to
the internet and Twitter is that one of
the things one of the unintended
ramifications of that can be that
kitchen staff then get cut out of pay
raises so that doesn't mean that we
shouldn't raise the tipped minimum wage
because we absolutely should it means
that we Democrats write the laws on this
they have to ensure that kitchen staff
have access and guaranteed eligibility
absolutely and I think in addition to
yeah no totally and I just every stat I
just said I stole from Sarah Russo just
that's Brittany what do you got trust
women I have that I do Porto Rico is
what I have we haven't heard much about
Porto Rico in a few months and that
might lead all of us to believe that
everything is fine there since Hurricane
Maria and I couldn't be further from the
truth
so what is it it's May 23rd right now
May 31st was the deadline is still the
deadline to have restored 100% of power
to all residents on the island as of
today there are 14,500 people still
without power which means that less than
1% of energy customers actually have
access to their power so we were
supposed to be at 100 percent in like a
week and we're at less than 1% in
addition there's a lovely gentleman
running for Congress in Florida John I
remember his name doesn't matter he's
running and he believes that the folks
who had the access and privilege to
actually be able to flee from Puerto
Rico to Florida should not be able to
vote when they get there even though
these people are Americans they're
American I'm not even trying to hide it
he's probably like ms-13 right yeah of
course and then on top of all of that
just two weeks ago peaceful protesters
who were in the streets protesting
measures such as school closings and
increased university tuitions and the
cutting of several benefits were met
with tear gas just two weeks ago and I
can personally tell you tear gas is not
fun there are a couple of things that
come to mind about this one is that
every single person there is a fellow
American and even if they weren't their
fellow human beings
and if I'm honest and if we're honest
with ourselves we can't blame Trump all
the way for all of us having forgotten
about Puerto Rico like that's on us and
I guarantee you that if we were talking
about an island or a state full of white
folks we would not be having the same
conversation people would have their
power people would be nobody would be
questioning their vote nobody would be
trying to close their schools or tear
gassing them in the streets Trump would
be there every other Sunday but every
yes because of the beautiful green
pastures yes but the call to action here
is to remember what did he go to
remember our fellow citizens there and
after you go and donate to Stacey Abrams
which you need to do Hey now the next
piece of homework is to find local
Puerto Rican charities and organizations
that are doing the work down there and
donate to them because it's really a
shame that we haven't been getting to
talk about this and here's mine so
Democrats had a very big night on
Tuesday last night a bunch of primary
elections across the country she want to
give a few highlights in Kentucky six
House districts we nominated the first
marine woman to fly an f-18 jet Amy
McGrath in Texas we nominated a
Democratic candidate who would be the
first Latina and the first openly gay
woman to serve as governor Lupe Valdez
we nominated a Filipina Air Force
intelligence officer in the Texas 23rd
named Gina Ortiz Jones in Georgia gun
reform activist Lucy bass the mother of
Jordan Davis goes to a runoff for the
six house district and we nominated a
candidate who will be the first black
female governor in American history
[Music]
[Applause]
here's the deal it was a good night for
Democrats turnout was up but a lot of
these places that all these people won
are very red and a lot of them start off
as underdogs a lot of these candidates
so we have a lot of work to do
we have 23 seats that we need to flip
the house there are five here in New
York there are five in New Jersey
that's 10 right there so after you're
done here tonight go to swing left org
and find the district closest to you and
donate and sign up to help for our
California friends who are listening go
to crooked comm slash crooked eight we
can flip seven eight seats in California
and if you live in New York you can also
go to vote org to make sure you are
registered to vote by June 1st is the
deadline to vote in the June 26th
primary right here in New York go
register be a voter John can I just add
yeah and then we can take that gavel
from Paul Ryan's hat replaces
them before then because he's a quitter
[Laughter]
we will be right back
you
