there are thousands and thousands of
important jobs in the federal government
that have a direct impact on people's
lives and he is filling them with the
absolute worst people exhibit a ben
Carson our friend ben Carson
there's so much promise it's so much our
expectations for Ben Carson were so high
and he has managed to just not meet them
he's considering replacing
anti-discrimination language in the
mission statement of the Department of
Housing and Urban Development this
follows what happened in February where
the US Citizenship and Immigration
Services Department removed the phrase
nation of immigrants from its mission
statement I love what will people hear
these things for the first time if you
cannot be clear on the fact that as you
are running the Department of Housing
and Urban Development that I don't know
people shouldn't be discriminated
against then maybe you shouldn't
actually have that job on the US USCIS
which is the US Citizenship and
Immigration Services changing their
mission what stood out to me was yes
that they took out a nation of
immigrants but even more so was what it
was replaced with and so I just want to
read really quickly white people rule
the mission of it now is protecting
American securing the homeland and
aren't on honoring our values that part
protecting Americans is what really
stands out to me because it's like who
are we protecting Americans from and
it's immigrants right that's that's
that's the most tolerant part to me
because it reinforces this notion that
immigrants are bad for the prosperity
and for the safety of America and if you
look at this mission statement change
with what was leaked from the Justice
Department
strategic plan which is also really
funny to me because part of the new
strategic plan of the Justice Department
is to prevent leaking but having
something apart what they're saying in
the strategic plan from the Justice
Department is that they want to restore
the rule of law and they want to do that
by preventing crime and they
specifically again named
13 so all of this is to say that the way
that we're gonna prevent a crime and the
way that we're going to prevent
terrorism in the United States is by
keeping immigrants out and that's really
problematic because it shows up as
Britney was saying in actual policy
right that's what we're seeing more
people getting deported that's what
we're seeing more people in detention
center we're seeing eight-year-old kids
in jail and those detention
centers are more and more becoming
for-profit detention centers that our
tax dollars are paying like we are
paying to detain and separate families
and we have to pay a lot of attention to
what Jeff Sessions is doing because that
man is dangerous
yes spent his entire life his entire
life his entire career criminalizing
people of color taking away protections
from people of color and we have to be
very village and for what he is doing
because he is baby the view of
ice is their job is to deport people and
it's like and if you're a hammer
everything looks like a nail and so I
think there is a lot to be said for
thinking about it if we make it the next
two and a half years and every
Democratic president to fundamentally
think about taking that agency down to
the ground floor and rebuilding it back
up in a way that is more consistent with
the values of how we should think about
immigrants in this country the
government is so big and sprawling in
the in the White House can't control
every piece of what's going on we tried
we tried and it doesn't work they do not
like it when you do that but even in
foreign policy national security you you
you set out like broad principles and
guidance and then people act on those
and so that's a critical piece of this
puzzle but then when you have a pressing
you knighted States who goes in front of
a bunch of cops and says you know smash
their heads into the door on the way in
it's no big deal
that sends a whole other message that's
just as up that leads to people
you know acting in ways that are totally
inappropriate and violent in some of
these rates that John was talking about
so like it is it is the bad the evilness
of Donald Trump is filtering down
throughout the government in a
frightening way or perhaps it's exposing
the evilness that was already isolate a
lot of Republicans they pick Paul Ryan
out of a hat if you will
[Laughter]
there were twelve Paul Ryan's in one
Michigan right and what they'll do is
they'll talk about how we're a nation of
immigrants and values and they'll go
speak it at naturalization ceremony in
their district and they'll pretend to
believe in a better ideal of America and
then they'll go pass a bunch of policies
and kill immigration reform do violence
other things Donald Trump is at least
brought a level of transparency to the
 Durio of the Republican Party
right he's not pretending he doesn't
speak in that he is just like this is
what we're gonna put a sign up that says
we're these people who are have
been outed for being birthers and it
like the press treats it like that was
the bug not the feature of why they got
hired and our people who don't go
through Senate confirmation they're just
hired like senior advisor for HUD if
somebody can just get hired off the
street so we're not gonna solve that
don't way to solve that problems get the
birth around the White House the but in
the context of actual confirmations yes
it will only take 50 votes but so are we
gonna live in a world where we're for
the next two years Democrat ever state
the Senate back they're going to block
every single Trump nominee or are they
gonna do a better level of vetting or a
better what more scrutiny into the
credit of the Senate Democrats who have
a limited lever here they've pushed
really hard they have held these people
up in in in the process of holding them
up not holding them for the purpose of
structure they're making sure they turn
their paperwork on time and when they
turn the paperwork in we realize that
they lied about things on the resume
they have potential criminal problems
huge financial conflicts of interest and
so that they should continue to do that
and if we actually got in charge of the
committee's then we could do that with
even greater diligence and discipline
what this segment just taught me is that
here's what the future is we're gonna
drill away all of our natural resources
on our best land which will probably
speed up the climate change that the
head of the EPA swears isn't happening
which will worsen environments for kids
living in substandard housing which HUD
apparently doesn't care about anymore
which means that kids actually won't be
able to go out of those neighbor
because thanks to Betsy we probably
won't be able to afford to go to college
and since that can't happen that means
that them along with all of the
immigrants that this administration is
trying to detain will be making license
plates and coffee cups in the private
prisons that Jefferson Beauregarde
sessions wants to put us all in so
that's the future if we don't win this
and they won't have health care and they
won't have them I'm also really
encouraged by these dreamers because
they are still in Washington like if you
go to the halls of Congress on Monday
they will be there and they're not going
to go anywhere until they are heard and
that is an amazing thing they have a
mazy agency a lot of people will
sometimes say if they don't have a voice
like no they actually have an incredibly
powerful voice and they're not just
using it for themselves because yes daca
is is a huge issue right now it's a huge
problem that Congress didn't do anything
even though an overwhelming majority of
Americans support dreamers but there's
also other things going on with
immigration outsider dreamers right
people are still getting deported people
are still getting detained all the
things I mentioned earlier and dreamers
are saying we don't just want a solution
for us we want a solution that includes
our parents that includes the rest of
our community and we don't want to hurt
and we don't and we don't want to hurt
our community by having a law that
protects us and so we have to respect
that and we have to respect that they
don't want to stay here if it means that
their parents are not going to be here
and where we go from here they're gonna
continue to be in Washington we need to
continue to call a Congress every single
day and tell our representatives that we
want them to protect dreamers and you
know what's really frustrating when I
think about parkland and when I think
about the dreamers is that the thing
that Congress chose to take up after the
March 5th deadline and after Parkland
was legislation to deregulate banks I
mean how does that make any sense and by
the way like Tommy and I had a little
Twitter back-and-forth about why I don't
think necessarily the regulations are
like the worst thing in the world for
other reasons maybe we can talk about
later but what is appalling about it is
that
is the thing that Congress chose to take
action on where there is no urgency to
deregulate banks it's not helping the
majority of Americans so we need to
remind them of that we need to remind
them that we know we know what you guys
are working on we don't like it and we
want you to refocus sometimes Democrats
we get technocratic and we talk about
800,000 kids and numbers and statistics
and contributions to GDP in taxes and
the Republicans tell a scary story about
ms-13 and fear and racism and they
appeal to these emotions I think we need
to do a better job of telling stories of
individual contributions of dreamers who
are serving as teachers and in the
military and doing extraordinary things
for our country and our justice American
they are American and and and tell that
story in a way that touches people
because like we know that that works you
can reach people if you appeal to
emotion and appeal the better instincts
and sort of drown out the Donald Trump
arguments that are out yeah that's
exactly all right time because
Republicans win when people are afraid
and Democrats women people are inspired
yeah I make all these calls I knock on
doors I'm still not sure anything's
gonna change
well the dreamers aren't sure of that
either the Parkland students aren't sure
that either the little lobbyists who
went to the halls of Congress aren't
sure that either and yet they go every
single day and they're still there and
they fight because they know that like
if they do it enough but like you said
change comes suddenly after it comes you
know not at all so I think it's a long
fight you know when I think about the
dreamers and daca the reason daca was
even enacted they forced President
Obama's hands to do something it was
them that who made it happen and it's an
it is them who's going to make
immigration reform happen Dean Heller
said this because he's basically in that
interview later he was like yeah and if
Kennedy retires that is the thing that
will gin up the Republican base for the
midterms because right now they're not
energized and the Democrats are and so
if only we have a Supreme Court
retirement then we'll be ready to go and
I sort of think that the Democratic base
needs to be energized if there's a
Supreme Court vacancy
[Applause]
and look if if we take the Senate back
and then there is a Supreme Court
vacancy and Donald Trump nominates
another Neel Gorsuch then Democrats have
the ability to do what Mitch McConnell
did to Merrick garland but I think the
question is will enough Democrats vote
to do that and I don't think we know
that yet and I think it was it goes to
the question of why and should Democrats
why don't Democrats care as much about
3/4 Republicans there's not a good
answer that because they should and
we'll look at two issues we are one
Supreme Court seat away from losing the
woman's right to choose in this country
right and we walk around here talking
about the Second Amendment as if for 200
years we have thought that the
Constitution said that you can buy a
handgun more easily than you can buy
cold medicine and that is not true that
is only a Supreme Court decision as
recent as 2008 and it was a 5-4 decision
and so a different Supreme Court may
look at that differently and say when
the when the founders said we needed to
have weapon arms in order to have a
well-regulated militia they didn't mean
you get to have a gun in your school and
think about this it's another 5-4
decision was Citizens United
a different Supreme Court with justices
picked by progressives can take money
out of politics they can put the cokes
out of business and so we should care
about this more than they should because
the Republicans are benefiting from the
status quo with the Supreme Court and we
the opportunity to change it and so we
have to care we have to get fired up
about it the Supreme Court just ruled
that immigrants in detention do not have
they don't have the right to a a bail
hearing so they can stay in detention
indefinitely that is something that just
happened from the Supreme Court a couple
of weeks ago this daca issue it is going
to go up to the Supreme Court the
Supreme Court didn't rule that daca can
can live the Supreme Court said it has
to go through the normal legal process
so it has to go through Appeals but
is eventually going to make it to the
Supreme Court so if we really are
serious that we care about all of these
issues then we need to care about who is
in the Supreme Court as well
gerrymandering the right to organize the
ability to regulate carbon pollution
these are all issues that could end up
coming between the before the Supreme
Court and why we should care incredibly
if there is a vacancy in this I do think
you know from President Obama's
perspective I thought he had enormous
respect for the men and women serving
when he made decisions about not sending
them into Wars there were a horrific
disastrous idea to begin with you know I
think like I don't know why I don't know
why Democrats are scared to say that as
often as they should I don't know why we
let ourselves you know there's let the
debate be about toughness and and be
about you know acting like a war in
North Korea would somehow be something
simple and wouldn't be a horrific cost
to our US military so I think we need to
make the pitch to these men and women
that we care deeply about them I think
part of that pitch is to fix the VA
because it has been a horribly
functioning agency for a long long time
and Barack Obama tried a number of
things to reform it and we didn't get it
done so we need to keep working on it
well what you guys I think Democrats
since 9/11 have been caught in this trap
where they think that somehow the only
way to be right on national security is
to sound and act as tough as Republicans
and that somehow that means that they
have to be pro-war all the time because
that kind of thinking and that kind of
fear from Democrats is why we ended up
in Iraq in the first place and why so
many Democrats ended up voting for the
Iraq war and I think we learned that
from Barack Obama like who came along
and was opposed to the Iraq war and said
that like you know he's not gonna have
his patriotism questioned because of
that and he's not gonna have him selphie
called weak because of that and that
like it's it's much more important to
have a smart foreign policy than should
just have like a fake tough foreign
so I did that like I think Democrats are
still I don't know if they've totally
learned the lessons of Iraq I think they
still have that fear that they have to
be sound tough on national security but
I know that Obama always thought that
was foolish and you know most people in
the White House did how we care for
folks when they come home is is really
where we need to be focusing our energy
right because you I can hear what you
say but I'm always going to believe in
who you are about how you treat me and
if we are not actually providing
pathways to good jobs and strong health
care and the kind of supports that
military families need then then it's
hard to actually give any rhetoric
that's going to make folks in our and
our armed services feel like we support
them
