ivenn thanks so much for joining us
today on part two the people a thank you
so much for having me so this is our
first real conversation I'm excited I'm
a voter here in the city I live in the
city from the city I'm interested in you
your platform so I'm hoping that we can
have a good conversation today yeah me
too I really appreciate it you know I
followed you a lot what you've been
doing for the people your career and
everything so yeah I'm really excited as
well the first question is why state's
attorney you've been a defense attorney
you've been a prosecutor like what makes
you want to be to some people the city's
sort of lead lawyer focused on putting
people in jail is how people think about
that rule to really make change to
really really make change the system
needs one you have to know the system
and being a prosecutor I was a
prosecutor so I understand that side
matter of fact they asked me I'll never
forget I was a prosecutor handling a
murder case and the judge we were
talking about sentencing the judge said
you know mr. Bates you're a defense
attorney wearing prosecutors suit and I
asked her why she say that she said
because you fought hard for this man to
have a lower sentence than his own
attorney so I became a defense attorney
and being defense attorney you know you
get to see the criminal justice system
to the eyes of people who are charged
some are guilty a number of them may not
be guilty I realize a lot of good people
sometime make that one split-second bad
mistake and so if that's the case
someone needs to be there who
understands them and so I think for me
having been a prosecutor and defense
attorneys not about locking people up
yeah if you're violent I have to hold
you accountable and they're different
levels of accountability but I'm really
been on second chances there's this
young man in my office named Corey Corey
did 23 years with the feds and so I you
know they reached out to me when he came
home we received his paralegal degree
and people are like hey this guy Corey
can give him a job so I said okay you
know I'll interview him he came in and
we talked it was interesting because
I'll never forget the sweater he wore
was the sweater from the 90s so I was
like I had the same sweater so then that
kind of just and I said talk to him he
played an audio tape of a hearing
involving a motion that he had written
there was some judges I honestly
recognized the judges voice they talked
about what a great job and how well it
was written so I said and talked him a
little more and I said you know what no
one's proudly gonna hire you because you
know you have a felony on your record
I'm gonna give you a child
I don't believe I can tell people what
I'm gonna do unless I've done it and so
what I realized where I thought I was
giving Cory something he gave me more
because he gave me and told me that when
there's somebody who's been down and
they've been through something if you're
actually there to pick them up and
believe in them they will work as hard
or harder than anybody they won't take
the opportunity for granted and they
really really will run with it and what
I learned from Cory was the importance
of making sure you support people and
that was it's been amazing he's now
still in my office one of my best
workers and he's basically doing things
and he really has helped and change the
office so much but I realized it got to
a point in his growth and development I
said you know Cory you're at a point
where now you should make so much more
you're not to pay what I can pay you
based on what I can but this what I'm
gonna do you need to have your own
business cuz I'm really big on business
I'm big on people being employed so I
help them and I said look some of the
people that can't afford me now they can
afford you to write the briefs emotions
and then they can pay me so much less
just to go in there and argue it in
court and so I wanted to make sure I can
help more people with my legal practice
because sometimes they just don't have
they ought to have you know smaller
payment plans and they can do that with
Cory but then they can still have the
attorney come in therefore if a smaller
fee at a later time period to pay me to
just make that argument and so that to
me is really important so the reason I
want to run is really help people it's
not to harm peoples not to lock people
up just to help them now how do you
think about the role of the state's
attorney in the sort of range of roles
that have to do something with violence
in the city and I asked because we see
sort of every election everybody is like
they're gonna be the person that fixes
the crime the city the mayor says this
city council president says it every
city council person says that the
state's attorney sort of say it that
they are going to be like the people
that bring in the thing that like
changes how people receive to be the
danger of the city how do you think
about the State Attorney's role as
unique in that range of offices the
state's attorney is the only one who
really can do something about it the
mayor doesn't charge people are married
and arrest people the head of city
council president they don't have
anything to do with it all the police
chief their police are making arrests
looking from the state's point of view
state's attorney decides who will get
charged and who won't get charged the
police can arrest 50 people the state's
attorney says we're not charging any of
them don't even come to the criminal
justice system this judge it only does
sentencing so the person has to be found
guilty before the judge can most likely
do a sentence the state's attorney is
the one who charges don't want state's
attorney is the one who often decides
what cases what may have a wiretap where
they won't have a wiretap the state's
attorney's office will decide what count
will be charged what count will be
called on a plea the state's attorney's
office will decide which one in terms of
the plea bargain what they'll offer in
2015 the law in the state of Maryland
changed its case called sharp sha RPE
case called sharp in 2015
said that the state's attorney's office
the one who now is in charge of
dictating plea bargains and makes the
sentencing recommendations dejected
before it was the judge the judge would
makes a sentence of recommendation on a
plea and the state's attorney would say
yea or nay now the judge can make a true
sentencing recommendation state says no
it is never going to happen the state's
astana says your honor our sentence and
recommendations 5 years and it's binding
the judge said looks at the defense
defense it says ok it's binding but
let's say a person is charged with 3
different types of handgun charges one
is a misdemeanor one is a felony but
doesn't hold mandatory jail time the
others are filling the holes mandatory
jail time the judge no one else decides
which count to call the state can decide
whether or not you have a felony on your
record or whether or not we're gonna go
with the misdemeanor and that's the
power and once you hold violent
offenders accountable then you make a
change but what about the individual
that comes to court who's in college on
his way to college the mother and father
aren't together he has no real knowing
at home to support him and now all of a
sudden he's before the state's attorney
having taken a cell phone well is that
gonna be a theft on a misdemeanor or is
that gonna be the felony now you give
him a felony he goes to college he can't
receive you know financial aid and what
about that the power that the state's
attorney office has why or maybe which
you could possibly do is this and this
is something I would do as a prosecutor
you know what I know I can ruin your
life I want you to do some community
service let's sit down and do 50 hours
community service know the people in the
community bring something back showing
you did it I'll go ahead and dismiss
this then you need
go to college and take this as a
learning lesson that's the power that
the state has so what will be different
about your administration than so the
promises that we've heard before and I
say that as somebody who grew up in the
city from Baltimore is that we've sort
of heard every sort of thing that people
can offer they're gonna like restructure
the office they're gonna like Target I
think about when cease fire was here was
this idea we're gonna like pour
resources into communities and like
divert people and we've had sort of 30
years of the most innovative practices
and like the outcomes really haven't
changed all that much so what would be
different about your administration I'm
the only one in this field that's
actually been in the trenches the
current state's attorney you know I
think about never tried a murder case
never been in the trenches was there
that long the other opponent you know he
was really terrible in terms of mass
incarceration
he bought a case that incarcerated more
black men in our city at one time that
anyone else charged 48 black men in this
neighborhood with these range of crimes
of all these murders being a part of BGF
only 14 people were found guilty the
most harm anyone received was 8 years I
watched that case ruin an entire
neighborhood yeah there wasn't a murder
in 18 months but there were no black men
in that neighborhood you can't do that I
represented a black man in that case who
basically lost his life lost his job
because he was charged with being a
member of a gang he lost his house
because he couldn't work and he lost his
family so to me what makes me difference
is I understand what what mass
incarceration does I look at violent
offenders totally different than
everybody else I have to sit down and
explain look we cannot do the violence
but I also sit down and understand
people are doing violence cuz they don't
have hope I recognize why are we
prosecuting small amounts of marijuana
let's stop that because we're giving
them criminal records to individuals who
can't get jobs and if they go to college
they can't do something with their life
one of the things that's interesting
people attack and look at the bail bonds
industry what I argued against I was
against hey this is a bill that's coming
in and this bill says that we should
have a second chance of the bail review
and they are talking about cash bail
cash bail cash bail to me Maryland and
Baltimore is totally different I'm not
so much for cash bail I'm against mass
incarceration once you took cash bail
out the equation there was no way to
release anybody
jail so would be lead to more mass
incarceration now people who don't
practice in the system of Baltimore City
they don't understand so they're looking
at it from a thousand feet up and say Oh
cash bail is terrible yes it is
but if there's nothing in this place we
have no system so we had a state's
attorney whose constant eked and
criticized the judges for everything the
judges are gonna say what we're not
letting anybody out on bail so we've
seen as a 23% increase in people being
incarcerated before they ever go to
trial meanwhile across the state we've
had a decrease I think of almost 15 to
18 percent of inmates being housed in
the Division of Correction so how is it
that prison population is going down but
pretrial population before anybody's
ever charters anything is going up
unfortunately there are so many people
are against cash bail that they never
say whether late is there another system
so when I'm up here yelling look we just
need to keep this bail system long
enough so we can put something in its
place it wasn't about cash bail and so
that was to me was a soil amazing and
Baltimore for instance you can have a
ten thousand dollar bail right and you
can give a bail bondsman a hundred
dollars and you'll get out it's unlike
anywhere else around so you and your
family members could come over a hundred
thousand dollars the bail bondsman will
get you out for one percent or less than
one percent and that's what the system
that made Baltimore unique and different
and there were so many activists and
other people who didn't understand the
bail bonds industry and that's what's
going on so now we've removed it we've
enhanced an increased mass incarceration
our state's attorney has a person who
goes there and answer to everybody be
held without bail so they're holding
these young people in without bail and
some of our older people they're losing
their houses they're losing their their
life and their livelihood and then when
it's time for their trial the state's
attorney then will say look we'll charge
you with the misdemeanor if you agree to
plead guilty so he charged them with a
misdemeanor and now they're pleading
guilty for something suspend all but
time served how is that fair that's not
what justice is about so for me I will
be different a lot different I recognize
what it's like to be charged because I
represent the people I know what it's
like for a mother who works two jobs to
pay me two hundred fifty dollars a month
because only things she has beside her
job as her baby
and her babies charged with a crime and
he died see him shaking in the jail cell
and what about the kids who can't read
you know how many people I've had to
read the facts their case to because
they couldn't read their discovery I
know what it's like for these kids and
no one's really been there voice isn't
it time that someone who was on the
other side of that line was their voice
for me the criminal justice system could
really change people's lives if it
happened the right way I don't want you
to be a part of it and I'm fortunate if
you're in it I want you to get up on
your feet I want you to do something
better with your life because I want you
to be a success story because at Howard
University I learned you have to lift as
we climb
now let's I want to talk about some of
the things you said you talked about one
of your opponents in the targeting of
the bgf you also in your sort of planet
what you said today you talked about
this logo some like violent offenders
and some people would say that like if
it is a known and there are a lot of
issues with like the way we categorize
gang gangs in general but if it's like a
known sort of group of gang members how
would that not fall in line what you're
saying about like prosecuting violent
offenders that like you seem to be
criticizing him for prosecuting a group
of violent offenders but you also sort
of talk about about taking about
limiters off the street as like a part
of your strategy so what's the
difference there well many people that
were in that group were not part of BGF
they just happen to live in that
neighborhood where some bgf people were
he did a wiretap that wiretap arrested
anybody who talked to anybody so you
could have a cousin who's part of bgf
and you know I'm Baltimore you can have
your cousin your cousin does what they
do if they hustle they hustle but the
end of the day they still your cousin
and if you go to the barbershop you're
in a barber shop before five people they
could be bgf you know you're not
involved in their life so what they did
and what he did not have an experience
or knowing what's happened in the
community
remember this gentleman never really
lived in Baltimore City and if you'd
even look at his record his driving
record he only moved in a Baltimore City
November 3rd 2016 I've been in Baltimore
since 1995 I moved out the city for a
very brief time period to have my mother
who's handicapped built her house so she
could have a place then my wife and I
moved right back into the city I've
always been associated city connected to
the city understand what makes the city
live Bree
and so from my standpoint I understand
that not everybody you have two black
men on the corner that doesn't mean both
of them are sitting out there selling
drugs yeah that makes me I think my push
is like how do you and this is like I'm
genuinely curious is you talk about
violent offenders and that makes sense
to me how do you do that in a way that
doesn't recreate the same sort of
race-based disparities that you seem to
be criticizing like I don't I'm trying
to understand that like what you do with
violent offenders is to me let's take
how I kind of view a lot of programs
called community prosecution community
prosecution deals with the grassroots
level right in the community and one of
the things that made me really
understand it could work was this lady
named Miss Johnson goes to my church
these boys sit out there and sell drugs
right outside her stoop there's no
camera nothing they sell on Tuesday
Thursday Saturday and Sunday
and so community prosecution involved
miss Johnson just coming to one of our
community forums she could tell her
pastor what's happening she may not come
or pass well let us know then we'll have
a car where the police go with the video
cameras and I'll do a couple undercover
buys once they do that we videotape and
we know who the individuals are who
actually selling the drugs it could be
twenty people on the corner but we know
which two came to the car and just sold
it sell the drugs we'll have a warrant
for their arrest when we arrest them
then we get in their phone once we get
in their phone will see the real
communications that are between the two
of them once we see the real
communication between the two
communications also go up to say who's
bringing the packs in and things like
that we're not just talking about hey
you're having a conversation with a
person hey what's going on what's
happening and so from there you begin to
have a better understanding and that's
how you begin to take down the gang what
happens oftentimes with a lot of those
Rico style federal style investigations
they come and grab everybody and once
they grab everybody people would just go
ahead and plead guilty because they're
afraid my whole thing is let's not do a
a wiretap from the top looking down
let's do it from the ground floor
building our way up to really see who
the people communicating what they're
doing in my case my gentlemen and that
the case that I had with my opponent my
gentleman got his hair cut in a
neighborhood and he was a bodybuilder
and so one of the guys who was selling
drugs he said hey I'm gonna come by and
get that I understand to me that sounds
like it's something drug-related he goes
and that goes in the house comes back
out the police
stop it was a brown powdery substance
they thought it was heroin I'm getting a
hundred percent it was tested and came
back to be creatine the officers told my
opponent hey this man has creatine my
opponent said doesn't matter he talked
to someone from bgf so he's charged he
was charged with being a known gang
member and because of that he lost his
job but he couldn't get his 401k because
the company had a policy if your charge
is something with you as an act of
terrorism we can't give you a 401k he
literally lost everything so it takes
understanding the people and
