here we are lovers would have been here
but he he had a bad pokeball okay it
turns out turns out when you purchase
the cheapest fish possible delay to your
door with an ice cream scoop and then
allow it to sit in a prius for a half an
hour sometimes bad things happen so here
but we're here you win
before we'll take a bunch of questions
we should start by talking about the
spectacle in the Cabinet Room and the
White House just now Trump Democratic
lawmakers Republican lawmakers they were
all talking about gun control and it was
as if it was the first moment Trump had
ever heard anything about gun control
policy Impala yeah
the look at his face is like a freshman
philosophy class so yours like holy
mind-blowing he is as we always say the
low information voters president blank
slate
the press is us you know this it was
very interesting event if you think his
words have any meaning which I don't we
all remember the the extraordinary hour
he spent talking to lawmakers about daca
right which resulted in him changing his
position 15 times getting overruled by
his own staff like Stephen Miller and
doing nothing
but yeah he started by saying he loves
the daca recipients and and just today
his campaign is selling American
dreamers hats so he really came a long
way on that one yeah it's so offensive
but at this event he said things like we
should take away the guns first and do
you a due process second which is the
literal nra fever dream mass
confiscation of guns Donald Trump cool
remember that one
he told Dianne Feinstein to work with
Manchin and Toomey on their background
checks legislation to a set add a new
assault weapons ban to it which is that
would be big news pretty big thing he
said he's gonna deal with bump stocks
don't even waste your time writing up
bum paragraphs will get rid of bum stuff
get heard of um sucks so that's good
raising the age yeah you talk about
raising the age for purchasing long guns
from 21 to 18 which is something that
had been floated and then walked back
via Axios
I believe by a lot of because because
Republicans in Congress I mean the point
of all this is Trump you know a bunch of
Democratic lawmakers in the meeting
suggested what sounds like common-sense
gun control measures to President Trump
and because they sound like common sense
and he is just a low information voters
who doesn't pay attention to politics
and gets his news from Fox which isn't
really news at all he stood there and
said he sat there and said sure yeah
that all sounds great let's do it yeah I
mean specifically what could happen here
is you know he was talking to Pat Toomey
Republican senator from Pennsylvania joe
Manchin democratic senator from West
Virginia
they had a bill in 2013 after Newtown
after the shooting at Sandy Hook that
Barack Obama pushed very heavily for
Toomey's a very conservative Senator
Manchin is pretty conservative himself
and that was comprehensive universal
background checks still probably not as
far as some of us would have liked for
it to go on background checks but pretty
strong basically closes the gun show
loophole where a lot of people buy guns
on the internet or at gun shows and make
sure that they are subject to background
checks as well
so Trump today is basically telling them
what what happened to your bill why
didn't get why didn't you get your bill
done
didn't you guys mentioned you had a bill
at one point the only hope we have of
Trump backing gun control laws is if he
thinks he can do something that Obama
didn't get done and talk about
which is clearly which is what he
thought and I mean everyone write him a
letter saying you only you can do this
sir Obama could never get this done what
was so amazing about him saying that in
that meeting though is those
snakes John Cornyn and Marco Rubio are
on either side of Donald Trump two
people who voted against manchin-toomey
in 2013 so everyone knows in 2013 when
manchin-toomey tried to pass this bill
it got 55 votes in the Senate it was
five short of 60 we had very few
Republicans except for Toomey McCain
maybe a couple others who voted for the
bill most every Democrat voted for it
except for Heidi Heitkamp and a few
other Democratic senators who are not
there anymore so we got really close to
60 votes but just about every Republican
in the Senate was against it so
most people think nothing comes to this
meeting nothing happens the White House
will probably walk back
Trump's comments and/or you know
McConnell Ryan and other Senate people
will say and house people will say no
way we can pass this right yeah I mean
like John Cornyn is the most cynical
person in the Senate he's disgusting so
he's probably already you know thinking
through ways to make sure this proposal
never sees the light of day Paul Ryan
has already punted from and said the
Senate should start any legislative
movements so whatever but anyway it's
pressure on them it's pressure on
Republicans to do something which is
nice it's nice when Trump the distances
himself from these guys especially when
we're going to be running against these
clowns in the midterms he also he told
Steve Scalise when Scalise was talking
about concealed carry reciprocity no way
just said said forget that don't put it
in the bill which is it was just great
because it's an awful idea where if your
state has super strong gun laws someone
who got a permit in a state with very
weak gun laws which says you can have a
gun no matter if you're a domestic
abusers stock or teenager or whatever
you have to recognize a permit from
another state so would be an awful idea
but Trump excuse kelis was like yeah
let's put it in the bill with background
checks and Trump like now now it'll
never pass weird it was a weird it was
good TV but like you know keeps guessing
keeps you guessing no one no one get too
excited all right let's take some
questions
we got Kim Fritz asks what's the status
on daca go for it it does not look like
it is passing in the house or the Senate
right now because Paul Ryan refuses to
put anything on the floor that would
protect the dreamers unless it also cuts
legal immigration to this country to its
lowest levels since the early 1900s and
of course we fell about 5 or 6 votes
short of passing something that our
compromise that would have protected
dreamers in the Senate so where are we
basically another court ruled last week
that so the Supreme Court last week
decided they're not going to take a doc
a case right now which means that as of
right now the March 5th deadline that we
had talked about for so long is no
longer operable because the court
have said that while we wait for this
lawsuit about daca about Trump ending
daca to move through the courts people
can go apply for work permits so if you
are a dreamer if you were someone who
could qualify for daca right now and and
your permit is running out you should go
apply for another permit right now
because right now they're in limbo
because the court has not decided this
and it doesn't seem like the Supreme
Court will decide this for a while so
we're basically waiting for an appeals
court right now so this is something
like you know Trump's probably excited
about this in the Republicans because
they don't have to do anything now
they're not gonna get held responsible
and they don't have to deport anyone and
get the for that but also dreamers
aren't protected by law right yeah so
that's where it is right now
now that deal JD's Scholten who was
running against Steve King in Iowa we
love that Democrat running against Steve
King how do Democrats in the Midwest
combat the coastal urban stereotypes hmm
Tommy what do you think you know let me
say about this or urban stereotype when
you were there a couple thoughts one
Steve King is one of the worst people in
the world certainly all of Washington
he's overtly racist well he has been for
a long time the the Republican Party was
racist before Donald Trump he said that
al Qaeda would dance in the streets when
Barack Obama was elected the fact that
they never discussed himself from that
piece of garbage says a lot about the
party and kind of cloud the path for
where we are today I spent a lot of time
in southwestern Iowa it's rural it's
different than Los Angeles or Atlanta or
Chicago so I you know I don't know that
there's there's some truth to the rural
urban divide like it's it there are
different places with different people
and I don't think that there's
necessarily a need to combat stereotypes
or like personal views that Democrats in
Boston are different than Democrats in
southwest Iowa I think you have to run a
race on issues that reflect the values
of your district and run strong and be
honest but will you believe in and fight
it out yeah remember Obama was used to
say to us like that when he would go
down to
southern Illinois mm-hmm which yeah and
and in Iowa in the early days and he
said you know I met people and I met
people who are Republicans and people in
rural areas and and they liked me
because it wasn't the caricature of me
that they saw on Fox News or that they
saw in the media and they didn't know
that caricature yet you know if your
candidate running you just got to go out
and meet people and don't worry about
like what's on the news in national
stereo JD's not gonna get a lot of Trump
fans voting for him not getting a lot of
Steve King vans but there's a lot of
reasonable people that are living their
lives that want government to do a
better job that might you go meet those
people and you show them who you are and
then you'd have to worry about the
stereotypes Mia asks I've seen a lot of
people assert that Obama didn't do
anything about guns when he was in
office how would you respond to people
didn't make that argument haha I would
respond with political realities which
are that Obama really really tried to
push common sense gun reform legislation
multiple times
Manchin mentioned to me was the last one
yeah and to the people who say well why
didn't he do it in oh nine when the
passed the Affordable Care Act just
because you have 60 votes to support
healthcare legislation doesn't mean you
have 60 votes to support gun control he
did not it's just a reality the way we
get where we want to be on this is to
win more elections it's the only way we
had a sigh I went back and looked this
up because I was thinking about this the
other day we had a 60 vote 60 votes in
the Senate from April 2009 until
February of 2010 because if we had to
wait for Arlen Specter to change parties
right then we had to wait for Al
Franken's election to be decided because
it wasn't until summer right and then
Ted Kennedy passed away and Scott Brown
won the seat so it was it was in the
middle of healthcare in the middle of
saving the economy and you know and we
still like Mark Pryor and like all these
senators he's been not never doing
control but the first time there was a
mass shooting on Obama's watch around in
Tucson when Gabby Giffords was shot from
that moment on and that was 2011 maybe
he pushed gun control all the time as
much as he could he ended up as also
signing 23 executive actions on gun
control as well when Congress would
anything but I always say like
manchin-toomey you get you get joe
manchin who literally like ran for
office running an ad where he shot a
copy of the climate change bill if you
have him and pat toomey conservative
Senator from western Pennsylvania
pushing gun control legislation and that
doesn't work and if that's still too
liberal for some people it's not Barack
Obama's problem now that if those two
guys are passing I can't get gun control
done like I you know it's a Republican
Party that's bought and sold by the NRA
and a bunch of Democrats were scared
shitless of gun voters and the NRA
pushing them to vote against them and we
have to fix both of those problems Anna
asks what's the deal with Jeff Sessions
asking the Inspector General to
investigate FISA abuses is this a result
of the newness memo I don't know it's
probably the results it's a good very
good question it's probably the result
of broad-based political pressure on
sessions from as president's twitter
feed to notorious devin Eunice's
various memos and other verbal diarrhea
that he spews on the body politic on a
daily basis it was interesting that
Trump doesn't think that it's sufficient
sorry good taking him on it this morning
like for Jeff Sessions you know yet you
know that this was something quite I'd
love sessions was like this is
completely Devin newness is
kind of crazy but I've got to keep Trump
off my ass so I might as well send an
investor and best inspector general to
go and and investigate this and then
he'll go off for months and then that'll
be that right and I'm just hammered him
on it yeah didn't didn't save him at all
Josh Collins asks what advice do you
give high school students like me who
are considering walking out but might
face pics resigning and Tanya and Elijah
and Melanie just giving us their
breaking news sounds to the best of
their ability in every White House
there's some staffer that's close with
the principal and their job is to walk
into meetings and say things like you
know I think we gotta just let Trump be
Trump you know I mean that's the key to
all our message
hoe pick sounds like the greatest Trump
in a blur in the entire building who
would only give him good news who could
do no wrong in his eyes she was not
qualified before the campaign started
she's not qualified now saying that you
tell little white lies for the president
United States is a outrageous comment to
provide to a House or Senate Oversight
Committee I think it was her house so
good is that's pretty that's pretty
crazy
also I wonder if she's in some trouble
too I mean more you know as as the
ultimate yes person to Donald Trump and
they're looking into obstruction she was
there helping with the statement that
Trump tried to draft aboard Air Force
One saying that the meeting with Don
junior and the Russians and was actually
about adoptions which of course it was
not covering up for dumb Donald with his
dad the anthology nice evening so she
could she could be in some trouble could
be in some serious well anyway
that's we'll keep you up-to-date on that
breaking news because that's what we do
all right so Josh Collins asked what
advice to give to high school students
like me who considering walking out but
might face consequences he is I'm
imagine referring to the National
walkout that a lot of high school
students are planning to protest gun
violence and the failure of Congress to
do anything about gun violence I think
it's in April 20th I don't know what do
you think Tommy I mean this is easy to
say and harder to do but walk out you
know what you you're when you're thirty
years from now when you're thinking back
about that day I can remember we learned
in class you no matter if you stood up
for something you care about talk to
your parents about it see what they
think I know some schools skip that
stuff walk out some schools our
superintendents have said you know
three-day suspension some of said it's
okay three days off yeah yeah yeah you
have to figure out you have to do what's
right for you but like think about in
during the civil rights movement in the
60s all those students who participated
in the Montgomery bus boycotts who sat
at lunch counters like you know students
have led the way on a lot of these
social movements forever and it's not
easy when you go do this and when you
protest and when you boycott things like
their end up being consequences to it
and that's why you do it to make it
disruptive and because it's difficult
and so it's never going to be easy to do
something like this there's always going
to be consequences
to it but if it's really important to
you and you believe in it you should do
it you know what Josh Collins your good
guy we support you no matter what you do
probably got them in trouble in advance
now at oh here we go Tommy hmm please
spend stable genius Megan asks please
spend a couple of minutes dunking on
perennial coward Marco Rubio and his
dumb tweets absolutely uh-oh you know
what someone said just do like a
30-minute kushnir burn - maybe we can do
both of these right you know start with
Marco time with Marco I have his tweet
from this morning so I'd like to just
start with why I hate Marco Rubio great
it's because he is the epitome of a
politician who thinks that style Trump's
substance and then he can walk in and be
slick and be friendly and that he
deserves points for that in Washington
look no further than the CNN Town Hall
where he went
he seemed reasonable and empathetic and
friendly but then he wouldn't he would
look these kids in the eye and tell them
essentially that he would do nothing to
stop gun violence nothing to prevent
further violence in their schools when
they're telling them they're scared to
go back to class so he is a political
coward and worse he's a political coward
who thinks that his brand of politics
where you know you just have to be
friendly he's somehow more important and
civility is somehow more important than
what you actually do and he complains
when he's criticized by the media and by
Democrats for his lack of action and
John why are his claims of for civility
so this morning you tweeted the debate
after Parkland reminds us we the people
don't really like each other very much
we smear those refused to agree with us
we claim a judeo-christian heritage but
celebrate arrogance and boasting and
worst of all we've infected the next
generation with the same disease smears
well what the I mean what a downer
from someone who's supposed to be a
United States Senator he's also like
attacking a whole generation of being
like arrogant Wilson but but all that
aside Marco Rubio and his campaign spent
a year in 2016 accusing Barack Obama of
intentionally trying to destroy America
and then he made a bunch of dick jokes
about Donald
on stage at a debate so that's that's
Marco Rubio until until he was until his
career was ended on stage by Chris
Christie who was not turned out to be
the most impressive politician of the
bunch so Marco Rubio desperately wants
to be viewed as someone who was
reasonable who was a solid Republican
but also listens to the other side and
could bring the country together and is
young in a new generation except he has
never taken any position or done any
politics that reflects that desire to be
seen as reasonable you've got to do
something to get to earn that right but
one time he stepped out was on
immigration reform then he got slapped
once right by the right wing of the
party and he has never tried to do a
goddamn thing since and that was the
bravest thing I did coward he actually
did step out on immigration reform and
