this is a very special pod save the
world episode for me because the echo
chamber has officially moved West Ben
Rhodes now a Los Angeles resident is
sitting in studio it could media Global
HQ Ben yes it's so great to actually see
your face when we're talking yeah the
entire infrastructure of the echo
chamber is back in my iPhone now let's
explain to people for one second what
the hell I'm talking about there was a
New Yorker story which we briefly
mentioned on pot save America that
talked about our Trump's national
security staff actually circulated a
memo that was written like an assessment
of a foreign insurgent network you are
running the echo chamber along with
Colin Col who is Biden's national
security adviser but the the broader
network encoded me Pfeifer Favreau some
others loved it was a little upset he
was left out we won't get into that what
did you make of this stupid memo well
you know there were a couple of strange
things about it yeah described Colin as
the operations chief feel I kind of like
Al Qaeda's number three like that keeps
getting whacked I think what was weird
about it is you know first they really
did write about us as if we were al
Qaeda and so people who should be
spending their time at work like
thinking writing about okay yeah I'm
ready my cut are going and thinking
about us and the mindset is that we
really are an enemy of the state just
like the media is to trump I should know
yeah we're recording this on 9/11 like
they really should be thinking I mean
the national security stuff yeah they
should not be viewing people who are
basically just expressing opposition to
Trump as an enemy the other thing that
was strange and reading it is they they
wrote it they must they seem to believe
this you know like they seem to actually
believe that you know there's there's a
constant plot to you know kind of
overthrow or undermine the government
when really it's just people expressing
opposition to Trump's policies and it
just shows you how deeply embedded the
kind of conspiracy theory mindset is in
the White House and that's very people
should understand like that's very
abnormal
you know we had lots of critics we
didn't sit around in national security
meetings and write memos you know
viewing Breitbart as like the enemy of
this state you know
aiming to overthrow the government I'll
say personally your viewers may not your
sorry your listeners may not remember
the black cube thing a bunch of Israeli
former Mossad guys hired to dig up dirt
on me and call and call and our families
and they contacted our wives what was
striking to me is that this memo
mirrored exactly what came out in that
black cube thing me and Collin as the
leaders of some echo chamber aiming to
undermine Trump so to me the forensics
are pretty obvious yet this memo was
kind of the point of origin of whatever
effort ultimately led to that and
similarly as with so many things we see
today the idea of hiring you know
foreign spies to essentially undermine
your political opponents United States
that's not normal no and it speaks to
again an administration in a White House
that you know is so profoundly outside
of what people should expect in our
country in our democracy they see
legitimate dissent as intolerable they
see the media's intolerable and they're
essentially even though they're inside
the most powerful building and
institution in the world you know they
still feel like they have this
conspiracy theory minded chip on their
shoulder yeah I mean right I mean it
seems clear to me a couple of things I
don't know this for sure but it seems
clear to me that Seb Gorka had a hand
writing this memo and you made the point
on our ongoing text chain that he had
literally nothing else to do sitting
around us good go to meetings so he's
reading our tweets and the memo said
like these are the people who you know
attacked Seb Gorka for being an
anti-semite because like i retweeted a
ford article about yeah how he belonged
to a nice somatic organization Tempe
render I mean just the the
self-absorption to see everything
through a prism of how it affects
yourself when you're suppose
to again be in a job where you're
looking out for the whole country you
know is is deeply deeply strange yeah so
there's that weird part I mean there's
there's the very strong likelihood that
this a national security staff product
was fed to a shadowy group of former
intelligence operatives I mean is there
is there a precedent for something like
that or their implications that you
think people should understand of how
kind of serious that actually is we want
to make fun of it because it sucks yeah
I mean I
it led clearly to a bunch of stuff I
mean people may remember the Devin Nunez
stunt right yep where he claimed that he
had this information that you know Susan
Rice and I were unmasking Trump
officials and it turns out I didn't ask
anybody and but it you know the it led
to all of this effort to throw up you
know dust to say you know what Obama
wiretap Trump Tower the reality is this
is not how the US government should
function and the reason it should be
concerning you know number one it sends
a pretty chilling message it's the same
thing of yanking Brennen security
clearance and two people in the
government yeah right who are not like
us who are actually you know career
people Foreign Service people
intelligence analysts you know that if
you deviate from you know some fuel T to
trump you you might be punished right
there might be foreign spies hired to
dig up dirt on you you wrote this op-ed
god knows what apparatus the
intelligence community's gonna come
after you you're threatening them at the
podium exactly and that is what
authoritarian governments do you know
they they come into power and they purge
their enemies they punish their enemies
they harass their enemies
that's what's unprecedented here is that
it will potentially have a chilling
effect on the advice that comes to trump
and people's willingness to speak truth
to power inside of government you know
that that the ability of Congress to
conduct oversight because the
Republicans have essentially signed on
to this project so it leads to you know
really a lack of accountability inside
of the government and frankly a chilling
effect on the ability of
to raise their voices in opposition to
what the government is doing yeah um
weird article okay so like I said
today's the anniversary of 9/11 we'll
release this on September 12th over the
weekend the Los Angeles Times had a
story where they assessed 17 years after
9/11 attacks
what is the strength of al Qaeda and
they suggest that al Qaeda might
actually be stronger than ever and I
wondered what your take on that was if
you saw that piece yeah I saw it I mean
I I don't I don't think that's right
because you have to separate out two
things here
how much is there support for extremism
and violent extremism as you know
practiced by al Qaeda in different parts
of the world but also how capable is
this terrorist network of carrying out
an attack you know I worked with the
9/11 Commission the the the hijackers
were highly trained individuals who
spent years designing that attack
learning how to fly planes learning the
vulnerabilities in our aviation system
so they could bring box cutters on to
those planes
picking the targets of the World Trade
Center in the Pentagon they were able to
do that because they weren't under
pressure you know they could just sit
there in Pakistan in different parts of
the world and in cells that they had in
places like Germany and planned this
catastrophic attack that capability does
not exist anymore you know those kind of
seasoned terrorists who have time and
space to exploit open societies they're
under a lot of pressure so yes while
there may be a lot of support for the
division of al Qaeda or Isis in
different parts of the Muslim world
there's not that type of network that
has the time and space and frankly
freedom of movement and action to plan
another 9/11 stylet right um the the
peace had some graphics were they
estimated the number of al-qaeda
fighters affiliates in countries like
Syria and Yemen and Libya and Somalia
and to me the common thread there was
like these are failed States there's no
governance there's no jobs there's no
infrastructure there's no army
necessarily in some of the places I mean
Yemen is a
Inchon example because they're getting
bombed constantly Riley there's the
kinetic attacks all day every day with
horrific results is there a lesson that
we should learn from that map about
reorg reorienting counterterrorism
policy towards diplomacy and development
and not just like bombing the out
of a country like Yemen yeah look I
think the really difficult thing for
Americans to recognize is that we got
the response to 9/11 in a lot of ways
wrong yeah you know that it was wrong to
obviously invade Iraq a country that had
nothing to do with 9/11 and essentially
you know blow up you know you know and
put open up the Pandora's box of
sectarian conflict in the heart of the
Middle East I think it's wrong that
we're still in Afghanistan fighting a
war almost 20 years after 9/11 we did
something's right in getting better at
hardening our defenses and going after
Ana pinpoint way terrorist networks but
it's notable you know that we have kept
the threat away from 9/11 style attacks
in the United States
but we've also contributed to the
breaking apart of these states and the
military effort and Yemen being led by
our so-called allies Saudi Arabia is a
case in point look where is that leading
it's not leading anywhere other than to
further breaking apart that country
potentially radicalizing people creating
openings for extremists and so I think
you know at some point we have to make a
pivot away from this kind of permanent
war across the Middle East and and parts
of North Africa towards more diplomatic
approaches because you know if we're
essentially moving from one war to the
next and breaking apart you know any
capacity of these states to govern
themselves either because what we're
doing or because of what Saudi Arabia is
doing you know ultimately you're gonna
have this constant festering sore of
failed States and and uncovering spaces
where yes it may be hard for a terrorist
organization to kind of just hole up and
plant a 9/11 attack for a couple years
but there's going to be fighting there's
going to be radicalization there's going
to be Isis type attacks
in places like Europe or individuals who
are angry about what's happening to
Middle East
commit acts of violence so I think that
you know task for the next Democratic
Congress next Democratic president is
going to be how do we definitively end
these wars and pivot to a more
diplomatic approach coupled with some
counterterrorism capabilities Obama
moved us in that direction by bringing
home you know well over a hundred
thousand troops from Iraq and
Afghanistan but we didn't get all the
way there yeah I want to ask you a
little more about Afghanistan in a
second but before we go to that question
I mean drones you can't talk about
counterterrorism without drones and I
read a lot these days
sort of just state it as a fact that
drone strikes create more terrorists and
they take off the battlefield and at
this point it's been what five years
since I've seen any intelligence on this
stuff so I don't really know the answer
but what's your take on that assertion I
think that I think that there's
something to it you know anybody who can
say with certainty that they know you
know that this you know cause had this
effect in terms of a drone strike it's
hard thing to measure here's what I do
know though is that drones were a useful
tool in taking out like I said kind of
irreplaceable leaders of al-qaeda like
people who had certain skills right they
knew how to make bombs or they had
contacts around the world or they were
financiers of terrorism my worry is once
the US government has a capability like
drones they don't like to give them up
and they can always find a reason well
there's a threat from this place and so
if we don't take these drone strikes
there's gonna be a threat and and we
can't live with that threat and my
concern is what is the plan to phase
these out you know do we need to be
taking you know how do we separate out
extremists who really do merit a
potential drone strike from just these
seem like bad guys so let's take them
out because I think where you do have a
problem is you know take a country like
Pakistan you know we're in this you know
constant situation where you know we're
potentially taking actions to inside a
Pakistan
the local population doesn't like and it
seems to never end and Pakistan
continues to be a bit of not just a bit
a mess continues to have radicalization
in large parts of the country continues
to have a government that cannot really
appear to be working closely with us
because the public in Pakistan is so
angry about drone strikes you know
that's not sustainable for time and so
in these places like Pakistan and Yemen
where there has been a lot of US
counterterrorism activity I do think
over time there needs to be plan to say
we're willing to live with a certain
amount of risk here because continuing
to take drone strikes is going to
continue to turn the local population
against us
and at what point is the value of taking
out some extremists
you know outweighed by the fact that you
know it's not a sustainable model of
security to constantly have a foreign
government the United States you're
taking military action to kill people in
these countries yeah you're talking
about the the point in which smart
counterterrorism policy intersects with
stupid politics in our country and boy
is that a dude and you know you
said in the in the in the White House
it's tough right because you know people
come to you and they say well if you if
you don't do something there could be an
attack right and once somebody says that
to you it's like ah yeah you know you're
thinking well I'll be responsible if
there's an attack and some someday
someone will sit in a congressional
hearing and say well they were warned
that if we don't take this strike in
Yemen you know something bad could
happen and so there's always a reason to
bomb some other country but at a certain
point we have to say it's time to
rethink that approach you know speaking
of rethinking approaches so right after
9/11 9/11 attacks we invaded Afghanistan
we're looking for bin Laden we're trying
to dismantle the al Qaeda Network and we
have been there ever since
yeah 2,200 Americans have been killed we
spent more than eight hundred and forty
billion dollars with a be fighting the
Taliban and paying for relief and
reconstruction which the New York Times
noted is more expensive in current
dollars than the Marshall Plan yeah
which rebuilt Europe after World War two
when you look at that those numbers in
that time frame unbalance was this worth
it
we're we wrong harder question were we
wrong to surge troops in 2009 and
refocus on Afghanistan or
that kind of broken at them I think look
first of all we should be out of
Afghanistan I think this should be a
priority for Democrats they take back
Congress I'd like to see Democratic
candidates for president saying we
should be out of Afghanistan and I look
at this way I was in New York on 9/11 I
saw the World Trade Center you know get
attacked I saw the first tower fall and
you know I I wanted to go get the people
who did this yeah
if somebody had said to me this kind of
angry 24 year old kid you know walking
around the streets in New York on that
day worried about whether I knew anybody
was killed hey we're gonna go in
Afghanistan and we're gonna topple the
Taliban and we're gonna take out Osama
bin Laden and we're gonna take out
essentially all the people responsible
for this I'd say okay that sounds good
if they said oh and by the way we're
also going to still be in Afghanistan 17
years from now trying to prop up a
government fighting constant insurgency
and spending a trillion dollars I think
well that makes no sense I don't think
anybody in the United States would have
thought the bat made sense and a certain
point you have to say we've accomplished
the objective that we went there for we
took out the people who did this we
delivered justice to bin Laden we took
out the Taliban and now it's time to
leave and again there's the same problem
where they'll say well if we leave you
know
the Taliban could come come back and
take over parts of the country they
already have like us being there is not
a stabilizing presence it just is
feeding this perpetual insurgency this
perpetual war there and it's having
we're not accomplish staying is not
accomplishing the thing that people say
will yeah and so I think we were wrong
in I don't think we were wrong to surge
some forces there and to go after al
Qaeda I think we were wrong and not
being clear at defining the acceptable
end point at which point we could get
out right because there were always you
know the Taliban they they're just
people who live there I mean you talked
about assessments of numbers every year
they'd say well the Taliban has twenty
or thirty thousand fighters we were
killing like 10,000 people probably more
than that each year I don't know the
exact number clearly that no but that
number never changed always still it's
always a stalemate and that the fact is
that the
tribal networks of people who live in
Afghanistan and it gonna be fighting to
control the areas where they live the
Taliban is not tried to conduct attacks
against the United States like Al Qaeda
is so it's not our job to eradicate the
Taliban we're not going to do it and we
shouldn't try to do it yeah a
potentially even crazier idea for a war
that has been floated currently we know
from leaks we know from Bob Woodward's
book we know from Trump's own public
statements that he is seriously talking
to his national security team about
invading Venezuela and in fact had to be
talked out of it if you believe some of
the reports now it's a level set of
Venezuela it is a humanitarian disaster
people are starving hospitals have
literally no supplies to use to treat
their patients there is the potential
for a massive refugee crisis in South
America so this is like a huge yeah huge
serious problem but what do you make of
these ideas for a military option for
Venezuela like even even I think Marco
Rubio seems to be seriously considering
I think it's totally insane you know
been Venezuela I mean first of all you
