last week vice-president pence delivered
a speech where he outlined the
administration's plan to create a
military command dedicated to space and
establish a space force as the sixth
branch of the US military as soon as
2020 so it's easy to laugh at President
Trump and his dumb tweets like
spaceforce all the way exclamation mark
but I wanted to take the idea seriously
and see if there's some merit here and
if there's a need for the United States
to double down on its investments in
space and specifically military
technology in space so I'm really
grateful for you for being here with me
and talking through all this complicated
stuff great thanks everybody is joking
about space force but we we do have some
legitimately big problems in space that
need to be fixed right okay and so you
know an important point I think is the
military is already operating in space I
think right we've got satellites for
communication there's intelligence
collection satellites you've got missile
defense there's GPS and other similar
technologies used to guide precision
munitions we've gotten missiles that go
into space before coming back down into
the atmosphere to hit their targets what
is the military footprint like in space
and what is the what is the costs to the
US taxpayer to invest in those
technologies yeah well so space is
really important to the military it
generally allows the Pentagon to fight
the kind of wars that it wants to fight
and that means operating anywhere in the
world it means getting there quickly
fighting in very precise and effective
ways so all the things you mentioned and
I would also add that they play a role
in command and control of our own
nuclear forces and weapons play into how
the military does does business it's
part of almost any operation you can
imagine or conflict that the military
plans for involves and relies upon space
assets our adversaries I you know
according to pensive speech are
investing in space-based defense
technology do you think they're
investing more than we are and me heaps
Penn specifically meant
that in 2007 China hit an old weather
satellite with a missile which he called
a very provocative demonstration of
China's growing capability to
militarized space but is that a big
concern that you could you know use a
missile to take out a bunch of
satellites and suddenly we don't have
eyes and ears yeah that's actually one
of a lot of concerns the United States
the space acquisition budget is around
10 billion dollars a year it's not jump
change I was big and so but but that's
actually why Russia and China are trying
to contest that because there are ways
to do that that don't require them to
spend nearly that amount of money so you
mentioned of course the anti-satellite
weapons the china test in 2007 which
destroyed its own weather satellites and
tracked who were you know still dealing
with the thousands of pieces of debris
in space from that but there are a lot
of other threats too you can
theoretically use cyber operations to
spy on satellites collect that data you
could spoof or even change data so what
we are seeing might be wrong you can
maybe even hijack satellites
theoretically there's also electronic
warfare so you can jam signals that are
going to and from satellites so Iran
reportedly did this in 2009 when they
used electronic warfare capabilities to
jam transmissions from Voice of America
into Iran and then the newer set of
threats that a lot of people are talking
about is directed energy or lasers to
blind and confused satellites and so we
hear that Russia may be trying to field
an airborne laser that would be able to
blind our satellites in coming years so
there's it's it's definitely the anti
satellite kind of physical destructive
component of this is worrisome but
that's not nearly the only you know
threat threat that we have are we gonna
have like spaceship equivalent of c-130s
with with Star Trek enabled or looking
men and women on them with laser guns
like or is that is that a very distant
future yeah I don't know about that I
mean it's this you know the logo later
we can yeah talk about that but I mean
so many of the capabilities that DoD has
is our satellites right it's right it's
not the traditional vision and depiction
of you know of the sci-fi future but I
would also mention that that it's not
just the military these same assets are
something that we all are civilians
really rely on so GPS is the obvious one
that's used for military purposes but we
all rely on it for our you know map
services and future automated vehicles
but the timing component of it is also
really interesting space assets
synchronized time so that we are all
exactly on the same clock and that
doesn't just matter that you and I are
like meeting up at our you know meeting
spot at the same time it matters because
cell phone towers for example doing the
kind of transition between different
cell phone towers as we move around
depends on this precise timing some day
the electrical grid might rely on this
very precise timing to manage the power
flows of electricity so the civilian
reliance is really big and and given the
vulnerabilities something that's pretty
concerning so it seems like just based
on what you've told me so far you know
there is a lot to talk about important
things to invest in it seems like the
idea isn't on its face silly but we also
have a bit of a checkered history of
investing in space-based technology
right and I'm thinking about I'm not
thinking about NASA which did incredible
things land on the moon spun out all
this technology that we all use today
but Reagan had his so-called Star Wars
program which I think blew through 30
billion dollars in ten years before
being effectively abandoned should that
should that worry yes that history yeah
definitely I mean this is one of my
concerns with the proposal is the the
bureaucracy and the resources and the
potential not just for waste but for
energy and attention to be spent on an
organizational move that will take a lot
of energy but won't necessarily fix the
things that needs to be fixed in in
space right I mean the space force may
ultimately be a bad idea but it's not a
crazy idea the idea it's been raised
many times over the years Congress has
been asking DoD to do better
organizationally in space for several
years and you know have been pretty
dissatisfied with the trajectory of that
so and there there are good arguments
for and against all these things it's
not just a totally crazy idea so let's
talk about the process you mentioned for
how they'll create the space force by
understanding it sounds like they start
with a space command that's overseen by
a four-star general and that has a
special acquisitions office I guess that
would sort of sounds like Special Forces
Command or like CENTCOM is that a is
that an accurate comparison yeah so
there are four major announcements that
vice president Pence made and the first
one was this space operations force so
these are like the elite war fighters
who really know space
this kind of already exists but it's not
really being dealt with in you know
really cohesive way where these forces
are being managed these are the guys
that operate satellites they track
objects in space they you know monitor
and detect those threats and I think the
good thing about this part of the
proposal is it this this cadre of more
elite operational space war fighters
will go to places like Pacific Command
which has to think about and plan for
conflict with China or European Command
which has to think about and plan for
conflict with Russia and they will
integrate and kind of
the game of space in in that that
planning in some of the other you know
the other commands the second thing that
vice president Pence announced was
creation of a space development agency
so this would to get to your acquisition
question earlier this would be the
agency that that buys things that that
that purchases the ten billion dollars
and figures out how to prioritize that
money and what is supposedly good about
this organization is that it wouldn't
have to follow the very painful
acquisition rules that are so slow and
really just pretty broken yeah within
the Department of Defense in general so
it's circumvent some of those rules and
then it would also engage better with a
private sector which is going pretty
gangbusters with new space capabilities
and things like you know satellite
swarms and and other things that the
military could could really get in on my
skepticism of of this particular part of
the plan is do you really need a whole
new agency to make the rules a little
bit easier for space I think it's it
could be an addition of bureaucracy that
you could probably find other ways
around and then the other major
announcement was the creation of Space
Command so Space Command is not a space
force a space force would be a military
department or a service and that is the
component that that trains organizes and
equips your forces the Space Command
would be an operational element that
uses those forces got it so this kind of
confuses me because there is no other
area where you have both the operational
command and a service so it's really
unclear how these things eventually turn
into
spaceforce over time and if you don't
take the right time to evolve it and
figure out what your plan is I think you
could end up with a pretty messy
situation yeah it sounds like the
near-term step they'll create a new
civilian position which is Assistant
Secretary of Defense for space who will
report up to the Secretary of Defense
but that is on the road to creating a
fully independent Secretary of space
force as a whole new branch of the Armed
Forces so I would guess it would be Air
Force Army Coast Guard Marine Corps Navy
space force right I mean that feels like
a huge bureaucratic monstrous process
that would worry me in any scenario it
is and not only would space force be you
know like like the Marine Corps so the
Marine Corps is within the Department of
Navy there have been ideas floated in
fact the House of Representatives passed
some legislation that never made it to
final but to make a space Corps within
the Air Force but the president was very
clear that in this case it is a
free-standing independent separate
branch of the military and when you I
mean just as an example of the trappings
that goes with that when you make a
command so when they make Space Command
as a combatant command that comes with a
historian write an inspector general
public affairs officers legislative
affairs officers it comes with a
security detail for the commander so
there's a lot of trappings that that
come with that if you do a service I
mean services in the Pentagon have
hallways upon hallways of offices doing
manpower logistics Intel for structure
so there's there's a huge amount of
structure that goes into any of these
organizations and even if you try to you
know go light you could go light on this
conceivably but these things really have
a way of taking on a life of their own
yeah they really do I mean you did a lot
of work on standing up side
come and write and we're writing and
thinking in work of the Pentagon was
that process messy was it worth it was
an important to mean how would you
compare the space force command to what
you guys did in terms of cyber yeah I
mean I think that the debate over what
what to do with cyber and what to do is
space has been very similar in nature
when I did and I've led the cyber
command elevation packages I mean we we
looked at that at least three times over
five years and sometimes made the
decision not to do anything and then
finally we decided to elevate so it was
a very long and considered process the
same has kind of been happening on the
space side they've been talking and
thinking about a space force or a space
command for a long time
so it's not like the idea is new but
what what really strikes me is if you
ask anybody in the Department of Defense
right now why is Cyber Command an
operational command and space is going
to be a military department like why did
you choose to take one what we call a
domain and make it one thing and another
domain and make it something else right
nobody I guarantee nobody would be able
to give you you know fully reasoned
answer to that yeah there's a lot of
things about the the DoD structure that
has never made sense to me for example
why is the second largest air force in
the world the US Navy I kind of get it
they depend ships right but like you'd
think this could be somehow made a
component of the air force is there a
reason not to make space force a
component of the air force yeah well so
the argument is that the air force just
doesn't really have it in their DNA to
do space well they are too focused on
air power they are too focused on
you know what is necessary for air and
not space and so that culturally they
can just never you know truly be a
strong advocate for space so this is
actually it's the same argument that
they used to pull the Air Force out of
its original home in the army because
the army so focused on land warfare
could never truly understand air so so
there is an argument and a feeling among
some space experts over time that the
Air Force just hasn't been able to do
what it really needs to that you need a
more focused advocate for space are
there like game-changing military
technologies being developed that aren't
necessarily space-based but that might
touch on space that were you for example
I think pence in his speech talked about
Russia and China working develop a
hypersonic low altitude missiles that go
you know something like five or more
times the speed of sound that could
strike us in hours if launched from say
China that are maneuverable there would
be able to circumvent all our missile
defense systems you know you mentioned
earlier of laser based weapons
there's always reports about ship
killing missiles are there like things
that are out there that could be
game-changing and and truly put us at a
disadvantage yeah definitely I mean I
think that that that at all that they
all fall into the bucket of kind of
asymmetric weapons I mean things that
are relatively cheap and relatively easy
to do on a on a shoestring that can
counter our advantage
cyber operations falls into this
category
as well as you know some of the other
kind of counter satellite anti-satellite
capabilities that we've talked about I
would add to your list drones and
automated capabilities that could really
could really change what secretary
mattis calls the the character of
warfare oh god its base drone he
believes that it'll never change the
nature of warfare but in terms of the
character of warfare there's there's a
real possibility that that is changing
over time and that's I think reflected
in the broader strategy where the
Department of Defense has said Russia
and China and the competitions there are
now our top priority is there a scenario
where there's some sort of space-based
technology developed that people are
thinking about when they talk about
space force say I mean I guess it could
be simple as the ability to take out all
our satellites at once that would would
create that overwhelming advantage
that's something that is that people
have identified and actually talked
about I'm not sure I I don't know as
much about the specific space
technologies because frankly a lot of
that just happens in the classified
world right right what I think would be
a game changer for us is if we find a
way to be extremely resilient to the
threats to our space capabilities and
and I think it's actually the one of the
biggest arguments not to pursue a space
force is that you shouldn't be so
focused on space as the place as a place
you should focus on the things that we
need to do in space communications and
navigations and warning and so some of
those things can't don't have to be done
in space they might be able to be done
through new kinds of terrestrial
communication systems so if you focus
too much on space you fail to identify
what some of the other technologies are
that might be land base
that can help us make sure that what we
use space for is always available to us
even if a China or Russia is attacking
them so to your question about the game
changers I think there needs to be a
more holistic look not just at the
things that are in space but making sure
that that we can still do those missions
what you just said I think echoes what
the US Secretary of Defense Jim mattis
had previously said about the space
force which is he didn't want to add a
separate service that would likely
present a narrower and even more
parochial approach to space operations
what do you make of him laying down that
marker and then seemingly flip-flopping
on it not that long after when he now
says he supports the space force is is
he doing his job and and and you know
lining up and saluting and doing what
the president says or should he be you
stick it to his guns here about you know
tens of billion dollars worth of
investment yeah I mean I I would I will
be speculating but I think that there is
a little bit of resignation I would
imagine that you know this this
directive has come very very explicitly
from the president and pence there's
probably been some work in this report
that has raised up other ideas that has
made the military a bit more comfortable
with with doing this if they can figure
out how to phase it the right way and
you know do it in ways that they're more
comfortable with but but it's it was
very notable in March and June when
Trump started talking about this and
when he directed the Pentagon to do this
process it was not whether we should do
a space force it was how we should do a
space force right and it's not clear how
he got this bug in his ear right if if
he just liked the ring of the of the
term space force or if maybe somewhere
in the press
some of doings a space strategy that
they released in in March somebody
raised this idea and and it just
captured him but but but he's made you
know no bones about it and that it
wasn't the I would imagine that it was
not the normal kind of process where
agency comes and says here are your
three or four options to achieve a
particular objective it was directed
from I to do this I think the moon
landing is the last global event that he
remembers in full and the rest is hazy
um there are a bunch of technologies
that we all enjoyed today that came out
of the space program that came out of
NASA there's satellite TV there's memory
foam pillows there's modern tires on
your car there's the foil blankets that
people use after marathons water
purification systems it goes up the list
goes on it I don't there you go dried
ice cream um is there an argument
they're trying to develop big bold new
technologies or take a big swing like
creating a space force even if it's for
