I'm Tommy Vitor I'm John love it love it
what's out uh we got one HBO show under
our belts yeah whoo well you can still
catch it online you can catch it
streaming to HBO now it would be nice if
you did tomorrow you and I are gonna
head to Austin Texas dan and John go a
little later for our show on Friday our
guest is Beto O'Rourke he is and I want
you to know that as we go to level two
of the video game of me not eating carbs
Texas barbecue the next challenge
Oh God well you look good everyone don't
forget to go to vote save America com
get everything you need for the election
on November 6 you get an interactive
voter guide fill out a copy of your
ballot you can find volunteer
opportunities we're just trying to make
it easy there's a couple cynical people
out there think this is some sort of
data capture play for us we'll burn the
data when we're done we don't have a
 just vote
maybe you'll brother Dan I'm burning the
data ok 22 days until the midterms love
it
today is Monday October 15 we're gonna
talk about Elizabeth Warren's October
Surprise federal Rourke's fundraising
nationwide Republican voter suppression
tactics Jared Kushner tactics Jared
Kushner's taxes in the murder of Saudi
journalist Jamal khashoggi whew okay
okay
section one midterm grab bag there's me
a lot of polls there should be some
horse race stories there to make you
anxious the thing you all need to know
is it's gonna be close it's gonna be
close
it's gotta work hard keep your head down
but here are some things that jumped out
at us over the weekend yes
overnight Elizabeth Warren released a
DNA test that provides quote strong
evidence you had a Native American in
her family tree dating back six to ten
generations scoreboards Donald Trump
doing another racist birther demand from
our racist president who's been
demanding to see the longest form of
birth certificate her DNA for a long
time it was a cool video I don't know
what do you think so the results suggest
that she has Native American heritage
somewhere six to ten generations back
Donald Trump has said that if she can
demonstrate that she has Native American
heritage she would donate 1 million to
charity Elizabeth Warren selected a
charity that focuses on helping Native
Americans
my advice to that charity would be do
not assume the money in the budget for
the fiscal year
that would be my one will not clear one
one thing I would say hey if it comes in
you know hope for the best plan for the
worst that's what I would say yeah for
that organization yeah I mean like the
video was well-executed like everything
she does I it was very compelling I mean
it depresses the life out of me that are
racist birther president demanded
another person like live up to a level
of truth and factual accuracy and
evidentiary presentation that he doesn't
live up to you but whatever okay yeah
you know this isn't a shouldn't focus on
this too much shouldn't give this too
much oxygen clearly this is something
that Senator Warren wanted to dispense
with before next year I who knows why
who could who could think of a reason as
to why she'd want to dispense with this
before we enter some sort of a I don't
know a race a marathon next year yeah
but you know I I can't imagine this will
solve the problem totally but look we
talked to her a few months ago and when
this controversy was first erupting or
at least erupting in a bigger way we
asked her about it she actually was
pretty frustrated by the fact that she
was being put in this position I think
she's right to have been frustrated to
put be put in this position but all in
all I'm glad she's dealing with it it
seems like it's the kind of thing that
she was gonna have to answer one way or
another so she wanted to deal with it
now now there's been some criticism I've
heard that she's doing it before the
midterms like it's a big distraction the
idea that Elizabeth Warren putting out a
video when she reveals that she has a
Native American heritage is gonna cost
us midterm persistent I've ever
heard
so this seems to be to be unrelated to
the midterms yeah I mean I think the
birther thing followed Obama around
forever because it was fundamentally
racist and people wanted to have a
racist attack on him I think this is
different but I don't think Trump will
let it go anyway let's talk about bet
O'Rourke yeah bet O'Rourke's campaign
announced that he raised an astonishing
38 million dollars in the last three
months that brings his total to nearly
62 million dollars the biggest quarter
ever for a Senate candidate this
immediately led to criticism from
Democrats want that money to spread the
wealth around like Joe the Plumber the
latest iteration of that narrative was a
New York Times story with the headline
better or or swore chess bothers some
Democrats of these struggles can Ted
Cruz
love it does Beddoes warchest
bother you it doesn't it doesn't bother
me you know it feels like it's the wrong
so there's sort of two things that are
getting combined one is it's absolutely
true that if better work were to win a
Senate seat it is worth the exact same
number of votes for Majority Leader as
Phil Breslin as Claire McCaskill as
Heidi Heitkamp as bill Nelson as Jackie
Rosen as Kyrsten Sinema that's
absolutely true and we need all of those
candidates to do well we need all of
those candidates have the resources they
need to compete it would be a shame to
wake up on Election Day having the day
after election day and having discovered
that if we just put a few more resources
into a race we could have won the Senate
that that's obviously true but it's
actually a separate point than what
better work is doing because better work
has not taken a single dollar away from
another Senate candidate yeah I think
well well said I mean this criticism I
think tells you a lot about traditional
fundraising for many candidates there's
like a finite number of bundlers and
lobbyists and PACs that they go to and
that is a zero-sum game beto got
contributions from 800,000 donors more
than half of the third-quarter money was
from people in Texas and so like the
average small dollar donor in Houston
isn't sitting around thinking like I got
a hundred bucks so I give the beto or
split it with Heitkamp and Manchin like
that's a very DC way to think about it
some people pointed out that in 2008
Mark Warner transferred a bunch of money
the DSCC but like he was winning that
was down by as much as eight points so
and and also by the way you know Beto is
doing more than just campaigning for
himself when you have a war chest like
that and you can use it to get out the
vote organize put up ads you help build
a growing Democratic coalition in Texas
Texas is getting closer and closer to
being a state we can win more frequently
this has been something we've been
talking about I remember when George W
Bush was the candidate for re-election
the conversation was this may be one of
the last times Texas is not in
contention it hasn't been true yet it's
taking longer than anybody wanted but
Texas was closer than Iowa we still in
our minds think of Iowa as a swing state
so so I think I'd say that as well also
but by the way like it's true you know
Democrats are driven by sort of heart
in a way that I think Republicans aren't
as much and that is a problem right it
is a problem we don't pay enough
attention to down ballot races that
don't inspire us we don't pay attention
enough to Secretary of State's races and
judges races and District Attorney races
we do treat politics as something that's
about inspiration rather than you know
practical purse pretty sure exactly
absolutely sure and that that's
something that we should think about
more but but using beto and sort of
saying that Beddoes warchest should
trouble you is actually not the right
conclusion the question we should ask is
what can we do to have other Democrats
excite people in the same way take the
positions that get more fundraising in
and that's it yeah if you're listening
to the show right now and you're
thinking I want Democrats to take back
the Senate then you should give money to
Claire McCaskill Bill Nelson Heidi
Heitkamp Joe Donnelly John tester
darling or challengers like Kyrsten
Sinema and Jackie Rosen we have to win
those races if you gave Tibet oh because
you were inspired by bet oh that's great
there's no negative there like the idea
that he has an obligation to pull a
bait-and-switch on his own donors and
start giving money away before the
election is like bonkers
that said I don't know how you spend 38
million dollars in a month but we're
gonna find out yeah it's just not a
zero-sum game that's all it's silly not
a zero-sum game and you know what like
look we talked about all this time right
that that like there's this
contradiction right which is we need Joe
Manchin to win but we wanted to pay him
a price for voting for Cavanaugh we want
President to win but it pisses us the
pisses us off that he gets behind
Cavanaugh for no reason and
actually loses some some volunteers
because of it well there's actually that
that's the kind of negative one right
the one where you're like oh man you
know we need him to win but it sucks
that they took that position but there's
actually a positive example right we
want people like Beto to be rewarded for
being the kind of candidates we believe
in yeah and that sends a message about
what kind of candidates we want in the
future so I think this kind of hand
wringing is silly I think it was a
narrative in search of examples yes and
that's it run better run okay that story
was annoying
this one is downright frightening even
though Trump had to solve his
voter fraud panel efforts to prevent
people from voting are so happening at
the state level and a bunch of states in
the name of voter role maintenance
Georgia has cancelled over 1.4
voter registration system an in charge
of purging the voter rolls is Secretary
of State Brian Kemp who is now running
for governor
more recently Kemp's office put 53,000
registration applications on hold 70% of
those applications are african-american
so is Kemp's opponent Stacey Abrams what
a coincidence
love it like this is so brazen it is so
obvious it's clearly voter suppression
it's happening in plain sight what do we
do about it
yeah so another number was that six
hundred and seventy thousand had been
thrown off in 2017 alone and you know
look you turned on a football game you
know football the sport that I can talk
to you about I mean it'd be quite a
thing if at some point during the game
the the quarterback just one in the
middle field start started throwing out
flags you know on the other team yeah
yeah yeah keeping out being the ref your
UMP write anything that's inappropriate
you'd be like wait a second you can't
call balls and strikes on the football
field home run man well you're on the
game you're in it you're the QB you're
the halfback the fullback we can't have
a fullback moving the chains and if I
was really moved away from is that right
but yeah yeah absolutely that's what's
going on here
the other thing is you know Michelle
Goldberg wrote a really great piece
about this in New York Times that I
would recommend everyone read it
actually is a really great rundown of
this issue and where it stands one thing
I would hope is that Chief Justice John
Roberts gets a newspaper and reads it
because the Voting Rights Act look the
United States was not truly a literal
democracy until we changed our voting
rights laws and we made sure that a
history of segregation votes oppression
and racial terrorism in the south didn't
prevent millions of African Americans
from casting about it
third the success of the Voting Rights
Act was used to undermine the Voting
Rights Act in the second John Roberts
and that court allowed the Voting Rights
Act and its key provisions that means
states with a history of racial voter
suppression have to have their voting
laws reviewed by the Justice Department
before they're approved the second that
was removed these states went
hog wild that's what's going on right
now that's going on across the south and
across the country and you know one
thing we need to do is again as we were
talking about earlier you hear pundits
shaking she's furious
she's wearing bowties she looks really
cute she is she looks like Paula
Poundstone the we need we need to win
Secretary of State's races we need to
win local races we need to win judges
races and we need to make sure we win
down ballot so that we can fight this in
the future but it's honest and we need
to have see how these cases play out but
it's a really tough issue and the bottom
line is if Stacey Abrams loses by a tiny
bit in this governor's race it will be
an illegitimate elation I mean this is
racist in Florida african-americans are
more likely to other about their
vote-by-mail ballot rejected in Texas
the Secretary of State is trying to
invalidate voter registration
applications submitted through vote org
this is happening all the time like you
said in 2013 Roberts gutted the Voting
Rights Act and he made it harder for the
federal government to do anything so we
got to win the governor's office and
legislators and Secretary of State's
because as much as people criticize
Hillary for not going to Wisconsin it is
probably more significant that nearly
17,000 registered Wisconsin voters were
prevented from voting by the state's
voter ID law and Trump won the state by
twenty two thousand seven hundred and
forty eight votes look at what's
happening at North Dakota address Heidi
Heitkamp needs Native American votes to
win they have just changed the law to
make it so that if you are if you're if
you're registered a Tapio box that Nolan
our accounts well guess guess who tends
to be registered appeal boxes player box
is more than the rest of the state
Native Americans because a variety of
reasons and so we are seeing this it's
incredibly dangerous it is
anti-democratic and that's it yeah over
the weekend the New York Times reported
that Jared Kushner appears to have paid
basically zero federal income tax from
onine to 2016 basically he was able to
claim that buildings he owns were
depreciating in value and used those
losses on paper to offset any money he
actually made because you know real
estate in New York it's always going
down in price love it how do we buy a
building and get in on this action well
first you have to buy a building on
Fifth Avenue at the height of the boom
and then go so far in debt that you are
really a supplicant to foreign
governments down writing this yeah this
is good I mean I would that sounded like
TV button managing the yeah look this is
and one other thing I'd say is to the
the corporate tax bill that they just
passed makes
even easier for people like Jared
Kushner to claim that their losses
outweigh their need to pay federal
income taxes you know Donald Trump has
probably has claimed the same we know
that from his 1995 tax return that he
claimed almost a billion dollars in
losses which meant that he probably
didn't pay taxes for the next decade
at well even as he's accruing massive
wealth this is one of the great issues
of our time you know I've said this
before but inequality is not some
mysterious force you know we see a lot
of like harrumphing and conferences
about the future of work and
globalization and technology and all the
rest that is not because of economic
inequality in America the cause of
economic inequality is corporate
concentration and government policy and
this is yet another example of that yeah
I mean all rich people like Donald Trump
and the Koch brothers and many others
they use like populist rage to get
economic policies that benefit them
Dysport Lee like when you hear Donald
Trump complain about his taxes just
remember that his dad was able to give
him over four hundred million dollars
Jared pays no income taxes like these
wealthy people use these loopholes to
avoid paying taxes Warren Buffett is
honest about it he says he pays a lower
effective rate than his secretary Gary
Cohn was quoted as saying that only
morons pay the estate tax so when they
say this is about helping farmers
they're lying it's rigged
it's this is why Democrats need
to be in control so we can actually
change the tax code to get Jared to pay
something and help you know working
people it really is you know it really
really are you know we need there really
are two systems here and I think one
thing people don't understand about what
these sort of high-powered lawyers and
tax accountants do is you know for a
person who's just has a job and goes to
their accountant or does their taxes
themselves it's all pretty simple you
know what you're supposed to declare or
not it's it's not it's not as simple as
you want to be it can be complicated and
really confusing but ultimately
you're like you know what you made you
know what you're supposed to declare you
know what you're you know what would be
kind of skirting the rules a bit but you
do your best to pay your taxes and what
you owe for people that have these
incredibly complicated wealthy high-end
lawyers that are kind of looking at
investments and losses and and write
offs and all the rest their lawyers
don't actually tell them here's what's
legal and here's what's illegal they
basically say here's what's really
conservative here's what
think you can get away with here's
what's pushing it here's what's really
 pushing it it's a shot and
you're got this guy in jail and you bit
and basically you know these they sit
around the table and they decide what
they don't decide what do they oh they
decide what can we get away with that is
what our tax code is written to do and
one other piece of this is over and over
again we have seen through budgets
through policy decisions the Republican
Party has tried to undermine the IRS
ability to investigate tax fraud amongst
the wealthy because it the the audits
are much more likely to come for people
who make less sue me because they're
more people but also because it's just a
lot harder to go into Donald
Trump's books and figure out what the
 is going on but I'd say one thing
Democrats should be talking about when
they see this is we need to make sure
that we have federal investigators with
the ability to go after tax krod to go
after tax fraud at the highest levels
these people are getting away with
stealing from you Donald Trump has done
it his father has done it Jared Kushner
has done it countless people in finance
are doing it every single day when they
don't have the scrutiny of national
politics on them and it's a huge problem
that the donor class doesn't want to
