welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
Shana Tova I'm gon love it I'm Tommy
Vitor later in today's pod you'll hear
Tommy's interview with musician Jason
Isbell yeah me tell us about that how
did that come about well it was my
birthday he was playing at the Greek no
I'm just kidding
he's a really awesome artist who is from
Muscle Shoals Alabama like lives in
Nashville sort of in the country scene
but has these super progressive views on
politics he was attacked recently by the
NR SC because he did a event for Phil
Bredesen and it just has like really
interesting thoughts on Trump
administration the state of politics and
you know the world as it is so great we
had a great conversation well really
cool eyes at the Greek Theatre pine
stage we were there too later for the
concert yeah that was birthday thanks
for coming we were thanks for having us
okay we're also going to talk today
about Barack Obama's return to politics
the next phase in the fight to keep
Brett Kavanaugh off the Supreme Court
and the race for control of the Senate
some encouraging signs for Democrats
hopefully but who knows okay how was
love relieved it we had a great love it
or leave it didn't it one of my favorite
episodes one of my favorite panels Kara
Brown Josh barro emily yoshida it was
such a great show were you know we're
heading towards election and come for
the politics stay for the discussion
about dipping your chicken fingers and
Diet Coke yeah yeah you know what I mmm
you'll be surprised tough shots at wine
pairing so it's also happen to be the
the gift yeah John and Emily and Hanna
and I gave you for everything
I enjoyed the wine with the food
tremendously I just never understand
we're like this goes with a Barolo
that's why we also sent you a diet coke
which I loved
what's going on with PUD save the world
this week I have you guys heard of Ben
Rhodes
I heard he just moved to Los Angeles oh
he's gonna be in studio tomorrow we're
gonna go through all the things that are
happening the news on foreign policy
apparently we're planning coos with
Venezuela all kinds of bad stuffs going
down in Afghanistan it will be a grab
bag of things that are in the news I'm
just glad that we've moved the deep
skate deep Stata headquarters to LA West
Coast echo chamber yes bob has a tan new
way no he's
he's he's the echo-chamber fighting the
blob yeah right
right yeah season two switch sides a new
wilderness episode dropped Monday it's
called the bench it's about how
Democrats can retreat mm-hmm it's about
how Democrats can recruit and run a new
generation of winning candidates you'll
also get to hear from three recently
elected Democrats who are part of that
new generation Danica Rohm and Jennifer
Carroll Foy who won their races for the
Virginia House of Delegates in 2017 and
Seth Moulton an Iraq war veteran who
came home and ran for Congress in
Massachusetts also friend of the pod so
check it out all right let's get to the
news guys Barack Obama is back
our old boss delivered a major speech on
Friday in Illinois and hit the campaign
trail here in California over the
weekend we hated it
spoiler we'll get right to the point we
hated it in both appearances he finally
broke his silence about his successor
saying that Donald Trump is a symptom
not the cause of our current political
crisis which he blamed on a Republican
Party that has trafficked in division
resentment and paranoia doesn't sound
like the Republicans we know he also
made clear that the biggest threat to
our democracy is indifference and
delivered an impassioned plea for
everyone to vote especially all you
young people let's start with the
message of the speech particularly his
critique of Trump and the Republicans
Tommy what did you think about his
analysis of our current situation and
were you surprised that he didn't pull
any punches um yeah it was a strong
speech it was a full-throated indictment
of trumps in his worst actions they
didn't pull punches on say
Charlottesville and his response said
Nazis parading through the streets I
mean he hit him on all the the things
that we all wanted to hear Barack Obama
criticized him on I think that there's
value in that message I think there's
there's some like nice level setting to
hear from him how far we've drifted and
also to see what a normal president
looks like so I imagine this will
inspire and motivate Democrats and
volunteers on the trail it also reminded
me though how hard it is to
counter-program Trump because it was an
hour-long speech with a lot of nuance
and context which yeah I mean he told
the whole story and it's hard to do
that and then be intellectually honest
when Trump just gonna go out there and
say you know the economy's actually
perfect and North Korea is fixed and I'm
gonna protect you from crime and only I
can save everything and there we go so
you know I think ultimately you're
speaking at two totally different
audiences but I think having him out on
the trail will fire people up and get
Democrats to the polls or at least
volunteer and do more yeah love it
Obama said of Republican politics it's
not conservative it sure isn't normal
it's radical it's a vision that says the
protection of our power and those who
back us is all that matters even when it
hurts the country what did you think of
that critique I for the most part so I
really like the speech I really liked it
in part because one thing he does in
this speech which is identify himself
with Democrats as opposed to against
Washington which is something he did for
a very long time which was of value I
also think to tommy's point it was long
and it was hard to cover all that he
said but what I think is good about it
is it really lays out a very
sophisticated I think ultimately hopeful
argument while still having the critique
of Trump in there it is just valuable
for Democrats who will be campaigning to
have this as an example of how to sound
because you know he brock obama
continues to be the most popular and
unifying leader of the democratic party
my problem is with saying this is not
conservative I think there's two ways to
go at that there's one is it true and is
it valuable is it true no it is not true
it is conservative I think one of the
fantasies we have to dispel is the idea
that there is some nascent form of
conservatism that's just about to be in
charge right we're just waiting for the
four the three reasonable sounding
op-eds and natural National Review to
come become sentient when to run for
Congress John Huntsman moves back to the
United States yeah I see I see I sort of
saw it as small see conservative from a
long time ago you know like I think he
and he always used to do this during his
presidency too like you talk about
conservative conservative is caring
about the rule of law it's caring about
our institutions you know it's all this
kind of stuff
and I think he would probably say that
the Republican Party hasn't been small
keet small see traditionally
conservative in quite a long time of
course or or ever right well at least at
least a modder in the modern era so that
gets to the next point is it a valuable
thing to say I think that's debatable
one of things I was thinking about while
watching him say that is well who is
that for and I do think there is value
to having it be part of what we say to
people who might be independents might
not be voters to say wait a second this
isn't about Democrat a Republican what's
going on is crazy even if you consider
yourself conservative even if you don't
consider yourself a Democrat you should
come along with us I think there's real
value in that but there is a it's a
short-term proposition when what we also
need to do is make sure people
understand that what's happened to
conservatism has its roots in
conservatism and we need to stamp that
out and we need to say this is what
republicanism has become this is what
conservatism has become I think I think
in large part this is semantics because
ultimately I agree that that's the
larger case yeah I was I was impressed
and relieved that he sort of laid the
blame for trumpism at the feet of the
Republican Party because I was like
we've had we had this debate around John
McCain's funeral right and it's sort of
been a debate about Trump that stretched
back to 2016 because at times it seemed
like in 2016 the Clinton campaign and
Obama we're saying that Trump is some
sort of aberration from the Republican
Party because they were trying to get
Republicans to vote for Hillary Clinton
right and it's this idea that like this
isn't the Republican Party we know you
know Donald Trump is different and
clearly it is the Republican Party and
we saw right like Donald Trump is here
because the Republican Party became sort
of rotten to its core which is something
that probably started way back in you
know when Gingrich took over Congress in
the early 90s maybe even as far back as
the 80s right but we really and then
eaten Barack Obama's presidency we saw
this all the time so the fact that he at
least went right at the Republican Party
as the problem was I thought good yeah I
agree with that too I think it gets that
yes and I think a lot of this is about
how honest should you be to make the
best
case so one thing he says throughout the
speech is common ground exists it's
actually a really lovely part of the
speech where he says you common ground
exists between people I know that there
are Republicans in the world who can
care about this I know that there's
compassion that there are places where
we can find common ground even if it
doesn't seem like it and that is true
but of course the logical conclusion is
there is common ground in the country
but not in Washington why not well
because of a massive propaganda effort a
sense that these people are above
democratic reproach because of
gerrymandering and vote suppression and
the power of the Koch brothers Network
and if you really do believe in a
country that that where people can find
common ground together there's only one
thing we can do which is stamp out this
form of republicanism defeat it
completely and govern without them until
they learn that there's a price to be
paid for the kind of politics they
practice of course that's not
particularly uplifting right yeah I mean
he's all like two challenges for
President Obama he's always gonna defend
institutions and government and sort of
like try to rally people towards to
strive to create a better kind of
government that actually works and
delivers for people he's also always
gonna be intellectually honest or at
least far more so than president Trump
and say things like better is good
mm-hmm and that's not a big rallying cry
especially wouldn't compared to I alone
can fix it and like all the that
Trump says so it's a it's a it's a
tougher it's a bigger challenge for us
like we are trying to practice a better
type of politics to beat a demagogue and
a monster and that's tough anything look
we're we're talking about this it's not
really an abstract either you know
Obama's a former president but like this
is sort of the test that better o'rourke
is rejecting is betting on in Texas
right I mean he goes into all these
counties that have never seen a
candidate a lot of Republicans a lot of
independents who may be considered
themselves conservative evangelical
stuff like that and he's trying to reach
out to them not with a
middle-of-the-road centrist message but
a progressive message and seeing if that
he really can't do that I mean look the
sad fact is 87 85 percent of Republicans
support Donald Trump so in a way it is
the Republican Party this is this is
what they believe but we also know that
you know less people are Republicans now
that probably makes up 30% of the
country and so there's a lot of people
who have left
Republican Party you consider themselves
independents and a small tiny percentage
of the Republican Party who is not you
know doesn't favor Donald Trump you know
that we could possibly reach in Senate
look it is a it is a fundamental problem
it's a problem we've been grappling with
as Democrats it's a problem it's a it's
a basic almost mathematical problem what
do you do when one side totally abhors
compromise and believes in power at all
costs because you can do you play the
same game that they play or do you find
a way to uphold your values while still
finding a way to win I think it's really
hard I think that there is a
contradiction inside of it which is in
order to prove to these people that
their score sure to earth tactus are
fruitless ultimately we need to we need
to stop treating them like reasonable
people we can work with because they're
not we need to defeat them and obviously
that's a tough thing to discuss there's
nuance required there I thought he did
one of I think he did the best job he's
ever done as a candidate as president as
an ex-president in describing the
current menace of what's going on inside
the Republican Party and I think that is
very good yeah let's talk about the
reaction from Trump and other
Republicans Trump said last week that he
fell asleep during Obama's speech but he
has spent the past several days showing
that he was particularly sensitive to
Obama's assertion that Trump doesn't
deserve credit for the current economy
he was whining about this all weekend
long can you just before I I do want to
quote him because it's so stupid he goes
it was very good for sleeping which is
just literally the the insult the common
triumph formulation it's that structure
he might as well have said for me to
poop on it but it is so funny because
like he could have he could have stayed
with that as his line right like it was
boring I didn't pay attention I fell
asleep but then he just you know for
four days after I mean right before we
started recording he just put on another
video of Obama talking about the economy
and he's tweeting about it his tweet
Monday is the economy is so good perhaps
the best in our country's history
remember it's the economy stupid that
the Democrats are flailing and lying
like crazy phony books articles and TV
hits like no other
all has had to endure and they are
losing big very dishonest people tell me
what's the truth about who's responsible
for the current economic recovery I mean
just a broader point first what are the
things this White House is really good
at is keeping shitty stories about them
by constantly referencing them so I'm so
glad Oh bah McKay Matt him on this music
clearly you bothered him and this this
lie shouldn't go unchallenged so a
couple of facts in the nineteen months
since Trump's inauguration the economy
has created 3.5 eight million new jobs
that is less than the three point nine
six million created in the last 19
months of Obama's presidency so they're
imperfect comparisons because Trump
hasn't been there for eight years but
you know they're the we've hit 4.2
percent in the second quarter of I think
economic growth the unemployment is way
down but it's been on trajectory to go
down since you know the Recovery Act one
place so like this has been a long long
run of really great economic news they'd
like to point to the big corporate tax
cut for billionaires and say that that
somehow is the reason for all of this it
doesn't seem like there's much if any
evidence that that's the case they also
like to point to like these like soft
feelings like Larry Kudlow said Trump
has ended the war on business and he's
ended the war on success like that's the
kind of they have to default to
because the numbers literally don't back
him up to the point where his top
economists today was asked to explain
something Trump had tweeted and was like
well that's just factually inaccurate I
can't defend it yeah I also think this
idea that you know everyone air ative
out there is Donald Trump is
unbelievable unpopular like most you
know unpopular president in decades and
if only he wasn't so crazy and you know
he was more on message and he talked
about the economy more he'd be in better
shape because you know you point to some
polls saying that people think he's
better on the economy than a lot of
other issues but I also think look when
Barack Obama was leaving office and we
had all that job growth and we had all
that economic growth all the pundits in
the all in the narrative in Washington
was you know Barack Obama's saying that
the economy is great but really people
aren't feeling the recovery yeah well
right now we have wages are barely
growing
and costs are growing faster than wages
43% of all households don't earn enough
to afford a monthly budget that includes
housing food childcare healthcare
transportation in a cellphone
there isn't a county in America where
someone earning minimum wage can afford
the rent for a two-bedroom apartment
like I don't think that Donald Trump
running around saying how wonderful the
economy is that it is the best in the
history of the country is necessarily
the best message yeah it doesn't I don't
I think you're right it's uh I just want
that I don't want Democrats to be scared
away by that you know no I think it is
certainly true that if the economy
economy and Donald Trump were were more
disciplined he would be more popular but
there's also something inherently I
don't know this I mean revealing about
the way he brags about the economy in
the same way that he sends out Mike
Pence to say that Donald Trump is one of
the greatest presidents in history it's
it's interesting just how much the
subtext is always see see it's fine that
I'm president right it's fine if it was
so bad that I'm president if I couldn't
do the job how could the economy be
doing okay or if I'm not sure they don't
they don't need to just say he's doing a
good job they need to say he's doing as
as well as an American president can do
because they know fundamentally not
legally not based on the Russia scandal
but fundamentally as a man he's
illegitimate as a human being he's
illegitimate in the job so all of this
is kind of wrapped up in that you know
we talk about it it's always it's always
true presidents are not as responsible
for the economy as we want as we say
Bill Clinton takes credit for tens of
millions of jobs Barack Obama took a
took took hits for the fact that the
recovery was slow from the worst
financial crisis ever Donald Trump is
going around bragging I mean it's pretty
impressive to create 94 months of job
growth in 18 months pretty amazing so
it's all I think that I mean
right if you if you look at the reality
of the policies he's put in place like
he's made it so fewer people have health
care and he's passed a tax cut that is
overwhelmingly weighted towards the
wealthy now to your point earlier about
the messaging
I don't know if it is the wrong message
because like when we were with Obama
everyone was like oh who the polling
