she is an investigative journalist who
covers civil rights and racial injustice
for the New York Times magazine
she's a 2017 MacArthur Fellow which
means we just have met two geniuses
whose reporting has also won a Peabody
Award the George Polk award and the
National Magazine Award she's a total
badass
please welcome to call Hannah Jones I
[Applause]
[Music]
just want you all to understand the
level of genius that has been brought to
you tonight I hope you're I hope you're
getting it and fabulous hair let's be
clear we're excited to talk to you a
little bit about your work before we
dive into some of your reporting I would
love to talk to you about an
organization that you founded called the
I to be wells society and if you all
don't know who I to be wells is perhaps
you can talk a little bit about the
legend and Trailblazer that she was but
you founded it in order to increase the
number of people of color doing
investigative journalism which is
obviously critically important but
what's your vision in in 20 years in 30
years what do you want to be different
about the news because there are more
folks of color doing that kind of
reporting absolutely so if you don't
know who I to be wells was she was the
most badass reporter of the 19th century
she was a woman who was born into
slavery who went on to investigate the
true causes of lynchings of black
Americans
she had her newspaper burned down in
Memphis she was run out of Memphis she
went on to helped co-found the
n-double-a-cp she was a suffragist when
white suffragists try to segregate
suffrages marches she elbowed her way to
the front of the line because she
refused to be segregated
yeah I could I could go on and on she
hated me right I won't be held back from
the crudit√© I will have equal access to
the crew to tax exactly she fought for
that too
[Laughter]
but she off you know until recently most
people had never heard of her she was as
many black women cast to the shadows of
history and her true role and
investigative reporting was denied so in
2016 myself and three other black
investigative journalists found at the
IDB wealth Society for investigative
reporting because we were tired of being
the only black investigative journalists
that we saw and that matters because I
think it's clear in Trump's America that
investigative reporting is the most
critical reporting that happens in a
democracy it's the reporting that holds
power to account that uncovers the way
that power is wielded against vulnerable
people and to in this country are more
vulnerable than people of color but the
people who are often doing this work
don't come from those communities don't
have the same access to those
communities and so we decided that we
were going to change that that we were
tired of the excuses which we have all
heard in any organization that is claims
that wants diversity is we really want
to but we just can't find anyone that's
 and so we decided we're going
to train and mentor journalists of color
to become investigative reporters so
that when we here in three years five
years ten years that we can't find
anyone we can give you a long list of
people because we have trained them
ourselves
and a lot of the reporting that you have
been doing as of late has been focused
on school segregation and you recently
talked about the journey of finding a
school for your own daughter I'll never
forget my mother went to private schools
in st. Louis where I grew up decided to
send myself and my brother to private
schools when I asked her a couple months
ago if she had it to do all over again
if she would have made that choice she
said I probably would have homeschooled
you just because of all of the different
challenges that young people of color
endure in school settings and so as you
were going through this journey yourself
you talked a little bit about where you
and your husband landed on where she
would go and how challenging was that
journey for you sure so this is the part
where like all the white people in the
audience who have been on the right side
of this I'm about to show you how you're
on the wrong side of this issue right so
right so everyone in here I imagine
things to themselves is very progressive
yet we live in the third most segregated
city in the country and we have the most
segregated large public school system in
the country which means when it comes
down to actually living the values that
you espouse in a very intimate way which
is where do you live and where do you
send your children to school most of the
people I would say in this audience and
in the city don't live their values so
that's just the truth of the work that I
do
don't Cheers send your kids to school
black kids so I've written about school
segregation in my entire career and most
of the time that I wrote about it I
didn't have a child and as we all know
it's very easy to have values and to say
what you believe in when you don't
actually have a child that you have to
enroll in schools we moved to New York
again one of the most segregated school
districts and suddenly we're confronted
with the question of where were we going
to send our own child to school were we
going to send her to a school that
looked like the neighborhood we lived in
we live in their first iverson of course
a high poverty black neighborhood that's
right Brooklyn is the only borough
[Laughter]
and we had to decide if we were gonna do
what most middle-class parents do which
is use their advantage to get their kids
away from poor black kids and we decided
we weren't going to do that with our
daughter so the piece that I wrote in
2016 was about segregation in a liberal
City but also our decision to send our
child to a high poverty segregated
school because I truly don't believe
that my child deserves more than any
other child and I think until more of us
do with our actions what we say we
believe then we are either choosing to
sustain a system of vast inequality for
those children who have always been
disadvantaged or we can choose to do
things that will break that system down
and that's what we tried to do like I
want to do the right thing and I want to
help build an education system that's
fair and more equitable but I have to
choose where my kids go based on the
system as it exists right now and I want
my politics to make the world better but
I have to send us keep my kids to a
school as the world exists right now
what do you say to parents or struggling
with that difference what I say is you
cannot say that you want equality yet
seek to advantage your own child in
every way those two things are actually
in direct conflict and I'm not
pretending that it's easy if you read
the piece that I wrote in 2016 I talked
about my husband and I argued about this
we had a lot of fears the same fear that
every parent has you feel guilt right
you're you as a parent feel like I have
to try to do everything to give my child
the best of everything but if we do that
then we have to understand that the
system we have now will always exist and
that what we are saying is that for
those of us whose children already have
every advantage the most important thing
is keeping all of that advantage and
denying even a semblance of that
advantage to those kids who have been
disadvantaged generationally I
understand that most people are still
going to make that choice to advantage
their child I see my work is saying I'm
going to at least force us to confront
the hip
ah cracy of that to hold up the mirror
and acknowledge we actually don't want
equality so it's not easy yeah I know
right now there are people who are like
wait our daughter gets to middle school
then she's not gonna live her values
like people who are hoping that I will
fail to live my values I think about my
daughter and if there someday she will
ask me like mom what the were you
doing like what but the truth is these
are children and children who score
lower on test scores aren't scoring
lower because they don't care or because
they're dumb it's because they clearly
don't get the same education of those of
us who have privilege can ensure that
our children get and we need to share
that advantage because the difference is
the difference is do I give up a little
bit of advantage that I can make up for
I can give my child tutoring I can take
her to every museum I can give her
everything I can make up that advantage
before the poor black or brown child the
public school might be the only shot
that they have of a decent life and we
who have purpose want to take that too
and I think that's unfair we're in a
capitalist country if you want to buy
the best education you can with your
with your money feel free but these are
tax funded public schools and just
because you're rich you shouldn't get
exclusive access to the best schools
we've seen in just the past couple weeks
protests emerging across the country
against underfunded public schools from
Oklahoma to Kentucky to West Virginia
and these are protests about not about
inequities within the public schools but
about the lack of funding the lack of
teacher salaries pension issues writ
large across the school systems and
these are teachers protesting for every
school every student at the same time
you're talking about about inequities
within the public school system how do
you strike that balance because it seems
like one of the ways in which you can
get parents to care more about
inequities at the system or at least
take them on is by making every school
better right I mean how what is the
balance between making the whole system
better while solving inequality within
the system so one I think we should
understand that the struggles that we're
seeing across the country of
underfunding of public schools it's a
direct result of brown v board and the
desegregation of schools as we start to
see white Americans having to share
educational spaces you see it with draw
of support of public education that is
directly linked even in places where
there are not a lot of black kids it is
that understanding that once black
children get access to those spaces and
you can look at it in terms of public
pools public parks public hospitals
anyplace where after the civil rights
movement black people gained access you
started to see a loss of support so
these things are directly connected but
that also shows how the fates of all of
us are connected that you can't contain
that a lack of investment in schools
only the black schools that it becomes a
problem for all Americans no matter what
their colors are if we decide that
public institutions are no longer
important so I think that is the beauty
of integration is that it ties our fates
together we know that from the founding
of this country even before this country
when we decided that black people were
going to be a caste of people who didn't
have humanity who didn't have
citizenship at any time we have isolated
black people arrests away from those who
have power in this country we have
declined to give them the same resources
or access as other people when you
tie our fates together that means you
can't deprive a black child of a
textbook a teacher a teacher like I'm in
schools where there's no teacher in the
classroom if your little child is in
that class with it with that black child
- you will best be sure that if a white
child is in that class with that black
child that black child is gonna get with
that white child always gets so it's not
to say that there aren't struggling
schools that are white because there
clearly are but what it is to say is if
there's a black school nearby that black
school will always have less and that's
why we have to tie our fates together if
we ought to be a truly a multiracial
democracy and you know the odds are not
a white folks favor anymore numerically
who's gonna pay your Social Security
who's gonna pay for all of the things
that we need if we are depriving now 50
percent of the children born our people
of color of a proper education so as
Malcolm X would say one day our chickens
are going to come home to roost if we
continue to pretend that black and brown
children are not as worthy of the same
education that white people demand for
their children got the wrong person you
know you are we are indebted to you for
holding up the mirror to us even if we
don't want to look and see what's in it
and yet holding up the mirror hopefully
at least gives us some vision into what
can work even if it isn't working and so
I would just love to know from you as we
close out what good things are you
hopeful about and especially if there's
a good thing that you are certain about
we'd love to hear that any TV shows you
like so in general I leave hope to other
people because I'm always looking at you
know the long arc of history which I say
is actually a circle that keeps turning
back on itself is long and it bends back
to the beginning
exactly
hard to argue the one thing though that
I will say is when I first did my first
year-long investigation in school
segregation which is about four years
ago I set up a Google Alert on school
segregation in every search term having
to do with school segregation and I
could go a couple months without a
single article coming up we weren't
talking about it we figured it was a
settled issue we were done I get several
Google Alerts every day we have a new
superintendent or Chancellor in New York
City Schools who is bout it on this
issue at least appearing who's pushing
back against you know after when white
parents who have had outside control in
the school district I think all over the
country I give talks every single week
to communities who want to grapple with
this issue I don't think that we will
ever do right by black children in this
country but I think we are certainly at
a place where we cannot ignore it and
pretend that we are progressive people
well us grappling with that truth is due
in large part to you and your work so
thank you for holding up the mirror
thank you for the work you do every day
thank you for joining us upon saying
America
Nicole Hannah Jones everyone guys give
it up again for Nicole Hannah Jones
[Applause]
you
