Michael last week President Trump
decided to take away former CIA director
John Brennan security clearance he did
it by having his press secretary read a
566 word statement attacking John's
character in Trump's name mind you from
the podium at the White House briefing
so very classy in that statement he
floated that he may we take away
clearances from other critics
subsequently sent a bunch of angry
tweets and attacking John another
national security staffer so a real fun
weekend
um so Michael can we start with the
basics what if why do former officials
like John Brennan keep your clearances
people like you John Brennan keep your
clearances after leaving government
services and realistically how often do
those individuals get called on to talk
about classified matters tell me that's
a that that's a great place to start
there's a long tradition of former
senior officials keeping their
clearances when they leave government
the fundamental reason is not you know
let me emphasize not to benefit the
individual it is to benefit the
government so it allows former officials
to come in and spend time with current
officials advising them on what happened
on past issues I did that with my
predecessors getting their advice on
current issues I did that with my
predecessors and just getting their
wisdom right just sitting down and have
a cup of coffee or breakfast and talking
about things in general and I did that
with my predecessors and I've done that
at CIA the last five years and in other
parts of the government as well the
other reason you want former senior
officials to have clearances is to serve
on commissions mm-hmm both congressional
commissions and executive branch
commissions where security clearances
are a requirement so I've served on -
since leaving government I served on one
for President Obama in the aftermath of
the Snowden disclosures on on the best
ways to handle that and recommendations
to the President on policy changes and
I'm serving on one on one right now a
congressional
Commission on the defense needs of the
United States both of those required
security clearances there's a third
reason why you want former senior
officials to have these clearances and
that's because they they serve companies
in the private sector and here they do
make money that's but let's be honest
about that they do make money but these
companies are serving the US government
so these are defense contractors
intelligence contractors who are doing
work for the government and who need
people to sit on their boards of
directors and oversee classified
contracts on the behalf of their
shareholders mm-hmm it's an
extraordinarily important function for
the private sector and that's an
important piece of this too so lots of
different reasons all of them at the end
of the day to the benefit of the
government got it so just to dig in on
this a little bit I mean you mentioned
the Snowden Commission in 2013 I think
was called the President Obama's review
group on intelligence communications
technologies is that the more likely
Avenue that someone like you or John
Brennan would be called on to discuss
intelligence matters or is there a
chance there could be a specific
operational issue that was you know
conducted over a long time frame that
only a small group of people were read
into or knew about which would make you
know specific individuals knowledge even
more importantly I'm trying to like yeah
imagine a scenario where you or John
might be called back in knowing that the
politics right now probably make that
unlikely for John
so it's both so when I was deputy
director at CIA I can think of a
specific instance I can't I can't say
what it is for obvious reasons but I
could think of a specific instance with
an extraordinarily sensitive issue where
there was not a lot of written material
at the agency but where my predecessor
Steve kappes had intimate knowledge of
it on and I needed to bring Steve in and
set him down and have him tell me I'm
everything that he knew about it and
I'll tell you that my successor of real
you know well yeah um there was a
specific instance after I left and she
was the deputy where she needed to bring
me and to do exactly the same so it
really it really cuts across all sorts
of issues
I actually know people know former Obama
administration officials who have spent
a lot of time with a trump
administration I don't think either
group spends you know time publicly
talking about that but it's been a lot
of time with Trump administration
officials helping them think about
national security and I think that's
extraordinarily important
I actually no one who received an award
from the agency they were spending time
with for the for the value of what they
were providing at no cost of the
government huh
that really helps me understand this
issue better because something like the
president's intelligence advisory board
which has a broader mandates its review
policies writ large I imagine there are
a lot of people that could serve on that
board I want people like you I want
people like John with experience but
there's a lot of folks that are highly
qualified something narrow like what
you're discussing depriving yourself of
this former CIA directors insight on a
very specific closely held operation
seems to be actually extremely damaging
because as you'd know better than
anybody the in the Intel world just
because you have a clearance doesn't
mean you know something right and only a
few people get read into sensitive
matters exactly and people do ask you
know do you really need a clearance in
order to be able to do that right you
know a standing clearance isn't it
possible that Gina Haspel could call me
in to talk to me about something and
give me a one day clearance and the
answer to that question is yes but you
actually when you give these one-day
clearances to people you actually want
to have some sense that that you can
trust them and so these former senior
officials who have these clearances
actually continue to go through the
reinvestigation process and so they they
continue to be cleared over time so this
is not this is not
you know lifetime without another look
at the individual so the fact that they
have these clearances on it and and the
fact that they continue to get looked at
from a security perspective gives you
confidence if you're in these current
jobs right to be able to trust these
people the who you're having these
conversations with yeah you mentioned
this discharge that Trump keeps making
that officials are making money off of
their security clearance can you explain
that a little more I mean I've heard you
talk about on your podcast intelligence
matters how the government does not pay
you to be on these advisory boards but
you mentioned the private sector and
this oversight capacity can you explain
that a little more yes so in terms of of
the service you provide on on executive
branch or congressional Commission's
that is purely pro bono right I've been
on - I didn't receive a dime actually
there was a significant opportunity cost
because of the the amount of time that
it takes right I mean the most amount of
work absolutely and you don't get paid
for that right you do it because of your
commitment and dedication to the entry
and by the way you're not working from
home or you're at your summer house
you're like in a skiff somewhere right
in an Adz facility here yeah you're in a
skiff and your phones outside right and
you run out of once a while and check it
and yeah it's tough and then when you go
in to consult with with current
officials right when I go into the
agency and I've done that a lot in the
last five years you don't get paid for
that either
right so the only time you get paid is
when you're working for the private
sector
and and you absolutely get paid but the
important point is that the private
sector is still working on behalf of the
government in that case right so the
government is still the ultimate winner
even though you're being paid right um I
read in The New Yorker this morning that
some people in Trump's team pushed him
to strip away President Obama's
clearance but that actually HR McMaster
the former national security adviser
convinced President Trump not to how
often two former presidents get national
security briefings and why is that
custom or that courtesy extended to them
that is a great question and I read that
article too and I was absolutely shocked
that the discussion inside the White
House even happened paranoid
so former presidents and going you know
I was an agency for 33 years and going
back at least that far I know that
former presidents had a right to get an
intelligence briefing anytime that they
wanted when I was briefing President
Bush every day his father would
occasionally sit in on the briefing that
was super cool right two presidents
sitting there so so they would get a
briefing anytime they wanted it right
and that's important not for them to be
able to come in and advise the current
president right that doesn't happen very
often but former presidents do work
international continue to work
international issues they continue to
meet with foreign leaders and is
extraordinarily important right for them
to be able to be able to understand
where an issue stands for them to
continue to work on behalf of the United
States when those when they are in those
conversations so it's it's you know it's
something that's been going on for a
long time and it's extraordinarily
important and you know shocking to me
that they even discuss taking away Obama
on President Obama's clearance yeah I do
you think it speaks to how far-reaching
the paranoia became about the so-called
deep state but we can get to that um I
know from talking to you know friends of
yours colleagues of yours that you what
you think this this conversation and
what the president is doing to
politicize national security and
security clearance is causing real
long-term damage to the country can you
explain why you believe that yeah and I
think that's a great question and I
think probably Tommy we need to unpack
it a little bit please um you know if I
was briefing this in the sitting room in
the old days I would tell you there's
there's like three buckets here right
there's three there's three types of
damage you know one is to national
security I think and and that that
breaks down into a couple different
pieces one is the stripping of
clearances you know directly undermines
the ability of former officials to serve
the government directly as we've already
discussed the second is it undermines
their ability to serve it indirectly
through the private
sector as we discussed but I think the
the the threat the third piece the third
damage to national security here is that
the that the threat to strip clearances
I think can impact current national
security work and by that I mean if
there are senior officials today or even
mid-level officials who believe that
that their future opportunities outside
of government are at risk right if they
say the wrong things to the president
it could affect what they say today yeah
and they might hold back and I think
that is a particularly damaging
possibility that we need to think about
so there's there's this big bucket of
damage to national security then there's
also this bucket of damage to the
economy in terms of what we talked about
the importance to shareholders of having
somebody on a board who can make sure
that these companies are managing these
classified contracts in an important way
right that's a that's an important
economic function for our country and
the national security industry that
supports it and then perhaps the biggest
damage is the third bucket Tommy which
is which is the damage to the public
debate or the damage to the public
square if you want to call it down and
there's two pieces to that one is to the
extent that people with clearances are
intimidated from speaking out the public
losses and when when folks were signing
on this weekend to a statement in
support of John Brennan and opposed to
the president's actions here I saw a
handful of people who said you know I
would love to sign this but I can't
because I'm concerned about X Y or Z so
I saw it firsthand this weekend that
some people were holding back in terms
of what their views really were because
they were concerned about having their
security clearances stripped right that
damages the country at the end of the
day yeah and then I think even there's
broader issue than just those folks with
clearances right and this gets to the
heart of the First Amendment issue here
which is if you're an ordinary American
who's who speaks up and and you don't
have a clearance you're an ordinary
American without a clearance but you do
speak up you do speak your mind you know
on podcasts or on the you write op-eds
or whatever you know you may this may
give you pause right because you may
think alright he's taking security
clearances away today in order to try to
intimidate people into silence what will
it be tomorrow will it be IRS audits
right so it potentially has a dampening
effect on the public debate across the
board that's why the you know in a in a
public debate sense that's why this is
so critical that first scenario you
outlined really concerns me because you
know for example we have a president
that tweeted the threat from North
Korea's nuclear program is all gone
everything is rosy and he may you may
have to be an analyst someday who goes
into the ppb into the Oval Office and
says in fact sir they haven't gotten rid
of any of their nuclear weapons we just
discovered this new secret nuclear
program that they have that they hadn't
disclosed to us previously you know
things are not good I mean did was that
a big part of your job delivering a
message to a president that anchored
them or damaged them politically so a
big part of my job was telling
presidents what they didn't want to hear
right yeah wasn't very often that it
that it hurt them politically it was
often it was often information or
analysis that said to them you know sir
your policies are really not working now
you didn't pitch it that way right but
that was that was the clear message and
that's something that intelligence
officers the Director of National
Intelligence the director CIA have to do
you know on a daily weekly basis mm-hmm
it also worried me when I see him attack
current officials whether their
intelligence or law enforcement I mean
he was hammering Peter Strasser on the
FBI's counter espionage unit until he
finally was fired now one of his
favorite targets is bruise or the
current current DOJ lawyer should we be
even more worried about this
this sends two current government
officials who can't respond or defend
themselves and might you know change the
way they conduct business in real time
so the Bruce or the Bruce or issue is is
is actually potentially more damaging
than everything else we've already
talked about right because Bruce is an
active Department of Justice employee
who was during extraordinarily important
work and to take Bruce's security
clearance away because of issues
relating to do with his wife right means
that he could not do those anymore
yeah and it and it sends right and we
all know what he's working on and it
sends a really powerful signal right to
anybody who's working on those issues
gosh you better look over your back
right and you don't want your
intelligence officials or your law
enforcement officials to be thinking
about that yeah there's a New Yorker
story out this week about how John
Brennan made the decision to speak out
and it talks about general rules of the
road for political speech for former
members of the military in the
intelligence community and you had a
couple of really interesting quotes in
that piece the article makes the point
that the military specifically
discourages officers from expressing
political views after they retire and
you're quoted saying there's no similar
ethos in the intelligence community
there's no instruction book for former
professionals but you also tell new
recruits to leave their politics in the
car and then don't bring it inside the
building even how do you guys navigate
working in the government and an
environment that is so inherently
political and not let it impact your
decisions it seems almost impossible so
it's beaten to you from day one right it
is absolutely it's part of the culture
it's part of the training it's part of
the daily conversation that you do not
let your political views and you don't
let your policy views affect your work
in any way right affect how you collect
information or affect how you assess it
and that's what I used to you know when
I used to talk to young officers about
this I would say you leave those things
in your car right you don't bring those
in and you know in
in my many years in the CIA there was
there was always people who supported
the current president politically and
those who opposed the current president
politically you know these people vote
these people have views these people
have views on policy so in the run-up to
the Iraq war there were people who were
supportive of President Bush's decision
to do it there were people who were
opposed in fact there were a lot more
people who were opposed and but you
don't let any of that right affect your
work and it really is Tommy it really is
a remarkable organization in that
respect I was actually in in CIA at CIA
headquarters last Friday so this is you
know one day after the president's trip
John of his security clearance and you
know literally 12 hours after former a
group of former directors and deputy
directors including me put out a
statement criticizing the president in a
really remarkable first time that that's
ever happened in the history of former
intelligence officers um and I probably
talked to 50 people at this retirement
ceremony and nobody nobody raised either
John having his security clearances
taken away or what I had done the night
before in terms of signing on to this
statement nobody raised it so politics
is just not in the hallway there it's
just not and it's just part it just it
it it is a deep deep part of the culture
that it stays out of the building and it
stays out of a conversation that's
interesting that was true in the
Situation Room - yeah I think people
don't believe me when I say that but I
remember maybe one time politics was
raised and I think Dennis through the
person out of the exact building exactly
um along those lines about that
regarding that letter a conservative
commentator that I'll be honest I don't
usually listen to because I think he's a
little bit of a amagad ed ender said
something over the weekend that that you
