my guest today needs no introduction Ben
Rhodes who you all know as the former
deputy national security advisor for
strategic communications for Barack
Obama and now he is the author of the
book the world as it is a memoir of the
Obama White House Ben welcome back to
the show good to be with you Tommy as
always so my first impression of this
book is that it's well first it's really
good I mean I'm like you're it but it's
it's not just good cuz it's good writing
and it's not good because it's about
Obama and I like Obama it's good because
it's brutally honest you know this is
not a hey geography this is you were
honest about his faults you were honest
about your own mistakes and faults I
feel like reading this that you went
through an evolution from defending his
foreign policy to just explaining it and
it is the best explanation of the things
he did and why he did them and the
headwinds and things we faced at the
time that I've read literally anywhere
so did it take you some time in space to
get to a place where you could even
write this thing because it certainly
took me a while to realize that like I
was no longer a spokesman I didn't need
to respond to everything on Twitter and
I could actually step back and be a
little analytical yeah it's a really
good point I think there are two things
that that helped me one is like the the
the dynamic I was going for when I sat
down to write this was to try to explain
to people you know because there are a
lot of White House memoirs or
administration memoirs and not a lot of
them you know or that memorable they
tend to just kind of defend positions
that people took in meetings and that's
kind of it what I realized was a little
different about my story is it I was 29
years old when I moved out to Chicago to
work on the campaign and I was seven and
you know Matt you Tommy I was like
totally anonymous you know I was an
enormous you know unlike you know
Hillary Clinton or John Kerry or Leon
Panetta so a reader I wanted to explain
to a reader what's it like to be like a
normal guy who finds himself suddenly on
a campaign and then in the White House
and then in this deputy advisor role so
pull back the curtain on the personal
dynamic you know
what did this do to my personal life
what is it like to find yourself
suddenly in in that kind of pressure
cooker in that kind of limelight and and
that gave me an entry point I think to
speak more honestly about like my own
doubts and self doubts and flaws and
then right you open this thing like in a
long-distance relationship you hope will
last sleeping on a mattress on the floor
in Chicago yeah yes I'm married with two
kids by the end I mean like that's a
massive life change exactly and this is
all playing out you know your life as
you know doesn't stop when you go into
these jobs yeah but it looks like it
does to the outside world but you know
yeah I moved at Chicago I was you know
living with my girlfriend had to do a
long-distance relationship
see if that works is this job gonna work
out you know I didn't I could have told
you then that I'd end up being the
deputy national advisor and so that gave
me a kind of a voice and a way to talk
about things that was more personal and
less like a recounting of events but you
make a great point I mean you know the
instinct that you have is to be a
spokesperson for Obama and to defend him
and defend his legacy and it did take
you know some some doing to just kind of
get that mindset to the side because I
realized you know overall I obviously
you know would want to defend our policy
do think highly of President Obama but
you know what like that's gonna be more
credible if you're honest about what you
did wrong or what you don't know you did
right or wrong or the warts and all on
his character and my character and all
of us and and you know honesty is
ultimately more credible and I had a
weird experience when I was with you
also when we did a pod said the world
event with Samantha in LA I remember
some guy in the audience asked me like
why did we didn't why did we didn't
recognize the Armenian Genocide and I
remember saying well that was a mistake
we should have done that and it was the
first time I think I'd ever done that in
public just been like yeah it's
something we did is a total mistake and
and it was liberating to be like I don't
have to just say well we were weighing
these security concerns it's a small
thing but but it does allow for I think
a better understanding for people of
what it was what it was like to go
through this yeah and it turns every it
turns discussions about these issues
into conversations and not argue
yeah it's just such a nice place to get
to um I just want to go into one
specific criticism and then step back
more you talked about during the Arab
Spring you felt like after those initial
days of pushing the envelope on on
universal rights and human rights and
support for the protesters that the
government and Obama as well sort of
fell back into a traditional posture of
supporting the military and those in
power and when you pushed Obama on this
you said quote at times he seemed to be
hurt
using his powerful mind to find
justifications for more modest ambitions
and essentially that our response during
the Arab Spring didn't meet the
magnitude of the change that was
happening across the region do you think
that his ambitions were moderated by
cautious advisors like Bob gates or was
it political concerns or a growing
recognition of our inability maybe to
influence events or some combination of
all of that it's a fascinating question
and I think there are two issues here
there's Egypt in particular and there I
do think that the advisors and the
instincts of the US government ended up
pulling him back and I think I find a
lot wrong with what we did on Egypt you
know I supported breaking with Mubarak
not just because it was the right thing
to do but because frankly I didn't think
Mubarak was going to be able to
withstand those protests that was a
minority position and the government
certainly not the position of Bob Gates
and Hillary Clinton and and our agencies
in national security agencies and what
happened Tommy after that and you you
were there you may remember this the
government never adjusted to Obama's
position you know their default was we
work with the military we work with the
intelligence services and as soon as
Mubarak was out of power there was kind
of this rush to just embrace the
military that was in the interim role as
leading the country and a lot of
mistakes were made by the you know the
military kind of set up a dynamic in
Egypt where the Egyptian military where
it was kind of them or the Muslim
Brotherhood binary and they kind of
sidelined secular parties it might have
offered a third alternative and
ultimately the Muslim Brotherhood won
the election in part I believe because
of how the military set that dynamic up
and then ultimately the Egyptian
military had a coup
which we didn't even call a coup which I
often think was a mistake and so I feel
like we I don't know that Egypt you know
you could never go back and say
everything would have turned out
differently but I do feel like we never
saw through to a logical end point a
policy that had democracy in Egypt as as
its goal that we basically you know took
this dramatic action and breaking
Mubarak but the the government didn't
change its general orientation of being
deferential to the Egyptian military in
the aftermath of that shift
I think separately on the questions of
military intervention in Libya and then
ultimately Syria there I think Obama on
his own was very was very cautious and
frankly after he did intervene in Libya
was even more reluctant to do so in
Syria there I actually in the book I
described kind of going through this
evolution of coming to believe that he
was right and and and and looking at
these countries you know realizing our
ability to use our military to shape
events inside of Syria or Libya was
ultimately going to be very limited so
you know I think you know historians
will be debating this for four decades
but I do think you know we have to
acknowledge that we we kind of charged
up the hill at the beginning of the Arab
Spring but we we never went all in in
support of it and ultimately Obama's
more cautious instincts kind of came
together with the dysfunction in the
Middle East to lead to a much more you
know moderated deliberate type of
approach yeah I mean just just to plug
the book again for a second I mean you
it really brought me back to those 16 17
crazy days when the protests were just
rolling in Egypt I mean there was that
final phone call where Obama told
Mubarak that it was time to go and I
remember standing outside the Oval
Office I think you were in it and
hearing not just Obama shouting into the
phone but you could hear Mubarak
screaming back in English and Arabic on
speakerphone it was just they felt like
the world was moving so fast and there
absolutely nothing we could do to keep
up with it another great little anecdote
just before I move on just talking about
the you know the president can make a
decision but the government doesn't
always follow my favorite little note in
that is when you were talking about
writing a Guantanamo speech you said you
sent the intelligence community and edit
calling Gitmo illegal black hole and you
cut back a note that changed it to
detainees at Guantanamo a more legal
representation have been afforded more
process than any enemy combatant in the
history of the world
so yeah a little inertia there it is
real quick on that one I mean I was like
31 years old right right writing this
book are we yeah another campaign you
know we've been saying we're gonna close
Gitmo and it's a black hole cuz nobody
there has been prosecuted and then I get
in government I write a speech like that
and you have to clear that the
intelligence community and I get that
back and I'm like what do I do with this
you know like his white yeah exactly it
was a it was definitely a situation
where you realize that unlike a
presidential campaign the US government
it's not a deep state but it is it does
have its own antibodies yeah I'm jumping
around a bit but I want to go to that
just that the period you opened with in
the book that post-election period which
is you know publicly Obama is the guy
bucking up the whole white house he's
graciously welcoming Donald Trump to the
Oval Office he's putting on a brave face
with foreign leaders but privately he is
starting to question what happened and
whether that means his entire worldview
and approach was wrong and whether he
may be backed people into a corner and
led them to revert to tribalism Maureen
Dowd wrote a kind of shitty column
asserting that that anecdote that
chapter you wrote about means Obama
thought he was too good for us I thought
that was a miss Reid but you were there
what was he thinking what was he saying
and what were those weeks and months
like yeah you know the notion that that
that was arrogance you know that that
was a surprising take for me because
actually the opposite he was second
guessing you know himself and profound
ways and self examining and profound
ways I
what happened essentially and I tell the
story like you know at first he was
bucking us all up in the White House you
know and then
as time began to pass you know he
started to question things like we all
did like well you know was that the
Comey letter or was that the Russians
was it the Hillary campaign like well
how did this happen
but then what was really interesting as
we went on this farm trip and the
consequences abroad felt even more stark
than at home in this strange way because
at home you at least have to have in the
media that he said she said and there
both sides abroad it was uniform horror
at what had happened you know we in in
Greece and then Germany Angela Merkel
was you know we I described she had a
tear in her eye the last time she saw
Obama we get to to the summit Lima
everybody's kind of asking him well
what's gonna happen now we had this
meeting with Justin Trudeau where he
tries to kind of urge him to speak up
for for liberal values going forward and
you know I think what what he's
referring to there is not were we wrong
about the campaign or about Heil earlier
he's referring to the pace of change in
the United States and and in really the
West I'd say you know the the the
movement of people trade that that
globalization in a way had gotten out
ahead of where people were and that
people whether it's the brexit vote or
the Trump election it showed that people
were clinging to their you know more
traditional identities whether it's make
you know Russia great again or make
America great again that that
essentially his brand of inclusive
politics was not what was rejected by
voters who wanted to be tribal and and
didn't want to embrace a future that is
more inclusive and diverse and tolerant
and globalist to use a word that has
come under assault and that that's what
he was really wrestling with is like how
do we balance you know as progressives
our view that the world continues to
move in a certain direction with the
kind of reactionary forces that want to
push back against that and that the
balanced you know we had to take
seriously the fact that you know this
was a pretty dramatic correction with
brexit and Trump winning elections and
with Putin kind of asserting himself
you know should lead all of us to at
least you know question well how do we
if we're gonna promote these values
these progressive values how do we make
sure that they don't we don't do so in a
way that loses you know you're not gonna
want everybody over but you know that
loses contact with people who also don't
want to feel like their traditional
identities are under assault yeah you
got called up the Oval Office right
after Obama's meeting with with Trump
right yeah but so the read out in the
book it sounds like in person face to
face Trump was a bit of a he was
friendly he was open to preserving the
Iran deal talking about Obamacare you
know it sounded like there was not a lot
of the bravado and bless her that you
see in public was that ever since talk
and Obama yeah I know there was none of
it and you know he was kind of bemused
he didn't really know what to make of it
because Trump was very had been very
ingratiating and said nice things about
how they both drew huge crowds and you
know we can draw big crowds but Hillary
can't and you know Obama's trying to
walk him through health care and
immigration and the Iran deal and you
know Trump's not particularly engaging
on that but saying oh yeah I'll take a
look at that and so he he was kind of
struggling to know what to do with that
you know in a way it'd be easier if
Trump came in and was like let's debate
healthcare you know but that's not what
happened and and you know it I think on
the one hand sure that made the meeting
go better it also made him think well
like what what's actually gonna happen
here ya know and during that same time
period
meanwhile the US government the
intelligence community they are slowly
coming to terms with just the amount of
Russian interference and theologian and
and all the stunning linkages to the
Trump campaign you write about how
initially you weren't right into those
discussions for reasons I'll let you
explain but then when you were brought
in you guys got briefed more and more
like probably daily what was it like
slowly coming to grips and getting
presented the full picture of that
amount of interference when the rest of
the world has no idea yet yeah it was
kind of like you know having the the
first edit of the horror movie and
watching it unfold
I mean first your point
you know and I wasn't you know wasn't
sour grape so I was in the meetings the
point I was making is essentially we saw
Russia develop a certain capability to
wage information warfare in Ukraine that
after the toppling of the Yanukovych
govern Ukraine Putin kind of went all-in
obviously annexing Crimea but also in
creating these capabilities he's
thousands of bots who could spread
social media disinformation a capacity
to lie a desire to push information into
Western publics using Artie their other
platform so we kind of got or even
intercepting phone calls and I talked
about one where they intercepted phone
call of a US diplomat and released it
publicly which you know I had never been
done while I was in government that I
could remember and what happened in the
election is the the Russia question was
treated like a cyber issue
so over that summer of 2016 there were
all these secret meetings and it
reminded me tommy of like the bin Laden
meetings when you now were there where
there are these people who are really
important meeting in Situation Room and
you're not invited and you kind of know
better than to ask like hey what's that
unmarked meeting you know and they
literally turn off the cameras that let
people's assistants see who's in a
meeting if it's breaking up etc that's
exactly right they don't put the topic
of the meeting on the door and stuff
which they normally do so I figured out
over time that that might have something
to do with Russia and finally in
September Susan Rice sat me down said
hey we've had this process going with
respect to Russia and we're gonna do a
statement from the intelligence
community that is you know calling out
there interference and she kind of
caught me up to speed on it now the the
problem I think in retrospect is that
there were no communications people in
those meetings because this was viewed
as kind of a cybersecurity issue right
so let's you know who can defend the
election systems and who can figure out
what the hack was and we'll bring the
communications people in at the end
which is how sometimes people thought
about you know a lot of things but it's
not just me like you know Jen Psaki for
instance - our communications director
she had been the target of a Russian -
information campaign you know they'd
spend years just disparaging her and you
know because she would criticize them on
Ukraine and when she was a State
Department so person we had some
experience about this fake news issue
and this is a kind of information
warfare issue there wasn't really at
that table and so when the statement did
come out from the intelligence community
in October saying that Russia was
meddling election it talked about the
hacking it didn't say anything about the
fake news and so it was kind of like the
missing piece of our warning and and how
we talked about these things
now I also was sympathetic to Obama he's
like look because I went to him and I
said that to him and he said well look I
mean we can't if I tell people that this
is fake news Trump's gonna say the
elections rigged the people consuming
that news aren't gonna listen to me you
