on the line with me as ben rhoades you
guys know Ben he is the author of the
new book the world as it is which is
available to pre-order right now and is
out on June 12th and it will tell you
the story of the entire eight years of
the Obama White House including the Iran
deal which Donald Trump just exploded to
trigger and own libs like us Ben how
owned do you feel right now
I mean well the sad fact too though is
that like Trump I think has no
understanding of like what is actually
in the Iran deal and no plan for where
this is going
he's just doing this you know to own
Obama people he's just doing this
because Barack Obama negotiated this
deal and the fact that that is what is
motivating the president I had States on
the most serious issues we face it's
actually part of what is the most
angering about about this decision so
let's talk about the Iran deal was I
mean it was it was it was not just an
agreement right it was seven years of
putting pressure on Iran through
sanctions through regional diplomacy
through a variety of means to get all
our allies to work together to pressure
them to not continue to engage in these
nuclear activities not to continue
enriching uranium at a level that would
produce a nuclear weapon
who'd involve us the Europeans the UN
Security Council had to vote for these
sanctions right I mean this was like
this is a global effort yeah I mean you
know Trump today is talking about well
you know we'll just put on sanctions
again when in fact you just blew up the
International unity that we'd spent a
decade a cultivating it is necessary for
sanctions as you said Tommy to get Iran
to the negotiating table it took you
know five years of patient work with
Europe to get them to put in place an
oil embargo on Iranian oil on China
India Russia Japan South Korea all of
them to cooperate with our sanctions to
reduce their purchases running oil to
apply the pressure that brought Iran to
the table where we then spent two years
painstakingly negotiating a nuclear deal
that dramatically rolled back the
Iranian nuclear program that destroyed
the core of a reactor that could have
produced plutonium for nuclear weapon
that took out two-thirds of their
centrifuges and put them under
monitoring that got rid of 97% of their
stockpile you know that did put in place
inspections to verify that those things
were being done this took this isn't
like we've made a decision in one day
and he just got rid of it this is the
whole world all the major powers and our
closest allies working together for
seven years to achieve a deal that could
prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear
weapon and he just you know scrapped
that to have a photo-op
you know at the White House so yeah so
what happened is now been like what what
happens next it seems like the Europeans
are gonna try to encourage the Iranians
not to resume nuclear activities and and
I guess you know in exchange they'll try
to continue to encourage European
countries to keep doing business with
Iran but we want that come to a head if
the United States slaps back US
sanctions on Iran because then we'd have
to sanction European businesses that
work with them right yeah I mean there
are two fundamental problems here
one is Trump said he's going to reimpose
the sanctions that were relieved under
the deal to do that he would have to
sanction Europe or China or European or
Chinese entities in other words you know
we actually never enforced those
sanctions because we got those countries
to cooperate and work with us and so you
know he would essentially be sanctioning
some of our closest partners in the
world and potentially creating
significant economic negative
consequences from doing that they would
probably try to resist those sanctions
into the notion that you could
simultaneously have the Europeans trying
to stay in the deal but Trump
sanctioning them for anything that they
do in Iran that's not going to work and
the second point is the Iranians would
have to negotiate some better deal with
us and we just pulled out of a deal that
we negotiated that the u.s. is a party
to this is clearly going to embolden
hardliners in Iran who didn't like the
deal to begin with and it's far more
likely I think that you see Iran
beginning to walk away from the deal
then somehow them capitulating to
greater concession yeah
and I guess we should just again remind
people that there's no evidence to
suggest that Iran had come out of
compliance with the deal the IAEA
certified that they were meeting the the
rules rolled out in the in the deal
general mattis said the deal is in our
interest Mike Pompeo testified before
Congress very recently that Iran was not
cheating so there's no there's no
argument to be made that somehow Iran
forced his hand here right no they spent
and they spent two years you know you're
not searching for a rationale of Iranian
non-compliance and they didn't find it
yeah and and in part of what is so
absurd about this is not always Iran
complying with the deal this timing is
totally arbitrary right because there
was no Iranian violation Trump is just
randomly deciding to precipitate a
nuclear crisis an international crisis
rift with our allies rift with China and
Russia at the very time frankly that
he's already trying to negotiate thing
with North Korea so you know there there
is just there's no possible explanation
for him taking this action other than
some antipathy to everything that Obama
did or some desire to fulfill a campaign
promise you had our closest allies
working pleading with him not to do this
you had members of his own
administration including secretary
defense didn't want him to do this
you had the intelligence community
finding that Ryan was complying so he is
bucking did you know people in his own
administration people around the world
and then so doing creating a crisis you
know for no reason around an arbitrary
deadline the only folks that seem to
want him to do what he did today was
Netanyahu and his closest advisors I got
in some trouble last week for saying
that Netanyahu rolled out this new
intelligence that they'd found in an
effort to sort of work with the Trump
administration to create the impression
that Iran had violated the deal
zoomy to create the impression that Iran
had violated the deal
when in fact the documents didn't show
that people accused me of all kinds of
things but today but today Trump's use
again the pretend I'm sorry but today
Trump again say
Iran quote is pursuing nuclear weapons
incited Netanyahu's intelligence
presentation when in fact nothing in
that presentation showed that they were
pursuing those nuclear activities today
it showed past activities right yeah no
let's be clear that's a lie okay here's
why okay what Netanyahu put out was
stuff that Iran did many years ago when
they were pursuing a nuclear weapon that
is precisely why we put the deal in
place that the inspections and
verification regime under the Iran deal
is what prevents the scenario that
Netanyahu is pointing to in the past in
that that presentation by Netanyahu did
not amount to a violation of the deal at
all it's just the ancient history of how
we got to the deal in the first place
why Aaron's behavior is troubling in the
first place you take out inspectors you
take out monitoring suddenly once again
you don't have the ability to see what
Iran is doing you could be back in the
days of Netanyahu is pointing to when
you didn't have neuron deal so what's so
absurd about this whole set of arguments
is essentially the Iran deal solves the
problem that Netanyahu was identifying
in his presentation what they're doing
is getting rid of potentially the
constraints on Iran's program and the
inspections creating the exact scenario
that they were complaining about in that
presentation or you know that they were
saying or it's gonna happen in 10 or 15
years that that's going to happen now
yeah you know and until today you could
say okay until take you could have made
an argument that Trump was posturing in
an effort to get the Israelis to force
Iran to put in place some sort of
follow-on agreement that might have
limited their ballistic missile testing
or that somehow force them to stop
supporting bad actors in places like
Yemen or in Syria but all that leverage
is now gone unless I'm mistaken yeah
McCrone present McCrone of France
offered Trump a great lifeline he said
look I will negotiate on these other
issues that you're worried about
ballistic missiles some of the
provisions in the deal that expire in 10
years or 15 years the condition though
is keep the jcpoa the Iran deal in place
while I negotiate that because it makes
no sense to junk the deal
get rid of those constraints and go for
a different deal let's build from the
foundation of what's in the Iran deal
and Trump wouldn't even accept you know
that opening that McCrone offered him
and that's going to create a crisis with
their European allies that we haven't
seen since the invasion of Iraq I mean
the rift between the United States
France UK and Germany and the EU who are
all party to this deal as well you know
it risks being as severe as anything
we've seen since the 2003 run-up to the
Iraq war frustrated it's the point of
that it's sort of hard to articulate my
feelings in a reasonable way about this
what do you think happens next I mean
it's hard to predict well it yeah it's
gonna play out
you know it'll play out over some time
the Iranians could try to work within
the processes set up by the jcpoa to say
that the u.s. violated the deal they
could go to the UN they're there any
number of things that the Iranians could
do to try to claim the high ground here
blame us then there's the question of is
Trump going to impose these sanctions
and if he does does that mean as we
discuss it he's going to try to impose
sanctions on European entities that will
have to play out so that there will be a
messy you know a few months here but the
problem Tommy is that they keep making
these announcements as if they're not
long term consequences you know the long
term consequence here is if as that
plays out Iran starts resuming some of
its nuclear activity and the deal falls
apart then we could be faced with an
unconstrained Iranian nuclear program
that could lead to a point where the
Iranians are once again approaching the
ability to produce enough nuclear
material for a weapon and we have to
decide do we start a war with Iran to
stop them from getting that nuclear
weapon that's one very real possible
consequence but there are other
consequences this consistent trashing of
international agreements that the u.s.
is a party to like the Paris agreement
like TPP like the Iran deal is
undermining American credibility in all
of our efforts to try to achieve any
other international agreements if you're
sitting across the table in the United
States now you're thinking this is a
country that doesn't honor its
agreements that would be a backdrop to
the North Korea negotiations but also to
any number of other negotiations is
going to undermine our standing in the
world we look like the
outlier here the rest of the world
supports this deal certainly the major
powers that negotiated Russia China and
the Europeans we're now the outlier what
is the long-term consequence of the u.s.
consistently being outside of the
spectrum of views of our allies and the
other major powers on on leading and
consequential issues so I you know I and
that's not to mention the fact that the
Trump administration says he wants to
get tougher on Iranian behavior well we
just fractured the international unity
that you need in order to hold Iran
accountable not just on the nuclear
program but other things so he is
junking with this decision not just
potentially the constraints in the Iran
deal and not just the potential for a
conflict with Iran over its nuclear
program but he's setting back America's
alliances America's credibility to
negotiate agreements America's standing
in the world
and that all is going to have medium and
long-term consequences that we're going
to be living with for not just months
but years to come yeah and there's just
it's hard to overemphasize the fact that
they have no plan B in so many yeah and
no one presses them on that I mean you
heard at the end of the the news
conference someone was saying how does
this help the u.s. be more safe and
we're secure and he just wouldn't answer
that simple question well you know yeah
because you know some of the coverage
here is framed as you know fulfilling a
campaign promise or further undoing
Obama's legacy well guess what those
things don't matter in the world no like
what matters is what actually happened
you know and and I don't think anybody
for the Trump administration could
articulate for you what is going to
happen now no I don't think they cannot
say here's here's what our plan is our
plan is to do x and y and achieve Z
there they're just tearing things down
with no plan for what comes next and
that's an incredibly dangerous way to
approach something as serious as the
Iranian nuclear deal there any a nuclear
program but that kind of hostility to
anything that resembles in kind of
competent deliberate governance
cooperation with other countries you
know that the consequences of that
approach are going to be felt on this
issue and others you know for for a long
time because again if you're sitting in
in in London or Paris or Berlin or
Beijing you know or any number of places
around the world and you're looking at
this you know train wreck I mean you're
thinking like well is the United States
under Donald Trump a country that you
know I can rely on that I can make an
agreement with do I want to follow
America's leadership and frankly not
only those governments but the people in
those countries you know Trump is so
toxic and unpopular in Europe he
basically just thumbed his nose at our
key allies the people in those countries
are not going to want their governments
to cooperate with the United States and
that's going to make it harder for us to
get things done in the world so again
the and this is not just about like you
know being able to have you know Kelly
and Conway go on Fox News and say you
know he scrapped Iran deal kept his
promise and Obama's bad that doesn't
matter that's kind of irrelevant to what
is actually going to happen here yeah
they have no argument on the merits and
one of the ways you know they have no
argument on the merits is that someone
some shadowy entity
some reports say connected with the
Trump White House hired a private
investigating firm of a full of former
Israeli spies and members of the
military to go after you and Colin call
who is Vice President Biden's national
security adviser to try to you know dig
up dirt on people to destroy them
destroy their reputations in an effort
to undercut an argument at the Iran deal
because they have no argument on the
merits well like yeah a few points on
this I mean you know one if the Iran
deal is so bad why do you have to go you
know hire shadowy ex-mossad
types to dig up dirt on people to
discredit the Iran deal I think this is
like yeah it should be easy right but no
you don't have good arguments you don't
have the facts on your side so what
you're gonna you're gonna have some
Mossad cutouts like investigate me and
Colin calls undermine the Iran deal
second is what what a chilling new world
war if like when you get out of
government you know you could be faced
with like investigations to discredit
you by political opponents maybe you
know the people who
were actually in power right now whether
it's here in Israel like what what world
is that what does that suggest a public
servant you know that it been what does
that say about what they might be doing
with the NSA or the CIA or the massive
ways we had to surveil people through
the US government yeah no like I look I
I face these you know the the anti-iran
deal crowd is is really I mean I like I
faced a lot of stuff in government they
were constantly the most belligerent
personal you know vitriolic voices
attacking me or anybody associated Iran
deal but I had the notion that that
would then extend to like hiring people
to to spy on my family like it's so far
beyond the pale it visser AIT's like any
norm of behavior that you would expect I
mean maybe Nixon you know and as well
this darkest dreams might have hatched
such a scheme but you know it's a really
chilling thing that you know suddenly
what you you you your arguments that
you're waging and and media and social
media and politics aren't enough you
you're you're gonna hire people to dig
up dirt on people and the spy on
people's families like that's not that's
not a country we want to live in it's
it's not what you'd expect and in the
United States of America you know you
know you you might hear about that
happening in some authoritarian country
and think that that's a terrible thing
is the fact that that's happened here
now and it's connected to this whole you
know kind of weird belligerents towards
the Iran deal that is so outside of the
mainstream I mean you know it's a it's a
worrying direction for for our country
this is not a scenario where they all do
it all politicians are bad they all you
know take up dirt no no no this is
totally new this is so outside the
bounds of what's acceptable the FBI
should investigate this Congress should
hold hearings on what the hell happened
here and figure out if this is tied to
the Trump White House because if it is
that is a scandal that is massive
explosive and they need to get to the
bottom of it ya know if anybody in the
Trump White House is involved in in
contracting and spying on the families
of their predecessors like that and that
goes so far beyond you know anything
that we can
kind of wrap our minds around you know
in the fact that the black cube did the
Israeli entity involved in this you know
they denied it then they kind of
adjusted their denial now they're
they're putting on some story that like
a shipping dispute I mean I have very
little rigs I've known the shipping
industry Tommy I can assure you yeah but
you know what why is there some Israeli
entity involved in this you know
conspicuously obviously the Trump
administration the Netanyahu government
like eight the Iran deal and have been
attacking me for years like it shouldn't
spill over and look I take it right like
you know you're in government you expect
to get criticized and sometimes as a
criticism gonna be personal I didn't
like it but you know to cross that line
would be you know really chilling break
from any past precedent in our country
that I'm aware of
yeah from the good people at black cube
who tried to destroy the women who were
assaulted by Harvey Weinstein that's to
help the pedigree been depressing awful
day thank you for helping us understand
