she is the Democratic nominee for
Congress in New York's 14th
congressional district she strikes fear
in the hearts of Joe Lieberman and James
Comey welcome Alexandria Acacio Cortes
how are you I'm good I'm good so your
you've had this rise you've been
traveling the country campaigning
candidates want you there you've
inspired people one sign for me is a
bunch of people from our team at crooked
wanted to meet you and you should just
know that they're not banging down the
door when when dick durbin comes to town
what do you make of that what do you
think is driving that interest I think
that for so long
I think just lots of everyday people
across the country have been frustrated
with our politics and I think there were
certain aspects about my win even if you
take the politics off the table the fact
that we were a grassroots campaign that
you know I didn't take any lobbyist
money that I had defeated not just a
10th term incumbent but was outspent 10
to 1 and we still won I think it was
kind of this okay things are maybe still
possible in America that I think you
know really resonated with a lot of
folks across the political spectrum so
you've said our swing voter is not red
to blue our swing voter is the non voter
to the voter which is something that
because what we've been talking about a
lot what do you think are the issues
that are gonna get non voters to become
voters and and what have you learned
being on the trail you've been in Kansas
you've been all over the place yeah well
I think it's um it's kind of this
opposite of what I think a lot of folks
in the political establishment think
that they think that you know this
running to the center moderating our
policies being as close to a saltine
cracker as possible is what is going to
make us win elections and I don't think
that that's the case I think what
animates non-voters is feeling like
someone is really fighting for them I
think there are a lot of folks that have
felt as though the Democratic Party
hasn't been fighting hard enough for
them in terms of being really clear
about articulating our priorities
drawing a line
in the sand not just saying we care
about education healthcare and housing
but we believe in single-payer health
care you know just having a plan a an
idea instead of just reform and so I
think that that in order to turnout
non-voters we need to be really explicit
in how we are fighting for them in new
york 14 you know our district is half in
the bronx half in queens voter turnout
is 3% in the primaries and and we
expanded the electorate 68% over the
last off year midterm primary in order
for us to win and the under-40
electorate actually matched the
over-sixty electorate in our race which
is unheard of yeah but it's because we
talked about student loans we talked
about climate change we talked about the
things that our generation is gonna have
to deal with yeah so you face this
blowback I want to get to the
conservative blowback but there's even
been some moderates or or just you know
Democratic mainstream politicians who
have said hold on a second you know she
won in the Bronx but she doesn't know
what works in the Midwest or she doesn't
know what works in Kansas now I know
you've pushed back on that but I guess I
you know there are more non voters that
we can get to become voters and there
are Republicans that we can make
Democrats or independents that we can
get to turnout for Democrats but do you
think that there do you at least
recognize that there's a trade-off there
or do you reject the trade-off too so I
guess I would argue that you know what
maybe there are some independents that
might be turned off by moving to the
left but it's worth it because we can
get the non voters to turnout
yeah no I definitely I'm not here to say
that like my platform is going to win
everybody across all electorates but I
agree with you I think that there's much
more to be gained by targeting non
voters than by targeting Republicans and
even then you know I was having this
conversation last night when I think
about a swing voter all the swing voters
that I know in my life all the swing
voters that I've also met in my life
they never make their decision based on
who is the most moderate one
like they don't you know the people who
go for example your Obama to trump voter
they didn't vote for Obama because he
was the most Republican of them all you
know you didn't write and they didn't
vote for Trump because he was the most
democratic of them all I think that
swing voters make their decisions on on
factors that are actually independent of
political ideology and we're so we are
so boiled down and myopic about
left-right political understanding that
I think that we just like don't even
understand what a swing voter is I think
they've I think they vote based on
certain character based things I think
they vote based on authenticity about I
think they vote based on how much they
think they can trust one candidate over
another
I think they vote uncertain even like
emotional or character based factors
more in some cases than certain
political ideologies so then does just
being from what what is being for
Medicare for all then represent to those
voters is about being anti-establishment
is it about advocating for what you
believe in because if you if you take
that position that these are people that
are turning out for reasons other than
ideology yeah
what role does is the ideology play well
the ideology I think plays a really big
role because I think what people are
really thirsty for as well is that I
think they actually are looking for a
working class champion and as much as
Trump was lying through his teeth the
entire campaign trail if you took the
painful time to pay attention to his
rallies he was speaking very directly to
working-class people especially in the
Midwest he was talking about trade when
you heard him talk about health care he
was saying we're gonna make your co-pays
cheaper we're gonna lower your
deductibles he was describing the
outcomes of Medicare for all he was the
most liberal of the entire Republican
field on health care so I think that
people are really just looking for
someone that's willing to kind of stick
their neck out in order to advance the
issues of working-class Americans and I
think that that is in conjunction with
this idea of trust and often
and whether it's deserved or not I think
there's a real hunger for it what you
know you're from New York you're younger
than me which is annoying but the I
think there's a lot of people around our
age who grew up with Trump as a figure
in New York yeah yeah and actually for
me you know when I hear Trump speak I
recognize a certain kind of New York oh
yeah class voice do you have that
feeling when you when you hear it
totally totally I know like I know that
guy yeah like I know that guy I know him
really really well I may not have met
him but I feel like in this very bizarre
way that I understand Donald Trump's
soul
I have bar tended for Donald Trump I
have you know I have I've had guys cat
called me who are Donald Trump in New
York City you know my father was an
architect he's dealt with God like he
dealt with guys in business like these
shady real-estate developers I know that
guy like I know that guy and I also
understand his personality it's like a
very New York or archetype kind of thing
yeah and it's amazing he has that he has
that specific his skill is that he
doesn't sound like the kind of rich New
Yorker he will is he's always wanted to
be he does sound more like a Queens guy
yeah Bronx guy you hear it
mm-hmm he totally does it that's the one
thing that I don't understand - yeah
like that's the one thing that is kind
of a trip to me I'm like how does this
like multi-generational silver spoon guy
like something like this not just sound
like this but like he is he is it in a
weird way yeah you know but I I think it
also probably maybe has to do with the
industry that his family came from
because like these New York like
construction real estate developer guys
they kind of they have that personality
too so I think it has to do with the
industry that his family comes from that
he's able to channel that because it's
very much a thing like it's like a thing
like he's not an aberration which is why
like I I feel like I have the
to him that I have because I like I know
how to deal with guys like that and the
way that you deal with them is not
giving them more attention yeah I think
that well we've tried giving it more
attention and so far it hasn't worked
yeah so we I asked on Twitter what
people wanted us to talk with you about
and there were two main categories there
was some how it got into the
conservative blood stream what it always
seemed to have that effect of I think
they have like a search query yeah like
a Google Alert so you know there was a
lot of bad faith you know what happens
after you seize the means of production
but there isn't a mentality around
spending inside of that that I did want
to talk about you know we don't talk
about what defense cost imagine a
trillion dollars in debt because of the
corporate tax cuts yet and we talk about
pre-k health care college suddenly it's
unrealistic because of cost and it's not
just bad faith Republicans that make
that argument you hear it from Democrats
as well what's your response to that
well I think it's that same exact thing
it's that we you know they say how are
you gonna pay for it as though they
haven't used these same ways to pay for
unlimited wars to pay for trillion
dollar tax cuts and tax cut extensions
they use these mechanisms to pay for
these things all the time they only want
to know it just seems like their pockets
are only empty when we're talking about
education and investing in human capital
in the United States education health
care housing and investing in the middle
class all of a sudden you know there's
nothing left all of a sudden the
wealthiest nation in the world has it
were just totally scarce then we have
complete scarcity when it comes to the
things that are most important and so
for me I think it belies a lack of moral
priority and it's unfortunate I think
that but I also think a lot of these
folks especially those on I think
perhaps on the Democratic side perhaps
they don't even see it you know I don't
know I don't know if that's a generous
interpretation or not but I think that
they start kind of buying into
conservative talking points they get
dragged into
their court all the time and I think it
is because there's this really myopic
and also just misunderstanding of
politics as this flat two-dimensional
left right thing and so they always feel
like okay the right says this thing we
have to respond to it and that's why
they're winning that's why they've won
for the last ten years because they've
dragged us onto their Court and we we
refused to have our own strong message
to force them to play defense on yeah so
what I talk about what it means to have
that strong message because this is
another thing people asked about and it
was around democratic socialism and
about setting big goals versus when to
compromise and this is a fair number of
people like me who believe in Medicare
for all universal pre-k debt-free
college higher minimum wage progressive
tax code but I'm not a socialist I
believe in those things because I
believe in a regulated free market and a
social safety net what's the difference
between you and me I think the thing is
is that it's such a big tent term
because I could easily say that you're
not a capitalist because you believe
those things I could easily say that
capitalists believe in complete
laissez-faire you know invisible salad
fingers you know economy and that
because you don't believe that
corporation should dictate every single
aspect of your life that you are not a
capitalist so I think it's like a
similar thing in terms of this
conversation about socialism that unless
you like you are like a communist you're
not a socialist right and I think it's
it's one of these things where if you
believe in like the limitations of just
pure free market you know free market is
if you believed in pure free market then
you would believe in the ACA you
wouldn't believe in Medicare for all you
wouldn't believe in tuition free public
college but in order for us to build
wealth as a society we have to
understand that there are multiple
players and multiple sectors in our
economy that can build wealth
corporations and businesses build wealth
but
also when we for example decided to take
the affirmative and bold step into
building an interstate highway system
and to electrify in this country into
providing tuition-free public K through
12 education for all those are not
capitalist things but we have to realize
that there are there is more than one
way to build wealth and so you know a
democratic socialism the idea of
democratic socialism so there are people
that perhaps believe all the same things
you do and the difference is that they
would call themselves a democratic
socialist and other people wouldn't and
like I think that that's fine you know I
think that we draw a lot of artificial
lines in the sand plenty of socialists
would say I'm not a socialist it's like
that's and I don't even think that
that's what's really what's up for
debate right now right and I just think
that we make a lot of these
conversations about isms but at the end
of the day a lot of these isms are
ultimately academic definitions and the
world is so much bigger and messier than
that I guess I think that's right you
know I'm of two minds of it in part
because you know you know I see I see
the rise of democratic socialist groups
and and and activists as a good thing
it's a response to Trump it's a response
to feeling left behind by the Democratic
Party it's very clear that you have
pulled the party to the left in ways
that I think are positive but at the
same time my worry is well if you have
to be a Democratic Socialist to advocate
for these things does that mean that
you're implicitly saying that they don't
have a home in the Democratic Party oh I
don't think I mean I don't necessarily
agree with that I don't think that you
have to call yourself a democratic
socialist to believe in these things but
I'm also not a hardliner
some people are a hardliner I'm not a
hardliner kind of person I'm very
pragmatic so I meet everybody where
they're at even if you're like the most
Republican even if you call yourself a
Republican there are people who call
themselves Republican
I would say believe socialist things for
example if you're in a union that is a
form of democratic socialism is building
worker power so that a corporation
doesn't dictate and kind of undermine
your your right your economic rights to
you know basic human things that I think
are part of basic human dignity health
care a living wage union organizing is
like a very basic unit of democratic
socialism socialism it's a form of
putting democracy into the workplace
building collective power so that
workers can have a say and what happens
to them but you know I think that like
I'm not a hardliner
you know you could say I'm a union
worker you may not call yourself a
democratic socialist and that's totally
fine yeah I mean it's it's funny because
I've never I found it very frustrating
when people would as their sort of final
point and Bernie's not even a Democrat
right why I think that's dumb but the
same time you know one of my I think
after Trump won to me one of the
greatest fears was a that he would
attack institutions but also be that in
the wake of this incredible threat and a
sense of loss that there wouldn't be
unity on the left to me that unity is
really important so I guess what is the
value of being a democratic socialist
vers being a Democrat for you and I'm
not I'm not asking ya I'm generally not
curious well I mean I think that answer
is like you know super personal for
every person for me the reason why I use
this term is because to be completely
honest I don't know what it means to be
just a Democrat mmm-hmm you know like
there are Democrats who are anti choice
there are Democrats who don't believe in
a fifteen dollar or not even there's not
to be 15 bucks there Democrats who don't
believe that the minimum wage should be
a living wage there are Democrats who
are willing to allow fossil fuel
companies to do whatever they want and
so while I am happy to call myself a
Democrat I also want to be more than
that I want to communicate very clearly
that I believe in the United States
there
a minimum we should aspire to establish
institutions that are a minimum level
that provide a minimum level and
guarantee a minimum level of human
dignity in the United States joe
Manchin's a democrat mm-hmm
I'm not Joe Manchin ma Joe Manchin and I
are both Democrats but Joe Manchin
believes in coal he believes in you know
he may be voting for Cavanaugh you know
who's gonna totally dismantle roe v--
wade and allowed you know Trump to get
away with whatever he wants to get away
with and so for me it's not that I'm
it's not that that I'm going to you know
it's not that I'm here to burn the house
down
but it's that I tend to think that the
Democratic Party you know I am a
Democrat but I also kind of think that
it's a silver standard and for me it
adds a gold standard of guaranteed you
know to aspiring to a guaranteed minimum
level of economic and social dignity and
so there are plenty of people in the
party who agree who I think would
identify but they're also plenty of the
people plenty people in the party you
wouldn't agree right and just sort of
the the Joe Manchin argument so we had
Joe Manchin on and we pushed it pretty
hard to make sure that he would vote
against Republican repeal efforts on
health care and he was a vote on that
and the fact and I imagine if Joe and
Bancha were sitting here he'd say that's
all well and good but these are the
positions I believe I have to take and
when when you've needed me on votes on
health care I've been there when you
rather have a conservative Democrat like
me than a Republican who would be with
you on none of these issues well I think
we look at just look at what happened to
Joe Manchin this year Joe Manchin faced
a little to no talked about primary from
a woman on the Left apology and
Swearingen I know Paula Jean Swearengen
very well she's a Coal Miner's Daughter
she ran on no money like not only did
she run on no corporate money but she
she had nothing in two years for a
United States Senate race she raised a
hundred and seventy nine thousand
dollars total and you know like when
you're figuring stuff out in campaigns
like
she really had probably less than 100k
