on August 22nd at around 7:30 p.m. a
president Trump tweeted the following
I've asked Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo to closely study the South Africa
land and farm seizures and
expropriations that's a hard word to say
and the large scale killing of farmers
South African government is now seizing
land from white farmers tagged at Tucker
Carlson at Fox News Trump was apparently
watching Tucker Carlson show on Fox who
featured a segment about South Africa
that claimed white farmers were being
targeted in a wave of murders instead of
protecting them he said the South
African government was preparing to take
their farms many observers in the US and
abroad scratched their head at this
tweet but unfortunately the virulent
white nationalist and assorted racists
on social media cheered so John first
question everyone in South Africa must
be freaking out about this rampage of
murder and land stealing right I mean
this has to be the biggest story ever in
the country yes they are freaking out at
the same time as the vast majority of
white people also employ black gardeners
and black domestic workers it's quite a
paradox yes yes I am of course being
sarcastic because as we'll go through
there doesn't seem to be any basis in
fact for these allegations so let's
start with his claim that there's some
rampage of murders I saw a recent study
that said the killings of farmers
generally is at a 20-year low and has
been in steady decline since 1998 and
New York Times reported that the South
African government actually doesn't
break down homicide statistics by race
so it's not clear where these statistics
are coming from I mean does that jibe
with your understanding of crime rates
in South Africa it does so last year or
2016 2017 there were 74 murders of
farmers in South Africa which sounds
pretty bad right but then you realize
that sadly there's been 19,000 murders
in the whole country South Africa is a
violent place it has the 10th highest
murder rate in the world Cape Town which
many people know as this
beautiful spectacular city is actually
the most violent city outside of the
Americas and in addition to that context
you have to understand that as you
pointed out these statistics are not
broken down by race and the majority of
people who work on farms are black not
white so it's quite possible although we
don't know that actually the main
victims of attacks on farms are black
farm workers so that's interesting I did
not know that about the the general
crime rate that is disconcerting if you
if you take a list of the 15 most
violent cities in the world I think 13
are in Latin America
one is Solaris and the other is Cape
Town so regarding the second claim about
land seizure it is true that the South
African government the ANC plans to
change the country's constitution to
allow the seizure of some land without
compensation right I mean why are they
making that change it's a it's a big
question and you do have to unpack it a
little bit you don't necessarily have to
start in 1651 when the Dutch rock doctor
what is no cake tone but you do have to
start some way back which tucker carlson
didn't on his show know there was the
great there was the great moment in that
segment when he tried to define racism
for South Africans where I'm just I'm
just sitting there watching I mean I
think these guys have a pretty good idea
about what that is so I guess we should
start with the legacy apartheid right I
mean my understanding you know apartheid
was a period from essentially the the
mid early 40s through 1991 or 1994
really of just institutionalized racism
in South Africa and under apartheid the
majority of the black population was
moved to segregated areas that made up I
think like 13 percent of the country's
land and then according to a 2016 audit
of land ownership white farmers still
owned nearly 73 percent of the nation's
agricultural lands so I believe 8
percent of South Africa's population is
white according to the census so I mean
isn't that just a glaring injustice that
the government is trying to tackle yeah
and it's been trying to tackle it since
1994 and like you say this is the deep
legacy of not just a part ID but the
system of racial segregation that was in
place before then and that system was it
was cruel and it was vast and it was
extensive you had millions of black
South Africans after 1948 being removed
from where they lived and put into
cramped pretty vile Puffin homelands
from which they were only irregularly
taken out in order to work on the mines
and that legacy is still apparent today
despite what the ANC has tried to do
since 1994 it tried to do a number of
things but they were broadly three one
was to give restitution for those people
who were moved off the land so to say
here is your land back or at least here
is some cash compensation the second was
to try to buy up white owned farmland on
the open market and then redistribute it
to black farmers and the third was to
give black South Africans in the Maine
who didn't have proper property rights
secure title so they could take out
mortgage and go to the bank and things
like that right and so I read that you
know I think I saw that in 1994 white
farm ownership was around 85 percent now
it's apparently 73 percent so it doesn't
seem like a lot of progress has been
made since apartheid ended to more
fairly distribute land is that fair it's
fair up to a point those statistics that
you cite only refer to the land that's
held by individuals so there's a whole
bunch of other land that's held by
companies and trusts and crucially by
the government as well so you see other
statistics that suggest perhaps black
ownership is is a bit higher and there
has been some
redistribution from white farm owners to
to black farm owners but like with all
of the efforts that land reform that ANC
has done since 1994 it's been slow and
it's been inept so while the ANC was of
course not responsible for the unjust
legacy that inherited in 1994 I think
most people would agree it's done far
too little to right those wrongs since
um well so the government is seeking
this Authority this constitutional
change that would allow them to
redistribute land it doesn't necessarily
mean they're going to use it right I
mean do you have a sense of whether they
will actually move on on this issue or
you know you mentioned previously that a
lot of efforts have been installed and
slowed at best yeah you need to step
back a little bit and understand the
political context of of kind of South
Africa in 2018 so there's a general
election next year and has ever in
general election there's a lot of polity
when general elections approach there's
a lot of politic going on since February
South Africa's had a new president a guy
called Cyril Ramaphosa who took over
from a guy called Jacob Zuma who was
deeply corrupt and ruined a considerable
number of South Africa's institutions
and when he took power when he ran
opposer took power he was faced with a
divided ANC party which still runs South
Africa but also a kind of growing
impatience on the left of the country's
political scene there's a splinter group
party called the economic freedom
fighters and so he was that he was under
pressure to do something to show that he
was going to be different to Jacob Zuma
that he was doing something about the
rampant echo economic inequality that's
still apparent in South Africa and land
reform making a gesture on land reform
was one way
to do that the details though as you say
are still unclear they've said they will
amend South Africa's Constitution to
make it easier or to clarify the
conditions under which land could be
taken without compensation but there's a
long way to go before any of that's
actually done and Tia said that they
would only do this in a way that would
not harm the economy and not not harm
food production which is a coded way of
saying we are not a Zimbabwe hmm
interesting
so I mean to sort of level set on the
initial claims Trump was making these
groups are making it seems like one the
statistics around the murders is just
simply inaccurate and frankly looks like
the numbers are somewhat fabricated the
question of whether land will be taken
and redistributed is is TBD it may
happen but it sounds like you think
there's a whole lot of steps that need
to happen before before anything Bly
should be moved on so kind of brings me
back to the tweets at our Carlson
segment and the fact that there are
these right-wing groups pushing this lie
and they found a willing audience from
right-wing racist trolls in the United
States like Alex Jones are in Coulter or
Tucker Carlson I mean apparently they
are groups from South Africa are making
visits to Washington I read that one of
them sat down with Ted Cruz they sat
down with the Cato Institute are these
arguments being made in South Africa or
are they just lobbying foreign
governments for action the the the white
nationalist argument is not something
you hear a lot about in South Africa
it's something that's actually kind of
pushed more by people from outside than
inside earlier this year and Australia's
Home Affairs Minister he had picked up
on some of the same stuff that Tucker
Carlson presumably picked up on and then
he offered asylum to what we called
Australia's oppressed and cricket loving
cousins but in South Africa itself it's
not something that comes up a lot so
that weakens our
ooh in many ways I seem more comfortable
talking about issues of race than say
Americans are it's something that's
salient which perhaps can have tempers
some of the extremes and when it comes
to land reform the two schools of
thought are broadly those who think it's
not especially important to their daily
lives but has a lot of symbolic value
and those that understand that symbolic
value but think that it's a kind of
economically dangerous thing to do
mmm-hmm yeah you mean you mentioned this
these comments by the Australian home
minister who has jumped on these news
stories to I mean do we have a sense or
two questions one we have a sense that
these officials are reading these
reports and genuinely being fooled or by
essentially fake news or do we think
this is fitting into a worldview that
they want to push one and is there
concern in South Africa that President
Trump regurgitating these right-wing
tropes it could supercharge the story
and and you know increase the amount of
you know people who think that this is
actually happening I'm not sure as to
how these ideas get in front of
politicians you'll probably have a
better idea then than I do
I said the second question yeah I mean
it's not played particularly well you've
got Rama poseur today saying in a speech
you know stay out of our issues Trump
stay out our issues which incidentally
has a long history as well I mean many
Americans are loved in South Africa but
the American government as a whole still
has a bit of a kind of rocky reputation
because economic sanctions by America
won't apply to apartheid South Africa
until 1986 properly and people like Rama
poser who are part of the struggle they
don't forget that stuff very easily what
what I think the danger of something
like Trump's tweets are in a country
like South Africa is is well racist
something that people are comfortable
talking about when there is such
economic inequality and such economic
problems anything that kind of stirs up
racial
hatred either by whites towards blacks
or often from blacks towards whites is
dangerous um could that be why the
government in South Africa you know call
 on Trump's claim pretty quickly
one official called it hysterical and
based on false information I mean was
this huge news in South Africa and were
you surprised by how swift and strong
the reaction was it was big news in
South Africa and I think sometimes it
pays just to remember where South Africa
is on a map it's at the southern tip of
a big continent it it can feel like
you're quite far away from the rest of
the world here and when you have the
President of the United States making I
think only his second tweet about Africa
the other being that has
countries write about your country then
you stand up and yeah it's it's been on
the TV news the talk radio stations
which are popular here have been talk
I've been talking about it so it's it's
become very salient how much do you
think the ANC has riding on getting this
right I mean you mentioned when Jacob
Zuma stepped down earlier this year you
know he survived all these scandals but
ultimately fell out of favor with
basically everybody the ANC has his
great history it's the party Mandela
they shouldered so much of the the
promise of ending apartheid how much are
people looking to them to make
meaningful reforms quickly this is a
huge year head for the ANC like you say
has this incredible history of which
most South Africans white and black are
very proud but there is a real sense in
which since 1994 while there has been
some progress it has made many many
mistakes and those were those were
especially prevalent on to Jacob Zuma I
mean he ruined this country's
institutions I was trying to think of a
way of explaining this to Americans
and perhaps if you imagine that if the
Treasury the IRS the FBI the DOJ the CIA
the Department for Interior and the
Department of I
Donald Trump's cronies and all of the
ostensibly neutral officials in the way
down were all run by Donald Trump
cronies and they were all seeking to get
off the criminal friends of the
president then you'd have some sense of
how badly things got so South Africans
are affectionate towards the ANC but
they're also impatient and it's
important to remember that as of next
year the median age of a South African
will be 25 which means that half of the
country won't have been alive when
Mandela became president so they have
less reason to care about the struggle
narrative and this is where we find
ourselves on the eve of the election a
deep residual of warmth towards the ANC
he will win the next election but the
question is whether it can do so in in
such a way that solidifies its hold on
power or whether it will kind of go back
162 percent I think the last election
but most people think it might drop
below that well that generational issue
raised is so interesting because I mean
the thing about apartheid and it's a
evil policy and it was so recent I mean
this was occurring in the in the late
19th early 90s and you know I also don't
know that young Americans realize how
wrong the United States was on this
issue for a long time it was not that
long ago that that you know Reagan was
denouncing the ANC as a terrorist
organization and Mandela was on a watch
list I mean that did not change until
george w bush i believe i mean i do is
these america looked at fondly and
is that someone who helped in the
struggle or is it weary South Africans
have a huge affection for America and in
many ways said I forget it
feels quite American if you're here you
know there's very much a driving culture
it's quite outdoorsy people go to malls
there's a shouty cable news culture as
well and there's this huge affection for
many of the Americans who were involved
in the in the struggle especially often
kind of church leaders as black church
leaders but like I was saying before the
legacy of government policy isn't easily
forgotten and many of the people high up
in the ANC still to this day naturally
gravitate towards kind of Chinese ideals
which which stems originally from the
role of China and to a lesser extent the
Soviet Union in the struggle there have
been a bunch of news stories about the
land reform South Africa that are making
comparisons to what happened in Zimbabwe
under Mugabe rule can you give a just a
quick overview of what God they did and
how that may or may not be different and
whether you think that the comparison is
is appropriate and fair it's not a fair
comparison for a start that actually
were land seizures in Zimbabwe and just
to repeat there are no land seizures
taking place in South Africa in 2000
watt Mugabe who by that point had been
dictator in Zimbabwe for two decades he
was fearing that he would lose the
general election which would have been a
sham anyway but in order to shore up the
support amongst some of the people in
his in his in his base he essentially
gave them free rein to expropriate the
mostly white held farms in Zimbabwe and
this unleash chaos and on these violence
there were
you know dozens of attacks very violent
not just on the white farm owners but
again on the black farmworkers and this
left a catastrophic economic legacy
Zimbabwe today is poorer than it was in
the 1980s this is a country that used to
export food to the rest of the continent
it now relies on USAID for food parcels
for millions of its people my final
question for you is is a broad one and
you know I realized that Africa is a
continent comprised of many many people
in countries but you know as you travel
around South Africa as you visit other
countries to report what do you hear
about President Trump in the state of US
politics I mean has has the
country's comment resonated and and
change the way people think of us I
think people are able to differentiate
America from Trump but at the same time
I think it does worry people in in
African capital cities that I visit
visit that America is run by somebody
who depended frankly could be one of
their leaders and and that has been
something that people have said to me
people expect better from the United
States and this matters I think because
it's it's sad but it also matters
because it potentially accelerates I can
abroad a structural trend which is
taking place and that is the the looking
eastwards of many of these countries
towards China where so much of the
investment for infrastructure and the
light comes from so if you don't have a
president who is engaged in the
continent and the very least seems to
respect you then why wouldn't you just
go ever more towards Beijing especially
when it gives you money without calling
you a country so you mentioned
China's investment I mean they have this
broader initiative called Dalton road
where they're essentially
for huge projects all across the planet
is a way to exert influence I mean is
that are you seeing the effects of those
investments and more of a Chinese
presence and influence on policy in
countries across the continent I haven't
been here for so long I mean Chinese
investment in Africa has been taking
place for four decades now and some of
it is being wrapped into this can abroad
a slightly nebulous belt and Road
initiative the key thing now for many
African countries in relation to Chinese
investment though is that the the money
is starting to be required to be paid
back and if you remember maybe a couple
of decades ago now there was this huge
kind of groundswell of dropping the debt
that many African countries has gotten
themselves into and largely that process
was successful a lot of countries got
