we're already okay welcome to pod save
America I'm Jon Favreau I'm Dan Pfeiffer
later in the pod will be talking with
our good friend former Hillary Clinton
campaign communications director
Jennifer Palmieri who's written a new
book called dear madam president an open
letter to the women who will run the
world there's still some tickets to our
Florida shows we'll be there next week
check it out on Comm slash events for
POD schedule we are trying something new
den where we actually are going to
record monday's pod monday night and put
it out Tuesday morning first thing
because we are reclaiming our Sundays I
know you've done that for a year and a
half now so I'm happy for you guys yeah
we're gonna test it out we'll see if
everyone freaks out also that works
because our normal Thursday pod next
week will actually be out Friday morning
it will be our Thursday night live show
in Clearwater so we got a Tuesday Friday
schedule next week for everyone who's
listening okay I I'm gonna find whatever
restaurant has a bottomless mimosa
Sunday brunch and invest in it in West
Hollywood
yeah that's that's what I'll be doing
Sunday no I'll actually be going my
parents for Easter okay so I haven't
talked to you since the March for our
lives last weekend but I saw on Twitter
that you spoke at the March in San
Francisco how was that I mean I did it
was very nice of them to invite me to do
it
and it was almost entirely students and
then a couple politicians and one
podcaster who were sort of interesting a
little bit about our experiences in the
battle for fur gun for gun control and
introducing the student and so it was
really a wonderful experience the people
the students I met there were just
unbelievable the discussion was very
broad-based in a way that I think it's
important that it just wasn't just about
shootings in schools like parkland it
was about gun violence writ large about
police shootings about just I mean just
the
you know there are a lot of people who
were representing organizations or who
who were in schools or communities who
have to live with gun violence every day
but it doesn't make she and then in the
New York Times or I must have EC or
whatever else and people were fired up
in a but in an inspirational way like it
was not anger yeah and this this has
been the trend I've seen with every
march or protests we've been to is it'd
be so easy to be angry and about it the
people is really like this joyousness of
being together to push or something real
is really it was it was a really special
experience at my parents and toe Holly
was there it was wonderful yeah I was
talking with Lovett about that too
because he was saying like it's a good
place for everyone who's been so angry
about everything to show up but I was
saying you don't see that anger at the
March like you saw in 2010 with some of
the Tea Party rallies you know like the
Tea Party town halls and rallies were
not like joyous peaceful gatherings
there's a lot of angry people that rose
yelling on TV and I didn't see that at
the Women's March I didn't see that at
the March for our lives we should talk
about some of the reaction to the March
first of all it drove all of the worst
people in politics absolutely insane so
yet Congressman Steve King from Iowa
noted racist attacked Emma Gonzales for
wearing a Cuban flag on her jacket Erick
Erickson at red state spread false
rumors at friend of the pod David hog
wasn't actually at the school during the
shooting which he later had to correct
and Laura Ingraham mocked hog for not
getting accepted to his favorite
colleges last night
she mocked a 17 year old shooting
survivor for not getting into college
because she doesn't like his political
views I wish that was a joke I see these
attacks is sort of evidence that the
Parkland students are winning and that
the people in right wing entertainment
really don't know how to deal with it
what do you think I mean there are a
couple of things that play here first
Nate Silver had a tweet this morning
that said something to the effect of
look it's not that the Parkland kids
have been spot on everything they've
done there's been some things they've
said that it's been off tone or maybe
not exactly right in the moment but the
fact that they are so good at political
communication they're as good
application as pundants and put up and
cable hosted political operatives we've
been doing this for years it's
threatening to those people and which is
why they they act the way they do right
and so if you've spent years toiling
away in the Fox News greenroom now
working your way up from the five to Fox
and Friends to Ingram angle and then all
of a sudden some kid walks out of high
school and is good is good at being a
pundit as you are that's probably
threatening the other thing is that the
incentives structure in Trump's
Republican Party is to be as big an
 as possible that's how you get
clique that's how you get attention if
they get a presidential pat on the back
and so people are trying they what they
want to appeal to not just trumpet the
people they trumped appeal to and you
get that by being an not by
being understanding or thoughtful and
that's how people like learning are gosh
a miss to begin with and you're right it
is if you watch the panic in the eyes
the nra and dana loesch they can feel
the political terrain shifting
underneath them and the only way they
know how to react is to lash out in ad
hominem attacks against high school kids
and so it's a sign of everything that's
that is wrong about political industry
everything that's wrong with her with
the Republican Party a conservative
movement and everything that is right
about where where the politics on guns
is going in this country it's like high
school not just high school students
high school students who have survived a
school shooting like I just I can't put
myself in the minds of these people like
there's one of the Parkland students
this young man named Kyle he's much more
Republican in his positions on gun
control and he's been out there speaking
as well and obviously like I don't agree
with a lot of the policies he's pushing
but I can't imagine in a million years
going online and starting to yell about
this kid and criticize him
especially because of what he's just
been through you know like I don't I
don't understand these people like well
you know what what what brings them to
think to themselves like yeah it's a
good idea to spend my like eric erickson
looks like obsessed with
everything that David Hogg says and does
you look at his Twitter feed and like
it's all about David hog all the time
like what is with the weird obsession
with these high school students you know
I just I don't understand it it like
there's an important point you make
about this kid Kyle which is it is okay
like you don't have to you don't have to
pretend to agree with emma gonzales or
kirk cameron county or david hager
anyone wait you can have a nurse Kenan
should be a debate about their points
they've inserted themselves into a
national debate and they are not immune
from criticism or disagreement about
what they're saying but they are in the
arena that is fair and that goes for
people on the other side as well by what
they have not I mean it's just you're a
new era it's it takes a special kind of
 to decide that the way to
respond to that it's not substantive but
you try to tear them down it just it is
it mean it's why we have Trump this is
exactly there is a there is a market for
being an in the Republican Party
and easy Bo responding to the
marketplace yeah there's a sickness and
it is a sickness that is much more
prevalent on one side right now one
interesting reaction to the March came
from a retired Supreme Court Justice
John Paul Stevens who wrote an op-ed in
the New York Times calling for the
repeal of the Second Amendment
this led Donald Trump to tweet in all
caps the Second Amendment will never be
repealed and then Chuck Schumer
immediately said that's not the
Democrats position repealing an
amendment a constitutional amendment
requires a two-thirds majority vote in a
house in the Senate or a constitutional
convention called by two-thirds of state
legislatures dan how likely is this to
happen it is impossible it's not going
to so why do we think students did this
he I mean even this is making a I don't
to be honest on the answer but I think
he's making a point that
uh that it were not for I guess I put
this way I am confused by here at this
point because it conflicts with his
dissent in the Supreme Court decision
that held that the second amendment
meant that people had a right to bear
arms yeah in the way in which we
commonly think about it this is DC
versus Heller and and Sanders in the
dissent and the majority won and so here
there are couple things that I thought
Matt Iglesias a Vox had a good point
about this Democrats don't have to
repeal the Second Amendment there's
actually a lot of gun control that we
can pass that the Supreme Court has
essentially held is consistent with the
Second Amendment an assault weapons ban
limit on high-capacity clips no open
carry yeah I know if we carry universal
background checks because in Scalia's
opinion and Heller he makes it clear
that this is the right to bear arms is
not an unlimited right but it's also
worth noting that prior to he'll her if
there was real disagreement about
whether the specific wording of Second
Amendment as a related to the right to
bear arms as part of a well-regulated
militia meant that people can own
handguns had a had a constitutional
right to own a handgun own a rifle
whatever that is and it was only in a
5-4 Court decision that held that up to
that point it'd been as I understand it
an untested yeah constitutional question
and so we actually don't need to repeal
the Second Amendment we should pass a
whole bunch of laws that have broad
bipartisan support in this country that
are consistent with the Second Amendment
as interpreted in this Heller decision
and I would frankly like to see a
Supreme Court arguing for Supreme Court
I'd like to see Democrats arguing that
if elected to the presidency we will
appoint Supreme Court justice who who
will do a certain set of things
including overturned statistician I did
but also overturn the Heller decision
totally agree that like now a couple
people were saying that Stephens by
writing that uh Pat is trying to you
know move the Overton Window here which
you know III could see that too but at
the very least I do think Matt Iglesias
is point that in DC there are all
these very strict gun laws that pass
muster constitutional muster even based
on that that Heller opinion so it should
not stop us from trying to in the
meantime push for a number of very
restrictive gun laws the next steps for
March for our lives students are
organizing a town hall for our lives in
pushing every single member of Congress
to host a town hall during the next
congressional recess that is Saturday
April 7th they're trying to organize
members of Congress to hold town halls
and then I think recesses extends to the
8th and 9th as well so be on the lookout
for that and we will we'll get you guys
details about what's happening there as
we get them let's let's move on to the
president's mounting legal problems
which now spanned from obstructing the
investigation into the Russian attack on
our elections to paying hush money to
adult film actress stormy Daniels there
are a few stories over the last couple
of days on this the New York Times
reports that trumps former lawyer John
Dowd discussed Trump issuing pardons to
Paul Manafort and Mike Flynn with their
lawyers while they were under
investigation last year this raises the
question of whether Dowd promised them
pardons in exchange for not cooperating
with Muller Flynn of course already is
cooperating with Muller he pled guilty
mana for it has thus far refused ban
does this seem like the typical
aboveboard legal maneuver you see from
lawyers with innocent clients John Dowd
it's sort of like the attorney who
represented everyone in the Barksdale
crew from the wire yet he as you can
possibly be and this also answers the
question that people have been wondering
which is why has mana port not cut a
deal yeah he has been he's facing so
much jail time and he's gonna so much
money in lawyers cost people give in
metaphors age many people speculate that
he will spend the rest of his life in
jail as convicted in the crimes he has
been a Kiki's
and it he seems very guilty he just
knows what we have read instead he seems
super guilty so why would he not if
given the chance to reduce his debt and
significantly not turn on the person who
fired him in an embarrassing way for a
racist blogger or Steve Bannon and Kelly
and Kelly
so that's always been a mystery to me
like didn't was why was he like what is
it why does he think he would win this
case and the answer maybe and this is
irresponsible speculation on my part but
maybe that he's waiting he's holding on
to a perm and then he would not go to
jail at all I mean it may be
irresponsible speculation but it's also
sort of the obvious most obvious
explanation that you'd imagine because
like you know Trump has pardoned people
that don't deserve pardons before
Sheriff Joe Arpaio the pardon power is
pretty expansive now you can't use a
pardon for corrupt reasons and certainly
preventing people from cooperating
against the man cooperating with the man
who's investigating you for crimes seems
like a corrupt reason but my question
this whole thing was like what is
stopping Trump from just waiting Muller
out and pardoning everyone maybe nothing
you know that's this debt I mean
everyone's very focused on will Trump
fire Muller
but Trump may decide that firing Muller
may be too much of a headache and he
might as well just wait him out knowing
that if he pardons everyone
or if Muller releases a report or at
least releases a report just to Congress
saying that Trump deserves impeachment
no one will do anything because the
Republicans have protected him every
step of the way up to this point that
hid the real interesting obstruction of
justice - sure and adventure for Toronto
is the entire mother now before he
reports before he would send a report to
Congress which details the many crimes
which you and your coterie of
criminals has committed or do you wait
till Muller has already done it and then
pardoned everyone involved but I guess I
don't know what a Trump can pardon him
stuff and the probably untested
proposition yeah I don't think he can I
don't think he can pardon himself I
think at some point he has to you know
lean on his goons in Congress to help
him out here and to say you know the FBI
is corrupt and Muller's group is corrupt
and this is fake news and blah blah blah
and they just sort of wait it out now
you know if Democrats take back Congress
in November this is a little more
problematic for him but as we've said
before you still you could get an
impeachment in the house if it comes to
that but you get to the Senate and you
know you need something like 66 67 votes
and we certainly don't have that in the
Democratic Party and I don't know that
we can get there with even the
Republicans who have expressed grave
concern about Trump and his yeah so
that's an issue I mean it does it does
seem like Trump's a little more nervous
than usual here about Muller Politico
has a story about how Trump's media
goons are unleashing opposition research
on Muller now on Tuesday night Bob
Muller filed a statement in court that
says former Trump aide current
cooperating witness Rick Gates was in
contact during the final weeks of the
2016 campaign with a business associate
of his sorry with a business associate
of his who was tied to Russian
intelligence and the theft of the DNC
emails that was pretty crazy huh now why
do we think Molly did that and you we
had gone back to December of 2016 and we
laid out the set of things that have
happened since then and one of them was
that trump's deputy campaign manager
transition official and overall
republican insider had been in touch
with a have been in touch with a russian
intelligence official
that was we were like case closed done
Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell have gone
to the White House and told Trump to
resign but instead it's on like page C
12 because of all the other crazy
that's happening I know it's like it
happened late Tuesday night and so I
didn't even see it until Wednesday
morning yesterday and then we were all
on to the next thing but I'm like wait a
minute wait a minute what the his
business associate was Russian
intelligence was former Russian
intelligence who still had ties what do
we think they were talking about in
those final weeks of the campaign who
knows this is worth I think that this
sort of does and I think this can play
into the stormy Daniels conversation is
like it no one saw that story I mean we
are obsessive news consumers we are
consuming it on Twitter
we are texting about it we are posting
it slack about it we live for that is
basically or just I mean you're actually
you're actually in media mobile and we
barely noticed it and so you know voters
did notice a like no one knows this
happened you've been if you if you
polled reporter many of them would know
what happened because they were covering
other things also worthwhile thing
they're also probably doesn't matter the
voters don't know it yeah
know it let's just like let them older
jus his like what matters did his mother
knows it Moeller knows it but I think
Muller was doing it and making it public
and filing it well I saw some people
speculate about this that one of the
reasons he was filing the statement was
to send man afford a message that it's
time to cooperate because look what we
have
like Muller's keeps trying to show some
of his cards to manna for it in order to
pressure him to flip which you know
could be true or not but I know it's
funny when you said that we didn't
notice it even Brian boiler editor of
crooked comm who I'm pretty sure has
like a bulletin board up in his office
with like red string connecting all the
different players investigation even
Brian didn't know it I found it under
someone's tweet and was sending it
around yesterday yes also if something
weird that happened on Tuesday which was
Chris Coons senator Chris Coons
from Delaware and US Senator Tom Tillis
put out a statement calling for the
protection of Bob Muller just out of the
blue and I don't know if there's
something afoot where they're a little
more nervous than usual the Trump's are
gonna make a move but I thought that was
pretty weird
yeah I agree that they're we don't know
anything but it is it suggests that at
