so were YouTube stars right now on
YouTube but nowhere else eat your heart
out akela
hey and your last livestream you made a
pie
yes I made up high and learn how to roll
out dough and fill it it was great was
it a successful pie a lot more
successful than my first attempt my
first attempt was garbage so it was
really great to learn but this is also
fun yeah I mean I'm making sense a lot
more fun but I hate small talk super
good at it hate it I'm so bad at it how
is everyone's weekend's who cares
many big weekend plans who cares its
enthralled by the conversation - all
right should we kick this off mm-hmm on
Twitter yes oh no worries more small
talk this was exciting you like your
laptop Priyanka
it's pretty nice I write the newsletter
with it you do what is it sign up for
your the 500 people watching this on
YouTube subscribe to the newsletter go
to cookie calm and subscribe - what a
day
it's a great newsletter it's the best
newsletter a lot of days things get busy
here with like other work and I don't
read the news as much as I should and I
catch up every night with what a day
a lot of newsletters out there they just
aggravate their own their own garbage
their own organizations like top stories
and it's like here are eight things you
know political or the trough of our news
and we don't do that but do check out
the from the cookie media section I'm
saying yes but we curate you know ours
is more like a coerced meal not the
trough second wave Millennials hey you
want a trophy yeah fine you can have a
generation also with the touchiness
you never learn manners shake hands
shake hands use the fork starting from
the outside
[Laughter]
yeah I'm ready I'm ready we're doing it
I'm ready
wait are we on I'm just waiting for a
tweet to pop up telling me that we're on
Twitter me too and we're live hey
everybody whatever
Janka we're here here with Priyanka or
Tomi
pundit pundit me Luka so um we're gonna
do something a little different today
are we yeah
I'm everyone still asked you the
questions I'm just gonna ask you the
questions that they have already asked
but there's a lot of news we didn't read
today so we're gonna ask you questions
about your questions so Priyanka is here
to moderate our livestream she's also
the writer along with Bryan of what a
day the creek newsletter which is I have
to say best newsletter best newsletter
in the business by far you know no
you're welcome question tweet the stream
I already did cool we're already in it I
will let's go all right so we're kicking
off with a pretty hard-hitting question
um how does the rest of crooked media
survive Jon love it when something like
Yanni versus Laurel happens so there's
these things called noise cancelling
headphones that are pretty big fans of
feels like that the question wasn't for
me but at me so me why don't you yeah I
mean so I was out of the office I had a
meeting in Venice yesterday which pretty
heroic to go from West Hollywood to
Venice during the middle of the day for
him moving under the 405 but enough
about me Franco you was it with Bill
Gates you experienced this whole day I
just I got it via what a day and I heard
Laurel but Hanna heard yeni
remember and it was I feel like I have a
weird perspective on it because I did
hear both I started hearing Yanni then I
heard Laurel I kind of I'm only Laurel
right now but I hesitate to say that
like I feel like that's kind of
unpopular opinion
I heard Laurel I heard yeah anyone love
it heard it one time one time I got our
Instagram story somewhere yeah yeah
somewhere I think it just had came to
the speaker's in just the right way and
I heard Yanni you
it's yawning yawning its yanny and I
hear to you Annie and then also some
people were playing around with the
frequencies of it mm-hmm and then I
heard Yanni and then I heard Yanni for a
second in the regular one okay and it
was gone it was fleeting fleeting yeah
yeah it was it really it started off
small then I think loved it got ahold of
it in office and it sort of became
pandemonium balloon there was in every
part of the office there was like your
side and then you went over to the
intern side
it was just like running around with
this like sweet faraway well it was like
a wing someone very quickly suggested it
was a frequency issue and so then I
thought well if I if I run away from it
I can lower the frequency by kind of
Doppler affecting the whole thing but I
don't think I could run fast enough so
it still sounded like Laurel I think we
yeah we ran this one down yeah now about
net neutrality Senate just passed
resolution to reinstate title to net
neutrality rules what does this fight
look like in the house doesn't look good
yeah it doesn't look good it's great
that it got out of the Senate but I
think it's hard to imagine a path of it
getting out of the house yeah that's
kind of what I've been seeing yeah
you've been doing a lot of reading on
this today are you feeling us yeah
actually pessimistic as we are about the
house yes senator seemed to be really
excited and happy that you know this
happened today with them and they had
some bipartisan support some support
from Republicans too who wanted to
debate it and you know wanted to repeal
the rule or the change to the rules but
yeah it all the outlook that I've been
reading does not look so great for the
house yeah you know just you need
Boehner not just some I mean look
there's probably enough votes in the
house as this is sure on a number of
issues it's probably enough votes in the
house to save net neutrality but not
enough Republican votes to convince the
Republican leadership to bring it up
bring it up right okay well also we have
a lot of big stories today a lot of big
story today preview of a newsletter
that's why we got the large diet cokes
you know thanks to garage now so what in
the dust sorry sorry
can't get diet cokes sure I'm an intern
but I'm too busy - busy - busy honestly
you know what I was an intern once and
someone said to me get diet cokes you
know I did I said sure
I'm sure I'm not sorry I got a lot on my
plate right now unbelievable he did he
really did have to do so there are
some documents released today yeah what
in the documents what is in the document
about the Trump Tower meeting and how is
John jr. not indicted yet so there were
2500 pages of documents and I would be
lying if I pretended I have read close
to all of them but a headline out of
this early is that essentially Trump jr.
Donald Trump Jr's lawyers from the Trump
family found foundation the Trump family
organization jumped in and got involved
really early he was trying to coordinate
everyone's story which you know is not
the like most innocent vibe thing you
know it's a you know it's a great thing
about the truth it coordinates its the
other document I loved was the mooch
reaching out to Rob Goldstone or I
believe who coordinated the whole
meeting and Trump Tower with the Russian
layer you know just in case they wanted
to get together my friends yeah I think
he's the word envision and correctly
there's a lot of stupidity hmm great
they're all criminals
next question all right okay so the
connections between the Trump
Organization and ZTE Terry Haynes wants
to know if and how that violates the
emoluments clause
how can they be getting away with
something that directly benefits at real
Donald Trump yeah so basically this
story is Donald Trump we have oh and
Hyundai what's happening here
so basically the u.s. is in this you
know Trump manufactured trade war
there's a company called ZTE they
manufacture phones they've been
violating Paul what is its trade policy
sanctions because I'm on the North Korea
sanctions right but also they are a
company that we don't trust to make the
phones without yeah I mean there there's
a there's a review process of the
government under goes were you worried
about like critical infrastructure and
technology so there's a Chinese company
called Huawei that's been cited as you
know the Chinese government has
connected the companies so they could
put a backdoor into that technology that
allow their spy networks to get into it
so anyway Donald Trump steps in and says
we have to do everything we can to save
these ZTE jobs because because these
sanctions are coming down too hard on
the on the Chinese middle class out of
nowhere out of nowhere I have nowhere so
Sunday right yeah and just so clearly
something had I don't know crossed into
his field of vision somehow who knows so
he sends this out and then lo and behold
we find out that Donald Trump has just
within the day or before after gotten
what a five hundred million dollar loan
loan so does this violate the ammonia
Malia's clause Trump is violating the
emoluments cause every single day he's
doing it people also forget by the way
the emolia's Clause says foreign foreign
money or also this states so basically
the emoluments clause is being violated
left and right i my Hatters it's
enchanted adders your mom's clothes are
very very sad it's very much abused
almost as abused as the interstate
commerce clause to causes that have just
gotten the kicked out some great
clauses though but anyway yeah so he is
it seems like there won't be very many
consequences again because Republicans
in Congress do not want there to be
consequences I find that like I've been
thinking about this a lot that basically
it's so hard to understand Donald
Trump's motivations because there can be
political motivations for what he's
doing there could be personal corruption
motivations he could be blackmailed by
the Russians he could also have some
kind of vendetta or personal
relationship we don't understand so
basically like I've been trying to sort
Donald Trump's motivations into four
buckets which are he
Mystikal political ideological or
financial basically the corrupt ones and
basically we don't know so it's just
sort of look at those four and say
alright seems like there's some kind of
politics going on because there is
ongoing negotiations with China over our
kind of trade policy with China it seems
like he also has a personal financial
stake in this beyond that we really
don't know this is one of those want
weird bank-shot ones where it's it's a
project that the Trump Organization is
working on in Indonesia that got a five
hundred million dollar loan from an
entity backed by the Chinese government
so it helps explain why he would send
this weird ZTE tweet helps explain why
he would coddle the president of
Indonesia who is a horrific human rights
abuser and all-around awful
authoritarian guy so you know I think
your buckets are really good and a lot
of them you know I think this is one of
those moments where I imagine that the
corruption is deeper and more brazen
than we ever thought possible like
literal Michael cone you had a kickback
50% of that you know 1.2 million dollar
fee you got to fake Lobby me from
Novartis or whatever like everything
feels possible allegedly yes all right
on to the next one this one is from
Amanda she says I feel like we get ten
new breaking stories a day about crimes
connected to the Trump administration
Amanda that's correct
what percentage of those are at like
6:00 p.m. on Friday afternoon when
you're trying to catch a flight or like
maybe leave the office for eight a lot
of like an outsize number of them are
but she wants you to give it to us
straight do you think anything is gonna
come of any of this aside from me going
crazy trying to document and do you
think we as a country have become numb
to these revelations and that he'll get
away with it all that's a great question
things are already coming up these
things I think like you know don't be
disheartened like there is an ultimate
obviously there is an ultimate
consequence we want which is for Donald
Trump to no longer be president we don't
know what will lead to Donald Trump no
longer being president there are many
many positive concept positive steps
negative consequences for Donald Trump
and his goons that can happen before
that they're already happening we have
what I think it I don't even know it's
more than
dozen indictments at this point I don't
can keep track of all the indictments
you mostly ninety-nines we got the
Russians you have multiple people
pleading guilty or facing charges
you have ongoing Senate investigations
that seem at least semi legitimate you
have ongoing criminal investigations
both in New York and because of robert
muller you have a special counsel that
has has gotten incredible amounts of
information a testimony of breaking news
every day that's causing the White House
to respond just just today we got a
financial document disclosure from
Donald Trump saying that he did in fact
pay stormy Daniels 130,000 dollars oops
I was lying for six months so things are
coming of this we know a lot more every
day we know more you know we saw those
that Washington Post story a New York
Times story that happened around the
same time one that dove into Michael
cones finances one that douve into
Donald Trump's finances we are getting
further and further into the story and
like each of these revelations in the
special counsel and each of these news
stories kind of turn over one more
puzzle piece and we start to get a
better picture of what we're looking at
so things are coming of it you know it's
not as faster as consequential as you
want it to be but what is what is in his
life you know but for real like maybe
move ups in these deadlines it's like 2
p.m. Pacific time to write about it the
next day I think it's nice that you get
it and it's like all the day's news most
of the time well that's true all the
day's news most of the time newsletters
dog-eat-dog
crooked comm slash newsletters I just go
to quickie com something will pop up you
mean I didn't be able to close it
honestly till you sign up we're working
on that too the website it's a work in
progress we're a small company we're a
start-up we're doing the best we can we
don't have venture money all right we
don't have a pair leave a bathroom leave
it alone yeah you know we got we have we
have we have just we get you most of the
news from our office that has a working
bathroom most of it look a pipe exploded
it ruined the kitchen and then one
downstairs yeah so now they're drilling
down there a drill could start at any
moment because they are replacing all
the downstairs because of the flooding
that happened from upstairs the bottom
line is it's subscribed to what a day
someone needs to pave the bong store
that has been closed because of our pipe
well no one think of the head shop
Branka weights really fun having you
here so much great thanks
what did that alright mark wants to know
if you guys have anything to say about
Mark Warner and Geena Haspel I'm a
little bummed I'm a little bummed in
Mark Warner I'm a little bummed at
Democrats on the committee I'm sure Gina
Haspel will be good at being CIA
director knows how to lead the
organization has great experience
there's so many people you could choose
to do that job you don't need to pick
someone who literally oversaw a black
site
torture is wrong it's immoral it's
illegal as a stain on our history we
shouldn't be pulling back that legacy
and and having those individuals lead
our the CIA up I don't think
there's like if I were senator I don't
think there's anything Gina Haspel could
have said in those hearings that could
have changed my mind
I would have listened but I don't think
there's anything that could have gotten
me to vote yes however I do know
something that certainly would have
gotten people to vote no which is she
was asked the question was the program
work Kamala Harris
I think asked such a smart line of
questioning and just as also just
senators and members of Congress need to
learn to ask tough questions instead of
bloviating and issuing dumb melodramatic
speeches and what no one gives a
about your speeches I cannot
stand it when you have an important
writer and you're given seven minutes to
ask questions and you spend three of
them giving a speech that's fine ask a
question get some news think about it
there's lawyers everywhere sit around
with a group of lawyers come up with an
interesting line of question and make
some news not with the words you wrote
before the hearing but by getting
something out of the person sitting in
front of you so comma hearts did a great
job of doing that and I think you know
it was a one-two punch right it's step
one would you approve of doing things
that are immoral the answer is no and
step two was the torture program immoral
she refused to say so yeah she did
really let up on the questioning which I
thought was great really great stick to
it and make her answer right so I don't
know I actually don't understand why
Gina Haspel wouldn't answer that
question correctly she obviously knows
it was immoral or maybe she doesn't
which is worse I don't know what's worse
I know profusing to say it or actually
believing it but either way I thought it
was disqualifying and you know who
agrees with me John
 McCain and I don't understand
why more Democrats couldn't muster the
same moral fortitude of John McCain
because if that's not someone who can
give you the cover you need to make a
tough vote I don't know what is and you
people that have voted for him will get
nothing for it you should be next one
this is for Tommy about the alleged fall
with North Korea what are the smartest
next steps for the Trump administration
smartest dig a hole put up canned goods
and water in it and then have a little
tap code so if someone you know come
duct-tape trash bags like the hefty ones
no I mean like you know with the giant
caveat that no one knows unless you're
Kim jong-un the smart people I've talked
to you today think that it doesn't
necessarily seem like they're blowing up
the negotiations pun intended it seems
like they know that Trump really really
wants a deal he staked all his
credibility he's literally talking about
himself getting the Nobel Peace
Prize right so he is more invested in
this than they do and he also has his
team out there giving discord in
interviews on Sunday shows on the same
day about what they're asking for so
there probably is softening him up and
they're probably putting these military
exercises into the conversation for
things that are on the table at the
negotiations if and when they happen the
the smart folks I talked to think the
negotiations will happen it's just gonna
take maybe a little concession here or
