welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
I'm dan hyper today on the pod we're
going to talk about the fact that the
President of the United States has been
implicated in a felony jeffrey toobin of
CNN and the New Yorker will join us to
talk about the legal implications while
the two of us will scream into the
microphone about the political
implications big pod today dan big pod
it's very excited about this and it's
about midday Tuesday few housekeeping
items on pods save the world this week
Tommy talks with former acting CIA
director Mike Morell about President
Trump's decision to revoke the security
clearances of former officials like John
Brennan Morell explains why this
decision to politicize intelligence is
so risky and why some spy operations are
so sensitive and closely held that
former officials like John may be the
only ones who can explain them to the
new CIA team so check that out in the
latest episode of crooked conversations
ben rhoades talks to Tommy about
Benghazi and how that moment led to
Trump as president and what it's like
running the deep state as Ben does it's
the final insult his trial that sent him
to get mo so yeah let's go that yeah we
should we should cut that or not oh no
let's definitely vit in it's the final
installment of Ben's series of
conversations this month exploring the
deep state now exploring the issues and
theme central to his memoir the worlds
it is it was a fantastic series on
crooked convos and if you haven't heard
enough of Ben Rhodes you can hear him on
episode 10 of the wilderness which is
about one of his very favorite subjects
the blob
our nickname for the foreign policy
establishment in Washington DC the whole
episode explores how Democrats can avoid
conventional thinking on foreign policy
and what a new era of American
leadership might look like fantastic
episode check it out okay tonight before
we move on tell the good news tonight
bull it'll smoke up your ass please do
though always time for that yeah let's
swap it into the outline in the last
minute here look I did I just want to
say as not just a friend
and colleague of many years but just as
someone who consumes a ton of political
media that the wilderness is just superb
it really is I do it is just like it is
some of it is the kind of content that
we do not get about politics it is both
it is contextualizing it is smart and
includes this incredibly diverse array
of voices within our party and it takes
on a lot of really hard questions that
not just about our party but also about
what we were involved in and where Obama
succeeded and where he didn't it's just
it's really in addition to the fact that
it was my daughter to sleep which is a
huge bonus but it is honest class yeah
but it is a really it's really a
tremendous achievement and you should be
very proud of it well thank you very
much positive America listeners go check
it out I know there's a whole bunch of
you that haven't heard it yet and that's
okay it doesn't have to it doesn't fit
with the news cycle so you can check it
out at any time if you're looking for
some content on a sleepy Sunday check it
out
but yeah it would be I don't think
you'll be disappointed and if you are
you can yell at me about it
okay let us get to the news on Tuesday
Donald Trump's personal lawyer Michael
Cohen pled guilty in a New York
courthouse to federal crimes that image
I that again play guilty in a New York
courthouse to federal crimes that
implicated the President himself is an
unindicted co-conspirator to multiple
illegal campaign contributions while
this was happening in the same couple of
minutes
a jury in Alexandria found Trump's
former campaign manager Paul Manafort
guilty of eight counts of financial
crimes a massive development into
Special Counsel Robert Muller's
investigation which has issued more than
a hundred criminal counts against 32
people and three companies that has now
led to guilty pleas or convictions that
include Trump's campaign manager Trump's
deputy campaign manager Trump's national
security adviser Trump's personal lawyer
and Trump's foreign policy advisor so
many witches dan where were you with
this all went down and what were your
first reactions
I was home and as I am Austin these days
and I was watching it it was like a
quadruple screen experience I had CNN on
I had I was following Twitter on my
phone I had my laptop up so that the
multiple conversations were happening
either on the kirkin media slacks are in
various Obama Alumni Tech's chains just
the minute five minute just accounting
of what's going to happen there were
highs and lows there were moments in
which we thought man F what was going to
get off and that what Cohen would agree
to or testify to it would be much less
significant than this and it we
basically was the political equivalent
of what most of else of America does
when there's a really exciting car chase
happening it was riveting it was
absolutely riveting one of those moments
were you needed a whole bunch of screens
in front of you because there needs to
be like a screen for each Trump official
who was being indicted you needed the
you needed the iPad you need the phone
no it was fight the slack channel was
funny a crooked media because we had
quite a roller coaster of emotion there
at the you know at the beginning said oh
this is gonna be good and then they were
like well Cohen's not going to cooperate
he's just gonna plead guilty and and
then you were very dark and then Brian
boiler said it's going to be a good day
but it was it we decided that it was
very good that you were pessimistic
about the whole thing because when you
were pessimistic previously which is
most of your life we won two
presidential elections when you suddenly
briefly became optimistic in 2016 we
lost so it's good to see you back at the
dark side again yeah yeah I tried on
just a brief brief moment when her and
went horribly wrong I do think never
seen the thirty first thirty called June
7th 1994 about like this day in sports
when all these crazy things happen it
was opening the world Co yeah I don't
see no but I know of his own yeah and
there's a there was a Stanley Cup gaming
that it all was overshadowed by the OJ
chase right and like this did it this
like yet Tuesday felt like the political
version of that day it was all happening
at runtime and moments that I think
as we think about the Trump era if it is
not if he did not cancel all the
elections and just be rule was a
intemperate dictator for the rest of his
life we will look back at this is this
pivot number all these really really
important things happened across the
board like it was not even we'll talk
about some business but there were like
things that would have led the news in
any other scenario right that we're
buried if they happen on this day this
were was Christ's own crimes own crimes
so let's go through each of Tuesday's
developments from big deal to bigger
deal the biggest deal first
molar and Michael Flynn jointly
requested this week that Flynn
sentencing be delayed this was
definitely under the radar after
everything else that happened Flynn
Trump's former national security adviser
has admitted to lying to the FBI and has
been cooperating with Muller since late
last year something people forget and
the filing seems to indicate that Flynn
still has information that could be
useful to Muller's investigation and is
still providing that information which
is why they are delaying the sentencing
the other possibility I guess for
delaying the sentencing is that the
sentencing would reveal something that
Muller does not want to be made public
yet anything else interesting on the
Flynn thing for you Dan well I think
it's just we live in a world of
cascading crimes that we sometimes
forget about the other crimes and so
it's worth noting that when what he
knows about right addition to being a
foreign policy of our search from
throughout the campaign at the time in
which collusion is been alleged he is
also someone who is very close to Russia
and very close to the Russians
and most importantly and like this
should remain one of the biggest most
controversial and biggest red flags I
ministration we forget about it is that
a long time ago is that Clinton was
intimately involved in having
conversations with the Russians before
after Trump won that before he was sworn
in about potentially undoing the
sanctions that Obama had put in place to
sanction Russia for help neutral
the election and also the opening of a
secret back channel where between the
Russians and Kushner to help of a US law
enforcement intelligence services these
are huge red flags think that Flynn has
first-person knowledge of and that he's
apparently telling Muller about so like
we forget about Flynn because we're so
focused on Cohen and metaphor but in the
rush of part of the investigation he is
sort of the rosetta stone yes yes I
would say that opening a back-channel of
communication to the hostile foreign
government that influenced our election
with the purpose of electing Donald
Trump is certainly a red flag involved
in a plot to kidnapped a Turkish citizen
on American soil and returns in Turkey
for money so there's there's also been
kidnapping
ransom for hire stand all that he was
allegedly involved in who hasn't been
involved in a little kidnapping plot
right that goes on to serve in the
highest level of the government I mean
this hat you know how many national
security advisers Tom Donnellan he had a
couple of those I know okay let's uh
let's move on to manna fort who was
convicted on eight of 18 counts a list
of charges that included five counts of
tax fraud two counts of bank fraud and
one count of failing to disclose a
foreign bank account the jury couldn't
come to an agreement on the other ten
counts because apparently there was one
holdout everyone was 11 to one on all
the other ten counts but there was one
holdout and so basically the government
now has to decide whether they want to
retry those ten counts but even if they
don't even if they choose not to the
pain certainly isn't over for manna fort
who was also set to stand trial next
month in Washington DC on more than half
a dozen other charges including
conspiracy to launder money failure to
register as a foreign agent and
obstruction of justice Trump tweeted on
Wednesday that he feels quote very badly
for Manta Ford and his family quote this
is his tweet and then he put of course
this words in quotation marks as you do
justice took a twelve-year-old tax case
among other things applied tremendous
pressure on him and unlike Michael Cohen
he refused to quote break make and then
he said make up stories in order to get
a quote deal such respect for a brave
man a large number of counts 10 could
not even be decided we of course first
of all one big lie and that whole thing
was it wasn't a twelve-year-old tax case
the fraud was committed in 2016
among couple of other years 2014-2015
and of course we also heard on Fox News
when Donald Trump sat down for an
interview there he he basically didn't
say yes or no when asked whether he was
a considering a pardon for Manta for he
just said you know he's been treated
very fairly and sort of demurred dan how
big of a deal is the Manta Ford
conviction and what do you think comes
next here I mean it is just worth noting
that the president's campaign manager
who stayed in touch with the
administration and tried to it was in
the position of influencing
administration hires
was convicted of eight felonies in
stands trial for more the president's
campaign manager is a convicted felon
now insert the names David Plouffe Robby
Mook and the Republican Party would be
filing impeachment articles against
Barack Obama or a hypothetical president
Hillary Clinton this is this is a giant
deal on its face even if it tells us
nothing else about collusion the you
know potential campaign finance
violations talked about shortly there
was nothing else the president the
United States has the disturbing habit
of hiring and hanging out with criminals
and that should race that should also
read some red flags the American people
like I don't know how many criminals you
hang out with I mean so you know one one
of the many Trump reactions and what
Trump White House reactions to the Manta
Ford news is well these were you know
these were crimes he committed that have
nothing to do with Russia
forget about Russian it has nothing to
do with Russia collusion and
everything's supposed to be a Russian
inclusion and and that isn't even true
right so our friend norm Eisen and a few
others wrote this op-ed in the New York
Times they said the trial evidence
included mr. Mandor for its close ties
to pro-russia forces and his desperate
financial straits as he volunteered his
time for the next president he offered
briefings to a pro-russian sorry
he offered briefings to a pro Russia
Ukrainian all
gark and dangled a position in the Trump
administration in front of a banker who
provided him a loan for which he would
not otherwise have qualified so it does
seem like with this trial and with these
charges
Moeller is setting up a story here about
Paul Manafort as this person who was
deeply in debt to pro-russia forces and
then out of the blue said with all this
debt that I have I am gonna volunteer
for free to work on the Trump campaign
and help them and also by the way of
course he was in charge of the
Republican National Convention that year
and the platform and instrumental in
changing the platform to a more
pro-russia platform when a whole bunch
of other Republicans and conservatives
in the party disagreed so a lot of
coincidences there I guess yeah just
when you say when you tell that story
that you just told which we lose in the
moment-by-moment Twitter outrageous and
the things that happened it is an
incredibly compelling and concerning
story that you know this like we've said
this a thousand times but it is not
always true that when there's smoke
there's fire but there has never been in
the history of time this much smoke and
no fire yeah so the question what
happens next to manna for his defense
attorney Kevin downing said that his
client is quote evaluating all of his
options at this point I don't I don't
know how much time that's gonna take the
problem is with for manna fort is he has
less leverage now because he has already
been found guilty on eight counts and
the amount of jail time he could get for
those eight counts even at the least is
looking at you know seven eight nine 10
years the guy 70 years old it's a very
easily he could be looking at a life
sentence here so and that's even before
the second trial he's about to have in
DC where the evidence is even more
overwhelming and now he goes into that
trial having already been convicted of
eight counts which doesn't really help
so he seems pretty yeah he's got
his three choices it seems like go to
jail for the rest of his life cooperate
and go to jail for a good portion of
rest of his life or hold out hope that
Donald Trump will pardon him he seems to
be leaning to the latter and Donald
Trump through his mistress craisins is
also imagine this world where another
president's campaign manager was
convicted of eight felonies for tax
evasion and the immediate reaction of
the president was to tweet nice things
about them and it seems like if you're
Paul Manafort you see that's really like
maybe I hold that a little hunger I'll
be pardoned and therefore spend none of
the rest of my life in jail and so
there's a chance he will he may take
that path that seems to be the path that
he has been on to the beginning and it
is also worth memory because we can
never remember all the things that
happened is that we know from reporting
that John Dowd when he was Trump's
attorney spoke to Michael Flynn's
attorney and raised the prospect of
pardons
and so it is also possible that someone
close to close to Trump or one of trumps
attorneys has raised the prospect of
pardons for manna port as well so he may
he may be wait I mean it's this is
regulation but it but he very likely
could be waiting for someone who to wait
for Trump to do who was already pardoned
people like Joe Arpaio and Dinesh
D'Souza so part pardoning horrible
people is something that he seems pretty
calm for what and look we're gonna talk
about sort of what happens if Trump does
part and Manta for it but even before we
get there it's worth asking why Trump
thinks it's a good move to pardon Manta
for when pardoning him will help Paul
Manafort obviously but it doesn't help
Donald Trump in the sense that if Paul
Manafort is pardoned by Donald Trump
Paul Manafort could then be compelled to
testify against Donald Trump by robert
muller and he cannot take the fifth at
that point and if he lies under oath
then he is guilty of a new crime which i
guess i guess apparently you know Donald
Trump could just Martin Paul Manafort in
perpetuity he pardons him he testifies
against him Paul Manafort lies he
perjured himself he gets convicted again
Donald Trump convicts him again I guess
we could just you know pardon Paul
Manafort for
for a long time but I don't quite know
why Trump thinks it's a great idea to
Paulo - pardon Paul Manta for even aside
from the political implications of what
it looks like to pardon your former
campaign manager who basically was just
convicted of stealing 10 million dollars
from the American government by not
paying his taxes and defrauding the
government well the answer to your
question would be Donald Trump is an
idiot advised by idiots mm-hmm you know
that's always that's always your best
bet when you don't know what's going on
when you know the real answer that the
the probable explanation is we are run
by morons all right let's get to
Cohen the big the big one
Cohen admitted on Tuesday to violating
campaign finance law during the 2016
campaign when he made payments to two
women who alleged to have had affairs
with Trump and then as he stood up in
court
Cohen said that he did this for quote
the principle purpose of influencing the
election and that he was directed to
make the payments by the President of
the United States others implicated in
the court documents include the Trump
Organization American media incorporated
in the National Enquirer in one or more
members of the Trump campaign according
to The Wall Street Journal quote David
pecker the chairman of American media
Inc which publishes the National
Enquirer also provided prosecutors with
details about payments mr. Cohen
arranged with women who alleged sexual
encounters with President Trump
including mr. Trump's knowledge of the
deals so now here we are on Thursday it
is not just Michael Cohen's word against
