welcome to plod save America I'm John
Favreau
I'm I'm John Lovett
I'm Tommy Vitor on the show today we'll
be talking to the host of with friends
like these Anna Marie Cox about her trip
to the Conservative Political Action
Conference known CPAC also she thought
it was just a dream John but then when
she woke up there was sand in her bed
[Music]
guys don't forget to sign up for what a
day what a day you're even getting the
drafts you had a great newsletter so
it's our newsletter that we think and
hope is launching next week it's out of
beta its releasing on time bunch of
betas reading it right now no big deal
but it's um we're very excited about
this so sign up for the newsletter guys
if you haven't already everyone else is
doing it you're gonna be the it's just
must like the cash out the numbers are
pretty big it's the fact anyway we hope
you enjoy it oh how was speaking of love
and I was loved or leave it we had a
fantastic lover leave it in Sacramento
with Mayor Michael Tubbs friend of the
pod hmm Jenny yang Maria and Alicia
Garza who is one of the co-creators of
black lives matter it was a surprisingly
uplifting show even they were covering
some dark stuff and look we talked about
black panther we talked about the need
for a gay superhero and there's a bit of
a dispute as to whether or not people
like James Baldwin and everyday heroes
count and they don't because James
Baldwin might have been great but he
didn't shoot lasers out of his eyes hey
you know II mean so we had some of that
discussion come here an unassailable
point you know one of the things I love
about pod save-the-world the fantastic
show I host on a weekly basis is that
there's some stuff I know about already
and then sometimes I have to dig into an
issue that I knew nothing about and I
learn a ton and it blows my mind this is
one of those examples about jeans denim
types of denim
there's about Luke raft of corruption
scandals that Bibi Netanyahu thing
trouble bribes to stuff involving
submarines you will not it is
unfathomable how much trouble he's in
his family is in and what it could mean
politically unfortunately there's not a
great silver lining for what compete
politically the Israeli government
use this or move to the right in a way
that is uh I don't think good for Israel
I don't think it's good for us interest
it's certainly not good for the peace
process but listen to the episode Nathon
Guttman fills us in on everything
happening over there and it's funny
about it so check that man the bribing
of the press to try to get the good
press coverage no one told me that was
an option John I was hooked for chumps
like this recipe is pretty cool I
learned a lot from this episode and I
also was listening to it thinking like
if there wasn't a president Trump this
might be one of the bigger stories in
the world in international politics
right and the parallels between B B's
response and his party's response and
the way it broke down the partisan lines
in Israel is so similar to the u.s. so
there's a lot we can learn yeah okay
let's get to the news once I put the
student movement for gun safety and
let's start with some brand new poll
numbers from CNN back in October after
the mass shooting in Las Vegas 52% of
the American people said they supported
stricter gun laws that number is now 70%
it is the highest level since December
of 1993 after the gun control
legislation known as the Brady Bill was
signed into law by Bill Clinton among
people in gun owning households I
thought this is an interesting number
57% want stricter gun laws amazing uh
63% support a ban on high-capacity ammo
magazines that's up from 54% in October
and 57% support a ban on the manufacture
sale and possession of semi-automatic
weapons such as the air 15 that is up
from 49% in October guys we did not see
these numbers move after Vegas we
haven't seen in this high in 25 years
what is going on here everyone wants to
say that this time is different because
you want it to be because you see these
high school kids on TV in agony begging
the adults to do something but these
numbers bear out the fact that something
is different we have a chance here and
you know six and ten Americans in the
ABC poll think Congress and the
president aren't doing enough to prevent
mass shootings 77% want more effective
mental health screenings so like there
is a lot of political support that could
get behind something smart that Congress
puts forward so we have to get the
pressure on right now yeah I mean it's
important remember right the NRA talks
about there
million members or they're seven million
members or whatever the number is it's
inflated but regardless that's still a
tiny subset of the whatever 17 18
million gun-owning households in the
country and the vast majority of those
people who are not signed up for what
the NRA is or is becoming aren't on
board for the kind of extremist
maximalist position that the NRA has
taken so I think that's a reason for
hope I think the debate is changing I
don't I don't know why you know other
the only thing you can point to is the
kids because they've got it in the news
they've kept it is poll that mean they
kept about poll numbers jump all over
the place don't you get like overly
excited about this but what it goes to
show is the poll numbers haven't moved
after other mass shootings as much they
moved a little bit after Sandy Hook and
then faded away but they move poll
numbers move and public opinion moves
when people go out there and make the
argument and keep things in the news and
people and people protest and people go
to the streets and people you know
boycott things like it sometimes and I
think this is a good lesson for
Democratic politicians too is because
sometimes when you believe that nothing
can happen legislatively or that the
politics are too tough you're just like
well I might as well not talk about this
because if I talk about it's like
pushing a boulder up a hill anyway well
these kids don't give a about that
yeah they also has no but they also have
something that Democratic politicians
have not been able to wrest the
microphone away from Donald Trump only
that's right protests have right if you
look at what has been effective over the
past two years it's been the protests
after the the women's marches it has
been protests at the airport it has been
these kids so one lesson here is in a TV
medium in a in a presidency defined by
television protests is an effective way
to make your point over the long haul
which is why I think kids have been more
effective at making this argument that
even people that are committed to this
issue like Chris Murphy and other
senators because they don't have the
ability to keep the attention of the
media they don't yes and you know what
the NRA knows that they're losing and
you know how you know that because
they're sending out Dana Loesch
and Wayne LaPierre to try to make the
argument about the media they're saying
the mainstream media loves mass
shootings they're doing what Trump does
which try to make it about elites and
fake news and liberalism
it's a garbage disgusting disgraceful
thing to say about the press but we
shouldn't get chased down that rabbit
hole we should keep talking about the
need for common-sense gun safety laws
because the data shows that if there are
fewer guns out there fewer people get
shot it sounds pretty simple but people
dispute this all the time yeah let's go
to that point the other you know enemy
they have now is Broward County Sheriff
Scott Israel blue lives matter John
whose Department had received multiple
calls about the shooter and his deputy
Scott Peterson resigned after the
revelation that he chose not to enter
the school while the shooter was inside
Trump our president this morning said
he'd have run in there even without a
gun
seems like it would have been difficult
when Spurs but hey Kindergarten Cop was
a movie okay there was an actual cop
there with a gun who didn't do anything
because it's hard and scary and
terrifying the situation tell you that
we should arm teachers now as a panacea
so I can't believe where well we
Republic a ting it they want it both
sides this thing and they want to say
Democrats are being so soft on this
sheriff now and Bob look you know there
should be a full investigation of what
the happened and that shows and
anyone who was responsible who didn't do
their job what they were supposed to be
doing obviously should be punished and
they should be asking themselves instead
of just figuring out exactly who to
blame they should figure what the
do we need to do in the Broward County
Sheriff's Office so that next time you
get multiple calls about someone this
never happens again yeah of course but
that doesn't mean we shouldn't talk
about gun laws - yeah there's
not a kid home with a kid had a knife we
wouldn't have had that many lives lost
if the kid had maybe just a handgun we
would've had that many lives lost so
like give me a break we're not
gonna win some issue we're now gonna
have to make it about you know all about
the Broward County Sheriff we should
just be Commodore position yeah it seems
like there were way too many red flags
it seems like they screwed up a bunch
that guy didn't go in it seems like the
law enforcement screwed up in in
stopping this at every single step of
the way yeah absolutely it seems pretty
clear that that happened what does that
have to do with having millions and
millions of ar-15s in in circulation in
reach of troubled kids that exist in
100% of places in America every day
armed security guards there were in the
Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas and nothing
happened
 the hypocrisy of every time
there is an unarmed African Americans
shot we we chant blue lives matter and
in this instance because this guy came
out and the chair came out opposed the
NRA s position they are now pounding him
it is notable yeah that said yes we
should figure out what the hell went
wrong and figured out but we should at a
federal level and even at a state level
we should focus on building the movement
infrastructure needed to pass gun
control it says also it's like the NRA
can make their point that that we need
better mental health screening even
though they never supported the
background check someone have you they
can make the point that this should have
been stopped by this Sheriff's
Department okay how how high do we want
those stakes to be right it's right it's
now we've now said okay it is now on
local law enforcement to find these kids
if they don't they don't make it bomb
threat anymore they don't show up at
school with a knife no no they can kill
dozens of people that is the stakes we
were putting on every single Police
Department in the country
yeah and it's and it's completely
unnecessary so it's not just poll
numbers that are moving more than a
dozen companies most of the rental car
companies Delta United have now cut ties
with the NRA saying they would end the
partnership programs where they offered
certain discounts to NRA members
conservatives are very upset about this
guys Republicans are very upset you know
I said what if companies started
boycotting Planned Parenthood what would
you do and also you know some analyst
reporters have questioned this I saw
Andrew Kozinski's an excellent report on
CNN say I don't know if this will have
the intended effect those on the left
want the campaign is to make the NR a
toxic to corporations but it will also
probably harden the views of millions of
law-abiding gun owners who see the NRA
is their voice seemed pretty hardened
those views yeah right I mean like it's
a reflection of the fact in 2016 people
care about corporate values and I
personally think that that's a good
thing
corporations as soulless money vacuums
hasn't necessarily worked out for us
over time I'd there may be instances
where there's a boycott that I don't
love but like this is a reflection of
where consumers are and it's also I
think it's useful to show the NRA isn't
all powerful and to be able to pick
these core
operations off one-by-one and get them
to walk away from it and funny to watch
you know huffy conservatives who mocked
Democrats are being snowflakes get upset
that they have to switch from United the
Delta and give me a break
so it's it's about it's about what the
NRA has turned into too it is not a it's
not a gun fellowship group called it on
Twitter they write it is look at their
 hats go to NRA TV it they are
they are the most it's not even good to
call them partisan they are basically
they're inciting they're trying to
incite violence they are trying to make
one half of America hate the other half
of America and say to people because you
hate them so much because those people
are hate you so much and are coming
after you Hollywood liberals brocco bomb
all the rest of them you should probably
buy some guns because by the way the but
gun manufacturers or who we've really
worked for yeah and that's what we want
to do that's what they are let's be
honest it's also I wouldn't want to be
associated with that if you're a company
it's also about separating the facts and
substance of the debate over gun control
from gun control measures if if if a
debate is about the facts and substance
of gun ownership and gun control there's
quite reasonable compromises you can
reach that people can have arsenals in
their homes and continue to enjoy
hunting and shooting and all the ways in
which they enjoy using guns while
putting in some common-sense reforms
that wouldn't be seen as a defeat for
them but they need to make every single
act of gun control a partisan defeat
that's something that is a that attacks
they are kind of token that's why that's
why they need to make sure a ar-15s are
kept in circulation because now it's not
just about sort of the balance between
freedom and responsibility it's about
this thing as a symbol of freedom that's
the first thing the second thing is
those even those conservatives I think
couldn't didn't really articulate why
they were bothered by the fact that the
NRA was losing these discounts right
basically the equivalent like triple-a
discounts nothing to get do matter they
don't really matter I also a lot of
these guys these conservatives these
conservatives on Twitter like just
columnist in DC who have the same
capacity for firing guns as like I do
for bobsledding right they don't have
any connection to this but they need to
they want to be mad about it because
it's basically saying the NRA isn't a
normal group anymore that there's a
certain point which I don't mind if you
know this is about you know Planned
Parenthood and has partnerships with
with
with Airlines some conservatives groups
have partnerships with with corporations
I don't have a problem with that what
this is saying is the NRA no longer
deserves to be treated like a
respectable respectable organization
that can have discounts and and and
little little little promotions with
with restaurants and what-have-you
because their behavior now crosses a
line into something that is completely
unacceptable to our society and that is
the part that they can't accept they go
out there they said the media loves mass
shootings they say you know the it's
it's absurd they're not a just
don't even a lobbying organization
anymore and their solution to the
problem of 17 kids getting shot is one
designed to have hundreds of thousands
of more guns purchased two armed
teachers it's the maximalist cynical
position and we should just call for
what is and also by the way I know that
was also one of those dumb debates not
had the people railing about this had no
idea that they were NRA discount nobody
knew they were NRA discounts at Hertz
rent-a-car and then about a half the NRA
members had no idea they were Hertz
there that discount Hertz rent-a-car and
now these guys are on Twitter being like
well I guess I'll have to go to
enterprise now sorry I will never oh you
know what I want to also ask these
conservatives about these boycotts that
they've declared on Twitter what do you
keep a list
bull-fucking-shit two years from now
you're gonna remember that you tweeted
during this thing give me a break
nobody's remember any of this nobody in
the number of people if people were
cutting to the extent they claim to be
boycotting on Twitter the economy would
grind to help we'd be trading in oranges
Sean Hannity throwing the keurig out the
window so where else can we apply
pressure you know people are trying to
pressure Amazon Apple TV and other video
streaming sources and platforms to stop
carrying and our a TV great keep doing
it again go watch the has with
Dana wash and some of the other ones
they're scary as hell and where else can
we apply pressure some people talked
about banks Bank of America has said
that they're gonna look at their
relationships with some gun
manufacturers other they said it in the
most careful corporate PR way so who
knows what will happen there and gun
Mack you know Dan talk to this on
Thursday pods sorry Dan talked about
this on Thursday's plot gun
manufacturers themselves I mean the the
big enemy here is not because the NRA
ultimately is not representing gun owner
they are representing gun manufacturers
they want to try to sell more guns and
it is gun manufacturers that we should
be putting pressure on in that we should
try to cut off their sources of funding
and all the other stuff that's that's
what we're that's the big goal quick
shout-out to Think Progress and sleeping
giants who've done incredible work
calling out these companies and starting
movements to get people to pressure them
keep it up let's talk about legislation
so in Florida Rick Scott wants to pass a
law raising the minimum wage to buy any
firearm from 18 to 21 strengthen rules
to keep weapons away from people with
mental health problems domestic abusers
and stalkers prospects of this he is
disagreeing with the legislature in
Florida over a few things he Scott
doesn't want a three day waiting period
the legislature does Scott doesn't want
to arm teachers broke from Trump on this
the legislature the legislature does so
the plan isn't enough but it breaks from
the NRA and Trump Trump in the
Republican Congress meanwhile are most
likely to consider the corn and Murphy
bill that we've talked about it gives
States incentives to submit criminal
conviction records to the federal
background check system ole will any of
this get done guys
you know I don't think we know I think
the future isn't written I hope so I
think it is possible I just want one
point on these uh the arming teachers
thing I I don't think there's been an
issue like this in a very long time
where it's one of those things where
