all right joining me today on pods day
of the world is one of my favorite
guests ben rhodes former deputy national
security advisor for strategic
communications a crooked contributor and
a good friend of mine who is still
fighting the good fight in washington DC
Ben it's great to have you on could I be
with you coming I mean I wanted to talk
today about the ongoing protests in Iran
because there are the events that are
happening on the ground there are the
sort of looks back to the protests in
June of 2009 when you and I were both
sitting in the White House there's a
policy debate around the Iran deal and
then there's the general sort of
insanity that infects Washington DC
whatever the word Iran is uttered so I
figured you were the perfect guy to to
talk through this with um so first on
the protests themselves I want to try to
outline what it is we know with the
caveat that I'm not in Iran you're not
in Iran neither of us have been to Iran
the likelihood that with this many
protesters on the streets there's a
variety of reasons why people are there
and doing what they do so huge caveat
huge dose of humility here about the
efficacy of diagnosing foreign political
upheaval from the US but according to
news reports there are protests in
dozens of cities the reportedly 21
protest protesters have been killed that
number is probably greater than what's
reported unlike you mean unlike the
protests in Iran in 2009 that were
focused with middle class or urban areas
these have been largely young people in
rural areas that tend to be more
conservative and strong backers of the
Islamic regime so that's notable
according to the New York Times and a
great reporter there named Thomas Terry
brink the catalyst for this anger is a
leaked reportedly a leaked budget
document that showed the military and
elite religious institutions are getting
a whole bunch of money billions of
dollars while subsidies to the poor are
getting cut and fuel prices are
increasing so that sparked a sort of
understandable outrage Ayatollah
Khamenei has blamed the protesters and
blamed the protests on outside enemies
President rouhani has appealed for calm
while saying that the protester should
be heard
leaving anything out here and is the
mere fact that people are taken to the
streets in these numbers significant or
is it just soon too soon to know really
anything definitive about what's
happening well you know speaking with
the humility of having you know lived
through many protests in that part of
the world I think we always have to be
careful about both diagnosing the cause
of protests and also predicting where
they may lead yeah I do think what is
clear is there is pent-up frustration in
Iran about economic circumstances and
the corruption inside of Iran there is a
sense what I'd add to your summary Tommy
is you know I think Iranians have seen
that they've been spending a lot of
money in places like Lebanon and Syria
places outside of Iran and in that
budget document it basically
demonstrates that both the military and
the clerical institutions you know are
getting a big cut of the budgetary pie
at a time when things are getting worse
for you know kind of working poor and in
some ways it's it you know it's a it's
inequality it's a basic frustration and
inequality and corruption that we've
seen in many countries around the world
so it's familiar in that regard yeah
you're right what's different is 2009
was largely middle-class protests in
response to an election that was seem to
be flawed
and there was flawed frankly and here
this is more organic and less there's
less leadership and 2009 you had the
green movement and you had identifiable
leaders of the green movement
politicians here it really is kind of an
outburst of anger and frustration from
more of the working poor and people in
different Iranian cities not just in
Tehran yeah interesting makeup of
protesters obviously ongoing but but
everyone is watching the world is
watching including President Trump who
was doing what he does and he has been
tweeting here's one example quote the
people of Iran are finally acting
against the brutal and corrupt Iranian
regime
all of the money that President Obama so
foolishly gave them went into terrorism
and into their pockets the people of
little food big inflation and no human
rights the u.s. is watching rouhani
responded some of those sweet saying
Trump has no right to criticize a-rod
since he's called them terrorists and
has locked them out of the country and
is constantly trying to sanction them um
how do you think tweets like that
comments from the United States will be
received in Iran helpful unhelpful
what's your take from from afar yeah and
you know there's a lot to unpack there
but we'll get to the Iran deal later the
you know frankly I don't think that they
matter much you know we tend to make all
of these events about ourselves
Trump always makes every event about
himself you know I frankly I think if
there was one thing that most people in
Iran would agree with it's that they you
know don't care much for Donald Trump
and they don't think that Donald Trump
should you know be interfering in in
their politics and the risk of course is
that if he tries to make the protesters
in Iran look like an extension of you
know the Trump administration or the
Trump administration's agenda that you
know undermines their legitimacy in a
way because what is powerful about this
is it's irani ins everything that
they're fed up they're not acting on
behalf of a foreign power they're not
acting even on behalf of you know a
political agenda that could be set by
the United States they're just people
saying we want more control over our
lives we want more resources more
opportunity less corruption you know
frankly a more democratic society and
that you know the government reflects
their their needs and so I you know I
think you can over read you know how
much impact it has it certainly doesn't
have a positive impact because I don't
think the protesters are looking to
Donald Trump's Twitter feed for
inspiration here and you know the again
the risk is we know the play that the
Ayatollah will run he'll say that these
are agents of the foreign power their
agents the United States there's no
reason to kind of give them that
ammunition but you know frankly I think
Donald Trump is not very relevant to the
current internal politics
of Iran and you know making the mistake
of presuming that this is somehow about
him and not just about the frustrations
of the Iranian people yeah you spent a
lot of time in the Situation Room in the
Oval Office thinking about talking about
policy options that the US could take
during protests like this comments the
President or the administration could
make and even you know covert actions
that the CIA or or you know the Intel
agencies could do do you think when you
think back on that time and those
debates and discussions and what you
guys did or didn't do
is there anything is there an action is
there a policy that the administration
could take that would be helpful to the
protesters or is it just not about the
u.s. I think that generally speaking
most Iranians want more engagement with
the West and more engagement even with
the United States the United States in
public opinion surveys has generally
been more well thought of in Iran than
in some of the neighboring Arab
countries which is interesting not sure
if that holds up under Trump so I think
that you know the points our maker one I
do think it's right to speak out in
support of the protest but I think it's
important to frame it as we support
universal rights we support the right to
freedom of assembly the right to freedom
of speech the right to have a government
that is not corrupt so that it doesn't
feel like we are trying to you know
control regime change in Iran to our own
needs but rather you know we're taking a
position that is principled on behalf of
universal values frankly the more you
can try to be consistent in the
application of those principles the
better so I think Trump is further
undercut by the full embrace he's given
to Sisi in Egypt and to the Saudi
Arabians who also have you know
authoritarian systems and don't allow
for you know freedom of assembly and
large-scale protests so I think anybody
looking at Trump's words in the region
are going to tune them out because
they're going to
that this isn't really about democracy
this is about you know how the United
States feels about the Iranian regime so
first point is a coucher support for the
protesters in support of their
fundamental human rights and aspirations
and try to apply that as consistently as
you can
recognizing that American foreign policy
perfect consistency is elusive second
though is taking steps to show that
there is a pathway towards more
engagement with the West in the United
States and so Trump's travel ban is
exactly the wrong message to send I mean
it doesn't send a message to Iranian
said as they reform and that we want to
be a part of that process we want them
to come the United States we want them
to study at American universities where
they obviously will be exposed to
different points of view so you know I'd
be looking at a menu of options to get
rid of that travel ban and frankly do
increase you know the students from Iran
who could come to the United States so
that again they're exposed to well life
on our university campuses or the
potential for to show that if Iran
evolves in a different direction there
will be incentives for that evolution
the other thing is information so we
wrestled with how do we try to provide
access to information inside of Iran are
there ways to unblock the Internet are
there ways to you know try to empower
people through technology and the US
government has a you know variety of
ways to try to do that to try to protect
some open space in areas where the
regime may be trying to crack down on
the free flow of information so that's a
another practical thing that that you
can do and and frankly at a certain
point you know dialogue you know we
don't know these people protesting and
and finding some way to engage the
Iranian people more broadly we tried to
set up for instance in the Obama
administration of virtual embassy we
also don't have an embassy but a
platform that could at least have some
form of online engagement with Iranian
people to tell them about American
values what we believe in the future we
prefer to have with Iran so you know I
think it's a mixture of criticism of the
regime
support for universal rights that we
want for all people including Iranians
and then finding two ways to engage the
type of people the young people in
particular who are who are driving this
this protest movement yeah I noticed
that uh Bibi Netanyahu also did a bit of
video wishing the Iranian people's
success in their noble quest for freedom
I would probably put that in the maybe
not helpful category I don't know about
you I think the bottom line is everybody
you know if you talk to people about
Iran and get to the diversity of views
Ron Ian's are very proud and they're
very sovereignty conscious yes a lot of
their if you talk to Ron Ian's not just
the people who you know support the
regime but you know the people that you
and I would know middle class educated
people who you know come to the United
States the you know that they'd always
bring up 1954 when the CIA sponsored a
you know a coup in Iran that reinstalled
the Shah they they're very neurotic to
external powers particularly United
States seeking to dictate their regime
and the point is that we should want the
Iranian people to make these decisions
not the supreme leader and not a farm
power and they're the ones who are
driving this process and we can find
ways to help them to give them more
space to to give them more
interconnectivity to people in the
United States and around the world but
if we make this about us and that you
know we want to this type of government
to be in place and Iran not only is that
going to be rejected by you know the
Ayatollah frankly that's not the message
that I think that people are protesting
you know are looking for they're looking
to control their own lives not to have
the United States or anybody else do
this for them right so going back in
time a little bit the Iranian green
movement started after the disputed June
2009 presidential election President
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was in power he was
particularly brutal he was facing a more
moderate Challenger and former prime
minister Moussa vu Iran a surprisingly
strong campaign given that he was seen
as a lackluster campaigner there were
very significant
regularities that you referenced earlier
Mousavi basically said it had been
stolen and he went out and declared
victory and called on his supporters to
take to the streets and then you know
hundreds of thousands of people if not
millions listened to him the protest
started peaceful they quickly got
violent because the regime dispatched
riot police and and clean plainclothes
goons called Bastide militia members who
beat protesters in the streets shot them
murdered a young woman named data we all
watched literally watched her die from a
cell phone video we were in the White
House at that time during those first 48
hours I think Obama greatly internalized
the advice you've been talking about
about how we don't want this to be about
us we wanted to about the aspirations of
the Iranian people and he didn't weigh
in publicly on the situation in the way
that a lot of observers wanted him to
can you talk about why like what what
did he say in those first that first day
of those first 48 hours that you can
recall well what I recall is it yes we
did have a you know he did have a view
that we didn't want to make the protest
it looked like an extension of the
United States we also wanted to see what
Turner would take so in other words I
think he wanted to hold open the
possibility that the protest could lead
to something more constructive you know
like an actual dialogue and some process
to look at the election when the protein
it was clear that the protests were
being met with a crackdown yeah he then
spoke out so in other words I think he
you know once we saw we saw the protest
and we wanted to see how the regime was
going to respond when we saw their
response you know he spoke out and he
continued to speak out in support of
what the green movement was trying to do
right
personally I frankly I think you know
there is nothing lost in speaking out
right away around universal values so I
don't have a I'm not I don't take an
extreme position that you know we should
not be heard from I do just think we
have to couch our language to make the
about the Iranian people and Trump and
and and some of the people who are
weighing in make Iran seem like some
extension of American domestic politics
almost you know they're talking about
Obama and the Iran deal and and you know
comes tweeting out his own speeches and
you know that is not what this is about
so again we wanted to give some space to
see what would take place and then Obama
spoke out I think there's no problem in
speaking out right away I do think what
you say and how you say it matters and
that's where I think we would obviously
be taking a different approach right
right yeah it's it's it the juxtaposing
Trump statement of Obama's statement
immediately makes it a domestic
political statement but yeah you're
right by June 15th Obama was talking
about how it's up to the Iranians decide
who Iran's leaders will be we talked
about respecting their sovereignty
didn't want to make the USD issue inside
Iran but said he was troubled by the
violence by June 23rd it was went much
further we were condemning violence and
unjust imprisonments do you think that
shift in language was a response to the
evolving situation in Iran was it
increasing political pressure back home
like what do you think got him to a
place where he was comfortable
condemning what he saw was it just the
things got so brutal I think it was a
situation in Iran and it wasn't in DC I
mean I think like I said we saw what the
regime was doing I remember Obama
personally seeing that video of Neda the
young woman being killed in the street
and you know it was clear that they were
in a full crackdown mode and there was
no space for dialogue you know they
weren't they weren't going to allow some
process to look at the election results
or to sit down with the green movement
and they ultimately put the leadership
at the green movement under house arrest
you also have to remember that you know
this is going to play out on on its own
timeline you know that even in Iran that
protest movement ultimately those people
voted for rouhani in the next election
and rouhani was not the preferred
candidate of the Supreme Leader every
Iran analyst we had
he suggested he wasn't even probably in
the top two and you know they had barred
Ross and Johnny who was a leading
moderate who had some affiliation with
Ronnie and and some connections to some
of the green movement figures from
running and rouhani kind of came in as
the reform candidate the more moderate
candidate and he won so decisively that
the you know the supreme leader and the
powers-that-be
did not repeat the play of 2009 and try
to prevent you know the candidate who
was not the preferred candidate from
taking power right so in other words you
know that protest movement didn't
succeed in overturning the regime in
2009 but it did lay some groundwork for
a guy who was not the preferred
candidate of the supreme leader to get
elected president of Iran and in that
and here we are today where according to
that time story which has the ring of
truth you know was people associate with
rouhani who leaved that budget document
because precisely because they were at
odds with some of them were hardline
factions so we always have to remember
there is politics inside of Iran
politics and the people in the street
and there's politics within the regime
itself and how we react needs to do
whatever we can to empower the more
reformist elements and the people who
are more likely to lead Iran into a more
democratic less violent direction can
you just a quick aside can you explain
who pulls the levers of power in Iran is
it the supreme leader is it the
president like what's the gist of sort
of who's in charge and and who has real
influence yeah so it's a it's a it's a
complicated system in a way but
essentially the supreme leader is the
final decision-maker you know I mean
he's the ultimate authority but
underneath him there are a variety of
different sources of power so the
president who is elected who is now asan
rouhani has significant authority over
certain economic policy you know on the
on foreign policy we thought he had it's
