love it talks to Kelley Fisher a teacher
who's helping to organize the teacher
walkout in Arizona this week she was
cool
we just talked there you go it's real
time I was gonna say how was love it or
leave it this weekend uh we did we we
had a we had the Minneapolis show which
was a show we did about an issue it
wasn't it wasn't sort of tied to the
weekly news and it was a great
conversation about fake news and
propaganda and misinformation and it
meant that I didn't record a show on
Friday which meant I had a weekend off
and so I ate basically I did a food tour
of the worst restaurants a person can
eat at multiple times it's placement for
tonight
I did not I did not play or that I
didn't escape room where I ran into some
friends at the pod cool anyway go check
it out it's called love it or leave it
it's a podcast can somebody shake shack
and Taco Bell in a day when they're
thirty five the answer is yes delicious
what did you get a Taco Bell I got a box
that came with a chalupa a burrito and a
taco and I got a softshell taco steak
taco and I got a double decker taco
supreme great being in the office with
you later in the pod we'll also be
talking to crooked media's own Priyanka
Arab Andy who writes what a day our
newsletter which is a hit our hit
newsletter and she's gonna be giving us
a little preview of what's in the
newsletter we're just gonna be talking
about it makes Axios look like one of
those drum lesons things they put up at
a coffee shop you know sure okay or
whatever guys let's talk about Donald
Trump's efforts to bring about peace in
our time so he planted a tree John he
did this week French president Emmanuel
macron and German Chancellor Angela
Merkel are in Washington Trump has
invited McCrone for the first state
dinner of his presidency to which no
congressional Democrats were invited as
a very nice school idea or press or
press normally you invited a couple
reporters maybe a columnist maybe
someone who agrees with you maybe your
best bud Sean Hannity why didn't you get
that know who's coming just a bunch of
like reddit trolls I don't know yeah so
what you do is in Pepe Mass oh well I'm
here for I'm here for state dinner I'm I
am Here I am American local person here
to enjoy state dinner with
French person and that president from
good president so wonderful the DC press
has been very focused on the personal
relationship between Trump and McCrone
which is supposedly quite good macron
calls him a friend Trump wrote him a
love note last July in the margin of a
New York Times article maybe yeah and
usually Manuel I love you and usually
with with Trump like he doesn't like it
when somebody stays over especially the
first time but like he was like no no
don't go don't go let's just say maybe
you can watch something on Netflix axia
Axios ran a piece over the weekend
describing McCrone as a person who runs
quote a master class in soothing Trump
just a weird phrase and slate asked can
McCrone flatter Trump into giving him
what he wants uh Tommy why do you think
they're pals and how much do you think
it actually matters like has McCrone
gotten anything out of this relationship
can we just stipulate that you don't
need to take a master class to learn how
to flatter Donald Trump you need to pay
ninety bucks to Aaron Sorkin to watch
half of the videos before you abandon it
all you need to do is kiss his ass you
know I think it's probably a savvy move
I mean my car owns one of the few
European leaders that made a decision
early on just to flatter him despite the
domestic political cost of being
associated with someone that's so toxic
so you know he gave him a dinner at the
Eiffel Tower he showed him a big
military parade which he's gonna night
now try to emulate they trade love notes
apparently they say nice things so a
Merkel is generally more wary but that's
understandable she's been on the scene
longer he made that really awkward
surveillance joke about how they both
been spied on by Obama despite half of
it being not true Germany has a good
reason to fear a nationalist want to be
strongmen right so there's a chance
there there's a legacy there there's
reasons why they both don't like him I
do think it's not hard to build a
psychological profile Donald Trump and
figure out what you want microns had
done it pretty well we'll see if there's
a backlash to the stories about how he's
been played but I mean ultimately like
Donald Trump's not gonna be there for
you if you need something he doesn't
want to do so yeah enjoy while you can
but it didn't go so well for the
committee to save America I don't know
that it's gonna go like no one's going
to really no one has proven that they
can influence Donald Trump through
flattery in any way that gets a good
result except like the Saudi so if you
if you're a strong if you bring him
there and you have pop and circumstance
and you roll out the red carpet and all
you want him to do is not tell you what
to do that might work but if you're
gonna go there and say hey don't screw
up the Iran deal stay in Syria
don't start a trade war with your up
like that's gonna be a little tougher
sell for a microt John what do you think
you're writing some notes down and you
brought some papers I the people
organizing his paper for dramatic effect
love it's very proud he was the problem
that maze makes a noise love it has read
the news today but he's read the news
that was printed out on pieces of paper
and he's taken notes love it
your thoughts thanks for your question
John so I would say two things one no
human being on earth has a good
relationship with Donald Trump there's
no such thing as a good relationship
with Donald Trump you might have an
effective but it's not a good relation
it's not like Don Trump is not a human
being with whom you can have a good
relationship no one he loves has a good
relationship with him no and he hates a
good saying that it doesn't work that
way he's not capable of having them I
mean brought Barack Obama is President
had leaders he'd prefer to talk to
leaders he didn't and that might have a
different I might make a difference in
the margins right
maybe we I remember you know you could
be outside the oval and there'd be like
oh he's on a call with this person it's
gonna be longer because he doesn't hate
talking to this right and that may
affect their working relationship it can
make a difference at the margins but
ultimately national interests I mean
it's all these people who claim to be
hard and realist and then turn around
and write articles about how there's
like a new bromance which is ridiculous
if McCormack Ron is good at pretending
to like Donald Trump more power to him
you know that's what he should do it's
not true it's a hard thing as I write a
story it's just and also it's just a
reality of we're in a situation where we
watch foreign leaders manipulate our
president and talk about how best so get
waters it's embarrassing to get one over
on him you know if you know it's like
what conversation do we feel like we
feel more welcoming the one between
Trump and somebody or between Merkel and
and and Makran laughing about it what a
what a dumb we put in the White
House also by the ways we're
pulling for the foreign leader to pull
one over on him right oh yeah he does
that means you know maybe he convinces
him to get back in the pirate Paris
climate agreement or maybe he convinces
him not to pull out of the Iran deal or
maybe you know it's like their
objectives are usually aligned more with
the American public than trumps yeah and
also I think the problem is you know we
there was sort of it's like a little bit
of a contradiction right we talked about
how oh if you do pomp and circumstance
and make him feel good he'll kind of go
along with what you want but you're
right in pointing out that long term the
committee to save America and others
who've claimed to use their influence
and personal relationships to make a
difference haven't made that much of a
difference and I think it's in part
because he's basically a fascist
goldfish and so you know ya macron can
maybe impress upon him the the the
importance of the Iran deal but he's
gonna forget and then he's gonna talk to
John Bolton for a week after macron goes
back to Paris
Trump decided to attack the Mayor of
London after there was a terrorist
attack on his cities that he's not a
stable person to say the least
both McCrone and Merkel will be trying
to convince Trump not to pull out of the
Iran deal
last week bob corker said Trump's gonna
do it we talked about Seoul on Thursday
but I wanted to hear from you about this
Tommy it seems like everyone in the
world except for Bibi Netanyahu and the
Republican Party wants to preserve the
Iran deal yeah what happens if Trump
pulls out and how dangerous is it well
right now the Iran deal is essentially
put restrictions on their nuclear
program and the deadline to to recertify
that they are that they're following the
letter of the deal is May 12th so if
Trump doesn't agree to certify that they
are complying with the sanctions I'm
sorry if Trump doesn't agree to certify
that they're complying with the Iran
deal they could put sanctions back on
Iran which means that all the
restrictions all the IAEA monitoring the
the reduction of centrifuges that are
enriching nuclear material the amount of
nuclear material they can enrich will
all go back to where they were before in
fact the Iranians are saying that if
they put you at sanctions on us we
actually will increase our enrichment
program so things will get increasingly
dangerous they'll be closer to a nuclear
weapon and there will be no the world
won't be with us there will be no
increase in safety for us
there's no upside to this Trump only
dislikes it because he dislikes Obama so
yeah Trump peering out of the Iran deal
is giving Iran a green light to go build
nuclear weapons right I mean we are
screwing it up we will be the reason it
is now non-existent we will be the ones
out of compliance with the agreement
generally and the rest of the world is
not with us on this in the IAEA the
international monitoring program that
keeps an eye on all this stuff has
certified I believe ten times that
they're still complying with the deal so
it will also send a message to North
Korea and all these other rogue states
so we don't live up to our agreements
and in there right like trumps come let
me just start that Eon trumps concern
with the Iran deal or what's not in it
is legitimate he wants he doesn't like
the fact that the there's a sunset in
the deal that will make it end after 10
or 15 years he doesn't like the fact
that there aren't limits on their tests
on ballistic missiles he doesn't like
the fact you can't always get access to
certain military sites exactly when you
want them to testing that's all fine but
like a lot of those issues you know they
had to be negotiated and a lot of those
issues are not relevant to a nuclear
deal like if the United States all of a
sudden some trading partner came to us
and said hey our bilateral trade deal
now means that you guys can't test some
sort kind of ICBM we say what the hell
you talking about
yeah well it's also like sure you want a
limit on ballistic missile testing sure
you want something longer than a 10
years and say well go prove that you can
get that kind of deal go work on it
that's the whole point like can you get
that that was the whole problem with the
criticism of the of Obama's deal in the
first place it's like yeah we all want
those things but you negotiate and you
compromise to get something better not
something perfect and and you can make
an argument that says all right John
Kerry was too thirsty for deal Obama
wanted a deal the Iranians knew it they
took advantage and the deal wasn't as
favorable as another one we would have
negotiated whatever you want to make a
claim like that that's mine but that's
not the deal we have this is the deal we
have which is why people like bob corker
who were resistant to it are now saying
it's important to keep it in place
because regardless of whether you
believe there could have been some
fantasy of a better deal this is the
deal we have right I mean the other
piece of this too it's it's um if Trump
ends up staying in the deal for a little
while longer fine but this feels like
one of those issues where
the all the people around him all the
smart smarter people semi-reasonable
serious people who are trying to get him
to not pull out they're all kind of like
putting their fingers in the dike trying
to stop him from doing what he wants to
do this feels like something eventually
will burst he wants out he's not gonna
stop wanting out complete off for a
month you could put it off for six
months whatever but uh same thing with
Paris yeah it's exactly like Paris
another one of the his complaints is
that the Iranians are you know doing bad
things in Syria and they're funding a
rebel group in Yemen and like again it's
like yes the Obama administration had
the same exact concerns with those
things but there's no reason to tear up
the Iranian nuclear deal which is about
nuclear weapons to get those things
dealt with it's just it's not really a
point of leverage and he's going about
it in a stupid way it's just it's so
self-defeating let's move from one
potential nuclear disaster to another
North Korea Kim Jong Un's said this
weekend he would suspend nuclear and
missile tests north Korea has apparently
dropped its demand that the u.s. removed
troops from South Korea as a condition
for giving up nuclear weapons and North
and South Korea are set to meet this
week how big of a deal is this has Trump
tweeted his way to peace so the
reporting on this is all over the bass
know what to think Trump claimed that
North Korea had agreed to do
denuclearize but that's not true they
said they would essentially suspend
nuclear tests and suspend ICBM tests
ahead of the summit so they would
suspend testing of nuclear what they
done this before they paused before of
freezes it's not it's it's
unless you take some very concrete steps
it's a easily reversible thing like hey
we didn't test a ICBM today we literally
just not testing it is not succeeding
exactly doesn't mean they're not going
to continue their nuclear weapons
program but the North has for a very
long time said that its idea of
denuclearization is essentially they'll
get rid of their nuclear weapons if we
remove all its troops from the Korean
Peninsula and we get rid of our sort of
nuclear umbrella or our policy of
protecting South Korea and Japan so
that's a big lift and what Kim jong-un
is saying is essentially Trump
apparently according the Wall Street
Journal is going to say to him you have
to dismantle your nuclear arsenal before
you get sanctions relief
it's not as sanctions relief for a
freeze of nuclear and missile nuclear
tests and missile tests which is what
happened before we've given them you
know the they've said that they'll it's
called a freeze for freeze will freeze
they freeze testing and we will freeze
sanctions or give them sort of relief on
you know grain subsidies or where the
hell it would be and then they just do
it anyway so that was where Bob Gates
would always say you can't buy the same
horse twice I'm not gonna fooled again
that was his big beef with this whole
thing actually
Trump's like I've sold the same
apartment 50 times right to Michael Kohn
you seen I'm I do business there trying
to get away with good pickup after loved
his joke I would say you know the one I
agree that I was actually kind of hard
to figure out what's true and what's not
which is always true with Trump right
you're like okay is Trump lying is he
ostentatiously mischaracterizing with
some kind of purpose is the purpose to
ferry Korea lying they lie along they
lied to so it's a bunch of people lying
but then I am I feeling about it was
that it actually doesn't really matter
because it doesn't it doesn't actually
the difference between a lie in the
truth in this case about what they're
saying they're willing to give up is all
just posturing anyway ultimately this is
about a bunch of kind of markers people
are setting down before talks begin and
before you know the contours of whatever
a deal would be could what would before
we learn what the contours of an
eventual deal could possibly look like
at some point in the future I have to
say like you know coming away from this
I I sort of coming around to saying I we
don't know and I think we should be
humble about North Korea specifically
because I do not believe right now that
the Trump administration is doing very
poorly and certainly not doing worse
than an Obama administration or a Bush
administration or a Clinton
sorry I'm hitting the table again it's
doing worse than a an Obama
administration or Clinton ministration
or a Bush administration I think it has
it's the chaos and nonsense of Trump but
ultimately what we're talking about is a
seemingly intractable problem and there
does seem like there is real movement
and that that is something no there's
sort of I mean they're not doing worse
but this confusion that we're talking
about right now is why you sort out the
terms of what these head--oh state level
talks are
b-before you have the talks and if Trump
really thinks he's gonna go into this
thing in charm Kim jong-un out of his
nuclear weapons which he views is the
most critical thing he has he's
forgetting the fact that this is a dude
who like you know he murders senior
officials who piss him off by shooting
them with anti-aircraft guns he saw like
a trap used as like a as like a cool
back so to your point like there have
been you know during the Clinton
administration there were high-level
meetings and there was a temporary
freeze that they cheated on the certain
during the Bush administration as well
there were six-party talks that happen
in the Obama administration so we're in
this cycle a sort of boom and bust of
activity I'm really really glad that
they're pushing for more activity I
support it but like they're just so far
ahead of themselves in terms of claiming
success right yeah I'm I'm not gonna buy
the same horse toys John won't be buying
John saw that horse is that I are you
own that horse that's my heart every
time in the troubled ministration so far
it seems like they are doing something a
little different and reasonable we went
through this with the whole dreamers
debate to maybe this is like normal and
he's gonna actually get a deal on this
whatever and then like they end up
disappointing and he goes crazy now this
is obviously on a much bigger scale with
much higher stakes but I find myself
just looking at the whole thing to be
like yeah cool it's good so far but this
whole thing I could fall apart
any second so I hope that like way down
the road I can look back and be like
yeah they did good I would love to be
