a pod about the the Democratic Party and
look I think over the last couple days
we fixed everything nothing is wrong
with the Democratic Party it is perfect
perfect that's otherwise in the trainer
no I mean just to explain a little more
like the reason that I wanted to do this
is we have been all over the country in
the last year live shows marches
get-out-the-vote events and we've met
all these activists and organizers and
first-time voters and first time
candidates who are energized and excited
and they're mostly young and women and
people of color and it's so inspiring
and we also get and you've gotten this
too we also get the same questions
everywhere we go which is what should
our message be what issue should we
focus on like how do we avoid a repeat
of 2016 and you know we don't talk about
that enough on this podcast and the four
of us don't have all the answers to
those questions so I thought why not do
a 15 episode limited series on the
Democratic Party it's about learning
from our past mistakes and building for
the future and I talked to people about
the Obama years
I talked to Hillary staffers like our
friend Jen Palmieri and Bernie staffers
like Becky bond and fat Shakir about
2016
I talked to Adam serwer and Simone
Sanders and Marsha chattel and about
race in America
I talked to Rebecca Trey stirrer and
others about the challenges that women
candidates face I talked to leftists and
liberal policy people about the economy
and immigration activists and foreign
policy experts and I know to everyone
from the DNC chair Tom Perez and Keith
Ellison to state party chairs to
first-time candidates like Danica Rome
and Jennifer Carroll Foy about
organizing and winning and you know I
did a few focus groups which was really
fun and then I figured you know what is
a way to hear from even more people I
figured I'd ask everyone to call in and
give their thoughts about the party and
I phrase the question what's wrong and
how do we fix it because
we don't tend to learn a lot from only
congratulating ourselves about what's
going right and I also think that we're
confident enough as a party to engage in
a little self-reflection and here's the
good news stand like 90 percent of the
hundreds and hundreds of voicemails that
we're getting are positive and
constructive and hopeful about the
future of the party you know there's
only a few profanities here and there
and it's really inspiring it's really
inspiring and getting all these
voicemails has been wonderful and it
makes me want to work even harder to
kick the out of Republicans in
November so again call in and if you
want to call in and say nothing's wrong
with the party at all we'd love to hear
that too that's totally okay but you
know we want to hear from everyone and
basically help us tell a story about a
party that is finding its way out of the
wilderness that's that's what this
podcast is about so please do yes one
can we just stipulate that Jon Favreau
and everyone about this podcast believes
the report the Democrats are a much
better than party in the Republicans
they have better ideals that are
candidates better people better
integrity all of the above yeah and what
is so it's not like some of the
criticism has been somehow you're
seeding the arguing that the Republicans
are better that's not it I think you
know and I clearly I'm doing this
 podcast for a year and a half
now and I get I get like I understand
for people who may not have as much
context as what what Alti we've talked
to all the issues worked on people will
just respond to the initial tweet right
that Democrats are tired of getting
kicked around the party itself if you're
someone who has worked really hard for
Democratic Party for a long time you've
been under assault for a while and not
just from Republicans but also from
within our party because there are you
know a lot of them Bernie some of the
rhetoric on the brady election was about
the state of the democratic party and so
people little raw nerves and people are
upset about but I think it's important
remember that this is largely about
hosting a conversation about what is
working in the party and what hasn't
worked in the past and how we fix in the
future because if we are right on the
issues there are more Democratic leaning
voters and our Republican voters yet
Republicans control all levers of the
government right and that is something
that should be examined and thought
about it so but if people are I think
people should listen to it right and see
how they feel and if there if it still
bothers and afterwards that's one thing
I don't think it will but it's I think
it's a very constructive good thing I'm
really glad you're doing it I'm glad
you're the one who tweeted about it I'm
a yeah they're there of course I know
there are on nerves on all sides of this
debate
I guess my thought is you can either let
that be and then say because there's Ron
nerves no one's gonna talk about it
we're all just gonna be in our own
little silos and be upset about it and
ignore the other people's opinions or
you can say all right we're gonna dive
in and have a conversation about it and
the reason that I wanted to do it is
because I was like I hope it can have a
conversation that is constructive and
interesting and where people aren't like
yelling all the time but they're saying
like no I believe that's wrong for this
reason and I realized that's way too
much to hope on Twitter but I'm thinking
that through this pot and look this
podcast is not going to fix it it's not
going to fix all of our problems and
it's gonna have a lot of shortcomings
and failings on this podcast I tried to
talk to almost a hundred people but
that's not gonna be enough there's other
points of view that it's not going to
capture and so part of what I want to do
when this actually comes out is have one
episode come out you know at the
beginning of the week and then sort of
like field questions from people at the
end of the week so we have more we
constantly have more voices talking
about this and look there's a sec the
segment of the criticism is for people
who are like you know and a lot of our
friends in DC who are working really
hard at the DNC and the DL CC and all
these committees I think they're
thinking like god we're working really
hard to get democrats elected and we
don't need to be doing a bunch of
navel-gazing right now absolutely we
don't need to be doing much of
navel-gazing but i think as we're
working to get these democrats elected
as we're out there with the organizers
and the activists and the people who are
fighting everyday you know they need to
know and they're asking for you know
what is the mess
what should we focus on and if people in
individual races and individual states
and local communities can start sharing
what they're doing right with other
people in other places across the
country and we can get voters this
information and listeners to this
podcast information then that's just
that's going to be helpful you know I
really believe that so check it out okay
quick update on the tribe I'm sorry let
me try that again
okay quick update on the Trump crime
syndicate the the present United States
is now being compared to a mob boss by
his own lawyers here's Jay Goldberg new
character new character in the story Jay
Goldberg who represented Donald Trump
back in the 90s and 2000's through his
divorce proceedings who now Trump has
gone back to it for advice apparently
recently and here's Jay Goldberg talking
to the Wall Street Journal about how he
warned Trump that Michael Cohen might
flip on him quote the mob was broken by
Sammy the bull Gravano caving in out of
the prospect of a jail sentence and
here's the mooch on MSNBC Wednesday
quote if you said to me and I had to
flip a coin which is not how this works
if you said to me and I had to flip a
coin is Cohen going to turn on President
Trump I would say no Dan what about
these statements seems amiss to you well
it seems like the Trump closest
supporters and friends and tend a
10-year communication structures all
bullies and just assume the Trump is
committed many many crimes and the
question is that were those crimes
committed the question is will anyone
tell the Fed about those crimes and then
will Trump States any legal jeopardy as
opposed to another approach which is
just let's pick up you know back in the
envelope idea here would be I would
encourage Michael Cohen to be fully
forthcoming because I know Donald Trump
did nothing wrong and the sooner we can
wrap up this investigation that better
the
the teaser will be for Donald Trump to
focus all his attention on making
America great again but that's not the
person to take it like taking a slightly
different one you and I have worked in
communications for a long time I don't
think you need to be a communications
expert a communications professional to
say that maybe the best answer is no no
I mean he has nothing to flip him on you
know he's just he hasn't President did
nothing wrong he has nothing to worry
about it doesn't seem like a tough
answer it says a lot about not just
about Trump's crimes but about sort of
them the media coverage political
narrative around Trump right because it
is the pressed also I mean this is it's
like this our point is also before
nothing ever is the press no it's not
this is not a monolithic thing but the
question really is it what did Trump do
wrong or if Trump kid did things wrong
Big KRIT committed crimes that's not the
question the press is asking the
question is will under what
circumstances will Trump face either
political or legal repercussions for the
things we already know he did right and
that's just a very different way in
which we've ever talked about a
president before is because everything
that involves around whether it's you
know potential collusion and the Moller
investigation or an array of
particularly sketchy behavior and
criminality and the microcode
investigation is well Trump's poll
numbers haven't moved once all year so
his voters clearly don't care or well
they're not to be able to prove anything
because Cohen's not gonna flip therefore
we shouldn't care like we should
actually care about a president
committing crimes either in office in
search of that office or before they
decided to run for that office whether
they go to jail or not whether they lose
it whether the poll numbers drop or not
like that is an actual thing that should
be the biggest scandal in America and
we're sort of scoring it like it's a mid
season baseball game yeah if the
president noted States is guilty of
crimes it is the biggest scandal in
American history certainly for the
presidency certainly in politics and
I just it is worrisome because like the
media by the nature of the media always
goes to what's new what's gonna happen
what's next
and look the word normalize has been
overused you know ever since the end of
2016 but it is almost like everyone has
internalized that yeah he's probably a
criminal including his own people as
they go on TV and talk about him
everyone has internalized this and so
should crimes be revealed should the
president be charged with anything
should impeachment charges ever be
brought should the crime simply just be
reported on your right that the next
phase of the story is going to be what
happens and if Democrats don't have a
majority then maybe Republicans won't
impeach him or kind of sitting president
be tried in office and there'll be all
these questions and we're gonna sort of
blow past the idea then no no no he and
his associates were just charged with
whatever they might be charged with and
it's it's very worrisome very worrisome
to say the least
so what one action that someone is
taking to head this off the Attorney
General for the state of New York Eric
Schneiderman wants to change the state's
law so that he can bring criminal
charges against aids to Donald Trump who
get pardons from Donald Trump he
basically wants to change the state's
double jeopardy law that currently
protects people from being tried for the
same crime twice
he wants to add an exemption for
presidential pardons since you know
particularly since the sku deliberate
Scootie murder particularly since these
Scooter Libby pardon it seems quite
clear that Trump may once again abuse
the presidential pardon power to pardon
Michael Cohen or Paul Manafort are any
of these unsavory characters who are
under investigation and indictment do we
think this law will pass and if so do
you think it will influence Michael
Cohen on what he decides to do next I
think I might have what is contrary
take on this now I have I'm not an
attorney I have not been a law school
but I have seen on several occasions the
movie double jeopardy with Ashley judge
okay was wrongly convicted of a murder
well then you're good too
yes she's framed for murder and then
goes out I believe to murder someone
knowing she can't go to jail for it
but I am skeptical like double like
double jeopardy exists for a reason
yeah and I'm not positive than
empowering the state to just because we
have one president who may be selling
pardons for his freedom does that mean
that we should change the rule because
you could be in a world where Barack
Obama commuted sentences or pardon
people or for drug offenses that were
well beyond the what should have
happened because of mandatory minimums
or sentencing guidelines or whatever
else and then you have the Republican
governor of a state then prosecuting
those people again out of spite and so
I'm not sure this is the like in the
world the best thing the best thing for
the world to do to increase the power of
the state to put people in jail or
easily but of course if Trump this
pardons everyone it gets off with that
would be quickly frustrated by that so
for usual Trump is sort of up ending
what progressives think we should do
because we have never confronted someone
as corrupt and unwilling to adhere to
the basic norms of American governing as
that'll Trump
yeah it's a very good point I would
encourage all of our legal friends of
the pod to please out let us know what
they think about that because I actually
I you know I I don't know you make a
very good point about you know future
presidencies and and pardons and what
you know AG's and state legislatures and
particularly red states might do when a
progressive president pardons a bunch of
people in commute sentences that's
worrisome as well now a wall a wall
passed by a by I don't know a second
branch of government they felt a need to
check the power of an unbridled
executive could pass a law that would
say that the you cannot use the part
our investigation into yourself or
something like that now that may not
pass constitutional muster but that is
something but you could you could test
that as opposed to testing a broader law
that sort of erodes the idea of double
jeopardy in the American legal system
well dan that's a great segue to our
next topic Mitch McConnell so as Trump's
associates you know openly muse about
his lawyer flipping on him Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said
this week that he will not allow a vote
on bipartisan legislation that would
protect Special Counsel but that would
protect Special Counsel robert muller
mcconnell says it's not necessary
because there haven't been any
indications the Trump might fire Muller
except I guess for all of the
president's public statements Dan the
bills got Republican support why won't
McConnell let it come to the floor for a
vote well in a weird display of heroism
chuck Grassley said he was in continue
to move it through the the Judiciary
Committee nicely put sort of like throw
the hot potato to Mitch McConnell now
we'll see if he actually follow through
with that McConnell is a pretty good way
getting Republican senators to bend the
knee and do what he wants so we'll see
if it actually happens but I found that
to be an actually encouraging sign that
you have some number of Republicans who
are breaking with recent pattern and
trying to do the right thing for the
country so kudos I think like this is
all about 2018 Republican turnout which
is if the Republican Senate if Mitch
McConnell were allow would were to allow
the Senate to pass a bill that is
obviously going nowhere because Paul
Ryan's showing that do anything but if
he were to allow the Republican Senate
to pass the bill it was seen as pro law
enforcement in anti-trump which are
actually two sides that they are
actually after this idea then you can
see a world where the the Trump voters
in states like Indiana and North Dakota
Missouri West Virginia that the
Republicans need to potentially flip
though maintain control the Senate stay
home and so I think he is doing like
Mitch McConnell's
entire life view is party before country
he cares only about the accumulation of
power for himself
public and party and so what is best for
the publican party here in the short
term in the short term is to help aid
and abet the criminality of Donald Trump
it is in the long term that you would
probably save like maybe doing the right
thing would we're happy but miss Mitch
McConnell does not believe that doing
the right thing is there is reason
enough to do something I think there's a
good analogy like you know what Paul
Ryan is to passing tax cuts and gutting
Medicare at all costs Mitch McConnell is
to confirming right-wing judges and that
seems like he wants to control the
Senate to continue confirming Trump's
unqualified extremist judges and
hopefully also put another one or two
Supreme Court justices on the bench by
the end of trumps term and he has
decided that no amount of corruption no
amount of crimes from Donald Trump will
stop him from doing that and so he will
do whatever it takes to cling to power
and to hang on to a Republican majority
in the Senate and you know he's pretty
open about that Paul right this is where
we go back to our Paul Ryan Mitch
McCullen Paul Ryan likes to like pretend
he's a good guy and he like cares about
poverty or whatever he cares about Mitch
McConnell is just like you know he's out
there saying Oh putting Gorsuch on the
bench and you know blocking stealing a
Supreme Court seat that's one of the
proudest moments of my life
he doesn't he just doesn't really give a
 now really really really bad really
bad I just sometimes I sometimes look I
feel bad because we attacked Paul Ryan
so much and we attacked on Trump so much
we don't spend enough time on how purely
evil Mitch McConnell is he's just he's
not a great guy now some good news on
the Republican side of the Senate is you
know what you said about Chuck Grassley
you know Thom Tillis
