I'm ready welcome to pod save America
I'm John Favreau
I'm John love entire vitor on the pod
today we'll have Tommy's interview with
community activist Barry Axios about the
protests in Sacramento over the shooting
of Stephan Clarke then later we'll be
talking to Anna Marie Cox about the
brand-new season of with friends like
these will be in Florida later this week
there are still some tickets available
one or two just one or two for clear for
clear water from Miami Miami and for
Orlando listen you're on the fence about
coming to love it or leave it in Miami I
want you to know that if you're worried
about being able to get good seats
put that worry out of mind what's in the
news John anyway the news we're
recording this by the way I should just
talk about the elephant in the room
we're recording this on Monday evening
it's an experiment to see what it would
be like to discover we don't like
recording on Monday evenings I'm having
a great time so yeah love it has just
love it has been in a fit today I don't
know about this evening recording has
been hanging over my head it cast a pall
over the whole day anyway let's start
with the news so we haven't had a
full-blown Trump Twitter meltdown in a
while but we were treated to one on
Easter Sunday that has basically lasted
through right before we started this
podcast he was still tweeting
about immigration hey John a couple of
minutes ago hey John just Johnny an
nominations hey John
have you heard the good news that's an
Easter an Easter thing stop dating is
gonna be a Christian sort of crickets
after that joke what joke
so in this tweet storm that started on
Easter Trump attacked some of his old
favorites got Amazon the FBI the
Department of Justice CNN MSNBC but the
real focus was immigration it seems as
if the president United States was
triggered by a Fox and Friends segment
about hundreds of people from Central
America who were traveling through
Mexico to seek asylum in the United
States Trump said they're coming to take
advantage of daca which is extra stupid
because
a he canceled daca and B daca only
applies to the children of immigrants
who've been here since 2007 he was
confronted with this conundrum today
during the Easter Egg Roll when cNN's
Jim Acosta yelled to him but mr.
president didn't you kill daca and then
Trump just stared at him and didn't say
anything so why is Trump suddenly so
upset about immigration I mean there's
lots of Fox and Friends segments usually
they lead him to tweet something and
then he moves on but this has really
stuck with him now for 48 hours yeah I
mean what we should the the the piece in
question was about a caravan of folks
from Central America Muslim from
Honduras with a group called people
Without Borders going north through
Central America it's an annual journey
this happens every year threatening
awareness about people who are seeking
asylum from government oppression or
horrible crime mostly from organized
crime and so Fox and Friends rather than
calling these people asylum seekers
called them a small army of migrants
marching towards the United States so
that is starts with just horrific racist
framing they accused the Mexican
government of being complicit in this
what this stems from though as seemingly
a concerted effort from the High
Priestess on down of the Mogga movement
and Coulter Sean Hannity Jean Pierre Oh
Lou Dobbs to attack him on immigration
because he has not yet built a wall
because he's an idiot and doesn't know
how to legislate and get anything out of
Congress and they rolled him in the
omnibus bill I mean let yeah let's
unpack that let's let's start with the
High Priestess of the mock movement
because she is not too happy Ann
Coulter's sat down with Frank Bruni of
the New York Times for an interview
where she basically said that Trump not
building the wall would be more of a
betrayal than implementing the
principles of the communist manifesto
she said that there's a new category of
voters now called former Trump errs and
this should be terrifying to the
president
she's now counting herself almost is a
former Trump or unless he surprises her
builds the wall the conundrum of course
is that he probably will not be able to
build the wall love it what do you think
it's interesting so first of all it's
always surprising to see what like so
when Ann Coulter turns her sort of evil
mechanical mind towards attacking
someone we disagree with it's
interesting to see cuz oh she is good at
this right she is good at this like even
just saying there's a new category of
people former Trumpets it's a persuasive
interesting way of framing things I you
know Trump to me I think there's two
things going on I think one all this
news about people being angry about him
that immigration has clearly gone to him
it got to him before it's why he
threatened to veto the Omnibus was in
part because people were anger angry his
you know the Huckabee's of the world
were angry at him about the wall funding
so he was definitely looking for
something to latch on to he also is very
good about attaching himself to kind of
bite-sized versions of giant
controversies in part because he knows
it's effective and partly also that's
the biggest amount of information he can
process so so this is one of those great
perfectly built Trump things right it's
easily understandable here these people
they're coming towards him I'm trying to
start a scary image and so it's a place
for him to reassert himself with these
hardliners and remind them that he's on
their side and so he sees no downside to
it so he's enjoying it and by the way
it's all icky
it's all like he's this is not an
example where it's like he just passed a
corporate tax bill and now he's screwing
up his message or he just gave a State
of the Union where he didn't
himself so now he's stepping on this
message it's been basically two weeks of
Muller and stormy Daniels so whatever
let her rip you know rage away you know
it's interesting though it's this would
have been the perfect story for Trump
the 2011 leader of the birther movement
as he is outside of government outside
of politics and just someone tweeting
and yelling about everything yeah you
can see the frustration where now he's
President of the United States and all
he can do is he can talk about the story
then he's like Congress act build wall
dhaka cancelled like he doesn't he
doesn't have any levers to pull because
he is not very good at this job I mean
he he had a chance to he had a chance to
the wall at one point Chuck Schumer put
the wall on the table if all
Trump was willing to do was to offer the
dreamers a path to citizenship and he
didn't take it because Stephen Miller
told him no no that deals not good
enough we need cuts to legal immigration
in addition to getting the wall you kid
to the wall and because he scuttled that
deal because Trump said no now he's come
to realize he's never getting the wall
because he doesn't have the votes in
Congress to get the wall and he thinks
that the military is gonna do it on
their own and so you got defense
secretary Jim mattis drawing up all
kinds of options for him basically just
to placate him because the military
can't do the Pentagon can't do this on
their own right yeah it's a even even if
you take that I don't even accept that
excuse that oh he didn't want to do the
deal because Stephen Miller talked him
out of it the thing that you hear from
all these stories about what it's like
to be in this White House is ultimately
Trump is extremely indecisive yeah and
deciding to make a deal like I I wanna
come back to it when when he was talking
about the Omnibus he made a snaky remark
about Obama he said Obama even signed a
bigger one and then he added a sentence
which was and I bet he wasn't too happy
about it and it's the only time I've
ever seen Donald Trump had not
acknowledged the fact that Barack Obama
has an interior life but also but even
putting that aside it's a reminder of
the fact that he's facing these
presidential decisions and deciding to
say it's a screw Stephen Miller go
against Paul Ryan go to Chuck Schumer
and say I'll give you your I'll give you
daca you give me 25 billion it's the
decision only a president can make
there's no one who's gonna tell him yes
or no it's a final moment where it comes
to him and I don't think he's up for it
I don't think I don't think in that
moment he could make that kind of a deal
just real quick on the on the high
priestess Trump's immigration plans are
basically plagiarized from her book
which was called adios America the less
plan to turn our country into a
third-world hellhole
catchy title she is she's vile she
settles hate for a living because to
admit she's playing Trump brilliant here
she knows where the leverage is she
knows how to play him shows how to play
the New York Times the article was a
little chummy for my taste and like when
she comes out and says well we loved
from because he doesn't care about the
opinions of Manhattan's sophisticates as
a New Canaan High School
and Cornell University grad currently
living in New York I nearly threw up
onto the keyboard of my laptop but to
your point like she'd like these people
are coming at him hard and he is now in
charge and he is no more leverage
anywhere legislatively and Paul Ryan
ignored him everyone in Gordon but but
she's not that's also correct like I
know that she's a hypocrite it doesn't
actually care but that does speak to it
is true that he has kind of refused to
do the things that he does seem to be
kind of captured by the Paul Ryan's that
tell him the things he cannot do in a
way that Ann Coulter thought he might be
the one person who wouldn't be captured
by that group she I mean her point is
basically he could cheat I think she
said in the thing he could she could
literally slip I think she said in the
interview that Trump could sell Trump
products from the oval office if he got
the wall built like they literally care
about nothing else
and because he's failed to do that
central promise they're losing these and
he's getting that I mean the Washington
Post that he was privately grousing that
his supporters are gonna start getting
pissed that he didn't build the wall a
bunch of his guests at mar-a-lago
brought it up over the weekend
like you said Tommy Jeanine Pirro Sean
Hannity former Fox executive bill Cheyne
was there pause for a moment and just
recognize that what you just said is
very terrible I do know that
what a horrible cocktail party those are
the people that are giving him advice
standing in the corner with a drink
being like there is no movement is so
lame oh my god I don't want to leave
this person out though yeah The Daily
Beast has a fantastic story about Lou
Dobbs and how he was he's been on
speaker phone in the Oval Office during
meetings because this is a great what
sets Dobbs apart is the degree to which
the president views him as a political
and populism Godfather The Magus
Socrates to Trump's Plato let's just be
clear for a second no one in history has
ever looked up to Lou Dobbs
he was like an also-ran to CNN idiot he
was a birther didn't leave Healy he was
Jewish and then he left the dock during
the heat during the dot-com bubble
he ran space.com that was like one of
the things he
and then now he's relegated to Fox
Business he's like the triple a ball of
a fox right where he floats trial
balloons like the US Marshal should
arrest Obama if he criticizes Trump
because that's not appropriate like he's
just some crazy old lunatic who gets
patched into Oval Office phone calls now
it does seem pretty clear though that we
are going to because this is what the
base this is what gets the base up in
the morning at least the Mogga base and
Ann Coulter and those people they that
all of these candidates are going out
Republican candidates are going to run
on immigration and be talking about
immigration and trying to find not just
not talking about the policy but trying
to find these stories you know these
vivid stories of caravans or ms-13 or
gangs and they want to run on this from
now until November and I guess the
question is what did Democrats do what
happens with daca there's a Bloomberg
story today Jackie Rosen in Nevada said
she's discussing it in her race everyday
obviously there's a big population of
dreamers in Nevada Ted Cruz on the other
hand in Texas is also discussing it in
his race everyday thinking that it will
energize his base to talk about how he
stood stood against it so what do you
guys think the proposing that we use
military funds take away military funds
to build the wall that ad writes itself
like you imagine images of guns in body
armor and tanks being literally ripped
out of the hands of US service members
the fact that they think that
immigration is a more salient issue for
their racist base is instructive I would
like to see Democrats use that to fight
on the other thing they're tannic though
it is the AP reported there's some
people close to Trump suggested creating
a GoFundMe for the wall which is just so
perfectly stupid I wish Dan were here
today to talk more about it all four
guys but like you know I think this
issue were like daca is a great thing
for Democrats to talk about because it
is such a wildly popular issue but I do
think there is some risk more broadly
for Democrats on immigration yeah you
know I think we shouldn't be afraid to
talk about it when we're talking about
immigration I don't know that I would
make that the heart of what we're
talking about right now I'm much more
interested you know Jonathan Chait wrote
this piece about corruption I don't know
if I'd make corruption the centerpiece
of it versus health care the economy
whatever but
I certainly don't think we should be
afraid of saying that Donald Trump made
a whole bunch of promise as an
immigration couldn't keep a single one
of them refused to help these kids
didn't get as well didn't get anything
done didn't solve a compromise didn't
address the problem and that's it and I
don't mean to be than that look I still
we always like what should they talk
there's a whole bunch of things
Democratic and eights are going to talk
about now I think that there's a reason
that helping the dreamers polls at 70 80
90 % and Democrats can feel confident
going out there even if you are running
in a state that doesn't have a big
dreamer population saying young people
who are here who were brought here
through no fault of their own who were
working who were in college were
studying they deserve to have a chance
to become US citizens and they deserve
not to be deported back to countries
that they've never lived in before I
think that is a fairly popular message
and I don't think anyone should feel
afraid of it Yeah right like should you
run on health care should run encryption
yeah of course you should you should
emphasize all those things I mean I
think the corruption issue is
interesting because I just think it
leaves something off I think we should
talk about Trump's corruption and the
administration's corruption all day long
but we need to make sure every time we
talk about it we connect it to those
policies that are actually affecting
people's lives thank you if you're
technically connected to tax cuts you
connected to all these things that are
having you know he's yeah he's doing
this for him here's how it's hurting him
right like Scott Pruett is in a you know
in a house for $50 a month or whatever
he's paying for his room with a subway
Club Card meanwhile the and meanwhile
the lobbyist whose house that he's in
he's renting from got their project
improve at EPA and that's screwing
people over that you have to finish
drawing the line yeah I know it's like a
12th order political issue but it is
like again and again and again Mexico is
like our biggest trading partner they're
our close ally and security and economic
and cultural ways he's just rupturing
the relationship day after day tweet
after tweet I mean I think it fixed it
the foreign minister had to respond that
like this inaccurate news report should
not serve to question the cooperation
between the two countries it's a big
deal to keep kicking allies in the teeth
for no reason when you're wrong and for
naked political purposes I think that's
and I might say the world point no I
think it's a big it's a it's a big issue
because someday down the line we are
going to need allies to work
with us on something that has to do with
the security of the American people how
to safety the American people and at
some point they're going to say off
because we have been treated so badly by
you're starting to see an end litical
systems they in they're running against
him now and that's not just like a
foreign policy nerd point that's a like
that's gonna hit people at home insert a
point and also we're just so a mesh
toons are the Trump drama Dhaka is
incredibly important immigration is a
huge and growing problem that needs to
be addressed the fact that we have
millions and millions of people who have
to live in the shadows in this country
because we haven't given them any kind
of path to legalization is a huge
problem right there are huge immigration
problems we need to address that we've
been trying to address for basically 30
years and now this debate has been
reduced to border wall versus daca kids
and we can't even get that piece of it
done yeah
and that that's a good point is that it
is that is way too small of a debate
okay every Democrat should not be also
not be afraid of saying our immigration
system is badly broken and it has been
for a long time and we need to fix it
somehow and that includes daca that
includes legal immigration that includes
border security includes like all kind
of interior enforcement and what the
 Isis doing which is awful and
there's a whole bunch of things and by
the way figuring out a way to talk about
border security confidently in a way
that doesn't abandon the core compassion
and principles of Democrats right I
think right now
Democrats are skittish to even talk
about border security at all because
it's become a trump issue but border
security is gonna be part of any answer
to this and so finding a new way has to
be and finding a new way to talk about
this where we are extremely critical of
ice
we were extremely convicted critical of
policies to rip a Malay apart well fine
and by the way recognize that there's an
argument about American workers who feel
as though immigration doesn't help them
like finding ways at that to talk about
immigration as a way of talking about
how to help American workers
undocumented people securing the border
getting all of that into a language that
doesn't alienate Democrats who are
afraid of people capitulating to Trump I
think is a really hard problem and and
