welcome to plaid save America I'm John
Favreau I'm Dan Pfeiffer in studio we
have Dan Pfeiffer here in Los Angeles
here in LA we're gonna be doing a book
event tonight yes we are forget what the
name of the book John the name of the
book is yes we still can
yes got to get that out of the way early
here get me never said I'm gonna forget
it I've been reading it I just stayed up
late last night almost finishing it okay
later in the pod will talk to Nevada
senator Catherine Cortes Masto about the
upcoming Supreme Court fight as well as
her recent visit to the border to
observe the humanitarian crisis caused
by Donald Trump fun stuff fun topic
could be a real light pod today speaking
of the border a reminder that this
Saturday June 30th there will be rallies
and marches in DC and all over the
country to protest Trump's immigration
policies Tommy love it and I will be at
the one in LA with our friend Adi Barkan
and others please join us or find one
near you you can go to act moveon.org
and now put in your zip code and you'll
find a march Ã¶r rally near you they're
all over the country so come join and
here's some good news hysteria our new
podcast from crooked media launches
today by the time you listen to this
it'll probably be out so go check it out
and subscribe if you haven't already
this is a podcast hosted by aaron ryan
with a rotating set of co-hosts
including the wonderful Alyssa
Mastromonaco Blair Imani grace Parra
Kiran deal Meghan Gailey and ziwei
Fumito fantastic podcast and Dan your
book is out it is out and as we know yes
we still can yes we still can the title
and so we had some exciting news
yesterday we heard that thanks to the
wonderful community of Friends of the
pod yes we still can will debut at
number one on the New York Times
nonfiction but is amazing that's very
exciting it was a it was it's sort of a
bittersweet thing because I got the news
right as we I was sort of processing the
terrible news about Justice Kennedy's
decision that we're gonna talk about on
this pod but that got me thinking and
per usual I had an idea but that idea
came from Alyssa Mastromonaco
hysteria Cohoes hysteria co-hosts best
friend of the pod overall life coach
she had the suggestion that I was trying
to think about how to think about my
book and continuing to promote it in a
world where so much of what we care
about is at risk now that Justice
Kennedy has retired mr. McConnell is
gonna try to jam through some sort of
horrible human being to take that role
and so what we're gonna do is for the
next two weeks proceeds from a portion
of proceeds from yes we still can we
donated to Nero because the thing that
is perhaps most at risk more at risk
than any time in my life in politics as
a woman's right to choose in a role is
doing amazing work most nationally and
at the state level to push back on these
efforts restrict women's rugby dr.
freedom
and so I would like to see if we can do
this in two weeks
we could get to 5,000 books sold and we
will donate my portion of the proceeds
to neighbor all if we do that so
hopefully we this will be a way in which
we can least make a small bit of
difference as we think about the book in
the context of what's happening in the
country right now that is very good of
you and a very good idea for Melissa
pretty cool so everyone go bye yes we
still can
all right let's let's jump right into
the news I'd argue that June has been
the worst month of the Trump presidency
and I think yesterday may have been the
worst day of the worst month yeah I
agree with that
I was a gut punch is a gut punch Supreme
Court Justice Anthony Kennedy a
conservative who still voted with
liberal justices on issues like abortion
gay marriage affirmative action and
other civil rights issues announced on
Wednesday that he'll be retiring from
the Supreme Court the summer and Donald
Trump shortly afterwards announced that
he intends to replace him before the
midterm elections Senate Democrats only
have 49 votes which is not enough to
block the nomination dan on a scale of
one to oh Hillary just lost
Michigan where does this fall worse than
Hillary lost Michigan because we could
live we could have lived in a world
where Donald Trump was president and he
was a national embarrassment who did
terrible things but he did not change
the balance of the court because he
replaced even though the seat was stolen
he he got to replace a conservative
justice who was already one of the four
and the five four
balance of the court for so many things
we care about but Kennedy the most
important justice resigned under Trump
and now the balance of the court will
shift or will likely shift in a really
terrible direction for decades and it is
it is the this is the worst thing by far
that has happened to progressive the
progressive causes that we care about
under Trump's presidency yeah I mean to
me maybe the worst thing about this is
looking at the ages of some of the
potential replacement justices and some
of them were in their 40s some of them I
mean I think last night at a rally Trump
said I'm gonna nominate someone who can
serve for 40 years which means he is
thinking about one of the people in
their 40s
I forgot until I looked yesterday to
that Gorsuch is 50 I mean this is
uh it's a long long time there we have
to live with us we should mention here
that Kennedy's retirement comes after a
particularly awful week of Supreme Court
decisions already with him on the court
that was this was the good court right I
was like we're gonna talk about the
issues where a lot kennedy retirement
really is gonna make a big impact but
there are some issues where it's not
gonna make a huge impact because he was
already on the conservative majority
Donald Trump's Muslim ban was upheld
there was a ruling that may destroy
public employee unions and reduced their
membership by a third their teachers
government employees firefighters police
officers there was a ruling that said
crisis pregnancy centers did not have to
provide women information about
contraceptive services or abortion there
was a ruling that upheld gerrymandered
Texas districts that diluted the power
of black and Hispanic voters which came
after last month's ruling that Ohio is
allowed to purge people from voting
lists if they haven't voted recently in
all of these decisions think all of
these decisions were 5-4 with Kennedy in
the majority
so looks like that stolen Supreme Court
seat is already paid off big time huh
yeah I mean it is the someone said this
on Twitter it's the greatest theft of
political theft in history and with the
greatest consequences because these
consequences will last as you mentioned
decades because this would have been a
5-4 court the
other direction if marilyn Carlin had
been approved and then if Kennedy had
decided to resign we would have reverted
back to where we were just at a school
basically which is not awesome as you
just laid out but on some of the things
we cared most deeply about that 5-4
majority that has really been around for
decades because neither Obama nor Bush
nor Clinton changed the ideological
balance of the court because they
disappointed in judge Liberty the
Democratic presidents appointed liberal
liberal justices to replace liberal
justices in the conservative justice
replaced reporting can serve justice
replaced conservative justices and so
this is the first time we've had a shift
and so it the consequences of the
garland the stolen seat by Mitch
McConnell are will haunt us for the rest
of our lives
Chris Murphy tweeted yesterday even
before the Kennedy announcement let's
call it like it is the Supreme Court is
turning itself into a political arm of
the Republican Party there's a lot of
truth to that I mean there was a time
when a Democratic president could
appoint a justice and a Republican
president could appointed justice and
you didn't know for sure how that
justice would rule and in some examples
you have justices on the court still in
the court there have been approved that
were appointed by presidents of a
different party or different political
persuasion they end up being a surprise
it doesn't seem like that's the case
anymore no everyone knows what
everyone's gonna do and I had the
opportunity to work on the Sonia
Sotomayor nomination both in best part
of the team that was helping President
Obama get a list of nominees and think
about who was who would make the best
justice and who would be I was not as a
non-lawyer I was not really figuring out
the legal part of this but I was hoping
understand the confirmation politics of
various people and you don't ask the
questions right you'll mess a litmus
test questions I suspect in this case on
the Republican side where all the sort
of normal norms have been blown up they
ask those questions and it's like and
this is I'm sure we'll talk about this
as we go forward but the there was the
court could have reached this this place
of incredible beyond the pale it is a
ssin when the court ruled 5-4 in Bush
versus Gore essentially handing the
presidency to george w bush but it
bounced back in the sense that Democrats
did not May they did not try to tear the
court down after that they thought that
that was on position they wanted the
consequences for the country in the
polls were horrendous but we needed the
court to continue to play its important
role as a third branch of government and
I know it's hard to see how that happens
where we have taken the process of
appointing justices and done it with the
most cynical political hackery in the
history of mankind yeah I mean what's
awful right now is depending on who gets
nominated it's it seems very likely that
John Roberts is the swing vote on the
court now yeah and look John Roberts
famously was a vote to uphold the
Affordable Care Act
he has been you know pretty much
probably a couple clicks to the right of
Anthony Kennedy on just about everything
else but that is the swing vote on the
court now and John Roberts would not be
appointed by Donald Trump at this point
right Donald Trump Donald was making
sure I mean the list is out of the
people he promised he would pick from a
list of however many justices and you
can look through all those justices in
their records they're all in the mold of
course it was a real problem
yeah they're all ideologues and this is
they think it's interesting about this
is this is the only sort of normal thing
that Trump does right that's an easy one
yeah heap like droid Trump is gonna pick
the same person that Marco Rubio Jeb
Bush or John Kasich would have picked
because it's like why not like and I saw
some you know it takes on Twitter like
is he gonna pick Giuliani or sessions or
Jeanine Pirro or what you know all that
it's like he doesn't have to do that
with us what he wants to do is to
placate the conservatives because
there's a bargain and this whole
thing where it's like we turn away when
you steal an election and collude with
Putin and say crazy on Twitter and
jail toddlers but you give us some
supreme court justices in exchange
that's the deal
tax cuts and scream Court justices is
all we want and we will we will cover up
or enable anything you want yeah and
don't embarrass us with the pick I do
remember because Obama was an attorney
was president Harvard Law Review and a
law professor they thought it was just a
community we're gonna
pose community organizing he really
stepped up his game and he read all the
briefs of the people like the books he
would get were like stacks of binders
even take them you'd read all the
arguments to understand the judicial
approach of the people who was thinking
before name now we know Donald Trump is
not doing that right maybe basically I
think he just probably has them will
come in makes them like run in place for
a little bit to see how healthy they are
checks their chicks their age on their
ID it is like Mitch McConnell cool with
you great you got this seat he wants to
see how they look on TV yeah do they
look the part exactly which course oh
she looked the part right so let's talk
about what is at stake with this
nomination as soon as it was announced
Jeff Toobin legal analyst CNN tweeted
out abortion will be illegal in 20
states in 18 months so that was a gut
punch yeah to say the least
Dylan Matthews in vogue sorta piece a
court without Kennedy is substantially
more likely to overturn roe v-- wade and
allow states and maybe the federal
government to to ban most are all
abortions reject challenges to capital
punishment and solitary confinement rule
in favor of religious challenges to
anti-discrimination law and perhaps in
an extreme case reverse some past
Supreme Court rulings on gay rights
Kennedy was also more moderate in the
areas of Voting Rights criminal justice
reform you know he helped protect some
of the environmental decisions like the
Clean Air Act Clean Water Act the
Endangered Species Act so all of those
areas seem to be at risk do they miss
any I'm sure there are things that will
will be destroyed that we had even do
they have even occurred to us yet that
they will up yes it is possible
yeah I mean the the abortion issue is
perhaps the most frightening and I mean
illicit act with us at one of our shows
but there are only I believe 17 states
right now that have laws protecting
abortions and the rest have trigger laws
where if roe v wade is overturned
abortion will immediately be illegal in
those states
some people think some legal analysts
think you know it could be threatened by
as soon as someone's on the court and
there's a challenge someone who's in the
court there's a challenge they could
overturn roe
Wade others think Roberts some of the
other people will just chip away at roe
v-- wade with many different cases and
slowly just keep restricting abortion
rights either way it seems pretty
 awful yeah it this has been the
thing that has kept everyone up at night
for a long time which is like so many
other these other things they can be
sort of fixed in law and here is
something that has been a five
essentially five for fur as since the
original decision and which I think was
not fight forward but in the time since
then people there there were since the
80s at least it's been a 5-4 majority in
favor of keeping of upholding roe v--
wade and that is what is held it
together all this time and we've always
been one justice away and we've just
been fortunate that that did not happen
in when Bush was president and we could
this could have been and it all comes
back to Mitch McConnell because
if the if this if Obama had been able to
as he should have been fulfilled a
Scalia seat then we would have that this
wid that we would be in a better place
today we'd be in the same place we were
before and now this is very scary and
it's very scary for a lot of women like
ELISA was saying on Twitter that she's
been just heard eat her direct message
on Twitter being blown up by women
asking what this means because they're
very worried because they're like it is
worth noting that there are many states
in this country which even in a world
where roe v wade still stands it becomes
very you have the right to an abortion
but they have restricted access to
abortion to a point where it's almost
impossible and that's where we are now
and so now we're in danger of something
much worse that has just dramatic
consequences for so many people yeah
especially poor women and women of color
like people who are in live in these
women who live in these states a lot of
them very deep red states that have
already threatened abortion rights that
rollback reproductive rights and I think
the threat to reproductive rights even
before Kennedy was probably greater than
in any time in decades in many states
around the country and now and now it's
very very scary
let's talk about the reaction in
Congress Mitch McConnell said he wants
to vote this fall and that he expects
the nominee to be treated fairly he
actually had the gall to to tweet that
or say that this is despite his
insistence in 2016 about how it's unfair
to consider a SCOTUS nominee in an
election year because voters should have
a say and who gets to be on that bench
dandas Mitch McConnell give a flying
 if we think he's the most shameless
hypocrite to ever walk the halls of the
Senate now he was in his shamelessness
he loves it is so like yesterday
we still have about everyone just look
what a hypocrite Mitch McConnell is yeah
no kidding yeah he doesn't care
if you think he's a hypocrite that's the
whole point he gets stronger with every
tweet that calls him a hypocrite and
he's in Mitch McConnell this is not to
his credit it is to the opposite of
credit that would be to his blame I
don't know but he has no illusions about
who he is right
he knows he's the super villain here he
is not trying to be he's not sure he's
not Paul Ryan he's not Paul right I had
a reporter asked me this the other day
like why do you guys hate Paul Ryan so
much I'm not Mitch McConnell as much
like why does Paul Ryan get more
and I'm like because Mitch McConnell
just wallows in what a super villain he
is he loves it he doesn't care he
doesn't pretend to be anything else then
a power-hungry maniac who's trying to
win that's who he is
he'll tell you that Paul Ryan's like no
I'm oh I care about poverty I'm a sunny
conservative in the mold of jack kemp a
 Mitch McConnell watches
Game of Thrones in Brutes for the night
kick okay so that's Mitch McConnell he
is playing he knows what power is and he
uses power
what can Democrats do most Senate
Democrats have said that McConnell
should delay the vote until after the
election so that's good
some of the red state Democrats up in 18
like Joe Donnelly and Joe Manchin have
said they'd like to meet with the
nominee first what did you think of the
Democratic reaction so far and like what
what's our play here I think I think
it's important for everyone to be aware
the Democrats have very little leverage
here
if Mitch McConnell wants to jam this
person through and he can get 50
Republican senators to vote for them it
doesn't matter what Joe Manchin does it
doesn't matter what his Chuck Schumer
does he can just do it because not
having the majority in the Senate is
devastating in this front and we know
that this is the exact opposite of Mitch
McConnell didn't want to have a hearing
for Merrick garland so he couldn't in
there was nothing that Harry Reid could
do to make him do it I think Democrats
should I don't have an objection to
Democrats being willing to meet with the
nominee if Trump nominates it nominate
someone like I think that's fine I don't
