we do it welcome to pod save America I'm
John Favreau
I'm Dan Pfeiffer I'm Erin Ryan later in
the pod you'll hear my interview with
Katie Couric who's got a new podcast
documentary reflecting on the interview
she did with Sarah Palin ten years ago
oh and that was the craziest thing that
happened so a few other quick
housekeeping things before we get into
the news on pod save the world this week
Tommy chatted with the Atlantic's
Natasha Bertrand about the uncertainty
over rod rosin Stein's tenure in the
Trump administration I have a I have a
plug here for hysteria but Erin you're
here I'm here what's on hysteria this
week so we had to record hysteria on
Wednesday which was before the madness
today so uh but one thing that was cool
about this week is that we were able to
highlight four really exciting female
candidates instead of like dwelling on
the super dark news so we got to talk
about Lucy Macbeth Geena Ortiz Jones a
couple other candidates you might be
excited about between now and the
election will probably be highlighting
that's awesome women that are running
especially in flippable districts
especially young women women of color
and women running with with
non-traditional backstories so excellent
trying to keep it light something
hopeful yeah also everyone tickets are
now available for the shows that we will
be doing for our HBO special the which
will be in Miami Erin will be with us in
Miami yeah
Austin Philadelphia and Irvine and so
you can check out this website
www.fawziacademy.com
it is probably the craziest political
event I have witnessed since Trump won
the election I don't know at least
that's how I feel right now I guess
let's start with
initial reactions of dr. Blasi Ford's
testimony and questioning and then we
can move on to Cavanaugh Erin what were
your initial reactions watching dr.
Christine Blasi for this morning well I
think that a lot of women watching this
kind of went through similar similar a
series of emotions that I went through
it's incredibly difficult as a woman to
watch this unfold over and over again to
look at another another round of
headlines that have to do with sexual
assault to watch another woman basically
have to kind of dissect herself in front
of the world to prove what happened to
her happened to her
a lot of friends of mine texted me this
morning saying they were getting
emotional watching this was this was
very difficult for them I felt watching
her that she was incredibly brave in
ways that I couldn't imagine being brave
her voice wavered but she kept it
together
she was very straightforward and
fact-based she acted in a way that is
unfortunately like the the standard that
women who try to make a point who try to
be believed need to adhere to men like
Lindsey Graham like you mentioned can
throw tantrums and scream into the
camera and complain and whine and that's
totally fine because they're men and
they have gravitas but the pressure on
Ford was a lot higher than it would be
on a man because women need to act more
rational and calm in order to be thought
of as as rational and calm as a man so I
was I was really impressed with her her
composure her calmness or her calm and
but I was also very upset by the fact
that we had to revisit those issues
again as women yeah yeah I thought the
same thing about her bravery like I you
know I found myself teary through
watching the testimony and watching her
statement and I was like and I'm not
even like I can't imagine what she's
going to rep right now what she was
going through and how she kept it
together the whole time and she was so
poised and so forceful and her and
incredible in her testimony dan what did
you think I agree with that it you
cannot be a rational person
and watch her put herself before the
nation and give that testimony about
this incredibly traumatic experience
that happened to her and believe that
this is part of some sort of democratic
plot to unseat Brett Kavanaugh or tilt
the Supreme Court it yeah I think it
well I mean obviously your testimonies
incredibly compelling and but it's also
it just was sad because this is like
this is such an incredibly serious thing
and we live in a political world where
one of our parties is incapable of
acting with the seriousness and the
compassion and the empathy that you
would expect in this situation or would
hope for in the situation yeah I keep
kept thinking like after listening to
her testimony and listening to her after
everyone questioned her like it just
comes back to you either believe her
account or you don't
mm-hm and if you don't believe it you
should ask yourself why why what why
would she put herself through what she
had to put herself through today why
would she put her family through that
what did she have to gain what incentive
did she have to do this today
yeah I thought something I was thinking
a lot about and and I was thinking it's
sort of a kind of Mike because it's a
different version of a thing that women
go through a lot I think when a woman is
in a lot of cases when she's when she's
sexually assaulted or victimized by a
guy that's something that sticks with
her for the rest of her life you know
dr. Ford has obviously been thinking
about this thing that happened to her
when she was a teenager since it
happened like to the extent that it
impacted remodeling that she was doing
on her home after she had been married
decades later and that's that's the
thing that's like women carry this with
them forever and one thing that I was
thinking just as the day went on is is
that you know Brett Cavanaugh has
performed believing that he didn't do
this like he he has performed believing
that this thing happened to her but he
maybe doesn't remember and I just think
that that it's it's sort of the way that
it's happened for a lot of women is that
something will happen to them and it'll
be something they think about every day
for the rest of their lives and then it
the guy just doesn't have to live with
it just doesn't think about it it goes
away for him I think that says it's much
about this situation is anything is it
the most traumatic experience of dr.
Lacey Ford's life is something that
Brett Kavanaugh doesn't even remember
could it be any other Saturday night or
Friday night in his high school career
and it's I think it's a microcosm of
what we're dealing with in this country
on these issues the level of detail in
her testimony you mentioned in the front
door you know and she said that when
they were remodeling their home she
wanted to have two front doors and she
you know got a fight with her husband
about this and other people who were
working on the house and no one could
understand why she wanted the second
door and that's how she ended up when
when she was in couples therapy with her
husband bringing up the incident for the
first time you have her bring this up in
2012 in a therapy session you have four
sworn statements from friend of her
friends of hers that she brought this up
with them over the years and then we
found it you know we as we learned today
she brought this up to her
representatives before Cavanaugh was
nominated for the court I think I saw
Chris Hayes tweet about this but you
saying basically she was trying to do
the White House's vetting for them and
she said a couple times during that
testimony I was hoping I was praying
they would go for an equally qualified
conservative nominee for the court and
not Cavanaugh and when I thought that
they weren't going to do that when I was
worried about it I started coming
forward cuz I thought he might end up
being the one so like none of that none
of that points to the fact that she
might have made this up somehow yeah I
mean here's the thing a lot of times
when we talk about sexual assault people
say that that women lie about it and you
know I think that if people are
up enough to sexually assault each other
there are people that would be up
enough to lie about it but I here's the
way that I think that most of the lies
around sexual assault happen if you're a
woman that has had it happen to you you
have to lie about it so you can get
through the rest of your life you have
to lie about how big of a deal it was to
you you have to lie about your ability
to overcome it without intervention
and I think men who do it lie about it
too they lie about it so they can tell
themselves that there's they're the sort
of person who doesn't rape people they
need to rewrite history as it's
happening we've talked about this on
hysteria a lot of you know some of my
co-hosts have had interactions with men
that were definitely not okay where a
man tried to overpower you or a man
tried to do something to you that wasn't
okay uh and in in my case at least the
guy who tried to do it to me
reached out to me years later to like
friend request me on Facebook and was
like hey how's it going it's been so
great to see your success like to me
that was me witnessing him trying to
pretend that that hadn't happened and I
think that that is the biggest liar on
sexual assault people needing to pretend
that it didn't happen so that they can
believe what they believe about what
kind of person they are and Brett
Kavanaugh clearly has an idea of what
kind of person he is he's the captain of
the basketball team he got into Yale he
went to parties and just had a good time
he drank a lot of beer he's not the kind
of person who ruins someone's life he
needs to not believe he's that person
and and we'll get to sort of his side of
this whole hearing later but you could
sort of tell you could tell that in his
anger and his testimony to write that in
his mind he's like and he kept saying
this over and over I've been through so
many FBI investigations I've been so
public for so long I've gotten this far
I'm a good father I'm a basketball coach
and you could tell he he genuinely
believes all those things to be true and
it's possible that all those things are
true and he still sexually assaulted
dr. Blasi Ford you know like I think
he's trying to set up the situation the
Republicans are like Oh everyone's
trying to paint this guy as an evil
monster his whole life and he's not he's
this good guy but it seems like it's
much more complicated than that
it's absolutely because people are more
complicated than that because here's the
thing people can evolve and people can
change and people can behave in ways
that are abhorrent when they're under
the influence of alcohol or drugs and as
they mature they can move away from
being the sort of person who would do
that kind of thing but I also think that
it would be less difficult for me to
accept if Brett Kavanaugh were the sort
of person who who wanted who believed in
those qualities from other people his
record for example doesn't in any way
support the idea that people deserve
Redemption for mistakes they made when
they were teenagers you know he was a
person who on the DC circuit pushed for
an undocumented teen to not be able to
obtain an abortion after she had met all
the legal requirements set forth by
Texas law you know the GOP is the party
of mandatory minimum sentencing for
underage drug offenders the GOP is the
party of mandating pregnant teens carry
pregnancies to term I just don't I think
that if Cavanaugh in any way exhibited
the forgiveness that he wants the world
to give him now that would be something
that would maybe move me a little bit
but he hasn't he's incapable of
experiencing any divergence from his
personal narrative about himself and
there's been zero self-examination about
any mistakes he has made in his life
either just even beyond this specific
allegation just about being an
17-year olds which many seventeen year
olds can be being obnoxious to other
people drinking too much and just ed
every single time he refuses to
acknowledge any fault on himself which
raises real questions about his larger
denials because if you lie about the
small things repeatedly it suggests that
you would also why about the big things
yeah we were all of course texting about
this all day and anna-marie Cox was
saying catchable lies that's what he
keeps he keeps telling these catchable
lies and that is the story of the entire
confirmation process with him from
beginning to end whether it's about and
we've said this a million times on this
podcast whether it's about you know
receiving stolen documents during that
hearing whether it's his opening
statement about how you know Trump has
never consulted more people for any
position ever and today I think small
things in his yearbook right like it's
just all these little lies that are
easily proven false that he keeps
telling which tells you that there is a
credibility issue at stake here
he is there's there's two people here
there's dr. Ford and there's Brett
Kavanaugh Brett Kavanaugh has been
caught in dozens of Lies already big in
small and she has not been so the
Republicans had an Arizona prosecutor
named Rachel Mitchell
handle the questions for the Republicans
to dr. Ford because I they didn't they
didn't like the understandably optics of
what is it eleven men on the Judiciary
Committee eleven Republican men
questioning dr. Ford Republicans have
never had a woman on the tertiary
committee in the hundreds of years
no Judiciary Committee that's correct so
they had they had an Arizona prosecutor
named Rachel Mitchell who you know her
background is in prosecuting sex crimes
she handled the questions for dr. Ford
what did we think of that how did how
did that go well it depends on what
you're interested in getting out of this
hearing if you're interested in her
prosecuting a woman who says that she
experienced sexual assault in the same
way that she would prosecute someone
accused of sexual assault then you
didn't get what you wanted what I saw
people on Twitter saying that she
essentially subjected dr. Ford to a
standard intake like a standard series
of intake questions that you would you
would ask a sexual assault survivor but
just in five minutes and interviewed or
interrupted by it yeah Democratics
grandstanding and speeches for the most
part so it was a really bizarre kind of
construction for this entire thing I
think that it seemed that she didn't
really know the facts of the case that
she was dealing with that she asked
questions that that betrayed a lack of
knowledge and I also think that by the
end she kind of knew that she'd
up and she asked dr. Ford if you know
she can acknowledge that this is a weird
Foreman dr. Ford was like yeah and I and
I saw a lot of Republicans were pretty
mad about it I don't think that they
were satisfied that she did their
bidding for them yeah I think it was a
very poorly conceived plan the books
executed even more poorly you're right
she had seemed to have less knowledge of
the facts than the average twitter user
who's been following this closely and
where she seemed to have the most
knowledge and most interest was not
about what happened to dr. Ford and
whether Brett Kavanaugh and Mark judge
did this but in the but to defend the
Republicans on the process of when the
hearing was gonna be and when she was in
contact with Dianne Feinstein that she
was much more interested in whether what
reporter she talked to or when
she sent a letter who paid for her
polygraph none of which is relevant to
what may or may not have happened and
that kind of gives away the game for
what the Republicans were actually after
that's what I took from it too is that
she the Republican case here is they
don't want to say that dr. Ford is a
liar so there are cases she is a victim
as is Dez's Brett Kavanaugh of a
democratic smear campaign that is the
line that they're going with because
therefore then they don't have to say
that she's a liar but they can infer
that and say that it's the Democrats
fault and it seemed as though Rachel
Mitchell's questions were trying to
support that narrative by saying who
paid for the polygraph test well dr.
Ford's lawyers paid for the polygraph
test as a standard as both of the
lawyers said during the hearing and then
there was you said you had a fear of
flying and yet here you are and the fear
of flying was supposed to delay the
hearing and so their big thing is
they're making a case that the hearing
was delayed and that that's just a
democratic strategy to delay delay delay
and so she was trying to prove that that
like Angela oh well you fly on vacations
all the time he was absurd yeah
and they were getting really hung up on
processed questions like they were they
were shaking their fists especially
during the intermissions because the
only people we got to see question four
directly was was Mitchell we didn't get
to see the actual rage of the
Republicans although that would have
been you know what I think I would have
walked slowly into the sea if I would
have had to watch that over any case
this was hard enough and but but one of
the things that she that they were
saying is just they're so mad about the
this wasn't the proper procedure this is
this and that my my main point about
this is that if you found serious
serious misbehavior among a nominee for
the highest court in the land it doesn't
really matter how you found out that
information like I was saying earlier if
someone walked by my apartment building
and saw flames coming out of my bedroom
window and broke in and saved my cat and
I walked by and I was like wait how'd
you get my apartment building to put the
cat back in there you know you can pay
for your uber over the apartment did
George Soros make you Keyes like that
that's ridiculous I think that it's in
America's best interest to be aware of
all of the skeletons in the closets of
people that are nominated to be
Supreme Court justices and to be angry
about the process is egregious yeah and
it's also Brett Kavanaugh does not have
a right to be on the Supreme Court right
the standard of whether you get a
lifetime appointment to the highest
court in the land is not beyond a
reasonable doubt it is a job interview
and it is the Senate's job Senate's
responsibility to ensure that they put
someone on the court who beyond a shadow
of a doubt is not a person who would
engage in these sorts of things exceeds
his right Brett Kavanaugh was right to
be on the court in the amount of
entitlement that Republicans and Brad
Cavanaugh himself have had about this
role as Frank is disgusting really yeah
I mean III good oh no I was just gonna
say though watching him kind of react
with aggression to being questioned and
being so emotionally volatile volatile
during his portion of the hearing it
sort of maybe it reminded me very much
of like a you know an 80s teen bully and
our president is kind of in that model
too like it's it's a sort of overly
emotional reactive man who can't handle
anything but getting exactly what he
wants all the time and that's what I was
seeing today he's a guy who plays all
