but uh it seems like we are closer than
ever to a genuine constitutional crisis
where the President of the United States
tries to shut down an investigation of
which he himself is a target an
investigation into a potential criminal
conspiracy between Donald Trump his
associates and foreign agents that has
already led to 19 indictments five
guilty pleas including the president's
former national security adviser his
former campaign manager and two other
campaign aides and the crisis part comes
if and when the Republicans who were in
Congress do absolutely nothing this so
let's start from the beginning
this the events unfolded over the
weekend they began Friday night
paint us a picture John on Friday night
Jeff Sessions fired deputy FBI director
Andrew McCabe a few days before McCabe
was scheduled to retire which would deny
him his pension and other benefits
sessions said that an internal report
found that McCabe wasn't honest about a
conversation he authorized between FBI
officials and a journalist in an
interview with The New York Times McCabe
responded the idea that I was dishonest
is just wrong this is part of an effort
to discredit me as a witness how big of
a deal is this which part the fact that
he was fired uh it's incredibly
vindictive and cruel and was clearly a
setup from the very beginning I mean so
let's just
we should stipulate that we don't know
what McCabe did wrong exactly or if he
did anything wrong because because this
Inspector General report has not been
released yet we know that he was allowed
to authorize communications with
reporters the allegation is that when he
was asked about it as part of a broader
investigation into the way the Clinton
Foundation issue was investigated he
misled them which is really weird to
think that he would mislead them about
something so easy to verify and
important but we don't have this report
yet but like the the the standard he's
being held to is not did he leak or not
that's not the question the question is
whether he was honest about whether he
authorized this communication with
journalists and so if Trump or anyone in
the White House was held to that same
ethical standard they would all be fired
they would not they would be gone yeah
so we don't know what's in the report
but it doesn't really matter because of
the way Trump conducts himself it will
not be possible for anyone to actually
believe
this report was conducted fair no matter
what is in that right like either no
there's no that the I saw some sort of
conservatives on Twitter being like a
lot of a lot of people confident that
this is some kind of a political act
when they haven't read the IG report
okay guys first of all we think it's a
coincidence that this happened Friday
night two days before his pension
exactly he was gonna get his pension
when Donald Trump has been his has been
hankering for this guy to be fired that
a pension for months his son his idiot
son was tweeting about it and Donald
Trump jr. doesn't pick things up for it
doesn't have his own ideas he gets them
from his dad or from the same idiot
sources that his dad get his information
there are some facts of you and ask you
to react okay here's some facts for you
John December nineteenth McCabe
testifies behind doors close doors of
the house Intel committee and
corroborates commis account of his
meeting with Trump that leaked
immediately and then shortly after the
DOJ Inspector General decided to
expedite the portion of this
investigation that directly related to
McCabe a couple days later Trump tweeted
the FBI director Andrew McCabe is racing
the clock to retire with full benefits
ninety days to go do you think it was
coincident well this was then fired in a
rush this report I was gonna say McCabe
statement there where he said this is a
part of an effort to discredit me as a
witness let's remember McCabe is one of
the few people whom Comey told about all
the times the Trump tried to obstruct
justice yeah the loyalty pledge all the
other is to Flynn yeah and so
McCabe becomes a pretty powerful witness
and an obstruction case and so if they
can say well McCabe's actually a liar he
was fired because he didn't tell the
truth James Comey also a liar he was
fired because he didn't tell the truth
now they can start discrediting all the
witnesses they could prove that Trump
obstructed justice I know by the way now
he's got a vendetta because we fired him
for cause and he's you know he's
actually suing me like how you trust
this guy this guy that's not suing me I
mean he's just he's just a crazy
disgruntled guy exactly right the other
thing we know is McCabe took notes
he's got memos just like Jim Comey's got
memos they think memos
Trump Ramon's call him the fake memos
now can we call them the fake memo you
can do it everyone go ahead I believe
Devin newness has already taken that
term but go ahead
McCabe has lawyered up so this is
interesting so then over the weekend
Trump goes on Twitter
to celebrate McCabe's firing attacks
James Comey is a corrupt liar and says
for the first time that the Muller probe
should never have been started a
sentiment that was echoed by his lawyer
John Dowd who emailed The Daily Beast to
say that he hoped the Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein would shut down
Muller's investigation and did he quote
from like Finnegan's Wake but do we
think John dad was just wasted on st.
Patrick's Day and firing off emails to a
cast of characters that he's got on his
legal team is between Ty Cobb and John
Dowd and all of them they're all pretty
weird they're good lawyers almost as if
they're the smartest and most
sophisticated lawyers are not interested
they took an ass on this one so here's
the question why now
what has finally pushed Trump over the
edge I guess the only advice that his
lawyers have all given him or one of the
most peace most important pieces of
advice they've given him is whatever you
do don't say Muller's name don't call
for the firing and somehow and all this
time Trump has taken their advice until
this weekend yeah I mean the one thing
we know is that in recent weeks Muller
has begun seeking Trump Organization
financial information yeah and but but
but but what sir he's he subpoenaed
Trump Organization for documents related
to its efforts to build a Trump Tower in
Moscow specifically that seems
interesting but what's what's been the
leaks the way the leaks have been
happening they don't seem to be coming
from the Moller side they seem to come
from other people being asked about it
or from the Trump side or from elsewhere
from witnesses so we're always a bit
behind right we find out about things
weeks after the fact so it's not clear
what happened this weekend but it's very
clear that Trump has been agitating
because of these subpoenas so there's a
couple other things I think you
mentioned love it the subpoenas for the
Trump Organization documents it was also
reported that Muller sent the White
House a list of questions for Trump for
when he interviews Trump that has got
them a little nervous those questions
are reportedly focused on not just the
campaign but during the White House on
obstruction specifically with Trump's
relationship with James Comey and
Trump's relationship
Flynn so that's gotten them all nervous
and then there's the other Washington
parlor game like Trump is free to do
whatever he wants now he feels loose
because now he has no one controlling
him cuz hopes gone and Gary cones gone
he doesn't give a about John Kelly
anymore and so it's Trump Unleashed you
know because he was really reserved up
until now the reserved guy he's gonna
he's unbuttoned his top collar finally I
don't know it's hard to get inside that
addled brain it is amazing though that
he is now actively attacking Muller by
name via tweet and in the Washington
Post did a great piece of where they
they did a they did a quick scrub of the
tweet where he said the mole approach
had never been started blah blah blah
ends with calling it a witch hunt and
they detailed five major inaccuracies in
just one tweet which is just remarkable
because the guy is like he's flailing in
such an incredibly embarrassing way
because I think of the questions we're
talking about yeah like their their
argument their defense that Trump
shouldn't sit down with Muller's team is
that they're setting quote of perjury
trap so you're saying no no no we'll
give you the questions that advance will
tell you the things were gonna ask their
substantive their fact-based we're not
trying to trap you into lying to us and
that is scared him more than almost
anything else so far I mean the whole
idea of a perjury trap is so funny
I know don't lie my client tends to lie
a lot and by sitting down with you you
might get him to do so by asking him a
question it's like calling a bank a
robbery trap with the reaction to all
this there's a lot of people very
incensed on Twitter over this over the
weekend what are you talking about
Twitter it's not really usually the
picture of calm oh man a lot of people
crossing the delaware twitter this
weekend you know just standing at the
front of that ship paddling across the
Delaware for the guys but I want to talk
about one tweet from someone who is is
not sanctimonious loose in our
experience former CIA director John
Brennan hears of the tweet and this was
about Trump's tweet celebrating the cave
McCabe's firing quote when the full
extent of your venality moral turpitude
and political corruption becomes known
you will take your rightful place as the
disgraced demagogue and the dustbin of
history
you may scapegoat Andy McCabe but you
will not destroy America America will
triumph over you now you guys have to
like no John Brennan and have worked
with John Brennan to understand how
unusual that seems meantime you worked
with him closely yeah the funny thing
about John is those are words he
actually uses in conversations like I
think a lot of people were like oh you
know thesaurus.com over there well he is
we're doing
he loves that kind of language but yeah
John I think John's an institutionalist
nonpartisan guy yeah I think he is
rightly incredibly upset at the
incessant attacks on law enforcement and
people like Andy McCabe and and just the
you know the immorality and lack of care
about you know the people trying to keep
us safe
but also he's seen underlying
intelligence he's doing some of it yeah
but I also think that he's seen
underlying intelligence I also think to
myself think of the that John
Brennan has seen as the DES former
director of the CIA and he always he's
like a picture of calm when you see him
in the White House you know he's good
like he's running the bin Laden
operation there's a million things going
on and now he's Thomas Paine on Twitter
now yeah seasoned as as you get that
that sort of worried me a little bit
watch so let's talk about the Republican
reaction which was a little different so
here's the good we had Lindsey Graham
saying that the firing mulher would be
the beginning of the end of trumps
presidency we had Jeff Flake saying it's
a massive red line that can't be crossed
we've got trey gowdy trey Gowdy welcome
to the resistance saying saying Trump
should leave Muller alone what just I
don't wanna move past trey Gowdy for one
second because what a parallel
universe we're living in trey gowdy
who politicized the Benghazi
investigation like his life depended on
it who made it his mission to bring down
Hillary Clinton with misleading
endless investigations for him newness
has gone too far
and the Republican failure to stand up
to Trump's attacks on Muller have gone
too far that we have crossed Trey
Gowdy's line tells you something that
tells you just how broken the Republican
response is sorry these guys finding a
conscience when they retire though
can you please have a conscience while
you're still in office while you're
running for re-election yeah not
possible children well for from Paul
Ryan we just got a spokesperson Ashley
strong went on the record and said
Miller should be able to do his job as
Paul Ryan has always believed no no John
you you're you're not you're not saying
it properly it's Paul Ryan believes then
to complete his work he's long believed
that it's important that the
investigation be allowed to continue all
of them have the power literally just to
protect Muller's job yeah they could put
forward legislation that makes this a
moot point Trump is trying to politicize
it Trump is the one out there
politicizing it he's saying this is a
bunch of Democrats this is a partisan
witch hunt
never mind that Bob Muller's a
Republican rod Rosen Stein was appointed
by Donald Trump he's making this thing
about party which is ludicrous sorry I
need the table
well and he's testing them right Trump
is testing the Republican side doing
this and I think I mean Sam Stein made
this point over the weekend but the
bigger story here is not Trump's
reactions and his tweets and stuff like
that we're all used to that that's all
crazy-like the bigger story here is the
fact that he's coming close to this line
yes and the Republicans are just doing
nothing like me and then Paul Ryan at
least Paul Ryan in this instance had a
spokesperson come out and say something
 nothing from Mitch McConnell not
a word not a word no one expects it for
him because he's the most Craven sad
little coward in in Congress but why
would Trump expect anything less from
them these are the people who watch the
excess hollywood tape and and came out
and made statements like how could i
look my daughter in the eye again if i
supported this man Jay Finn Chaffetz you
failed Fox News Blackey now and then
they and then they supported him or Ted
Cruz who had his wife insulted and then
went in phonebank for the guy the next
day he knows their moral midgets and
they're not gonna do anything so yeah I
agree with all of that it is interesting
though that they felt the White House
Trump felt compelled to put out a
statement I don't know a Saturday or
Sunday from the lawyer saying Trump has
not discussed is not considering you
know Ty Cobb yesterday said Trump is not
considering firing Moeller not
considering were discussing firing
Muller right so they did feel somehow
that was a lie well obvious is a lie is
considering it on Twitter but
it's interesting that what it's always
fascinating to me when the
rules somehow apply like what what was
happening on the White House that they
felt I'm sure to say that this is a
personality difference between Ty Cobb
and John doubt remember Ty Cobb has
always been the one who's telling Trump
yeah the whole thing's gonna end by
Thanksgiving the whole thing's gonna end
by Christmas don't worry about it Ty
Cobb keeps keeping things from Trump to
make sure that Trump doesn't go crazy
and fire Muller so ty Cobbs strategy is
to not it's Alette Muller do his job but
that is not John Dowd strategy that is
not the rest of them the rest go get a
steak at BLT and just hash it out
they're all they're all on board with
this because there was a story in
Politico this morning that was like in
the midterms all of these senators that
are up or that want to flip states in
the midterms they all want Trump
campaigning with them they want Trump
coming to all their states Dean Heller
is gonna want it you know all the other
people they're all they want they're
gonna be with Trump in 2018 so like
they're not gonna stand up to him also
he has he has there was a great story in
the New York Times I think Saturday or
Sunday about how Trump immediately
killed off this vaunted Steve ban and
insurrection with primary candidates
running in places like Nevada and
everywhere else like they're all gone
Trump has just taken them out he's still
a potent force in a Republican primary I
mean he is a nice party he's an
incredibly popular Republican who
espouses positions and ideas that the
base really likes and he there's no the
idea that he's not like there's no he's
not a Republican he's Trump he is now
the leader of the publican party that is
fundamentally why Paul Ryan Mitch
McConnell Dean Heller all these guys are
scared of him because he is big loves
him he's Hawk stick to us and we forget
that he's not he's not succeeding
despite what the Republican Party stands
for he is what the Republican Party
stands yeah so how would this happen how
did this go down if if Trump wants so
Trump can't fire Muller directly what
Trump can do is he can order rod Rosen
Stein the Deputy Attorney General to
fire
Mahler as of a couple weeks ago whereas
in science ed I see no reason to fire
him he should do his job which is
important because even even even Trump
needs a cause he needs an explanation
he can't just
to fight he has to have he has to be
fired for cause so he could try to order
rod to do this Rosen sign could resign
and then if he resigned it would fall to
the Solicitor General
Noel Francisco who was a former Bush DOJ
lawyer to then have to do it so this
basically is like what happened in
Watergate with Saturn and a Saturday
night massacre where Nixon ended up
firing a few people who decided not to
do it until finally I think Robert Bork
did it yeah
so everybody so then the question is so
the question is what can we do Tommy you
mentioned there's already bipartisan
legislation out there to protect smaller
there's a couple different bills in the
Senate it seems like a we should push
for that Adam Schiff over the weekend
called for if Muller does get fired
immediately passing an Independent
Counsel law to reinstate Muller if it
happens there has also been some talk
the government is going to run out of
money again at the end of this week
we're back to a possible shutdown and
once again Paul Ryan needs Democratic
votes in the house to pass a funding
bill because the freedom caucus doesn't
like to keep the government running and
pass anything and so the question is
should Democrats demand that some kind
of legislation to protect Muller
be attached to this government funding
bill I think it's a good idea
what is the downside right you guys say
push for it right Paul Ryan thinks this
is important investigation that should
continue trey Gowdy says this is not
about Donald Trump this is about Russian
interference like there is all the
political cover in the world to put
forward something that is bipartisan and
should be supported by every single
person in Congress we know they won't
because they're partisan hacks and
that's what this is really about but yes
yeah there's no argument against it
right it's like we don't need to be
protected because Muller hasn't been
fired oh yeah but so then but it doesn't
