Jake Tapper welcome to plaid save
America okay I'm a little nervous
I will admit having been on the other
end welcome Thank You Tommy
welcome to Thunderdome oh no it's love
it's here what's gonna happen this is
your first time although you were a
frequent guest I'm keeping at 1,600 back
in the day I would I would appear I
can't believe we haven't had you on
punset marriage well I have an out here
I have an hour do I mean do we need to
provide for the listener any context
that I will just say that I was a huge
pain in your butts for eight to ten
years I don't know you're talking about
how we had very pleasant exchanges we
called you the softie go out there you
go yes Jake any any Trump administration
official listening who thinks Jake is
too mean to them just know that one time
Jake and I got an argument so heated
that someone looped in his wife to calm
us both down yeah they're under I mean
that's not including when Gibbs and I
were gonna meet each other outside by
the North long physical fight literally
was gonna win those when those emails
are fired
we were going to meet each other out by
this by the North Lawn yeah I think it's
who got the first one in honestly I
think it's a luck of the draw and I'll
say this Gibbs is meaner so I think he
might have won the fight he would have
just gone right in and hit in the face
before I did it could do anything all
bark no bite Robert do you think you
know that let's talk about the White
House Correspondents Dinner that ruined
America on Saturday um so the
Correspondents Association said when
they invited Michelle wolf that they
liked that she speaks truth to power and
then last night they put out a statement
saying that her monologue was not in the
spirit of their mission what did you
think of where'd you think of that
statement and what did you think of the
dinner I mean my general first of all
she made fun of me and nobody is out
there defending me which is very hurtful
she did a whole thing about me and what
what what well I think that I think it's
the kind of joke yeah she made fun of
you but she sort of singled you out as
someone she liked she wasn't as mean to
me as Obama was if that's what you mean
Obama's Joe would love it you mean
Lovitz joe Lovitz joke that Obama
with actually again similarly here it's
a little tough it's one really well I
really the first draft of the joke was
just it just said F Jake Tapper five
times
anylock knock the podium over and their
leader a magician I don't know how you
got Lovett to talk about it's a previous
correspondent speech triumph adrenalin
oh this is so I will let me say this I'm
not like the comedy police I'm not gonna
come in here and tell you which jokes
are laughed at which ones I thought
weren't appropriate some of them I
laughed at some of them I didn't but I
will say this I have been trying to have
on my show a conversation about decency
for the last two and a half three years
about what is appropriate to say in the
public sphere and what is not
appropriate to say in the public sphere
and the position the times I've like
taken positions on my show because I
don't take positions on tax reform or
immigration or the wall or North Korea
whatever stuff you guys take positions I
don't do that but I do try to take a
position on facts and I do try to take a
position on decency so we've been having
this conversation for two and a half
three years if the Trump White House and
Trump supporters in the media want to
have this conversation now about decency
I welcome them to the table but they've
got some catching up to do before we get
to a comedian at the White House
Correspondents Association dinner we
have discussions to have about the way
that women are talked about the way that
women women's faces are talked about
Carly fiorina's face about the way that
disabled people people with disabilities
are referred to just a few weeks ago the
president made a Driss of comment about
one of his own former aides with an
alcohol and drug dependency issue I mean
if we're gonna talk about decency I'm
all for it and and Michelle wolf can be
part of that conversation but there's
there's really there's really a big
backup of material before we get to that
yeah there's there's the I agree with
you on the decency to be like Trump
should apologize to surge Kowalewski
whom he made fun of for having a
disability because real denies it you
still deny so like there's that gas
legging that goes on but I think I think
one of the things that people love about
your show you're reporting is that
you're not a big euphemism guy you don't
sit up there and accuse people
dissembling or stating falsehoods you
say you're lying and I wish more
journalists did that I wish more people
spoke the
way Michelle Williams did at the
Correspondents Dinner oh sorry mister I
wish more journalist poked away Michelle
wolf dated the Correspondents Dinner and
spoke truth to power and and didn't
fudge it for us isn't that what we want
out of journalism is that what a First
Amendment event should celebrate yeah I
mean I think I think the lie reference
to Sara hander singer Sanders and the
smoky eye which I had to look up by the
way I don't know what I didn't know what
it was I got it's never any gay people
to put me you got it immediately you
know what a smoky eye was yes I knew
what a smoky eye was I didn't have any
friends in high school I found out what
a smoky little black just sort of a nice
you know what we'll do with it later
people tweeted Tommy what a smoky eye
it's like I'm like kind of like it's
just like a way of doing the makeup so
there's kind of like kind of dark around
the eye the smoky eye wasn't necessarily
the insult the insult was the Kardashian
the insult was the reference to aunt
Lydia on have you looked at a picture
aunt Lydia okay you don't think that she
was also making the comparison that they
look a little bit alike you don't think
that was part of it I think that was
part undoubted okay so and then also the
female softball coach I mean she was
look she thinks she was making jokes
about how Sarah Sanders looks I mean I
think she was more important where the
jokes she was making about how Sarah
Sanders conducts herself or I mean but
she was making jokes about how serious
and has lost Sarah Sanders looks I don't
know why we would pretend otherwise and
look I mean that's not my cup of tea but
at the same time again I find it
difficult to get upset about what a
comedian says in a dinner that you know
a couple million people watch versus a
tone that is being set nationally by the
President of the United States the van
Jones who you guys know and respect has
this thing he talks about about how a
president is a spiritual leader whether
he wants to be or not that he talks
about how John F Kennedy inspired people
to join the Peace Corps he talks about
how Ronald Reagan inspired people to go
to Wall Street I would add he probably
Reagan probably also inspired people to
join the military Barack Obama for all
the criticisms and tough coverage I
provider of Barack Obama there's no
question that he inspired millions of
people recruited for Isis
[Laughter]
just provided Fox and Friends their lead
to that no there's no way there's no way
that he didn't inspire millions of
people on on issues having to do with
race and issues of having to be a good
father and that sort of thing it's
inevitable it just is
presidents inspire people that way look
at the outpouring that Barbara Bush
people legitimately moved by Barbara
Bush and her being a tough broad I mean
that in the best possible way decades
before that was cool unacceptable even
if you didn't like what she stand for
whatever Donald Trump is a spiritual
leader and just the question is what is
the leadership should be where is he
where is he leading people what like
what is what is the example being said
and I see a lot of people being led and
have been a way that is indecent and his
mean I guess my my the most annoying
take from that dinner for me was that
you hate the dinner to begin with like
if you saw those jokes and you even find
them funny that's fine if you thought
some of them are too mean that's fine -
everyone's tellin everybody no big deal
sure leapin from that - like this gave
Donald Trump such a political gift
seemed a little odd to me well I mean I
think like do you think that like Trump
voters anywhere in the country they were
like on the edge and then they saw
Michelle wolf and like that's it now
it's really a fake news media because
this comedian got up there and told
jokes well I mean it's one of the things
that you get when you're outside of
Washington DC or if you still aren't
drinking the water which is which is
there is an over inflation of our own
importance and how much people are
actually paying attention to any of this
and the truth of the matter is that that
not very many people saw it not that
many people care the people don't bring
it up and you know at the end of the day
people are going about their business
and they care much more about you know
health care or the economy or jobs or
North Korea or whatever than they do
about a comedian and that's just that's
just true one way or the other and by
the way we do have this discussion every
year about whether or not so-and-so
comedian went too far every year we have
this discussion I mean Larry Wilmore the
guy last year I forget his name I'm
gonna yeah and and every year there's a
discussion of well they're under Bush
Colbert under Bush that was yeah people
like and then they overcorrected they
had
rich little the next year I was not good
yeah I mean I guess for me does a great
impression of people who are no longer
Larsen his Nixon is great you gotta give
them that I guess that's how I know
Nixon Wendell Willkie what a Haldeman he
does but I guess to me I was I think
there's this decency debate that also
feels shallow to me because it almost
feels like in the same way that you know
a pg-13 movie becomes an arm movie if
you say three times but you can
have the most vulgar and crass and
disgusting violence and issues in all of
it raised before you get to that R
rating and some of that room full of
people describing her using the word
 or an insulting joke about Tara
Huckabee Sanders as indecent Timmy feels
like a childish definition of indecent
right like that was my problem like okay
some jokes crossed the line but you
understand that that the conduct of
these people regardless of the words
they use even regardless of the insults
is indecent in a larger way like it
almost feels as though that room is not
capable of actually seeing the level
it's it's it almost like that that
attacking michelle wolf is to pretend we
live in a more decent world than we do
yeah i mean look i take your point and i
don't disagree that the idea that that
the word is being used is so
shocking today when the reason the word
has been mainstreamed in any degree to
any degree is because President Trump
was on tape saying that he would grab
women by the in because he was a
celebrity he could get away with it I
mean that that that is much more
shocking than the word the word
you know the word is a curse word or
whatever and you get in trying to make
sure my kids are if they're listening
that you know how to use that word but
but but but the ID but the act of
grabbing women even if he wasn't talking
about that body party if it's talking on
anybody part their shoulder whatever
that is offensive that is much more
offensive and I agree that there's a
forest for the trees things that happens
in Washington but it's eminently
predictable Conor lamb won an extremely
conservative district and I don't think
he ran as conservative or too
right as people think he did what
traditional double yeah western
Pennsylvania pro-union
pro-gun very heavy I mean pretty it's
either at the center of the party or
even left on economic issues especially
that type that type is very familiar to
Pennsylvanians the you know like a like
a Bob Casey Democrat conservative on a
lot of social issues but ultimately when
it comes to economic issues really about
unions and paychecks and that that is a
way to win but tell me who represents
that Joe Biden well I mean that's
exactly we're gonna have to see who runs
and what they say like I don't think all
these people's positions are fully
formed was not a person you're talking
about a platform you're talking about
will the democratic party have a set of
policies and a an agenda that appeals to
the people you're talking about that can
win in Pennsylvania and I think that's a
challenge but I think it's a solvable
challenge the only names that I've heard
that fit that and it's just it's early
yet but the only names that I hear that
they're like that are like sherrod Brown
who still has to where he has to win it
reelection first and maybe Bullock from
Montana and has Pennsylvania changed and
you're from Pennsylvania is Pennsylvania
changed that much since 2012 when Barack
Obama won there hano no like you know
and I think think of all of the
commentary back in oh eight when Obama
was losing to Hillary and the primary
and Pennsylvania when people like oh
he's never gonna win Pennsylvania well I
never thought that because it's because
but I then again I never thought that I
would I would live to see a Republican
win Pennsylvania again cuz I thought it
was I thought it was just trend I mean I
always have something I was nineteen
when a Republican I'm almost I'm forty
nine now I was nineteen when a
Republican last one Pennsylvania and
then Trump on it and and no it hasn't
changed that much it's just there are a
lot of you know this there are a lot of
working-class people who feel like
Washington is just shut them out for the
last 30 years and Obama may cling to
their guns and religion just repeating
the line the Hellfire Club you know what
it was the word cling that was the
problem yeah you can say it was not they
turned to he'll say that or they find
comfort
right anyway anyway but but I don't know
I mean but this is also the argument
when when people talk about talk to me
when when Hillary Clinton speaks in
India about how Donald Trump won and the
idea that like 200 American counties
that voted for Obama twice turned to
Donald Trump because there was like this
racial racist awakening is nonsense to
me and you end to you people to you guys
doing I think that I think that's too
easy I think that's too easy to say that
it's nonsense I think that that that
Donald Trump may have had the ability to
kind of reorganize voters and to make
racial grievance more salient and that
doesn't well he made explicit racial
appeals that Mitt Romney the John McCain
refused to make and so it is hard to
rerun an election with Trump as the
Republican candidate in O eight and
twelve I mean I you know but the
question is if you're talking about the
ten percent of the voters who switched
or whatever it is five percent of the
Verizon accounting where those people
switch from voting for Obama twice
because Mitt Romney and John McCain
refused to be racist and we're not
racist and suddenly this guy was racist
so they went from voting for Obama twice
to voting for a well so it's it's
complicated because it might not be a
completely race a lot of it is
anti-immigrant sentiment too and there I
think there were some people who voted
for Obama twice who still were
uncomfortable with immigration and too
many immigrants in this but because but
Obama was able to straddle the issue and
McCain and Romney didn't make a huge
deal of it and Trump did and this might
have activated that much again but it's
it's also like I think there's so many
different reasons for this all right
it's economic some of its racial if it's
anti-immigrant think to make it one
simple explanation right is but Hillary
Clinton those comments in India I think
were problematic because they did tend
to simplifying it to a degree and let me
just also say that the same day that
there was coverage of her her comments
in India there was that story about 4
million obama voters not voting right
and a third of them were black and like
that's your 80,000 vote margin right
there right and that's like the other
argument to what you're saying with
pennsylvania is like maybe the path is
to get someone that can drastically
boost turn
out in Philadelphia and other parts and
get the bass more excited and get
Millennials were excited I think it's a
bunch of ways we can do this I think we
the the focus of what happened last time
hasn't been entirely honest from white
working-class communities in places like
outside Pittsburgh and there's a other
pass to win that we're the margin you're
talking about because I mean Moe as you
know Obama lost most counties in
Pennsylvania he just won the most
populous but but Trump just drove up the
margins it would win counties 70/30 as
opposed you know that ones that Obama
lost 55 45 I tend to think it's gonna be
a mix between getting back some of the
people who voted for Obama in 8 and 12
and then didn't vote in 2016 who were
disproportionately young and
african-american and people of color and
women and getting back some of the Obama
Trump voters who are you know have less
polarizing racial attitudes than maybe
some other Trump voters yeah but wanted
but thought that Washington had sold
them out right I think so I think it's
some of but I think it's probably an
abuse um of both but Bhama thought that
Washington sold voters out on trade
deals I mean that was part of his I mean
I was airing o7o and I think I think an
anti Washington message is going to be
very important and for whichever
Democrat runs which is why I think you
know some of these governors some people
who haven't been in Washington long or
probably will see how about I will say
this I mean Donald Trump you know as you
guys know better than anyone you
underestimate him at your own peril I
mean he has political gifts in his
political skills and and he has a way of
becoming of being anti Washington I mean
it's always funny when presidents or
sitting senators or congressmen run
against Washington but Donald Trump yeah
you know that's been his whole thing
Washington's out to get him he hates it
the deep stayed all this stuff I mean
he's gonna lay a claim to that that's
gonna be a lot easier than Barack Obama
being anti Washington in 2012 yeah yeah
I think I think one of the big lessons
you know you all the ways of slicing and
dicing I think obviously important but
to me like stepping back whether it's
people who didn't turn out for Hillary
who otherwise would have or people who
switched from Obama to Trump I think one
of the lessons we took away from it
early on at least I did was we need to
stop saying that people feel left behind
and start saying that people are left
behind right and I think that Trump woke
people up to just how damaged
people's relationship to their
government
