all right dan this is it this is a huge
day for you on the pod not just because
you announced that you and Holly are
going to become parents for the first
time not just because you announced your
upcoming book but because yesterday
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan announced
that he will not seek re-election in
November the obituaries have all been
written the takes have all been taken
but Friends of the pod all over the
world have been waiting patiently to
hear from their favorite Paul Ryan hater
Dan give us your reaction well many
people have been calling for a ranch
don't don't give in don't give in to the
rent yet
don't act like you like when you get to
the end zone act like you've been there
before
look it is Paul Ryan is as responsible
for Donald Trump being president as any
person walking the planet today with the
possible exceptions of Vladimir Putin
and Jim Comey and because it's important
to remember that you know they're all
these they're been all these cakes which
say you know Paul Ryan's Republican
Party is gone it's been replaced by
Donald Trump's that's not what happened
what happened was people like Paul Ryan
were willing to cater to and coddle the
racist and within that within the
Republican Party in order to try to win
votes and they did that for so long that
before they knew it Donald Trump became
president and when Donald Trump was
running around spouting racist birther
conspiracies against Barack Obama did
Paul Ryan stand up and tell him to stop
nope all Ryan quietly fungus hung is
Paul Ryan quietly herded his sad eyes
and hopes for votes that would come from
that and so Paul Ryan leaving is great
it makes me happy
it's I'm glad he's leaving with his tail
between his legs and being exposed by
most people as the absolute fraud that
he is but we cannot he is not a victim
of what happened to the Republican Party
is the cause of what happened to the
Republican Party and that should not be
forgotten as we show in the next many
month
bidding him a long joyful
and I would also know many people have
said boys can be so boring we're gonna
miss these Paul Ryan ran far as we know
Paul Ryan's gonna be here until January
and he is gonna continue to protect kids
up to to protect want to obstruct
justice to enable corruption you get all
the things that piss you off that Paul
Ryan for another nine months so it's not
over yet yeah I am I found myself too
angry about Trump and Muller and
Rosenstein and like the Republican Party
you know just protecting and protecting
him and obstructing justice yesterday to
really have a lot of feelings about the
Paul Ryan thing like it's great that
he's gone it's great that he's leaving
but like I don't know he's doing it he's
just it's I guess I would have been more
upset if a lot of the takes yesterday a
lot of the pieces yesterday were saying
you know oh poor Paul Ryan and he was a
victim stuff like that I actually think
people people handled this pretty well
the media handled is pretty well
yesterday like Paul Ryan history will
not be kind to Paul Ryan and from
everything that I read yesterday from
maybe like 90% of the things I read
yesterday history is already not being
very kind to Paul Ryan and so I I think
that everyone most people in the media
have this exactly right what his role
has been in this entire Trump presidency
which is to enable the man at every step
because because not because like I have
come to I don't I don't think that it's
because Paul Ryan is some coward it's
because Paul Ryan since he entered
public life cares about one thing above
everything else he wants to empty the
federal treasury and give it to rich
people so that and then as a result make
sure that health care and education
programs are cut for everyone else
I mean he's told us as a million times
he talked about how in college when they
were around the keg you're dreaming of
you know cutting Medicare
he famously divided the country into
makers and takers people who make money
make a living and people who just take
from the government something that he
later apologized for but only because he
felt like he had to he really believes
in the makers takers thing and he was
willing to enable Donald Trump and
protect Donald Trump so that he could
achieve his goal of drastically cutting
the size of government cutting Medicare
which he didn't end up doing cutting
Medicaid but also passing a huge tax cut
for rich people this is what gets him up
in the morning this is what he wanted to
do and he decided early on that he would
tolerate the racism he would tolerate
the corruption he would tolerate the
attacks on the rule of law he would
tolerate this awful president and the
sexual harassment and the assault and
all this because he thought if
he pissed Trump off maybe he wouldn't
get this tax cut cast if he pissed Trump
off that maybe it would be harder for
him to achieve his legislative goals and
his legislative goals which are what he
believes is most important for the
country he genuinely believes the giving
tax cuts to millionaires and
billionaires and cutting Medicare and
Social Security in health care is the
best thing for the country
that's what Paul Ryan believes and so he
was like I will withstand anything to
get this done and that that's that is
the story of Paul Ryan speakership and
Paul Ryan's time in public life that is
a that is not a particularly generous
take on Paul Ryan but I think it's an
overly generous take on Paul Ryan it
would be the one place where I differ
with you which is Paul Ryan believes
Paul Ryan has been theoretically has
beliefs theoretically hmm but those
beliefs are in service of the party not
the country and like Obama was president
Paul Ryan was standing on the wall
screaming about a potential Greek like
debt crisis that would crush generation
and then he gets in power and we're
humpin control all the levers to cover
for the first time enough first thing he
does is pass a tax cut that would add a
trillion dollars to the deficit and what
don't
there was a way in which Paul Ryan if he
was sincere about his and Randy and Jack
Kemp Ian keg party believes Oh Kudo
oh but he's not sir he's not serious
about the deficit part yeah no that's oh
that was all a lie this whole idea that
he was like what seriously worried about
debts and deficit is a complete
lie what he used that as again as an
excuse to cut government down to its
bare bones I mean what you know the
famous quote from Grover Norquist like
we need to shrink government down to the
size where it can be drown in a bathtub
like that's what Paul Ryan believes in
he doesn't give a about deficits
and debt and all that kind of he
just he just put that out there during
the Obama presidency because what he
really wants is to just give huge tax
cuts to rich people to cut government
down to its bare bones and just have it
get out of the way he doesn't believe
that government should be helping
everyone he believes that people should
be helping themselves he is a survival
of the fittest Darwinian believer - it's
to his core that's what he believes I
think that's right the other point I
want to make is there was a way to be
for starving government to bathtub
drowning size and still stand up for the
rule of law yeah that's right against
corruption or or even express some
measure of concern about Trump's
behavior Paul Ryan's natural instinct is
he's basically RNC Chairman not Speaker
of the House and so he could very easily
his bed more strongly I don't think you
should fire Bob Muller but even capable
of saying that because that feels too
disloyal to the party and so when I like
over the last like this teen or so years
maybe before but as long as I've been
paying super close attention or Republic
to politics and butting heads with
Republicans is what defines the
Republican Party is boil tea to party
over country and Paul Ryan is the
absolutely Bob any of that he was born
in a college were at a college
Republicans test-tube hatched by call
road and it's been put in place to try
to push the Republican Party forward and
he decided that the to be loyal to Trump
instead of loyal to the kind
and that will be his legacy yeah I found
something interesting that Tim Alberta
wrote in Politico he told the story
about how on election night in 2016
Ryan was expecting a trump defeat and he
planned to deliver a speech that night
if Trump lost where he denounced Trump's
racially polarizing agenda as a
political dead end in a portrayal of
conservatism Zhai deals and instead when
Trump won Ryan just folded the speech
back into his jacket pocket
and that was that and and he just made
it he did he made a decision there that
when Trump won the only way see if Trump
had lost and he was facing a president
Hillary Clinton
Ryan would have been able to say yeah we
don't want Trump's racism that was just
a stain on our party and we're past that
now we need to get back to cutting taxes
for rich people and cutting Medicare and
Social Security we need to get back to
that but with Trump winning the
presidency instead he said if I and
now I actually have a chance to get
these things done and my only chance to
get them done is to make sure I kiss
this guy's ass every single day and
protect him at all costs and make sure
that I don't criticize him because then
people in my own caucus in the house
will kick me out of the speakership and
so it I don't care I don't care
about any of this I need to get I
need to get my legislative agenda passed
it's it's like he's like an ideological
zealot I mean that's the it's just the
ideology is you know the tiniest
government possible people invest why I
hate Paul Ryan more than hey much more
Howell and if you can make a real
argument for with Mitch McConnell is bad
he is incredibly effective at times I
mean there would probably be no more
consequential thing than a senate leader
has done other than block Merrick
garland Supreme Court even steel of
Supreme Court's beat from Barack Obama
and give it to a Supreme Court
appointment at the O Supreme Court
appointment for Barack Obama and give it
the dollar shop but that was amazing
consequential but what bothers me so
much about Bryan is Ryan thinks he's the
good guy in what's happening here he
does McConnell knows
McConnell has one ideology and that is
the accumulation of power at any and all
costs and he is he is comfortable with
that most of his staffers are
comfortable that they have decided that
they are the night king in this play
Paul Ryan thinks he's a good guy and
it's just me he has made so many moral
compromises in this he's made something
wrong compromises in order to justify
his ideological means that he has
completely lost track of who he is or
why he's doing what he's doing and he
knows Donald Trump is an absolute cloud
who should not be present at space he is
just too afraid to say that and that is
the mark of ultimate cowardice in my
dear exquisite presidential leadership
that's how he described Donald Trump
never forget that quote exquisite
presidential leadership look at the
Trump presidency this week look at the
headlines and think to yourself how
someone can bring themselves to call
this exquisite presidential leadership
that's Paul Ryan's legacy right there
why did he do this why did he do it now
dan do you have any thoughts on that I I
think he mean this has been a everyone
that's known this was coming
Matt fuller tuffington Post wrote a
story about this long time ago which was
DeMolay denied by everyone Ryan a
politican Alberta Politico wrote another
story which they Brian's people swore
and said was incorrect and wrong and
turned out to be absolutely correct and
so I think this was a little just giving
some voice to what people already knew
was true and it was beginning I think
was getting incredibly awkward within
the Republican caucus because Steve
Scalise and Kevin McCarthy the two
people who who want this job we're
already starting to organize their
campaigns behind his back and this is
essentially what Senator Harry Reid did
on the Democratic side which was he
announced he was retiring but stayed on
his leader until he retired and that
worked very well that was very clear and
I think Paul Ryan who looks at the
mirror and he's a good leader when is
she's good he should be saying
and confident fuckstick gonna follow
that model it is much less likely to
work in the Republican caucus because
there was a clear everyone had agreed
essentially on who carry replacement is
going to be Chuck Schumer and there was
no such agreement in the Republican
Party over who's gonna replace Ryan yeah
apparently Ryan has sort of stepped into
this this morning and said the he
doesn't expect that Scalise will run
against McCarthy for leader which is
sort of a signal to Scalise that maybe
he shouldn't which I thought was
interesting so you don't think that
Ryan's was doing this to spend more time
with his kids look I'm not gonna cry I'm
sure he wants to spend more time I'm
sure that's true not yeah who does it
like who doesn't want to spend more time
with their kids when they're flying back
and forth from DC yeah but I also think
if Donald Trump wasn't president if he
was Speaker of the House with a
president who was more ideologically in
tune with Paul Ryan without any of the
craziness of Donald Trump and he had a
chance to get entitlement reform done
and it didn't look like you know
Republicans were gonna lose the house
maybe he would have stuck around a
couple more years and then went home to
spend more time with his kids Oh
completely you know this is about the
fact that Republicans are he thinks that
there's a very very good chance
Republicans are with the house and he
does not want to be Minority Leader West
Tonka's president in part because as
Speaker he can somehow convince himself
that he's able to sleep at night by
saying he's trying to pass these
conservative principles the job of the
Minority Leader while Trump is president
if Republicans from the minority will be
to obstruct justice every single day OB
two-block investigations of the cover-up
for him and I presume he doesn't want
that job although they probably pretty
good at it cuz it's not that different
the what he's doing right now
no but it's it's like it's back to what
I was said at the beginning you're right
he doesn't he doesn't want that job
because there is no chance in that job
of actually getting his agenda passed
right I love that he'd told POLITICO he
hinted he quote he hinted at continuing
his work on curing poverty how's that
going
I've been going well for you curing
poverty cool that's there some crazy
ideas on carrying poverty from Paul Ryan
I didn't know I didn't know that giving
a trillion dollars to the largest
corporations and United States was gonna
cure poverty but who knows he also ruled
out out of the box thinker yeah that
that is true he ruled out running for
office again and ya know like you said
look 46:46 Republican House members have
announced they're not running again that
is a huge number of retirements someone
asked the the chair of the Congressional
the Republican Congressional Committee
if there'd be more retirements and he
said no no no more than ten more than
ten additional retirement and if there
were ten additional retirements that
would be 20% of all House Republicans
retiring so they don't feel too good
about 2018 I don't think was a huge
political winner you know we were told
there was an it's good sorry you can get
us Dennis I'm sorry Dennis Ross
he's never of Congress from a lean
Republican district in Florida midnight
yesterday but really think how to kiss
penises Davis because he like was all
teed up to go to announce his
resignation and then Paul Ryan decides
up and the whole new cycle all yeah not
great for him and he's from a seat in
Florida that's fairly conservative but
you know in a big wave election we would
have a chance at his seat and then Ryan
seat was moved from you know safe for
likely Republican to toss up or lean
Republican and all the different all the
different predictions so you know good
news for our friend iron stache
Randy Bryce of course he does have a
primary challenger Kathy Myers but and
so but good news for you know any
Democrat trying to run for Paul Ryan's
seat and yeah so we'll see
did you see you see the rumor that
Reince Priebus may yes that primary
because the problem is it's Paul vielen
I'm
who is too much of a white supremacist
that break board had to get rid of him
it's the current Republican candidate
and that's it do you know that news and
that rumor was that was broken here on
the pot save America live stream
yesterday by Paul Ryan's daughter Erin
Ryan no I do think it was completely
messed up to Paul Ryan did that whole
announcement and never everything Karen
and I recognizes I recognize it's
complicated because a relationship with
us but it seemed weird to just build
that family business out street like
that okay we're gonna move on from Paul
Ryan because we could be talking about
that all day if we wanted but there is a
a looming constitutional crisis in our
country here's how it all started on
Monday the US Attorney's Office for the
Southern District of New York executed
search warrants at the office in hotel
room of Trump's longtime personal lawyer
Michael Cohen where they seized business
records emails and documents related to
several topics payments to stormy
Daniels and another woman Trump had an
affair with Karen McDougal
communications around the Access
Hollywood tape evidence that they tried
to suppress damaging information about
Trump during the 2016 election and so
much more the reports are that the
United States Attorney's Office is
pursuing charges against Cohen for bank
fraud wire fraud and campaign violations
campaign fund sorry reports are that the
US Attorney's Office is pursuing charges
of bank fraud wire fraud and campaign
finance violations against Cohen
that means the bank fraud violation
would be if Cohen took out a loan from a
bank in order to pay stormy Daniels but
lied to the bank about what the loan was
for that would be bank fraud Trump's
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
signed off on the raid in order to get a
search warrant though prosecutors had to
convince a federal judge so you've had a
judge that signed off on the search
warrant
you had a Trump's deputy attorney
general that he appointed rod Rosenstein
and a whole bunch of other people prove
this and in order to do this they need
it to have overwhelming Evan
that there was criminal conduct by
Michael Cohen here Donald Trump reacted
to the news like any innocent man would
by having a complete meltdown on
national television during a national
security meeting about a potential
strike on Syria he called the criminal
