everything that's going on around guns
and gun control Danna I would say that
yesterday was one of the more hopeful
days for the gun control movement that I
can remember in a long time in states
all across the country saw kids walk out
of schools in support of the Stoneman
Douglas high school students happen in
Arizona happen in Maryland and Kentucky
in Texas and in Florida thousands of
protesters marched straight to
Tallahassee they slept on cots in the
Civic Center the night before and then
they walked into the State Capitol and
demanded new gun laws obviously there
was disappointment as there is with
republican-controlled legislators in
Florida and all across the country
the republican-led legislature in
Florida rejected a ban on assault
weapons but they're now talking about a
deal that would raise the age from 18 to
21 when you can buy an assault weapon
Institute three-day waiting periods ban
bomb stock ban
bump stocks arms school personnel which
we can talk about and I believe is sort
of a terrible idea but dan what do you
think about sort of the deal that's
happening in the Florida Legislature
which is completely republic completely
republican-controlled better than
nothing or what a 100 percent obviously
like that I have very real concerns
about a society thinks the best way to
protect students is to give guns to
their teachers more guns in schools
that's the answer you know well that is
not the right we are closing the barn
door after the horses left if that's our
solution but here's the thing which is
the the gun lobby the NRA the right wing
that the fear mongers on Fox News their
success has been in defeating every
piece of legislation to SAP hope from
the movement of people who want to make
this country safer and so this success
is that everything we want is gonna
solve all the problems is it perfect no
but it is something to build on you
can't build on nothing
and so that is this is a tribute to
those kids more than anyone else those
families and the public in the public
for rallying behind these children these
students and so if we can get something
done if some lives will be saved and
there's no doubt that would be the case
if this if this for the pass then that
is a victory like we had not seen in a
long time
in the fight over guns yeah I think
what's more what will ultimately be more
important and lasting from what's
happening around parkland right now is
not the legislation that will be passed
in the short term but the movement
that's being built that will last for
the long term and I think that you know
at least from now until November we are
going to deal with the politics we have
with the you know republican-controlled
Congress Republican president Republican
legislatures Republican governors across
the country but this is building towards
November when we can vote a lot of those
people out hopefully and get a lot of
pro gun control Democrats in office and
then look it's a movement that has to
last for years because as we saw it
during the Obama era even having
Democrats in Congress isn't a guarantee
that we'll get the gun safety
legislation that we need and so you have
to keep fighting but it's different now
the base of this movement now which is
the students students not just in
Florida but students all across the
country and these high schools being
active I mean that's that's something
that to me is incredibly hopeful because
these kids are not going to be cowed by
the NRA and they're not going to become
cynical because you know they didn't get
the assault weapons ban they wanted on
day one they're just gonna keep going
and and I think that's incredibly
inspiring yes it really is I think you
were looking at a generation of
leadership and I think we will look back
five ten years from now some of these
students who have risen to the occasion
and they will be political leaders of
their generation just like
there were people who helped lead the
movement against the Vietnam or who were
leaders for their generation or the
movement against the Iraq war more
people like our friend array who who
came to prominence in Ferguson and then
the black box matter movement and these
are this is the future of this country
and it is something to be Korea's
darkest numbering schemes this is
something I feel really good about these
kids are impressive as hell yeah so
let's talk about the prospects for
federal action this morning another
another big morning for Trump tweets so
Trump tweeted about how we should put
more guns in schools by arming teachers
he had quite a few tweets on that we
should note that first he started saying
like fake news says I wanted to give
guns to teachers that's not true what I
want to do is give guns to teachers
it's basically what he went on to say
you know what he's trying to say is that
you know you know I only want to give
guns to the teachers that are trained
for this and that would end up being
about 20% of teachers across the country
and we could arm them with guns let's
talk about this idea a little bit a
little bit I mean first of all I don't
know if we've already forgotten that
there was an armed guard at Stoneman
Douglas High School who never
encountered the shooter once while he
was there
we know that in certain states where
they've said that it's okay to armed
teachers not one school district has
taken up the state's offer to do that
because they don't believe it would make
kids safer police officers have warned
that that's not going to make kids safer
by arming teachers teachers don't want
to be armed dan what do you think about
this idea it's insane
it is an insane view that my mom was a
teacher for decades
[Music]
and the idea that and there is a hard
job to which teachers are dramatically
underpaid it's one of the most important
jobs in our society and at the same time
that we are cutting funding for
education classes are getting bigger the
teacher rate student-teacher ratio is
getting
we're gonna say in addition to trying to
teach with less resources a generation
of kids to be prepared for the real
world to learn prepare for the new
economy you are also going to have to be
a law enforcement officer in your spare
time so just that idea is crazy but then
we are giving up if we believe that it
is so hard to stop was the wrong people
from getting guns we'd have to give guns
to more people to turn an elementary
school into the okay corral is crazy in
trained professional police officers
members of the military in close
quarters combat will sometimes shoot the
wrong person they will miss the idea
that it teacher or a coach or a janitor
to use the terms that Trump use in his
event yesterday are the right solution
to this is insane it is absolutely
insane and the only reason people
promoting it is because the gun lobby
wants more people to buy gun so if you
if you have teachers buy guns those are
more guns sold and it is gonna make us
more dangerous not less it's going to
make schools more dangerous not less not
paper yeah it's completely insane idea I
mean even you know Marco Rubio at that
CNN Town Hall last night said and good
for him for saying this that it was a
terrible idea this is something that you
know the NRA was talking about after
Newtown after the elementary school
shooting at Sandy Hook they waited a
little bit longer than than they have
this time but that was there for a
solution to two armed teachers so
they've been saying this when they now I
look back at some of the coverage then
when they said this during right after
Sandy Hook everyone thought it was the
most insane thing that ever heard and
people were saying it was crazy and all
that kind of stuff now we have the
president righted States advocating for
it so that's where we are
Trump also go ahead that Hallie told me
this morning that I forgot so I didn't
do what we were doing this but it is the
New York City Police Department
these are trained professionals only had
an accuracy rate of about 28% I'm sorry
in 2005 18% so you have police officers
missing some time between 7:00
ten times or eight ten times depending
on the year and so the idea that
teachers are gonna be firing weapons in
a close-quarters situation with these
students it's just so dangerous it's
dangerous it's funny when you mention
your mom like my mom was a teacher too I
cannot imagine if there was a god forbid
if there had ever been a shooting where
my mom was a teacher and then the next
day she went into school and they were
like here's your gun mrs. Vavra good
luck it's just she would be like excuse
me are you crazy
god it's such a bad idea
so trump also tweeted about he said that
he's gonna be really strong on
comprehensive background checks with an
emphasis on mental health he's for
raising the age to 21 for assault
weapons and he wants to end the sale of
bum stocks on Tuesday Trump announced
that he signed a memo directing jeff
sessions to propose regulations that ban
bomb stocks and other devices that turn
semi-automatic firearms into machine
guns now this last part on bump stock
seems like because the Bureau
of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and
Explosives the agency that regulates
guns and the federal government just
said after the Vegas Massacre that they
cannot regulate bump stocks unless
Congress changes the law which Congress
refuses to do can't get any Republicans
to do that after Vegas even though
people thought there's some kind of
something that was going to happen there
Dan what do you think about the bump
stocks directive and also trumps other
tweets about background checks and
raising the age and all that kind of
stuff distinction between comprehensive
background checks which tribes won't
trot mentioned in universal background
checks no there are a number of
loopholes in the current background
check law including gun shows among
other things private sales and so in
2013 after Newtown what Republicans and
Democrats and some Republicans tried to
do more President Obama was in office
was to pass a universal background check
law which would mean that it's not all
virtually all gotten people who buy guns
would would need to get a background
check and that is not what Trump is
talking about here as far as we can tell
he is talking about
different piece of legislation that it's
still also a good thing which would
would strengthen the current background
check system to make sure that more
information got into the quote-unquote
NIC system this it's called to ensure
that people can fly like we should do
that we should have been a hundred years
ago it's insane that we have it
but it is not a significant step towards
something real know so and and Chris
Murphy who's one of the sponsors of that
legislation along with John Cornyn from
Texas says as much he was like yeah
obviously we should pass this bill but
no one should tell you that this bill
will actually do anything to solve the
problem in a big way
it basically that bill it increases
grants for states that send the federal
background check system at least 90% of
their records on people with serious
mental illness so it is basically a bill
that coordinates what should already be
coordinated between the state and
federal background check system that it
already exists it does not expand them
it does not close the loophole that
means that people who buy guns on the
internet or from get gun shows up don't
have to have any kind of background
check at all it's not it's not real I
mean great do it
right right
Trump also of course then he tweeted
that the NRA the leaders of the NRA are
great people which is you know was
interesting to do right before the CPAC
speech where like you know Wayne
LaPierre and Dana Loesch went out and
said awful things like that the media
loves mass shootings and that you know
Democrats are part of a authoritarian
plot to take over the world and blah
blah blah so that was that was fun
it's now the time to rant about the you
know I was going to do it later but we
think is doing now Trump so Trump also
met with students parents and teachers
yesterday I don't know if you saw I'm
sure you did the the card he was holding
where it gave him like instructions on
how to talk with these people and and
number five said you know it was a
reminder to have him say I hear you
people just sort of interested
so one thing I'm not it's it's more
funny than anything else that sort of
instructed empathy for Donald Trump you
know I'm sure the stuff we do this when
you're when you work for Donald Trump
and he says the that he says you
probably feel like you have to put that
on the card you know like I have a
hierarchy at outrageous when it comes to
trump and this one's actually pretty
well in the last I thought this was more
funny than anything else so what do we
think I mean let's step back on all the
Trump stuff where do we think this leads
how serious do you think he is about
this what kind of obstacles does he face
due to his own ineptitude and also
politics I think he actually thinks he's
serious about this yeah I do I think he
I don't think it comes from some place
of empathy for these students or parents
or law enforcement officers i he has
demonstrated no empathy for any human
being other than himself Roger Ailes and
Rory more and Steve Wynn
over the course of time but I think he
he what he likes to ride the wave of
news coverage and this is what the world
is focused on so he's got to talk about
it in order to be on TV and I think he
probably thinks he wants to do something
if challenge is threefold
he has the attention span of a
three-year-old 280k it's a fun dip the
PETA has no knowledge of either of the
specifics of the issue or the politics
surrounding it so he doesn't need to
know what he's saying when he says
things like armed teachers and
comprehensive background checks know
what that means and three the Republican
Party by proxy the NRA are against doing
anything real here so the in the fact
that he's saying trumpet said many
things doc infrastructure all of those
things and they've never gone anywhere
because he's incapable
of doing the actual work of governing
yes I mean this it's fundamentally about
his laziness and his ignorance of just
about everything that he gets all of his
information from cable television
primarily Fox so you could imagine that
he was watching television over the last
week and he probably watched a lot of
CNN too because he likes hate watching
CNN and he probably saw these these
students speaking and he said yeah no
that that makes sense
and he's you know he talked to the
people at his at mar-a-lago and
he's like yeah that makes sense I want
to be better on background checks and
better on this and also you know he
talks to some crazy people and they say
I'm teachers so he says he's for all
this stuff there will be legislation
from Democrats and Republicans the
Democrats will have actually real
legislation to do something about those
Republicans will have whatever the NRA
supports and then the Republicans will
go to him in the White House or his
staff will and they'll tell him this is
the good legislation that we're
supporting and what the Democrats
supporting is horrible and will destroy
the Second Amendment and destroy America
and so then you know week from now Trump
will tweet out that whatever the
Democrat bill is is horrible and awful
and the Republican bill is good because
he doesn't know any better because he
doesn't pay attention because he can't
read and that will be that it's the
exact same thing he did on immigration
when he said yeah no I love the dreamers
I have a soft spot for the dreamers
except when there's actual legislation
to protect the dreamers he says that
it's awful and that only his legislation
is right because that's what his staff
and the Republicans tell him and he's
easily misled and easily fooled
because he's an idiot he's an idiot who
shouldn't be president I mean that's
just I don't know that there's more
analysis than that you know yeah I mean
there are these larger structural things
about politics in a polarized age the
asymmetric polarization of the
Republican the influence the monetary
and cultural ones with the NRA and then
there's just the fact that Donald Trump
is in is unable in interested in
actually being president know he's
interested in like you know riding the
latest cable news cycle and that's about
it and just to talk about how difficult
this I'm sorry and just to like to get
an understanding of how difficult this
would be to pass anything in Congre
House Republicans have already said at
least the the portion of House
Republicans that control the entire
Congress which is the freedom caucus say
they'll only vote to strengthen
background checks if they're also able
to pass concealed carry reciprocity
what's that well some states allow
teenagers domestic abusers or convicted
stalkers to legally obtain a permit to
carry a concealed weapon
if concealed carry reciprocity passes
and you have a permit to carry from one
of these states every other state is
forced to recognize that permit no
matter how tough their gun laws are so
it basically would shred the gun laws of
any state and force them to match the
weakest gun laws of some other state
doesn't sound like a great deal ban that
is that is one step forward eighteen
steps back those states rights
Republicans yeah much about
passes tougher gun laws then people from
other states can move there and impose
their laws on you it is uh it's pretty
gross let's talk about what would work
and what people you know what Democrats
should be proposing here I mean some
people have talked about bringing back
the assault weapons ban so everyone
knows in 1994 Bill Clinton passed a
federal assault weapons ban in the ten
year period before the ban the number of
people who died from gun massacres dif
which are defined as six or more deaths
from a single shooting dropped 43% sorry
and this is the 10-year period after the
ban
it dropped 43 percent compared to before
the ban the number of gun massacres
dropped 37% after the ban expired in
2004 because Congress refused to extend
the assault weapons ban gun massacres
then went up a hundred and eighty three
percent in deaths went up two hundred
and thirty nine percent so
and people do believe that it's all
weapons ban along with a ban on
high-capacity ammunition would be you
know some of the most effective gun
measures out there what do you think Dan
what do you think Democrats should be
saying yes we should be for that and
more like the fact that they're a large
portion of elected members of Congress
and people in the country who believe
