my guest today on pod save the world is
'not on Guttman he's the Washington
bureau chief of the forward he joined
the staff there in 2006 after serving
for five years as a Washington
correspondent for the Israeli dailies
Haaretz and The Jerusalem Post and the
time thank you so much for being here on
pod save the world
I'm very excited to talk to you today
about Prime Minister Netanyahu and what
the hell is going on in Israel but sort
of hoping we could start with the facts
because there are so many stories
swirling out about corruption
allegations around the Prime Minister
that is actually hard for me to keep
track so it's hoping maybe we could
start by quickly walking through them
one by one the first is referred to in
the news as case 1000 it involves
Netanyahu receiving hundreds of
thousands of dollars worth of gifts like
champagne and jewelry from a wealthy
businessman what happened there what are
the implications right yeah the very
police who made things easier for us
because they leave just numbered each
one of the cases we have 1,000 2,000
3,000 so the first one is 1000 that may
be the easiest case to understand for
about ten years Bibi Netanyahu and his
wife Sarah received gifts from a
Hollywood producer named Arnold milchem
he's pretty well-known in Hollywood he
produced films like a pretty woman and
he's a former Israeli who spends most of
his time in the United States and is
very close to it and it and yawen to
other Israeli leaders and apparently is
the Netanyahu's have a liking for the
better kind of life sorry Netanyahu
likes pink champagne Bibi Netanyahu
likes expensive cigars so we are and
it's hard to get by with that with a
with a government salary it's hard to to
come across all of these things and so
they reached out to Arnold milchin and
it started off as as gift but it became
a whole industry and according to the
police by the end of these ten years it
reached a value about three three
hundred thousand dollars of gifts that
why mention gave the Netanyahu's and
it's even hard to call it gifts because
they asked for it they they would just
let him know or let the driver know when
they needed more champagne or sick
there was also jewelry in there so
that's the the the Netanyahu side of it
him what did Milton get in return
allegedly we should say this is even
more complicated because Arnold
mentioned is a film producer but he also
kind of moonlighted as an Israeli agent
helping out Israel with its nuclear
program in getting all kind of
clandestine information and he was kind
of helping out the Israelis but problem
is that he couldn't keep his mouth shut
and when he talked about it in
interviews in American immigration
authorities looked into it and when it
was time to renew his visa they said
well we're not really sure that we want
to give this guy a visa because this is
what he's doing in the United States and
so he lost his visa to the United States
and that's where Bibi Netanyahu is
friend could help by speaking to
American officials even as high as
secretary Kerry and in the Israeli the
American ambassador in Israel so that's
one of the things there are also other
business issues that Bibi Netanyahu ID
to help milchin out with like a tax
break if he comes back to Israel so we
won't have to pay taxes on all the
fortune that he made in America and
other issues like that Wow
so that's even more shocking than I
thought case 2000 alleged the Netanyahu
tried to strike a deal with Israel's
second largest newspaper to get more
favorable coverage what happened there
what's the quid pro quo in this instance
so for Bibi Netanyahu it's simple he
wants to get good press doesn't anyone
everyone want to get good press right
and the whole note is the largest paper
the most influential newspaper in Israel
and their line while their centricity in
a political sense they don't really like
Netanyahu so they were pretty critical
of him and he wanted to correct that
situation him he had something to give
you do Tohono because he be other
Hinata's facing its own problem him
since there is a competitor the
competitor is called
Israel hayom it's a right-wing probaby
newspaper and it's funded fully by
Sheldon Adelson who you know well the
famous Las Vegas Republican make it
so here's the deal that was discussed
and conveniently even recorded by one of
the participants who later gave these
recordings to the police
basically Netanyahu told the publisher
of video do not know any Moses he came
to me and said you know I can talk to
Sheldon Adelson the owner of Israeli
home and make sure that he limits the
circulation of his paper should mention
by the way that you said a ohm is
circulated for free that's why it's such
a strong newspaper now what if I get
Sheldon to limit the circulation of
visceral human help your business what I
get in return better coverage to which
Nani Moses wrote we replied sure of
course we can cut a deal like that
now these talks never let a deal for one
reason or another but basically there
were enough for the police to recommend
charging Netanyahu and Moses the
publisher on bribery charges thank God
and then so there's also another
instance which I believe is separate
where Netanyahu's aides or accused of
trading favorable treatment of a telecom
company for us so having said this again
because I garbled that so confusingly
there's another case where Netanyahu's
aides are accused of trading favorable
treatment of a big telecom company for
favorable treatment from its news
website that's distinct right is is this
one also a problem for Bibi oh
definitely it is so now we're leaping to
case 4,000 oh my god sorry let's leave
3,000 of Cyprus great have to do with
submarines and it's very exciting myself
4,000 has to do with him
Bibi Netanyahu in again warning to
receive better coverage from a very
popular news website in Israel called
Walla and it is owned by a wealthy
businessman named shale a Levite who is
also the owner of basic as wheels
largest telecommunications company in
this case four thousand which is still
under investigation we didn't see a
police recommendations on this case as
of now again in all of it needed all
kind of regulatory benefits from the
government Netanyahu who conveniently is
only the Prime Minister but also the
Minister of Communications he insisted
on holding that portfolio it wasn't a
position to give him these regulatory
breaks or that would help his business
immensely and in return voilá became
this very Pro Netanyahu and even more
important very Pro SONET and our website
him at one point this recording came out
and again as you can already see
everything in Israel apparently has
recorded this recording came out of
Netanyahu the Prime Minister's wife
screaming had a media consultant because
she didn't like the type of coverage she
was getting in wallah and her problem
was or her issue was that they forgot to
mention there that she is a psychologist
with a master's degree okay
that's confusing this case is still
under investigation right and as of this
week the the police investigators
managed flipped one of bebés
highest-ranking aides who was also the
director-general of communications
ministry and a person considered very
close to Netanyahu he is now cooperating
and according to police the press
reports in Israel he knows everything
about what Bibi did and is willing to
talk
sowhat's case 3,000 men submarines yeah
I hope I am if 3,000 has to do with
submarines and it's very complicated and
it probably won't lead to an indictment
but in short it has to do with the
question death Israel me how many
submarines does Israel need him
Netanyahu apparently overruled the
decision of the military and decided
that Israel should purchase more
submarines aim as I did and purchase
approaches of them from from Germany
from shipyard in Germany I think is that
the person in brokering this deal isn't
it an owl's personal lawyer who is also
a relative of him which raises the
question does Israel really need all
these sub
or is Netanyahu pushing for this deal
because his lawyer and relative is
getting a cut off of this deal this
again is under investigation most people
think this will will not end in an
indictment and then on top of all of
this Netanyahu's wife who you mentioned
earlier is being questioned by Israeli
police over allegations that she's been
using public funds for private expenses
and compounding that problem a former
Netanyahu family adviser allegedly
passed a message to the prosecutor in
that case suggesting that she dropped
the charges against mrs. Netanyahu in
exchange for being named attorney
general so that also sounds like a
pretty big deal right and part of the
reason that we're hearing all these
cases come out now is because there's a
sense in Israel that in Netanyahu is
vulnerable right now so all kind of the
aides and people who were involved and
people who knew him for years but we're
afraid to talk are now coming out with
these stories so the story about him
this quid pro quo that you mentioned him
that's the dismissed
sorry netanyahu cases and in return will
appoint you Attorney General this
happened already two years ago but we're
only learning about it now Wow
okay so that is a lot of corruption or
these allegations of corruption for a
system yes alleged corruption force
isn't a process at one time but it's
it's hardly the first corruption scandal
in Israel right 2008 Prime Minister
Olmert resigned a week after police
recommended he be charged with fraud
bribery obstruction of justice he later
served I think 16 months in prison
Netanyahu himself dealt with corruption
allegations back in the late 90s does
this mean that Israelis are more
prepared for these types of allegations
and what is the response like in Israel
to what people are reading I think the
response basically breaks down along
party lines him and has to do a lot with
the fact that these investigations are
going on for a few years already and
that Netanyahu has been working to him
in a sense discredit a the
investigations discredit the police
discredited the the Attorney General in
order to make the case that this is all
political witch-hunt and everything that
I'll say from now
on you can replacement and yell for
trumpets exactly the same right so
basically he's saying you know they
couldn't beat me at the ballots I'm
Prime Minister almost the
longest-serving Prime Minister Israel
ever had just won my fourth election aim
and since they can't beat me fair and
square they're going on after all these
tiny things insignificant matters
whether I got a cigar it didn't get a
cigar whether I did this guy a favor or
not him so basically it break down break
down along party lines if you're a
supporter of Netanyahu's support of
literally cooed you're willing to buy
that story otherwise Israelis are kind
of shocked they aim kind of disgusted by
the by the way by the information that's
coming out and how severe it is a public
opinion polls show that Israelis don't
believe Netanyahu on this case however
politically he somehow seems to still be
pretty strong um you mentioned Sheldon
Adelson earlier you wrote a piece
recently staying that it didn't go
unnoticed in Israel that Adel s'en
hasn't come out and publicly supported
Netanyahu since these really police and
made this announcement earlier in the
month well can you talk a little bit
more about Sheldon Adelson what's his
influence like in Israel and and do you
think this is a sign that Netanyahu's in
bigger trouble this time than in the
past
I think Allison is in a difficult
position right now with Bibi Netanyahu
because on the one hand he likes
Netanyahu he supported him he definitely
believes in his ideology on the other
hand a Netanyahu basically took Adelson
for granted and tried to use him as a
bargaining chip against the other
newspaper without even telling me as
Sheldon Adelson so definitely a Adelson
is hurt by Bibi Netanyahu behavior
behavior and rightly so
him how influential is he in in Israel
we have a different campaign financing
system so the idea that a big donors
have direct influence is doesn't really
matter that much
in the Israeli political system because
we're not talking about a multi-million
dollar
campaigns and everything is regulated
however in ålesund mainly through this
newspaper that he started it managed to
be Bibi Netanyahu biggest supporter
because that was the way to the Israeli
public him by owning the Israel one of
Israel's largest newspapers daily
newspapers and by making sure that it's
editorial line is very Pro Netanyahu he
became a very valuable asset for
Netanyahu and him I'm not sure that will
continue now there's a lot of talk about
Allison looking beyond Bibi understands
he either wants maybe to leave or
understand that he's not going to be
there forever and he's looking him for
some other a political figure that he
can support probably right-wing leader
in a study Bennett writes um another
ally that has you know there's been a
little friction between with the another
Bibi ally who is uh who's had a little
friction with him lately as Donald Trump
the White House publicly and pretty
harshly rebuked Netanyahu's claimed that
he had discussed a plan to annex the
West Bank with the White House what is
that plan why is this important and why
was the subsequent rebuke so significant
in this case but understand that we have
to look at Bibi Netanyahu Coalition
right now in Israel of course after you
win the election it's a parliamentary
system you have to build your own
coalition and even if Netanyahu has 30
seats was that he could he still needs
another 31 seats to get get a majority
and the current coalition of Netanyahu
him goes to the right he's probably the
most centrist to figure in it everyone
else's to the right of him and in order
to satisfy this coalition in Netanyahu
has to him give them some some red meat
once in a while and this is a pro setter
coalition and what they would like to
see is to him use what they understand
is an opportunity now a unique
opportunity because in the white house
is occupied by someone who either
doesn't care about the settlement or
believes they in a very good position
Israel's position on it and may be more
open for some type of annexation partial
or complete annexation of
the West Bank and and that's why the
right-wing partners in Netanyahu's
coalition are pushing for that now a
Netanyahu is in this balancing act on
the one hand he wants to satisfy them on
the other hand understands that he can't
push the Americans too far and he
probably miscalculated with this
statement he was trying to in a way
appease his partners by telling them
okay I spoke to the Americans and kind
of hinted that if the Trump
administration is open to this idea of
partial annexation and that was a bit
too much even for the Trump White House
and that's why we saw this public review
so you talked about how Israel's a
different system their parliamentary
system that means there are more
immediate and different ways of holding
leaders accountable right I mean can you
talk a little bit about how the Israeli
government works and is formed and do
you think it's significant that you're
starting to see members of Netanyahu's
party the like who'd call for him to
step aside and you're seeing leaders a
more centrist parties calling for
no-confidence votes and other measures
of course in a coalition system
especially with a multi-party system
like it is in Israel where anything else
coalition is built of seven different
factions each one of them can decide at
a certain point to break off and since
he has a very small majority he will
basically lose his majority there'll be
a vote of no-confidence and he will lose
the Premiership in Israel will go to
general elections so members of the
coalition always have this ability to
hold the Prime Minister accountable and
to try to exert whatever benefits they
can for their party from him that's why
we can see in small parties like I'll
cross the docks parties they have maybe
only five or six seats but they do have
the power to leverage they're there
they're standing there by threatening to
leave the government if they don't get
their specific it needs answered and
that's what we're seeing right now so
it's an yells smaller problem right now
is the police investigation and the
possibility that maybe a year from now
he wouldn't end up in jail that may or
may not happen what could happen before
that is that his coalition partners will
say well enough is enough we can sit in
the government with someone who is
basically tainting us
by by actually being partners with him
in this crossed a red line and therefore
we're leaving the government or forcing
him to resign a man go to new election
right now we're not seeing any direct
call that way but it could happen it
could happen if these cases if we learn
more damning information about these
cases it could happen once the Attorney
General who is now reviewing these
recommendations will actually go ahead
and indict a mitten Yahoo Utley some
cases one thousand and two thousand and
it could also happen if any one of the
coalition partners decide decides that
maybe now is an opportune time to go to
elections because we have a chance of
improving their standing any one of
these scenarios can lead to addiction
rights I mean a million lifetimes ago
before the 2016 election there were
serious concerns that Donald Trump would
question the legitimacy of our entire
electoral system and not accept defeat
in hindsight that is too ironic to even
handle but you know you're seeing
similar reports coming out of Israel now
their concerns it Netanyahu will attack
lawmakers question the system and sort
of burn the place to the ground rather
than go quietly are those fears grounded
in fact or is this just alarmist
reporting I think a lot of it is
alarmist but clearly there is an attempt
by Netanyahu at least to question the
aim the honesty the integrity of the law
enforcement system in Israel these types
of investigations are carried out by the
police him he's already laying the
ground for questioning there any general
once he makes a decision so definitely
him he's not going to leave quietly he's
not going to go out in a peaceful way in
a sense like they would all murder we
mentioned they aim and but by the time
all this is over we may have a very
politicized in legal system and law
enforcement system in Israel because
Netanyahu basically saying to his
supporters you should believe me not
that any general believe me not the
police don't trust them they're biased
against me interesting thing is of
course that he himself appointed the
