ready mmm sure am alright welcome to pod
save America I'm Jon Favreau I'm John
Lovett I'm Tommy Vitor today in the pod
you'll hear our interview with Anna
Maria archila one of the women who
confronted Jeff Flake on Friday in
Washington right before he called for a
one-week FBI investigation into
allegations against Brett Kavanaugh
we'll also be talking about the
investigation itself and what the debate
over Cavanaugh's nomination is going to
mean for the elections
did you know vember discuss with her at
all the fact that she's the first person
ever to hold an elevator door and have a
conversation in a way that wasn't
horrible no that's too bad did you call
her back but I didn't need to because
you made the joke anyway so there was a
space for the joke
no first we're gonna talk about love
adore leave oh we know we like to call
love we had an awesome lover leave it ii
in studio episode because we had to
cancel two shows because i was sick two
weeks ago we had a great time that's too
much information at this point let's
just do this again that was a while ago
well we had an awesome lover leave it in
studio we were joined by a guy Branum
lewis rotelle akilah hughes great guest
only problem is when you say guy brando
next to Lewis foretell someone is gonna
bring up Glenn Close and you're not
gonna be able to stop it from happening
but we got through that part and it was
all very funny uh-huh and great that's
good
also a reminder vote save America com
get on that website register to vote
check your registration for everyone on
the YouTube stream I'm wearing the merch
and holding up a box that says vote save
America commie is a human billboard for
votes in America right now get on it you
month we want people to pledge to vote
to register to vote we're calling it
pledge astir it's no because those
registration deadlines are fast
approaching very fast so you should if
you don't know what the registration
deadline is in your state go to vote
save America calm and check or just
register just do it today please that's
the best part about the website it's not
just for registering all kinds of
information registration deadlines
what's going on in your state important
elections go hang out unless you like
having a government of sex criminals
right right right if you like that then
forget what we just said just hang out
okay let's get to the news the Senate's
final floor vote on Brit Cavanaugh's
nomination to the Supreme Court has been
delayed a week to allow for an
investigate investment
has been delayed a week to allow for an
FBI investigation into credible
allegations that Cavanaugh sexually
assaulted women in the past initially
the White House gave the FBI a list of
just four people to question who they've
reportedly already conducted interviews
with Martha Rowe
yeah mark judge PJ Smith high school
friends of Cavanaugh's that dr.
Christine Boise Ford said were at the
gathering where she was assaulted
Leland Kizer a high school friend of
Ford's who she also placed at the
gathering and Deborah Ramirez a woman
who's accused Kavanaugh of assaulting
her in college on Monday the White House
said the FBI has been authorized to
interview whoever they see fit so long
as they complete the investigation by
Friday when Mitch McConnell has promised
a final vote on Kavanagh guys why would
the White House initially limit the
scope of the investigation if they're so
confident in Cavanaugh's innocence hmm
what was going on there and thought
about it that way hmm it's almost as if
they're less interested in finding out
what happened and more being able to
show something to Jeff Flake that Jeff
Flake can call something so that they
can get his vote this week for Capitol I
would like to note that it says a lot
about the state of our politics in 2018
that Jeff Flake asking the FBI to do the
absolute bare minimum to get to the
bottom of a very very credible by the
White House's own admission allegation
of sexual assault about a future Supreme
Court nominee is treated as a heroic act
that doesn't seem heroic in any way to
me that seems like the obvious thing you
would do the bare minimum the bare
minute well also the whole thing gets a
60 Minutes interview now once once they
all were forced to go along with Jeff
Lakes plan for a one-week delay the
previous day's events look all the more
ridiculous
yes making this about the performance of
two people on television to determine
whether or not somebody belongs on the
Supreme Court denying that the idea of
suggesting that the idea of a delay is
somehow giving in to a democratic dirty
trick all of it Lindsey Graham losing
his
then by the time the next day and they
lost a flake they were just for it and
the fact that they turned out to have
been for it tells you that all of that
should have happened before the hearing
right and it also
argues against the Republican theory of
the case here which is that this entire
thing is a Democratic smear job because
they're just want to hold the seat open
long enough to make sure we get past the
midterm elections and then take it
because Chris Coons who Democrat from
Delaware who worked with flake to call
for this extra week was basically like
all we want is a week or you know or we
we're not gonna do we're not trying to
do what you say we're trying to do we
just want an investigation and then we
will give you your vote to thoughts on
that one dr. Blasi Ford raised these
disconcerting allegations before not
Kevin I was nominated the Supreme Court
so we know this wasn't some democratic
dirty trick or two Axios floated a
recommendation by the White House today
to hold open the seat till 2020 if
Cavanaugh doesn't get confirmed because
they like the politics that we're gonna
talk about again they are just massive
massive hypocrites so that's the FBI
investigation like it was confusing
reading these reports over the weekends
it felt like the FBI didn't have clear
guidance and that they were letting the
press know that to send a message to the
White House and then Trump would then
tweet I want this to be you know as
credible an investigation as we can get
I thought actually Kellyanne Conway's
interview with with Jake Tapper on CNN
was like pretty reasonable if if they
can only interview these four
individuals that you named earlier like
that is a whitewashing if they can't
follow up on dr. Ford's claim that she
ran into Marc judge at a Safeway and she
can't figure out records from Safeway
about whether he worked there at the
time to corroborate it that's ridiculous
um but it does sound like it's pushing
in a direction where they're gonna do
more and more they did a guy's gonna let
the investigation take it where it takes
them but they're not gonna like open up
if they found some banking crime in his
past they wouldn't then dig into them
right and of course someone was lying
here because NB saber NBC reported that
the White House was limiting the scope
rush of White House deputy press
secretary responded by being no
absolutely not we're just letting the
Senate do what they do and then as you
know to tell me like Kelly and Conway
and others over the weekend we're
basically no no no we don't want to
limit the investigation at all we know
that it was at least limited initially
because over the basically on Sunday
there's a story from in The New Yorker
from Jane Mayer and Ronan Farrow
detailing all the different ways that
potential witnesses tried to reach out
to the FBI and basically couldn't get
through
Elizabeth razor high school friend of
mark judge reached out to the FBI but
got no response a classmate of Deborah
ramirez's who said he was a hundred
percent certain that he heard the story
about Cavanaugh assaulting her a few
days after it happened tried to reach
out he had to end up calling the tip
line as you said there were reports the
FBI couldn't even contact the safe way
that Mark judge worked at to and verify
that he was employed at the time that
dr. Ford said she contacted him so they
were quite they did try to limit the
investigation well first of all they
have limited the investigation
investigation is limited its limited
time limited and and like we should all
just this is ridiculous compromise this
is a lifetime appointment somebody that
could be there for 40 years they've
already decided that they can only he
can only be disqualified if he can find
it in six days like it's a game show
right like it's supermarket sweep for
crimes but the but even even by that
standard I think the truth is we just
don't know every person every person
refuting the idea that they have tried
to limit the scope is a world-famous
liar so I think it seems like it's
probably somewhere in the middle whether
they tried to limit it and then had to
walk it back or left some limits in
place that give them the ability to
claim there aren't limits I just don't
think we know what do we think they
finally relented
I mean clearly Jeff Flake had them in a
position where they had no choice yeah
Jeff flake flake not only changed his
mind
and won against his previous public
statement that he was gonna vote for
Cavanaugh but he called Colin's
Murkowski and he worked a bunch of
Democrats so they wouldn't have had the
votes on the floor if if McConnell had
tried to call it on Friday like they had
planned so they had to do this they'd no
other choice and what have we learned so
far since the investigation was expanded
and sort of held for another week here
about Bret Cavanaugh I mean we've
learned over the week I don't know that
we learned this but there's more and
more evidence corroborating the claims
that Brett Kavanaugh was a sloppy drunk
a frequent drunk maybe a violent or
belligerent drunk today we learned that
he was questioned by police after a bar
fight in 1985
i barf I'd that his classmates said he
started because Cavanaugh mistook some
random guy at a bar for the lead singer
of ub40 which is for you kids out there
a British reggae band probably don't
like and then threw a beer at the guy so
one who the is in a fight after
ub40 concert it's like reggae is not
really fighting music - we know that
Brett Kavanaugh was like drunk a lot and
kind of a kind of a belligerent guy and
also trumpet his press conference today
talked about Cavanaugh's drinking in
high school as if he had an alcohol
problem it was really pretty remarkably
different in tone so again we this
confirms what we knew at the time which
was a Kavanagh did everything he could
to cover up high to lie about his
drinking before the committee so the new
argument from conservatives is that you
know Democrats are moving the goal posts
by urging the FBI to investigate
Cavanaugh's drinking and lying what do
we think of that why is the drinking why
is why is him being having a drinking
problem relevant to the case it does in
college well it's it's certainly
relevant because it's part of the fact
pattern of the of at least two claims of
sexual assault but but separate even
from that you know there's this strain
of argument now among conservatives
which is can you listen yourselves
you're talking about throwing ice at a
bar T talk about how much a kid drank in
high school we don't care about that we
don't care about that at all it is the
fact that Brett Kavanaugh lied under
oath repeatedly as a means of diffusing
and refuting claims that he drunkenly
assaulted women on multiple occasions
and as part of his refuting of those
stories he made pretty incredible claims
about his behavior that he never blacked
out or had to piece together memories
that devil's triangle was a drinking
game that he couldn't drink during the
week because he had work the next day
you know those high school kids that
can't have a beer or two because they
have work in the morning even though on
his calendar on July 1st which is the
date that the FBI should look into it's
a Thursday night and he said you know
having skis with the boys at Timmy's or
whoever with PJ and squee and Mark judge
and the rest of the crew so he
he lied about that in his own calendar
refuted the refuted his ally you have
you have a bunch of what are ultimately
trivial lies lies about what he did when
he was drunk lies about what he did when
he was in high school lies about who he
hung out with but they all add up they
all they are part of what is to me seems
like a bigger lie which is the kind of
person he is yes the kind of person
who's respectful of women the kind of
person who wouldn't do that
so it's this mix of these trivial and
big lies which is why his his behavior
in college and high school matter so
much if you're gonna look me in the eye
and tell me that Beach we've Beach week
Ralph's Club means you threw up from a
spicy food I don't think you deserve to
be a judge in small claims court like we
all know those people that lie about
little things to our face and everyone
hates them because they're not
trustworthy they're not honest with you
they're not real and this guy's gonna
define do you know like set the course
legally for the country for four decades
well and this is why this is important
because you no longer have to ask
yourself what Brett Kavanaugh was like
or did thirty five years ago you just
have to ask yourself what Brett Kavanagh
has been like through this confirmation
process and the answer to that question
is a very openly partisan liar yes yeah
yes and there's this trick also that's
being played which is you start from
this question was Brett Kavanaugh honest
there's only one answer that question if
you're being intellectually serious no
he was not honest but then you take a
step away from that and you go did Brett
Kavanaugh commit perjury well that's a
little trickier I'm not a lawyer what's
technically perjury does it meet the
threshold of perjury but that's not even
enough then you take another step which
is do you have evidence to prove that
Brett Kavanaugh committed perjury now of
a sudden we're trying to produce
evidence to refute lies that he gave on
the stand the standard versa Preem court
justice shouldn't be did they lie so
thoroughly and repeatedly and leave
enough of a paper trail that we can
dispositively prove that he committed
perjury it's not supposed to be closed
he's supposed to be a judge this goes
back to the Republicans framing of this
they wanted to appear like a trial and
so they want you know the standard to be
beyond a reasonable doubt for both
sexual assault and perjury right and
Democrats in most of the country because
we have done this throughout history
when we've nominated people to Supreme
Court and had hearings it's a job
interview
it is a job interview for a lifetime
appointment to the most powerful court
in the land that's what this is yeah and
also I would say that Brett Kavanaugh
has some pretty strong opinions about
perjury and whether or not it's a
serious crime and if somebody should be
say removed or impeached over it he says
yes and he doesn't even care if the
perjury is over a private sexual matter
he's very much in favor of impeaching
people for their for lying about private
sexual matters and I would say that the
evidence that Bill Clinton committed
perjury is not a hell a lot stronger
than the evidence that Brett Kavanaugh
repeatedly committed perjury in various
confirmation hearings since he's been
nominated to be a lower court judge and
I was supreme court judge I do think
that the other argument against
Cavanaugh's nomination confirmation that
has sort of emerged since his testimony
on Thursday is not just that he has
proven himself to be dishonest over and
over again big things and little things
but the fact that he sort of revealed
himself to be this naked partisan yeah
extreme partisan so the Portland Press
Herald which is the biggest newspaper in
Maine Susan Collins hope you're paying
attention this is a quote from their
editorial over the weekend quote we have
never had a Supreme Court nominee who
ripped off the nonpartisan mask the way
Cavanaugh did Thursday and identified
himself as an enemy of a political party
that represents the policy preferences
of millions of Americans and you think
back to that Testament his opening
remarks which he wrote which he had time
to look over which is not something that
he just said on the spur of the moment
and he looked and he's talked about you
know floated a conspiracy theory about
people are attacking him because this is
revenge on behalf of the Clintons and
then he said you know what what goes
around comes around issues a threat like
that that what goes around comes around
like if I end up on this Court you're
all gonna be sorry I mean it was
crazy
the revenge on me have a look that what
goes around comes around like this is
clearly a very angry man
the revenge on behalf of the Clintons
that is silly nonsense
because nobody's doing this for the like
they may be angry that Donald Trump is
president a lot of those Democrats are
angry Donald Trump is president and they
don't want you on the Supreme Court they
don't like your policies they don't like
your your position as a judge that's all
true but nobody's doing this to get for
Hillary sake nobody's doing this real
clinseq nobody gives a that's not
about this you're like on the list of
reasons I oppose Brett Kavanaugh like
his role in the in the Ken Starr look I
do have some sympathy for the broader
point that the confirmation process can
be so bruising and awful for people in
all kinds of positions that why would
you ever take an administration job
remember our friend Tom cotton
Republican from Arkansas held an Obama
nominee until she died right died to
help you know to stick it to President
Obama but I mean that's not a new
phenomenon and I and I go back to
Lindsey Graham's red-faced screaming
tirade that didn't once mention the
feelings needs obligations to a woman
who sat before him just hours earlier
talking about a very credible accusation
of sexual assault he he did not care
about getting to the bottom of those
allegations he only cared about what it
meant for his rich powerful friend Brett
Kavanaugh and that's why like I'm
getting very frustrated with a lot of
the reporting on the broader process
over the weekend that's like Washington
once again is it's at a new low like
both sides are doing it I mean on the
one hand regardless of how do you think
Dianne Feinstein handled the knowledge
of dr. Ford's accusations at the end of
the day Democrats are trying to get to
the bottom of a highly credible sexual
assault allegation about a possible
Supreme Court justice and Republicans
are doing nothing to sincerely
investigate those claims and in fact
they brought someone in they outsource
their role to attack the victim so spare
me this both sides this is what
the Senate is supposed to do this this
is their job to look into these well
