president Trump nominated to the Supreme
Court Brett Kavanaugh a 53 year old
judge who currently sits in the United
States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit Cavanaugh spent most
of his life in Republican politics he
worked as staff secretary for George W
Bush before that he worked for Ken Starr
in the 90s where he investigated whether
Vince Foster's death was really a
suicide and helped write the report to
Congress that led to Bill Clinton's Bill
Clinton's impeachment blast from the
past gonna be fun for everyone since
then however he's also said that
indicted a sitting president would ill
serve the public interest
fivethirtyeight.com ranked the
ideologies of these potential nominees
and Cavanaugh ranked as more
conservative than Kennedy Roberts Alito
and gore such basically as right-wing as
Clarence Thomas gentlemen first
reactions to this pick I mean I think we
all just this has been a bad day for
everybody and I think we all just need
to be honest that this is a seismic
shift in the makeup of the court we've
now gone from Kennedy is there to center
swing to John Roberts is the center of
the court he the swing vote to the
extent that there is one which shows you
how much it's shifted and like I hate to
give the Trump Whitehouse credit but
they've done an effective job of
managing this process they did so
Gorsuch they prevented leaks they are
selling their nominee in a primetime
address but it's also it's an example of
Trump being fully owned by these
interest groups I mean you know if
thinking back during the campaign Trump
sort of floated his sister as maybe
being at the Supreme Court yeah remember
and then Ted Cruz kicked the out of
him for it and called her a radical
pro-abortion extremist she's better than
Cavanaugh to think it's a nice thing you
say about the current president sister
and so weeks later they released a list
judges generated by the Heritage
Foundation and then later on it was
added to with this Federalist Society
lists run by a creep named Leonard Leo
and so I mean the whole goal of this
list in this process to make sure
there's not another Kennedy there's not
another moderate so we need to worry
that everything we care about from roe v
wade to the you know the right to
organize in the union to the affordable
care act is at risk I mean this is a
monumental brutal day for people who
care about what we care about love it
yeah I think that's right yeah I guess I
mean I just say it's not you know what a
surprise
Trump chose a right-wing white guy who
hates the Clintons and doesn't believe a
president should be indicted so I mean
what a twist yeah let's talk about what
a twist
choosing Cavan I mean like you said
Tommy it's crazy that we got to a point
where we have a Republican president
who's just gonna automatically pick from
a list that a far right-wing group put
together that special interest group
that demanded he pick a certain justice
so that's crazy and it's both speaks
also too it speaks to the dirty deal at
the heart of the Trump administration
the dirty deal of Republicans will look
past the corruption and chaos and
vulgarity and racism and misogyny to get
the judges this is that this is
it so of course he does he's like you
mean they'll tolerate me if I just
choose a judge from this list and I'll
love me okay I'm done I don't care right
well it also and let's talk about among
the four finalists he could have picked
Hardiman who was the runner-up last time
to Gore such Hardiman though had a
background that wasn't quite as defined
didn't have as much writing some people
thought maybe on certain issues Hardman
might be more moderate some of the base
was a little worried that he might be a
judge Souter was famously picked by a
Republican president and then turned out
to be more moderate than they thought
Amy Barrett another possibility
also people didn't know exactly what her
rulings were so this is definitely the
most it's probably the most partisan
pick because this person was Cavanaugh
was in Republican politics for a very
long time has the most opinion like he
has a paper trail that's just miles long
from when he was staff secretary in the
White House it was where McConnell is
worried about apparently that paper
trail well that's what so that's that's
the point here this McConnell apparently
over the weekend told Trump that he was
more nervous about Cavanaugh being the
pick because he thought that there was a
longer paper trail he said that he was
concerned about the volume of documents
Cavanaugh created during his 12 years on
the court of appeals as well as I his
role in the Ken Starr
investigation as well as his role in the
bush White House and Heath and McConnell
was worried that Cavanaugh could help
the Democrats delay the nomination until
after the new court session begins on
October I want to talk about the bush
White House ears for a minute because
when you work at the White House every
email you send or every document that
you work on this part of the
presidential Records Act has to be
stored and kept so Cavanaugh's emails
are sitting somewhere at I guess the
bush library the the archivist controls
them and so when when the Obama White
House put forward Alana Kagan to be our
Supreme Court nominee we had that they
went through all the emails down a
little rock there were the Clinton
Library from her time in the Clinton
administration and released them and so
Democrats and the press need to demand
that Cavanaugh's emails all be released
but they should all be placed online
they should not be in some box fax
somewhere how people fly down there
should all be on a website like Kagan's
are right now because that's the
president yeah
and it's well so what is it what do we
think it says about Trump that he went
with what is potentially the riskiest
nominee to get through the Senate what
what was it about Brett Kavanaugh that
he likes so much more than Hardman or
Barrett or Catholic or some of the other
possibilities one thing could be that
Cavanaugh wrote a briefing once that
said that the president it√≠d state
should have quote absolute discretion to
determine whether and when to a point or
fire a special counsel and that a
president should not be criminally
indicted no matter what evidence of
wrongdoing is uncovered yeah we were
talking about these we were when the
names were first coming out we were
talking about them at the office and and
and and it was I was like oh people are
saying that Kevin does not the smart
pick because all these other people can
get through easy eat more easily and
Cavanaugh has this record of saying this
thing around investigations and it's
like well it's not the smart pick unless
you're a criminal
then it's a really smart pick to pick
the guy that will protect you yeah I
think that's probably a piece of it I
also think the Trump just wants a fight
he doesn't like it yeah he's in P likes
fights his operating principle with this
White House is to fight about
everything whether it's tariffs or the
courts so this guy oh people tell him
you can't pick this guy I'm gonna pick
this guy also
I mean apparently he was had had some
problems with Cavanaugh's ties to the
Bush administration because he just
treats all things bush like they're an
enemy but we don't know we can't get
inside this bozos brain I mean I'm sure
we'll get him over that I think that
these special interest groups probably
told him who they wanted him to pick and
this has been a foregone conclusion for
a long time
let's hope with some of the other issues
what we know about Kavanagh on the
Affordable Care Act he's argued that
even if the Supreme Court upholds a law
a president can refuse to enforce some
of it so that's that's great news for
people who care about the Affordable
Care Act he has declared the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau
unconstitutional on Roe vs. Wade
during his DC Circuit confirmation he
said he played the game where he said
he'd respect precedent and declined to
share his personal views so we can
expect that anyone on this list that
Leonard Lee he'll put together is gonna
try to overturn roe v-- wade but I think
it's gonna be up to Democratic senators
to try to probe during the hearings to
try to get something on it yeah this is
a simple one there's a huge difference
between someone saying as a lower court
judge I will respect a precedent and
someone who is going to be on the
Supreme Court saying they're going to
respect a precedent respecting a
precedent at a lower court level is a
totally different matter so the the I
already see that being put out there by
people trying to kind of I assume get to
Collins and Murkowski but it's it's it's
a totally unrelated point yeah the other
thing we know about him is when he was
nominated to the Circuit Court of
Appeals
it was held up for a long time because
Democrats thought he was too extreme
back then back in the early 2000s
remember we could hold things up because
somebody was too extreme right what a
time we should note that Collins and
Murkowski both voted for him in 2006 but
Collins put out a statement already and
because he's saying it was a very sort
of bland statement we're gonna meet with
him we're gonna hear his views we look
forward to the confirmation hearing so
they're not given anything up yet I mean
the other thing Tommy to your point the
Trump wants a fight it
both distressing annoying
infuriating that we are now going to
spend the summer reliving the political
fights of the 1990s they were going to
go through the Ken Starr investigation
again they were gonna talk about the
Clintons again then and then we're gonna
be treated to reliving the Bush years
again since he wishes that secretary in
the bush way that's too soon for that
that's too soon that's like bringing
spider-man back just like two-year
Andrew Garfield was spider in two
seconds after Tobey Maguire you know I
think they're yeah I really I hope this
doesn't focus too much on the Ken Starr
stuff I don't know maybe if there's
something useful that we should talk
about there I mean I'm sure that in his
Bush administration emails he waited on
some really touchy things like the Iraq
war
Gitmo surveillance torture surveillance
right so there could be some real
interesting things he's said or done
that we should talk about that the thing
that that drives me crazy about
Republicans versus Democrats on these
judicial discussions is that they've
done this masterful job of branding
their judges and their judicial
philosophy as conservative conservative
or constitutional list or you know
whatever I would like original text is
own terminology but its total I
mean the minute these judges get named
to a to a court they are activists they
are exactly what they claim not to be
they find novel ways to overturn
decades-old precedent as this court is
doing right now so like I don't know how
we fix that messaging fight because
we've got enrolled for decades on this
front but we need to do a better job I
think we've seen so far is the Democrats
have at least in the preparation for
this announcement has sort of prepared
for that and are now talking about these
Supreme Court picks is basically you
know an extension of the Republican
Party I mean that was like one senator
said that right I mean it is well no I
mean it's pretty much like Schumer's
mess I mean it's all their messaging
right now which i think is good you just
need to keep that out it's not named
Merrick garland what's it that's on name
Merrick garland for Surma
right yeah no kidding I I think that
this is a good I think your point is
right I actually think this fight is a
good place to do a better job you know I
can see us getting drawn into
conversations about the Ken Starr
investigation and the kind of salacious
questions that caught Cavanaugh wanted
to ask Bill Clinton and it's all very
interesting but then I think there's
really what were those things
referencing look um I don't know that I
can save and say it on this podcast
without blushing frankly but let's just
say that Brett Kavanaugh wanted to ask
Bill Clinton some very specific vulgar
questions anyway the there's two I'd be
like they're saying what you give the
listeners the gist of what he said look
it was about where Bill Clinton's just
went frankly I'm sorry you asked I don't
want to say it I don't want to say it
anyway specific sexual things the point
is we shouldn't talk about that because
there's two goals in this fight one is
to stop Cavanaugh and that is really
really hard go to stop Cavanaugh calm is
that a real website it's up cool someone
good running it yeah you got a good web
webmaster nothing
all right great yeah go there so anyway
there's two goals goal number one is to
do everything we can to stop Cavanaugh
that's really really hard the second
goal is to make sure that the fight we
have on Cavanaugh is a fight that helps
us politically in the fall and in
judicial fights to come and that's a
fight we have to win and it's a fight we
can win that we have a bet that we have
better odds of winning that fight and
that fight is best fought on unions
regulation choice and health care and
the the issues of what Cavanaugh's
radical radical sort of originalist
right-wing judicial philosophy what that
will mean for actual people so this idea
that we're gonna get dragged into the
Bush years unless there's really
important stuff about his record I think
or the Clinton years certainly I think
will be a bad path to go and I think so
far actually we'll see what happens but
I think senator
crowd certainly understand that because
they've been hitting choice and they've
been hitting health care pretty hard
here's my vote for one of the best
messages I've heard from Senate
Democrats so far Bob Casey up for
reelection in Pennsylvania a state that
Trump won he decided to come out
against the nominee this morning before
he knew who it was and here's what he
said in the statement this is some of
his statement this list is the bidding
of corporate special interests hell-bent
on handing health care over to insurance
companies and crushing unions any judge
on this list is fruit of a corrupt
process straight from the DC swamp I
will oppose the nomination because it
represents a corrupt bargain with the
far right big corporation and Washington
special interests that is outstanding
and also 100% accurate even more true
for Brooke have enough right like the
Koch brothers and their friends fund
these organizations like the Federalist
Society who create this pipeline of
judges who then slash regulations and
make them loads of money and put
Citizens United forward so they can
spend unlimited amounts on their
candidates it is this circular
horrifying process that is setting us
back for generations and I will say that
like having been in politics long enough
I guarantee that that message pulls very
very strongly
not just in blue states but in red
states and among some Trump voters as
well you know what's really great about
that statement too is that there's this
hemming and hawing DC conversation like
I got a wait to see who the nominee is I
got to make sure I give him a fair
hearing and is it you should you come
out before he's even pick someone
doesn't that seem that isn't that isn't
that mean you're not gonna take these
seriously isn't I mean you're too
partisan all that and there's a
legitimate debate there however what's
interesting is somebody comes up with a
statement like that that just tells the
truth about the situation and it's an
incredibly powerful argument that says
no I shouldn't wait for somebody let's
not pretend this process is something
else let's not pretend this is just a
random individual we're gonna give a
fair hearing this guy was chosen from a
list he was chosen from a list of people
to do the bidding of these interests
that's absolutely true
that's right yeah and I also think
there's you know there's this debate now
like oh it's a trump Supreme Court
nominee you're gonna put red state
Democrats in a tough spot no it's
not
this is this is the easiest no vote I
can ever imagine think about what
happened with Republicans when they not
only opposed Merrick garland but opposed
even a hearing for President
Obama's repeal on the Senate they
nothing happened
not one single Republican paid any price
for opposing for opposing any Supreme
Court justice from Barack Obama none but
if you want your base to walk away from
you and you're a Democrat vote for this
guy that'd be a Brett Kavanaugh fan if
you if a red state Democrat votes no on
Cavanaugh they are gonna have the base
voters that they need we're gonna show
up or in a volunteer vote for them knock
on doors making phone calls they're
gonna have them excited and showing up
for them if they vote YES on this I want
to find the swing voter who was like I
was really close to voting for Joe
Manchin or Heidi Heitkamp but then I
don't know they said no to Brett
Kavanaugh well I love I'm a huge Kevin
I'm a Kevin this voter doesn't like
President Trump doesn't like how the
Republicans have been handling Congress
but they do really love Brett Kavanaugh
and they're really disappointed and also
know that's not gonna happen and also
speaking to what Bob Casey said vote no
and make the argument on the terms you
believe that's right the argument on the
terms of health care make them make the
argument of the terms of access to
reproductive health because that is a
winning argument literally in every
state in the Union and that's another
thing about Bob Casey statement because
like if I was a senator I'd be making
the argument based on the fact that you
know break heaven is gonna criminalize
abortion and I'd be talking about the
ACA and stuff like that Bob Casey is one
of these senators he is personally you
know against abortion but he never
legislates that way he legislates
pro-choice he's got a good record there
but he decided not he decided to make
the argument on his terms on his issues
what he thought was right for those in
his state and that is possible for every
single Democrat in the Senate and there
have been there's been some criticism to
Casey like oh he just this was a
politically expedient way to get out of
a tough decision on someone who's
qualified so what now it's a fight it's
it's like picking a fight and I'd rather
be on that side and the other one of
that
and this is a hard fight I mean we have
to hold all the red state Democrats and
then we have to put maximum leverage on
college and Murkowski and that's gonna
be very hard but we should try as hard
as we possibly can
but we also we need to do a better job
