we are here with secretary Hillary
Clinton at her home in Chappaqua to talk
about her book what happened thank you
so much for being on pot save America I
am thrilled to be on pot save America
really happy that you all are here today
well so love it has been asking for this
for so long I mean it's not like begging
I just glad it worked out but I am so
delighted that you're still asking I
don't know what we'll do after we
actually complete this podcast we may
have to think of something we have other
shows we made among events we have a lot
coming down the pike do you really yes
okay I need to hear all about that John
I do want to let our podcast listeners
know that her guard is down Hillary
Clinton's guard is down so you write in
the book about the challenges you faced
running as a woman one silver lining of
2016 is that a record number of women
have now decided to run for office what
advice would you give them about how to
grapple with a kind of sexism that you
grappled with during the campaign I'm so
glad you started with that John because
you know I wrote this book to explain
what I think happened but also to raise
issues that I think we have to deal with
so that they won't have the same impact
on the next election and the one after
that and I write a whole chapter called
on being a woman in politics because I
was really quite taken aback at the
attitude and the behavior of my general
election opponent because he made no
bones about it literally he was so
sexist and not just about me but about
his Republican woman opponent he is
women and reporters on TV and elsewhere
so it was really a part of the
atmosphere and I want not just women but
men as well to know this is endemic
sexism and misogyny are still endemic
we've made progress but we can't allow
ourselves to go backward and as I point
out in the book
it never was just about me I happen to
have the big bullseye on
headbutt it was about women and in the
months since we've seen reports out of
Silicon Valley and other businesses as
well as politics we're distinguished
women like Elizabeth Warren or Kamala
Harris or Kirsten Gillibrand or you know
others in the media are being treated to
a level of overt sexism that I thought
we had at least diminished and maybe put
a lid on but it seems to have popped
back up so I'm hoping that everybody
will read in my book that chapter
because I want everyone to think about
it and be serious about it and then I
think we have to stand up and speak out
men and women alike
so when Kamala Harris is basically told
to stop talking or Elizabeth Warren is
told to stand down we need to say hey
wait a minute
you know that is overtly sexist and
we're not going to put up with it and
her colleagues and everybody else should
say the same thing so the excerpts of
the book that have leaked out so far
have set off another round of Bernie
versus Hillary recriminations everyone's
favorite pastime now I know that
elsewhere in the book you give Bernie a
lot of credit you say that the debate is
overblown that you actually agree on
most issues but it seems like there's
still an important debate about what
comes next for the party that we should
talk about so from the spring Washington
Post poll found that 67% of voters think
Democrats are out of touch with the
concerns of the average person and that
includes 44% of Democrats to turn this
around do you think the democratic party
needs to fundamentally change as an
institution with regards to policy or do
you think it's about sharpening our
message better technology in the party
and stuff like that I've given this a
lot of thought as you might guess
because it is deeply distressing to me
that we are painted like that and I can
only speak again from my own experience
which I try to relate in the book I had
such a different experience in o8 you
know as you all know because you were
part of the Obama campaign once it was
over it was over and
I quickly endorsed President Obama I
worked really hard to get him elected I
was still arguing with my supporters at
the Denver convention telling people
don't be ridiculous you've got a vote
for senator Obama at the time and I was
thrilled when he got elected I didn't
get anything like that respect from
Sanders and his supporters and it hurt
you know to have basically captured the
nomination ending up with more than 4
million votes than he had but he dragged
it out and he was so reluctant but why
would we be surprised he's not a
Democrat and that's not a slam on him
that is just a repetition of what he
says about himself so what I'm focused
on are people who are proud to be
Democrats people who want to defend the
legacy of Democrats of our last
president and presidents before who have
done so much to help so many Americans
economically in terms of civil rights
human rights and I think we are facing a
couple of very difficult obstacles first
the other side has dedicated propaganda
channels that's what I call Fox News
right it has outlets like Breitbart and
you know crazy Infowars and things like
that in this particular election it was
aided and abetted by the Russians and
the role that Facebook and other
platforms played we are late to that you
know we did not understand how a reality
TV campaign would so dominate the media
environment and I confess you know I was
trying to do everything I could to build
on the success of President Obama's
campaign I had a lot of people you guys
know involved in the campaign we were
really proud of it but boy it was tough
to break through so I think the
Democrats can do a lot but they are
still going to face a very difficult
media environment and we've got to
figure out how we're gonna break through
I mean obviously more podcasts more
other ways of communicating so voices
can be heard and real positions can be
understood is part of it but we're still
at a disadvantage well so what do you
think of recently , Harris
both Warren have signed on to Bernie's
single-payer health care plan do you
think that's a good idea do you think
that we need some of these bolder
policies oh look I've been for universal
health care for many decades and there's
a difference between single-payer and
universal health care under President
Obama we got the Affordable Care Act so
we got to 90% coverage and one of the
differences we had in the primary
campaign was my very strong defense of
the Affordable Care Act and my strong
defense of what President Obama had
achieved and my recognition that we had
come so far that I was certainly not
going to support ripping it up and
trying to start all over again but in
terms of a political statement to say
we've got to get to universal health
care and maybe we should consider you
know some kind of single-payer besides
Medicare which is single-payer and
Medicaid which is largely single-payer
we need to be looking hard at this but I
think that the more likely outcome after
we try to raise the attention of the
electorate on what we could achieve is
the continuing struggle to expand health
care I said we need a public option I
was very clear about that so I don't
have any criticism whatsoever and
staking a big claim on where we need to
end up but I also say look let's be
realistic about how we're gonna get to
where we need to be so there was an
internal debate within your campaign
towards the end about whether to attack
Trump as divisive and offensive or
whether to emphasize your economic
message in order to win back some of
these working-class voters and your
husband reportedly advocated for that it
seems like Democrats are going to face
this issue again and again and we're
gonna face it with Trump we may face it
with others what should they do
obviously have to do both but it
campaigns about choosing resources ads
messages how do you face that well we
were trying to do both we never stopped
on the economic agenda and there's been
lots of analysis since the election I
talk more about jobs and anybody else we
put forth a really detailed set of ideas
about what would work we did not get the
kind of coverage that we need
you know I went back and looked I say
this in the book you know in the 2008
general election campaign there were 200
minutes devoted to policy by 2012 it was
down to about 114 minutes by 2016 it was
32 minutes and so all of the work and
effort that I did in this campaign and
that I saw others do because when you
run for president you should tell people
what you're gonna do that seems like a
pretty straightforward idea what just
not competitive with the reality TV show
going on on the other side and we tried
so many different ways to break through
that and we did of course advertise what
we saw as the threats that Trump posed
to the country because frankly we
thought and I still believe he's a clear
and present danger to America
and I would have been less than
responsible if I didn't talk about that
but we tried to do both we tried to make
the case for both and I'd be the first
to tell you it was difficult to break
through I want to turn to like realism
what does I mean you talked about now
you talked about in the book I feel like
the book is a nuanced
look at how these issues play out and
basically what caused this loss as well
as the realization that you should not
be in the same room with James Comey
anytime soon just for his sake mostly
he's pretty tall I think you take him
honestly I think you have the I think
you have the passion because you know
John brought up single-payer you said
this you said in the book Bernie and the
race meant you had less space and
credibility to run a feisty progressive
campaign that won in 2008 in
Pennsylvania in Ohio and I I didn't
fully understand that because I don't
understand why Bernie's presence
prevents you from running that kind of a
campaign well what I mean by that is
because we certainly were trying to run
that kind of a campaign is that his
claims which he could not defend really
not even explain when pressed filled up
a lot of space you know when I was
running against President Obama in 2008
we had differences but they were you
know this is my bias they were honest
differences that we presented and we
defended and
whether it was an individual mandate or
not in healthcare each of us was ready
to say here's why or here's why not that
was not possible in this primary
campaign and you know I I point out that
every time we made a claim on what we
were gonna do he would just say okay I'm
gonna do more of it and so the the
argument was never adequately joined and
I spent a lot of time you know basically
defending President Obama in a
Democratic primary hood I couldn't
believe it every speech started with I
don't think President Obama gets the
credit he deserves for saving the
economy saving the auto industry getting
us on the road to universal health care
and you know this is I was running at
somebody who publicly advocated
President Obama being primary right so
it was difficult to have what I consider
to be a fair-minded debate about okay we
have had a successful two-term president
where do we go from here with somebody
who wasn't a Democrat who criticized
both President Obama and me and it was
much more challenging to have a kind of
straightforward argument of okay health
care what are we gonna do about health
care because he would say oh we're gonna
do you know single-payer and I say well
how you gonna do it and well you
wouldn't know but the claim and the you
know laying down of the gauntlet on that
made it harder but one of the points you
make in that sort of lessons from all
this is that he has a point about the
importance of universal programs that
arguing for a big universal college or
or health care or what-have-you
makes a lot of sense to people first of
all it's clear and easy for people
understand and also it avoids the kind
of stigma that you have on things that
are more directed right the problem that
happened with the expansion of Medicaid
for example under Obamacare so it seems
like in a lot of ways yes in the moment
in a campaign some of these big promises
are more about vision but in practice
you do see the merits of having done
that right because it seems like that's
one of your recommendations for the
party moving forward well it's what I do
recommend that we try to figure out but
if you're gonna do it you got to be able
to answer all the questions that are
going to be raised and what was odd to
me about this election many things were
odd about it but one of the
it was odd about it is we came forward
with very specific proposals about
moving toward universality right and I
believe that to this day about how we
can get from where we are but I always
believed it turned out wrongly John that
there would be a moment of reckoning
because I'd always seen it in a general
election I always saw that at some point
whether it was in a tough interview or
in a debate somebody would say okay
you've had vacated for this how are you
gonna pay for it how are you actually
going to structure it that's what I was
waiting for it never came this time it
never came so yes maybe I was a little
more inclined in the primary because I
won by four million votes to say okay
look we're going to get there but we're
gonna do it in a very you know careful
thoughtful way because I really believed
a lot of the Trump rhetoric was going to
be you know finally punctured and that I
would be on a debate stage and somebody
said well you know you talk about this
wall what are you talking about where
did some money gonna come from or you it
never happened he was never held
accountable so a lot of my preparation
for those moments cuz I did think that
in many ways the election would come
down to the debates they often do it
didn't happen so one of the other
arguments you make for this kind of a
policy shop and I know these policy
people I work with them yes Jake
Sullivan is one of the smartest human
beings you can meet in your life you
talk about how these things had
footnotes and they were ready to they
were sort of ready to hit the ground
running and you said one of the problems
is it wasn't just about the merits of
these policies but is about the optics
of it right but at the same time you
recognize the need for a more expansive
vision for Democrats I mean one argument
against us on the merits is in a
campaign you set a big goal it may be
unachievable but you can compromise when
you're governing I mean you make the
comparison state of welfare in the 90s
and how President Clinton in the 90s
held off on signing on several versions
of a bill until he felt as though it
reached enough compromise and that's a
pragmatism of governing but isn't there
a distinction between the pragmatism of
governing and the vision and sort of
Overton Window you open during the
campaign I think that's a very fair
assessment but remember I was following
a two-term Democratic
and I was really aware of how important
it was to embrace that legacy and defend
it because on the merits I thought it
was really important and I believed that
if I had said okay we're gonna have
universal health care single-payer first
question would have been well why didn't
President Obama do that well because it
was really hard and what he got done was
amazing you know yeah see that's tough
whereas Sanders who's not even a
Democrat who criticized the president
all the time he could say whatever he
wanted to say I was not only running on
my own I was running to build on the
progress of the prior eight years I was
unapologetic about that but I also knew
the headwinds against somebody trying to
run to succeed a two-term president
their own party we're pretty intense I
mean Americans get bored they get tired
they want a change they think somebody
else can do something better even though
they liked Bill Clinton and they liked
Barack Obama but they wanted a change so
I was trying to be as honest as I could
about yes we're gonna build on the
Affordable Care Act we're gonna finish
the last 10% of people who are not
insured we're gonna be able to do it
because here are the fixes that will
make it work
and yeah I put me in a bit of a
straightjacket but it was what I thought
was called for given the fact that you
know I wasn't going to be spouting stuff
that then would be immediately
contradicted because well why wasn't it
done before
immigration is another example right I
mean daca was a great accomplishment I'm
for immigration reform Sanders voted
against it in 2007 and so I'm trying to
say we're gonna protect what we have but
we're gonna try to go further now that
is not as exciting as saying you know
throw them all out or whatever the
alternative is it was constant
calibration and you know it was it was a
tough line to walk so one of the other
debates one of the other argument you
had during the campaign was over money
in politics and it's one of the things
that Bernie levels against the
Democratic Party writ large and I think
it's important for moving forward you
know you say correctly
Bernie couldn't in that debate point to
a single instance once you changed your
mind because of donations but you also
said that you wanted to end the
stranglehold of the wealthy have on our
government and in the book you talked
about the danger of
according donors where is that danger I
mean you don't have to change your mind
for this money to have some kind of an
influence and what what do you think the
danger of courting donors is well I'm
for public financing and I put forth a
very comprehensive set of changes I
voted for you know mccain-feingold I
mean I think the Supreme Court has so
perverted our electoral system and
citizens united is a gateway to
corruption and I think we've seen that
over and over again so I don't have any
problem with people donating to your
campaign
and neither does Bernie Sanders by the
way because you know he takes money from
people as well what I wanted to do was
to say look we need a whole different
system and so I said I was going for a
constitutional amendment from day one on
citizens united because there's no way
to get to where I think we have to be
unless we change the Constitution but
until then we live with the system yes
and one of the consequences of this
system is raising huge sums of money and
going to amongst the financial industry
and other industries and raising money
going to the Hamptons and raising money
and for people who aren't proud to be
Democrats who maybe could be Democrats
it looks terrible and what they see is
access and influence and it's hard to
argue that they're wrong I mean isn't
there a price we pay for a system in
which Democrats were supposed to
advocate for working people it's been a
great deal of their time with rich
people have a fundamentally vested
interest in the status you know what's
so interesting I don't see it that way I
understand the argument but anybody who
donates to a Democratic candidate who is
