applaud today we have the Atlantic's
natasha bertrand who will be talking
with Tommy about her latest reporting on
the molar investigation stay tuned stay
tuned sign up for what a day our
newsletter it's launching on Monday
we've been getting high in a draft it's
watching on Monday tastic a brand new
products product from your friends at
Wikimedia content fresh out of the oven
information and what day you're gonna
read this thing either you'll read it
before you go to bed you you'll read it
when you wake up it'll give you a whole
rundown of what happened and why it
mattered it's getting real good
you'll be smart so just go sign up sign
up great keep it this week it's better
just go for the Omarosa takes from I ran
the game just listening to you or Cara
have to listen this Omarosa in real time
was my favorite thing that happened this
week it's hilarious go please go sign up
for this podcast um keep it as my is my
weekend activity gent do both these
things as ho pics cuz she's gonna need a
new way to get information and she can
have a lot of free time
there you go sign up for some podcasts
hope hope my soul still look till
available Shawn has not taken it yet oh
let's let's go ready let's talk let's
talk about the latest White House Hope
opera love it that was yours oh love it
it's a great joke thank you for using it
love it use it as the title for our beta
newsletter last night and I figured why
waste it just among the small group of
people who got that news yeah this is
content for more than friends and family
so anyway I want to talk about Hicks I
want to talk about Jared I want to talk
about sessions let's do it big night in
the boardroom yesterday
Trump is reportedly angrier than ever
and he might do something crazy like
slap tariffs on foreign steel have we
heard what he's and more angry than ever
before more anger than ever before
anybody he's an angry dick he's got an
itchy tariff the idea that you would
change America's international economic
policy because you're bad about that and
everyone's reporting this today like
it's completely normal like oh he's
really pissed he might do those by
herodotus he's mad at my dinner was
terrible raised interest rates what are
you talking about
happening it's absurd it's absurd the
the other thing that was part of this
Trump fit of pique coverage is dangerous
moment Trump has lost the people closest
to him he's steaming and wandering
around the building all alone
yeah and it's all everyone who's
competent professionals who always
pulled him back from the brink yeah
without Lewandowski and said Gorka
around the man's loose his former
bodyguard is the other one thank you
yeah where's Keith Schiller he's just
like just being paid out of a slush fund
from the RNC right now okay
great White House let's start with hope
who quit yesterday after being one of
trumps closest and longest-serving aides
as well as his fifth communications
director
the White House is publicly and
privately telling reporters that Hicks
had been considering leaving for several
months but she ultimately picked the day
after admitting to the House
Intelligence Committee that she told
white lies for the president's guys
coincidence what do we think
do we care I so Maggie Haberman was was
argue with people about this on Twitter
saying yet the hearing the day before
hope left was not the reason she decided
to leave
I believe Maggie because I'm positive
that hoped he'd up this story with
Maggie days and days in advance of that
hearing occurring so on that literal
question it's true but I mean one hope
should be smart enough as White House
communications director to know that you
probably should announce the day you're
leaving after you spend nine hours
testifying in front of a congressional
committee to of course the Muller stuff
is under girding all of this it sounds
like the most miserable place in the
world to work in this administration
it's a tough job anyway but she's under
real legal risk real serious legal risk
and I would want out of there too
because every day she hears Donald Trump
talking about hating sessions or
whatever she's further exposed yeah
yeah I would say whether or not it's a
specific coincidence around her
testimony before the House Intelligence
Committee what is not a coincidence is
that every single day she has worked as
communications director for this
president has been some combination of
personal scandal professional scandal or
legal scandal that has gotten worse and
worse and worse that has gotten worse
and worse and worse the other thing as
part of this hope coverage we've just
been bugging me is
uh there is something inherently sexist
in the way she is covered that because
she is young and pretty and a woman
there's this baseline assumption that
she lacks agency that she is like I've
just a that she doesn't have the same
power or authority or responsibility as
a man and that she's just a passenger
you know as part of on this on the Trump
criminality train but she's not and so
even if there is this baseline sexism in
the way that she's discussed publicly
her legal culpability is not affected by
the fact that coverage doesn't treat a
young woman as being as responsible as a
man yeah yeah I mean let's let's
remember it was only about a month ago
that former Trump legal team spokesman
mark Corallo quit and said that one of
the reasons he left is because he
believed that hope may have obstructed
justice when she said that the Don jr.
emails from the meeting the the you know
if it's what you say I love it
especially later in the summer emails
you know thoroughly when she told
everyone those emails will never get out
so not to worry so continue to write a
statement with the president knighted
States aboard Air Force One saying that
the meeting was about adoption so she is
possibly in legal jeopardy for that in
additional hours and there's no love it
was saying it's weird that she's always
described as the person who understands
him the best the person who had his best
interests at heart a true believer in a
world where you have true believers in
like gross DC operators like the Gary
cones and the mooch and the Spicer's
I'll take them over the people that see
him talking about like Charlottesville
or the Muslim ban and think you know at
heart he's a good guy he's trying to do
the right thing I'm in it for the right
reasons the right reasons are deeply
 up and if she doesn't get that I
don't know what to do for her here yeah
I will say it is um they have no you
know she's like a daughter she's part of
the family I will say there's nothing
more familial inside of Trump world than
then saying out loud or putting in an
email no one will ever find out about
this that is a that is almost hereditary
to what these people do
also like at least at least for Ivanka
you can say she hasn't chosen to be part
of the family she's just part of the
family and said hopes chosen to be part
of this family now she thinks it's
 great yeah it's like one thing
to be born into Scientology but you
signed up Freddie went in and took the
courses Trump's an to her he
like Cory Lewandowski put in his book
that Trump would make her steam his
suits while they were on when they were
on the road that's not a cute funny
quirky anecdote from the trail that's a
weird thing to do to the young like late
20s female staffer on your plane he also
apparently trip also told Cory or told
hope that she was quote the best piece
of tail Lewandowski ever had that was in
the Michael Wolfe book that's a
disgusting thing to say to someone who
is called your second daughter so it's
all weird also CNN also has an unnamed
Trump Ella who said that Trump was
pissed about the white lies comment
quote Trump asked Hicks after the
testimony how she could be so stupid and
that was apparently the final straw for
hope Hicks that was apparently the final
straw for hope Hicks so I mean I think
it could be true that what Maggie said
that you know months ago hope was first
considering leaving and then there were
certain things in the last couple weeks
that sort of pushed her over the edge I
don't know why everyone exit the hope
exit timing doesn't matter this doesn't
matter at all apparently CNN said that
Muller's team is also asking about hope
Hicks coming to the New York Times two
days after the election when she said
we're not aware of any campaign reps
that were in touch with any foreign
entities before yesterday which we now
know is not necessarily true was that a
white liar was it bigger who knows who
knows what I hope there's no such thing
as a white lie at the White House I'm
sorry there's no such thing as a white
lie you're you're the person for the
president knighted States as we've
learned Bob Muller makes all lies free
big deal yeah they were even when
they're not lies that will land you in a
massive criminal probe big goes to the
heart of the foundations of American
democracy it is still not okay to lie to
reporters on behalf of the president
yeah so we'll we'll see hope again in
the reunion episode but for now they'll
be interested you'll be on Big Brother
she'll be on Big Brother with Omarosa
all right next guys hate to tell you
this but I think our friend Jared isn't
a lot of trouble
so in the last 48 hours the White House
chief of staff has stripped away his top
security top-secret security clearance
he lost his PR person in the Washington
Post ran a story about how foreign
officials have talked about how to get
whatever they want out of Jared by
taking advantage of the fact that he's
billions of dollars in debt probably has
been business interest in their
countries and is generally a
 that was all topped by last
night's New York Times story that
revealed jared met multiple times in the
White House with leaders of at least two
financial institutions that then made
large loans to Kushner's family real
estate business that he still partially
owns my first question what does this
mean for Middle East peace we'll get
there later I mean start Apollo Global
Management lent him a hundred and eighty
four million dollars after taking a
meeting with Jared Jared apparently
floated the CEO a job opportunity by the
CEO I mean the like the utter lack of
judgment it takes to take this meeting
and to allow this loan to go through as
a staggering can you guys imagine Dan
Pfeiffer who had Jared's job taking a
meeting and then to accepting 184
million dollar loan to like fund his
trust the process
t-shirt scheme it's a craziest thing
I've ever heard and then the kosher
company statement said kosher companies
did not have any conversations nor
interaction with the White House
visitors mentioned in the time story
okay so then the loans magically
appeared yeah Jared greased them or
something happened here there's a loan
so many coincidences in this White House
yeah so there's there's two part there's
two sides to corruption
there's here's how it helped Jared and
here's how it hurt the rest of us it's
pretty clear how this helped Jared right
Jared's businesses are in serious
problem you know he bought a building on
Fifth Avenue and he couldn't make it
work he's got a lot of debts he's racing
around the world to try to refinance and
finance his debt fine that's clearly
what he's doing here but but how does it
hurt the rest of us Donald Trump did an
about-face on a carried interest
loophole that benefits all of these
people that Jared has been seeking money
from and it was actually remarkable when
Trump flipped on this right if you
he was one of the people on the cam he
was a populist and he was like we're
gonna make sure that these you know
these wealthy Wall Street types they
don't pay a lower tax rate than then
teachers right that's the sort of the
argument that was always part of the
plant and then it just never was part of
the plant it never went into Trump's tax
plan and so what happened well they have
to get the money from elsewhere so it
means means higher taxes for
middle-class people it means fewer
deductions for normal people all because
there was a culture in the White House
which jarred clearly could not piss
these people off because he was so
desperate so it's it's funny though in
this in this Trump White House you're
like who is the culprit for the flip on
the carried interest loophole
could it be Jared meeting with financial
institutions could it be the fact that
he has a head of Goldman Sachs running
as economically could it be Paul Ryan
Mitch McConnell who laughed when they
heard about the caricatures I guess
no we're never gonna do that corruption
clue it's Murder on the Orient Express
they are the carried interest loophole
they all did it spoiler there's there's
a lot of focus on like so it's you know
Jerry loses security clearance is he
gonna step down is he gonna stay is he
mad at John Kelly's John Kelly mad at
him but like all that aside it seems
like Jared could be in some real legal
trouble with with Bob Muller here you
know I mean and Marcy wheeler wrote a
piece in The New York Times asking a
chair it's gonna be the next indictment
on a conspiracy to defraud America
charge which is the charge of choice for
Bob Waller and it's just so predictable
yet this is why you don't go into a
White House job without just getting rid
of all your companies and business
interests and why you when you have
massive debts it's seen as a liability
for say a security clearance process or
you know like these things are all
disclosed yeah yeah I mean just there's
so many pieces of this well that are
hard to understand we can't trust any
decision that these people make you know
there was a story that Rick Perry is
jetting off to meet with the Saudis
because that we're gonna help the
Saturday's get nuclear nuclear reactor
so when it's in a big problem well how
does this fit in with Donald Trump's
business interests how does this fit in
with with Jerry Kushner's business
interests did any of this stuff come up
come up when when Jared was going over
to Saudi Arabia when we know that these
are some of the people he's seeking
loans from to buoy up his business so he
doesn't run out of
while he sit in the West Wing I mean
remember mana 4 and gates were charged
with the conspiracy it was in that in
the guise of pursuing foreign policy on
behalf of the United States they were
actually serving the interests of
themselves and foreign governments and
that is that now what Jared's involved
in is the Washington Post story - like
he has been conducting foreign policy
both before the administration started
during transition and since then and the
question is if he was doing that in the
guise of helping America but actually
helping his own family's interests or
helping a foreign interest because all
these other countries now think they can
trick him then he's going to be in
really big truck and we already
know that his sister was out there
Hawking visas for a $500,000 investment
no immigration in the United States
unless you can pay Jared that's a clear
policy we want to cut immigration except
if you have $500,000 and you're a
Chinese investor who wants to pay the
Kushner's off then welcome come here you
are not a should whole country man
scenario unbelievable it's just on the
security clearance thing Tommy likes oh
we haven't talked about this yet can he
can he do his job without a security
clearance was he ever doing his job I
don't think so I mean like as far as I
can tell his job are he's in the Middle
East peace envoy lol he deals with he
feels like relations with Mexico which
is a big security relationship he deals
with China in some form or fashion and
he's like a floating bigshot advisor who
likes to go to the PDB and demand
intelligence if you've been downgraded
from a tea SSCI clearance a sensitive
compartmented information clearance to a
secret level you can't do any of those
things you can certainly go into a room
and have a negotiation and talk about
you know technical details but most of
the time when you go into negotiation
with any country you've been given every
piece of intelligence about the person
you're meeting with what they've been
saying what their position is what they
think their position is like ways to
convince them and if Jared can't access
that stuff it's a huge problem well this
is a bit you know look this is like The
Princess Bride jared is a master and
basically what he's gonna show all of us
is that he can do this left handed he
doesn't need the information he's a he's
a gut guy this is a guy that sits across
from a table he sees inside of our
adversaries and he knows what they want
he knows how to get them what they
while getting America what America track
record of success absolutely I mean this
is a person every phase of his life but
every phase in his life he has defied
the naysayers defied expectation that is
true and irate that it's true you know
just one more point on Jared I do in
some way feel bad for him because none
of this would have happened if he hadn't
had the resources to buy a spot in
Harvard which ultimately led him on a
path to be in positions where he was too
stupid and ill-equipped to do the crimes
he needed to do and get away with them
wasn't so damn arrogant could've just
stayed out of the White House stayed on
the outside a bit of grifting little
schmuck not on the government dime and
gotten away with all this yeah he could
have been the guy trying to get 500k for
visas in China and then gone gonna gone
to the US Open and whatever the hell he
likes he needed more he needed more our
beloved attorney general Jeffrey
Beauregard Sessions the third is
besieged once again yesterday the
President of the United States called
him disgraceful via tweet and attacked
sessions for not investigating the
Justice Department that is investigating
Donald Trump The Washington Post says
that Trump derisively refers to sessions
as mr. Magoo because he is elderly and
bumbly I laugh so much news happened on
Wednesday that the Trump tweeted about
sessions in the morning sort of sort of
faded away by the end of the day seems
like a pretty big deal though guys he's
like possibly a bigger deal than hope
Hicks leaving of course who can forget
the episode of mr. Magoo where he tried
to stop civil rights groups from helping
black people vote oh really the position
of voting for Jesse it's funny like okay
Trump calls him disgraceful in a tweet
and then Jeff's section goes out to
dinner with hot rod Rosenstein and the
number three the do generally yeah in
the whole DC establishment it's like
look at this burn it's a signal signal
maybe this is dissing they're
telling Trump that this is what he used
to do he doesn't care he's an irrational
actor and this he's gonna you know spout
off and fire over the he was
fire apparently such sessions hit back
and in the DC term by like releasing a
statement that was like I will continue
to do my job with integrity but then the
