yes all right welcome to pod save
America I'm John Favreau
I'm John Lovett I'm Tommy Vitor we are
coming at you from our new studio here
in crooked media headquarters see a
familiar curtain it's a work in progress
see a new fern-like thing that's
definitely a fake plant Elijah told us
we have to comment on the public access
nature of the studio for those who were
gonna seek video clips of this this
looks like are you listening to this it
doesn't really matter it looks like when
Laura Trump was doing Trump TV it's got
a real Wayne's World vibe for you
Millennials who like things that came
before your time anyway today on the pod
uh Tommy has an interview with Johanna
Hayes a first-time candidate and former
National Teacher of the Year who could
make history this fall as the first
african-american Democrat ever elected
to the Congress from Connecticut we'll
also talk about the latest in the Trump
investigation as well as the corrupt
goons who were running Washington dough
it down John I know I know just one well
sorry let's cut that um love it how was
love relieved it so good last week was
it amazing birthday edition yes it was a
birthday edition they made me dab Lauren
Mayberry of churches came by and she did
a dramatic reading of Omarosa is
prologue we had an awesome panel it was
a great show you check it out
what did Travis just put on the screen
make him dab if he says no chant until
he dabs yes it's great they did do that
that's such a good Jen and I dabbed
Congrats thank you like Paul Ryan anyway
so listen to that for the dabbing Tommy
I know you just recorded a fresh pod
save the world today I did I talked with
former deputy director former acting CIA
director he was both Michael Morell
about the John Brennan another secured
National Guard officials security
clearance dust-up with President Trump
over the weekend why is it a big deal to
real Donnybrook the fight we should be
picking you know get one when it's a
great detail all the context all you
need to know so check it out and for pod
save the world fan
and any fans of US foreign policy
there's a brand new wilderness episode
out today that is called the blob it is
about Democrats and foreign policy and
national security Ben Rhodes is favorite
set of people we got Ben Rhodes we got
Samantha power we got Marcy wheeler Jake
Sullivan
all your favorites Matt does it's gonna
be great
what do you estimate just by the vengers
assemble also you know we told you we're
gonna make an announcement
we had a big an announcement on Colbert
last pod mm-hmm that announcement was
vote save America go to vote save
America calm vote save America is
basically our initiative to make sure
that everyone is registered to vote
allow you to find campaign events in
your area so you can go help out
volunteer mm-hmm and you'll get a you
get to look at your ballot a sample
ballot it's a one-stop shop John now the
key here mm-hmm couple of things one
when this idea for surface when we're
talking about it we're like that has to
already exist turns out it didn't so
thank God Tonya soma Nader's here she
worked at the White House digital office
helped us pull this together along with
Shaniqua our political director but not
all the features we just described are
ready yet it takes a while to put
together your ballot like the state
doesn't necessarily have all the polling
locations so don't get upset if it's not
there but you need to sign up now so we
can get you the information that you
need when it's all available yeah it's
worth it it's something we think will
help people just be engaged right cool
right now the best thing to do is sign
up with your email and what you can do
now is check your voting registration
and register online and like you said to
me as the as we get into September and
October all the other good stuff will be
there but already there's a ton of
events listed so when you actually sign
up it tells you what you can do where
you are to participate right now which
is a great first step and even more
importantly just share it put it on our
Facebook page tweet it out like tell
your friends about it because we have no
stake in this besides democracy this is
a tool we paid to assemble because we
want to make it easier for people to
vote and get engage that's the whole
thing
and so we hope people use it yeah do it
alright let's get to the news there were
quite a few developments in the
investigation
into the gang of dip shits running the
government right now so let's just go
through them one by one great on Friday
special consul robert mullet recommended
in a memo that former trump eight george
papadapolis serve up to six months in
prison for the crime of lying to the FBI
which he pled guilty to Muller says that
Papadopoulos has repeated lies about his
contacts with Russian officials during
the 2016 campaign cause damage to the
government's investigation Tommy what
did we learn from Muller's filing here
anything useful uh I think we learned
well with all things George papadopolis
it's hard to tell whether he's just very
stupid or very stupid and hiding some
very bad behavior but it's certainly a
combination of both I think a lot of
people thought that Papadopoulos was
cooperating constantly and offering all
kinds of good information in fact that
that's not the case according to Muller
and this document it says he lied to
conceal his contacts with Russians and
Russian intermediaries which the
government says prevented them from
adequately questioning key witnesses
there was a professor Massoud who was in
the United States pop-pop-pop adop Allah
didn't explain how important he was in
real time so Massoud went back to
wherever he is now and they were unable
to fully question and so you know we
learned that George isn't like molars
Golden Goose but he's an important
witness and he also is a reminder of the
steel dossier is not how this whole
Russia probe started it started with an
offer of dirt on Hillary Clinton to a
bunch of officials and George got drunk
and bragged about it yeah and even
though he's not he's clearly not the
star witness here it also the filings
showed just how extensive I thought the
investigation is because the memo says
the defendant did not provide quote
substantial assistance and much of the
info provided came only after the
government confronted him with his own
emails text messages internet search
history and other info it had obtained
via search warrants and subpoenas
including a phone he used while he was
in the UK yeah which he used to talk
with this professor at great length and
it was the fourth proper session where
he was like oh you would the London
phone wouldn't you say that like this
guy's in some trouble I mean that is
pretty stupid and and we should end by
saying he still has legal exposure
potential additional charges relating to
you know not acting as a foreign agent
conspiracy to defraud the United States
all the other good stuff mother's
looking to what do you think love it
George papadopolis is what technically
speaking is a dolt he's a dope he's a
real dope and he's going through quite a
little Martin shkreli phase on Twitter
oh yeah yeah and I don't think it ends
well for him he's like for tweets are we
ever buying a wu-tang album you know
it's really not good but anyway when you
staff your campaign with criminals and
the when you say if your campaign with
criminals and the drugs or Republican
politics some of they would end up in
jail okay well let's on that note let's
move on to the next goon
which one the New York Times reported
over the weekend that White House
Counsel dawn McGann has been extensively
cooperating with Mahler's team sitting
for at least three for at least three
voluntary interviews that have lasted
more than 30 hours altogether well you
know what I say John was that what's
good for the goose is good for them
again but I always say The Times
reported Magan and his attorney couldn't
understand why Trump was so willing to
let him speak with Muller's team but the
Trump's attorneys felt their client had
nothing to hide Trump apparently was
also mistaken that the White House
Counsel represents him personally and is
there to defend his interests not to
represent the White House in the office
of the presidency itself
The Times followed up with a report on
Monday that Trump's lawyers still have
no idea what McGann told Muller's team
when he met with them though then there
was a sort of a late-breaking Washington
Post story before we started recording
that said McGann's lawyer in an email
said that he does not believe that
McGann incriminated the president in his
testimony in that and Wayne in fact that
you sent an email to a bunch of people
in the White House and the legal team
saying he did not incriminate him also
just we just pause for a moment to say
that's where things are at at the White
House where McGann has his lord hey can
you do me a favor I'm having a room
getting real weird vibes at work would
you mind just sending an email for me I
think if I sent it it's weird you mind
sending it and don't even say that I
asked you to send it just send it that
says I didn't incriminate the president
in federal crimes
because I work with these people but you
don't understand I work with them every
day it's so weird well they'd it's funny
that mean they did say like well if he
had incriminating the president if he
had witnessed the president committing
any crimes he surely would have resigned
because I'm sure he's a man of
upstanding characters again again a
hilarious thing I think you'll know the
president is a criminal because that's
when I'll quit
Tommy how significant is this story you
know it's hard to tell yeah I mean one
one initial thought I had when I was
reading it was I could finally
appreciate how frustrated Trump must be
with this whole process because he picks
up the paper and he learns about how his
White House Counsel is cooperating far
more than he ever knew with the
investigation that could take down his
presidency and now he's in a position
where if he fires McGann it could be
used against him in an obstruction case
so that sucks I don't really feel
sympathy for him but I get why he's best
there's some question though about the
motive behind this leak Marcy wheeler
we've had on the show really strongly
pushed back on the idea that McGann is
cooperating here by choice and that he's
really doing anything special because as
the White House Counsel he's the
government's lawyer he's the lawyer for
the office of the presidency he doesn't
have the chance to assert
attorney-client privilege like you would
in a normal case and Bob Bauer writes
about this on lawfare it's pretty well
established law so they're trying to
make this argument that they've been
incredibly transparent with the
investigation Trump's team loves to cite
the fact that they've turned over a
million pages of documents but a lot of
this is sort of a smokescreen because if
you're turning over like a million pages
of emails that are news clippings it
sorted meaningless like the key is that
Trump still hasn't sat for an interview
Bush and Cheney did during the plane
investigations so the other key thing
that Marci pointed out was McGann and
this whole article is about the
obstruction of justice charges it
doesn't say at Muller asked McGann about
Russian collusion specifically even
though he was the key lawyer on the case
on these issues so I'm the kid on the
campaign I'm sorry he was the key lawyer
on the campaign about these issues he's
like a campaign finance experts so
McGann faces real risk here and it sort
of glosses over that fat
but I don't know I just think it's so
awesome that Magan apparently decided to
be really helpful and cooperate it
because one day
Trump's other lawyers Ty Cobb and John
Dowd went to a fancy steak place and you
know talked a little too loud at lunch
in New York Times reporter heard them
bitching about Dom McGann and so he was
like well these guys are trying to screw
me I'm gonna go cooperate with Muller
and this place is just a snake pit and
it's gonna kill them all it seemed as if
from all the reporting that McGann
believed that Trump mount may make him
the fall guy for obstruction and be like
well I was given advice by my White
House Counsel that I could take these
actions whether it was firing Comey
whether it was telling Co me to let
Flynn off all this kind of stuff and he
remembers that John Dean President
Nixon's counsel they tried to set him up
as the fall guy for Watergate Dean
obviously pled guilty to obstruction
charges and then cooperated with the
government to help bring down Nixon and
so McGann from a gans point of view he's
thinking I want to cover my ass
I want to cooperate with Muller and I'll
end like you said and if I don't
cooperate with Muller now he could
subpoena me anyway right yeah it's
interesting it's been a lot of reporting
about whether Trump's whether Trump
thinks Trump did anything wrong what
seems to me as obvious what what seems
to me is obvious is that done McGann
doesn't believe that Don McGann
facilitated Donald Trump breaking the
law at the White House and so it would
make sense to me that he would try to
protect himself but but you know Bob
Bauer made this point about the fact
that and and Tommy you made it to that
McGann is required to cooperate to me
what's more interesting molested in the
kind of meeting out of guilt like is
Trump trying to drop the dime on McGann
is began trying to protect himself
whether it's from what happened during
the campaign or what happened in the
White House what I what to me is more
interesting and important is the White
House Counsel had to spend 30 hours
talking to Robert Muller because of all
he knows around this investigation and
how wrapped up his office now is into a
series of investigations into very
serious federal crimes which is
as Bob Bauer pointed out it's a it's a
unique situation for the White House
Council to be in to have been be a
witness
to be a witness in this way and to
continue and to be a witness while
continuing to play the role of White
House Counsel well and all the
president's lawyers and a lot of the
people in the White House have said for
a long time oh we don't believe that
it's possible that Donald Trump could be
charged with obstruction of justice or
could be guilty of obstruction of
justice or it could be impeached for
obstruction of justice rightly we don't
think this is a real thing and clearly
Don McGann doesn't believe that because
that's why I don't we can't set down and
wanted to cooperate about this now the
question is why did Trump let him again
do it in that well then that seems to be
a whole there's some problems I mean
like there seems to be a couple buckets
of frustration one everyone's mad and
McGann's lawyer didn't fully briefed
Trump's legal team on how much he said
how long he said it etc - there was this
early strategy where Trump's lawyers for
some reason believed him when he said he
didn't do anything wrong knowing that he
is a long history of lying to everyone
including his family and lawyers and
figure and they decided let's fully
cooperate with this inquiry and then you
know the Rudy Giuliani's of the world
have shut it down since McGann was
opposed to that strategy from day one it
was like sounds like you know Steve
Bannon has been on the record forever
saying that participating or cooperating
with the investigation was mistake so
that flight is happening I mean in the
day you have a bunch of largely
incompetent people who don't trust each
other battling it out constantly it's
like it's gonna be a horrible outcome
even you know even Trump himself can't
help but reveal the underlying
criminality we're all assuming as part
of this conversation because he's saying
things like Don McGann's no rat yeah I
know a favorite you can't rat somebody
out for not breaking the law
that's not how Wratten people out works
also have you not watched anything I
thought I know you fast-forward through
the non violent parts of movies but
there has been cut you have you not
caught a conversation in Goodfellas the
villain in the Nixon White House was
starts with Nixon dare you rat on
Richard Nixon I mean we kiss or get
caught up in the details of like who's
ratting out who and everybody well I
would like to step back for a second
all these from the White House
are telling Axios that began was a
helpful witness to trump they're glad he
cooperated because he was helpful and
they said quote in the two meetings to
discuss firing Comey the president was
instructed by aides that this is not
going to end the investigation it's only
going to make it worse the heat will be
turned up and Trump said I understand
that but I have no confidence in him so
I'm going to fire him that's a good fact
said the source first of all look anyone
imagine Donald Trump saying I have no
confidence in him anymore I'm going to
fire him of course not but also like
that we we know that's all
because Donald Trump told Lester Holt
why he fired Jim Comey and then which is
which is because of the Russia thing and
then the next day in the Oval Office
when they were the Russian
Foreign Minister in there Donald Trump
said them oh the pressures off me now
because I got rid of Comey and he was on
my ass about that Russia thing there are
no like well you know Donald Trump what
he cares about most of all is competence
and in the people who serve in his
administration loyalty disloyalty help
him hurt him what matters to him is the
faithful execution of our laws give me a
break also I was reminded that Trump
tried to get Don Magan to deny a New
York Times report that said Trump had
pressured him to fire Muller and McCain
had to remind him like hey boss you
actually did do that even though Trump
right and then Trump went old Rob Porter
another great guy working in this White
House to tell him again that if you
refuse to make a statement denying the
story that he be fired and began again
refused so like of course all the ways
you've so meta again ask call me for a
loyalty pledge ask Co me to let Flynn go
fires co me
tries to fire Muller well tries to get
sessions to fire Muller publicly
pressure sessions to fire today that he
can take over the investigation anytime
if he won the legal thing here is a
corrupt intent corrupt intent to
obstruct justice it's also like you can
step even further back from all of this
you know so much of so much of the
stories you guys talk about this on
Thursday that that so much is happening
in the open but as if but we're
constantly searching for that secret
that's gonna that's gonna make the new
difference it's gonna change everybody's
mind here again what we are seeing is
extraordinary reporting that the White
House Council has spent 30 hours again
