hey welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
I'm John Lovett I'm Tommy Vietor later
in the pod you'll hear an excerpt from
an interview that Tommy and I did with
John Kerry that will be featured in full
on pod save the world later this week
John Tommy you want to give our
listeners a little preview John I'm just
gonna ignore John would you say that he
was recording for duty leave all that
space in senator sorry secretary Kerry a
new book out called every day is extra
we talked to him about the book about
his career his time as Secretary of
State the 2004 campaign which you worked
on that's right
senator secretary Kerry expressed regret
dead one Jon Favreau refused to work for
him after the 2004 campaign it was a
poignant moment that I experienced
firsthand I loved John Kerry he's really
it was actually very fun it's cool he's
in studio playful punchy check it out it
was great
pod save the world it's a great show
there's a lot of you listening that
don't subscribe to pod save the world
fix that today and that was thirsty by
the end I know love it what it takes you
have a great show you had a fantastic
show at the El Rey with with with
senator Brian Schatz showed a senator as
opposed to shots I supposed to Brian
Charlie no connection to politics
Aaron Ryan was there Jenelle James
really funny comic was there we had a
really great show and check it out
best Twitter game in the Senate Brian
Schatz that's true we talked about that
as well uh the penultimate episode of
the wilderness is out today the most
ultimate episode that's right it's about
the it's about the struggle for women's
equality unexpectedly relevant this week
poignant as told by Kelly Dittmar
Rebecca traced er Symone Sanders and an
inspiring first-time candidate who let
us tag along with her campaign in
Florida Anna s Kimani so check it out
also guys we launched a ton of new
on vote save America calm
new new you can check your
registration right on the site now you
can get specific information about your
state like registration deadlines or
leave outing information competitive
races to watch you can type in your zip
code find an event volunteering your
community and soon soon soon as we will
have the long-awaited for voting guide
where you will be able to download your
ballots understand it in plain English
and even fill it out on your phone so
that you are ready ready to go when you
when you actually do the real thing
check out votes of America we only made
this thing because it doesn't exist
anywhere else and we want to help people
vote it's not hard but it can feel
intimidating this will make it easier
for all your friends that might not have
voted before that's right and Tanya and
Shaniqua and Nikki and a bunch of people
at Cricut has been working so hard on
this for weeks and months and it's
finally you know it's finally in the
world yeah so you're insulting them if
you don't visit absolutely use it share
it love it there you go
all right we've got some very big news
to talk about today uh dr. Christine
Blasi Ford a California professor who
grew up in the DC area has come forward
to say that when she was in high school
she was sexually assaulted by Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh Ford who
in July wrote to both members of
Congress and called The Washington Post
says that Cavanaugh and a friend once
forced her into a bedroom after they'd
been heavily drinking at a party the
Cavanaugh then pinned her to a bed
covered her mouth to stop her from
screaming and tried to take off her
clothes while his friend watch Ford told
the Post quote I thought he might
inadvertently kill me and says that she
first spoke about the incident in detail
in 2012 when she and her husband were in
couples therapy that therapist recorded
notes that were reviewed by the post
after they were shared by Ford they
don't mention Kavanagh by name but
described him and they largely tracked
the story that Ford has shared her
husband also recalls Ford using
Cavanaugh's name during those therapy
sessions on the advice of the attorney
she has hired Debra Katz
Ford has also taken a polygraph test
administered by a former FBI agent the
results concluded she was being
truthful both she and Brett Cavanaugh
said Monday they're willing to testify
about the matter before senators and
just before we started recording we have
learned that there will be a hearing on
Monday and that the vote that was
supposed to be held the committee vote
on Thursday and the Judiciary Committee
has been postponed so that on Monday at
the very least both for dr. Ford and
Brett Kavanaugh can go before the
Judiciary Committee and answer questions
Tommy let's start with the timeline of
these allegations because some
Republicans are calling this whole thing
an eleventh-hour
accusation orchestrated by Democrats how
can they even begin to say this with a
straight face I know I mean one thing to
know just if you've worked in government
I think you get a sense for how hard and
unlikely this to orchestrate a real
conspiracy like that's a that's what
they're alleging the Dianne Feinstein
received a letter from this place before
the the accuser in this instance and sat
on it through the confirmation hearings
for some reason to disclose it the
Sunday before the vote the vote itself
that is undercut by the number of data
points like the first being that this
woman reached out to the Washington Post
in early July she reached out to her
Congress woman's office and sent them
through them sent a letter to senator
Feinstein she didn't initially want to
go public because of exactly what we're
seeing happen now people attacking her
character her credibility accusing this
of being a partisan attack and so she
reluctantly decided to go forward what's
her name leaked out so all these
allegations are very easily undercut by
the facts that are already in the public
domain yeah love it it seems like the
timeline can be explained at least in
part nor a large part by dr. Ford's
reluctance to come forward which is
really understandable and very common
among victims of sexual assault
especially coming forward when the
alleged perpetrator is in the public
spotlight right now and you know all the
political bull back that comes with that
it isn't that why senator Feinstein and
congresswoman Eshoo didn't reveal the
allegations to the Judiciary Committee
earlier yeah that's what that's what it
looks like and I think there are some
people have been critical of Feinstein
there
about the way she handled inside of the
committee what is hard to argue with is
that the idea that we know this because
of Feinstein I think is just not true it
seems we actually know this despite what
Diane Feinstein did out of respect for
the request in the letter itself and
this is I think worth putting in the
context of what happens when a woman
makes a credible allegation a woman who
by all accounts is not a woman they have
trouble attacking the credibility of
without knowing more it is much easier
for them to say oh this is some kind of
a Feinstein Schumer plot because it's
easy to attack their political
adversaries it is much harder to attack
this woman and so they're saying oh this
is a an eleventh hour an eleventh hour
attack it's coordinated right before the
committee vote when the only reason we
know about this at all it's not because
of Dianne Feinstein er or or Ana su we
know about this because of reporting in
the Washington Post no and and we know
that these interviews took place in July
was a it was up to the woman it was up
to dr. Ford to decide when her name was
used and finally she allowed it after so
many details that already come out and
now that we have now that the post has
reviewed the therapists notes she
brought it up in two thousand and twelve
years before Brett Kavanaugh was
nominated to the Supreme Court so that's
you know that's quite a plot to hatch
and one other one other piece of this
too is the other person involved in this
is this guy mark judge mark judge was
asked about this allegation he is
clearly under an incredible amount of
pressure to say it didn't happen to join
Kavanaugh in denouncing it completely
but he has said twice now I have no
recollection which is not a denial
especially when we know that Mark judge
wrote a book about being blacked out and
drunk for much of his youth so the fact
that we now have these we have 2012
reports of this happening we have this
woman on the record making this
allegation we have the other person
potentially involved refusing to
outright deny it took place I mean that
is that is a lot you have credible
evidence I also I thought the most or
the most heartbreaking parts of the
Washington Post
worried about this read by late August
for to decided not to come forward
calculating the doing so would upend her
life and probably would not affect
Cavanaugh's confirmation and she said
quote why suffer through the
annihilation if it's not going to matter
so she she was ready in it by even as
late as August had decided I don't think
I'm gonna do this because I'm gonna get
all this blowback it's gonna be an
extremely painful experience and these
Republicans probably aren't going to do
anything about it which you can
completely understand her thinking you
can t understand I mean it's the
response has been so terrible
I mean Orrin Hatch right out of the gate
said I believe him he's a person of
immense integrity I've known him for a
long time and then he pivoted to be hard
for senators to not consider who he is
today because that is the issue right so
he's already not only saying he doesn't
believe her and believe her allegations
he's pivoting to but even if they're
true I care about who he is today so
they're dismissing these allegations out
of hand yeah I mean let's talk about
Bret Cavanaugh's response which has been
to categorically deny that the incident
ever took place saying quote this is a
completely false allegation I've never
done anything like what the accuser
describes to her or to anyone he also
reportedly told Orrin Hatch that he
denies being at the party in question
and that Ford might have mixed him up
with someone else and then his use I
love it you know Mike judge who was Marc
judge sorry who was the other person in
the room says he has no recollection how
credible is Brett Cavanaugh's denial
here Brett Kavanaugh has repeatedly lied
under oath about matters far less
serious than this he has dissembled
around nominations that he is hanging
his hat on the fact that he didn't
officially handle but did work on he
repeatedly lied under oath about his
involvement in the spying scandal
involving leaked documents from the
Senate Judiciary Committee I mean this
is somebody who again and again has
decided probably because he is a
partisan Republican operative that you
say whatever it takes to get through the
crisis of the
that's what he did when he's nominated
in 2004 that's what he did in 2006 that
is what he's doing right now first words
his first words as the Supreme Court
nominee no president has ever consulted
more widely or talked to more people
from more backgrounds to seek input for
Supreme Court nominations I realize this
is a silly little lie a ridiculous
exaggeration but it's easily provable
that Donald everyone knew that Donald
Trump selected Brett Kavanaugh off a
list that he was given from the
Federalist Society he did not consult a
lot of people so it's like and a bunch
of people said this at the time like why
would Brett Kavanaugh lie about
something so he's like so obviously
untrue he is a political operative you
know he came up as this overzealous ken
starr acolyte and now you know he will
say and do anything he takes to get
confirmed it's interesting it's
interesting that he is flat denying this
incident ever occurred because it seemed
very knowable if you were at a party
with a big group of people it seems
there was a this mark judge character
was apparently there that he's not
denying it completely says he doesn't
recall the incident so they should call
him forward and have him testify under
oath well that gets to your earlier
point on me which you know you have a
lot of Republicans and a lot of
Republican pundits out there saying oh
well you know this was something that
happened when he was a teenager years
ago and how can you be judged for that
it's like it's not as if this happened
and Brett Kavanaugh said you know I was
at a party I was pretty drunk I don't
remember exactly what happened and who
know you know I I don't remember it like
she did he's not even doing any of that
showed no remorse no contrition he's
saying absolutely not I didn't pray what
it didn't happen so basically that the
point is not you know whether or not he
should be forgiven for what he did years
ago which people can debate the point is
that he is either lucky it either
happened and if it happened he's lying
about it right and he's lying about it
over and over again all ari fleischer a
bunch of people on the right are out
there saying boy if we're all judged by
what we did in high school no one will
ever be confirmed to another job in
government again and like it just it's
so amazing that they're saying that
because they're assuming he did do it
and there then excusing him lying about
it under oath it's
like we're not talking about a legal
proceeding we're not talking about a
statute of limitations these are all
things that exist noticing you should be
judged forever by what you did at 17 but
what we're talking about is do you
deserve to be on the highest court in
the land the position that requires the
most integrity of any other job you
could imagine absolutely not
also by the way we're not talking about
roughhousing as some of them said we're
not talking about Aaron Rodgers you know
we're talking about attempted rape yeah
attempted rape and it's like there's few
things more serious than that and let's
also uh we have a Supreme Court with
many people on it okay this doesn't
happen every time a Supreme Court
justice is nominated this doesn't happen
didn't happen when Gorsuch well does
nominate how to win Elena Kagan right
was nominated a lot of comer Kratz are
just they do this every time they're
gonna have these allegations every time
no none of us wanted Gorsuch on the
court that was a stolen Supreme Court
seat that should have been Merrick
garland see there was no allegations
against Neil Gorsuch and also I just the
other thing about it is so galling the
again and again when Republicans when
people in power when when white people
are accused of things they are kids for
 ever that this is a youthful
indiscretion Don juniors just a kid even
there was a 40 year old man tweeting
like a but true but but
but when a black person has gunned down
when a black kid has gunned down
they're adults Donald Trump thinks 14 15
and six year old accused of rape now we
know are innocent he said that he
thought they should get the death
penalty so being the fact that certain
people in their eyes are adults from the
time their 13-year old
but people like Brett cab and all the
people that look like they're kids that
live in the enclaves that they're used
to traveling and these are kids that
make mistakes and deserve a second
chance and we see that and that's a big
deal because that inflow that affects a
lot of what we see that goes not that
has to do with more than just this
hearing that has to do what happens when
that guy Brock Turner is sends just a
few months when he committed an
incredibly disgusting crime at Stanford
so that's you know really gone and the
other thing too is it is amazing who
these guys choose to identify with this
idea of like oh nobody will make it
through Commission through committee or
bob Corker being like man may be
terrifying to have something like this
happen to me
it is incredible how often we see people
unable to identify with a victim much
more likely to identify it with someone
accused because they have they lack the
imagination and empathy to put them in
the she put themselves in the shoes of
someone making the accusation but they
find it much easier to understand what
it might feel like to be accused
themselves and also this Club enos in
Washington that is the same kind of club
enos that led to you know alt some
democratic lawyers and other people in
Washington establishment people saying
well I've known Brett Kavanaugh for a
long time and he's a nice guy and it's
like okay maybe there's plenty of people
you know who could be perfectly nice
people at the g8 meeting and the carpool
line yes you know and we wake up this
morning and this group the judicial
crisis network is announced that they're
running 1.5 million dollars worth of ads
to support the Cavanaugh nomination this
is an organization that just mops up
money from big donors that want to gut
regulations or whatever that is run by
guess who a former clerk for Clarence
Thomas piece of it it's cyclical
it is so gross and it's backed by like
big-money corporate interests as well
it's just a stir so let's talk about the
reaction to this news from the White
House and Senate Republicans who were
bit divided on how to handle this today
Trump unsurprisingly is standing behind
Cavanaugh though on Monday he was
surprisingly restrained when he told
reporters quote we want to go through a
full process here everybody out and if
it takes a little delay it takes a
little delay this came of course after
Republican senators Jeff Flake and barb
corker both said they'd be uncomfortable
voting YES on Cavanaugh's nomination
without hearing from Christine Ford and
investigating the allegations and now of
course there will be a hearing next week
even though McConnell John Cornyn Chuck
Grassley didn't want either Ford or
Cavanaugh to testify publicly they
wanted to do phone calls and they didn't
want to delay the committee vote
McConnell went so far as to blame
Democrats were pushing this allegation
and complained that Democrats aren't
quote following standard bipartisan
process and regular order could you hear
more American could you hear Merrick
garland screaming all the way from DC
when McConnell said that
you see that and it just it hurts your
chest because it's just you don't even
want to have to do the work of
explaining even to your own mind why it
makes you want to explode
because it is so hypocritical crazy well
this is but this is how this is how
Republicans have come to justify this -
so you know well the three of us and Dan
all at once all started tweeting about
Mitch McConnell when he said this and
how crazy it was right and I saw a
number of Republican pundits reply to
and they're like cocaine Mitch strikes
again like they're all like they think
they loved it they think it's something
like they have all internalized the fact
