with me on the pod is Natasha Bertrand
she's a staff writer at the Atlantic
covering national security and politics
and a contributor to NBC News and MSNBC
in a big time friend of the pod thank
you for doing it how you doing thanks
for having me Tommy I'm good um I feel
like been a while since we talked
there's been like 400 indictments a a
lot of churn a lot of turnover but you
know it's good to hear your voice again
so I wanted to start with my friend rod
Rosen Stein the Deputy Attorney General
has been a help a few days for him
because first he was reported that he
talked about invoking the 25th amendment
to remove President Trump from office
and even discuss wearing a wire to
record their conversation to build his
case which is really weird and then on
Monday according this on Tuesday there
were reports that he was gonna resign he
was sort of forced to run over to the
White House grovel and then I guess
there's a stay of execution until
Thursday so maybe we could start with
the first piece of this which is the New
York Times story about the 25th
amendment and the idea that he was
looking to record Trump's comments what
do you make of that report and maybe the
motives behind however it got out yeah I
think that you're asking a question that
not enough people have asked which is
what would have been Rosen Stein
reasoning for wanting to record the
president we've heard of course that he
was perhaps being sarcastic but I would
not be entirely surprised if he was
being serious because of course this was
a really sensitive moment a really
chaotic moment in the Trump
administration he had just fired Comey
he had just met with the Russians in the
Oval Office and disclosed classified
information that the Israelis had given
us so there was a whole lot of there
were a whole lot of things happening at
the time that made it seem like Trump
really was not fit to hold the office
and so you have to look at this
suggestion that Rosen Stein made through
that lens
he this wasn't just the aftermath of the
Comey firing this was also when Trump
was interviewing people to be the FBI
director and according to the report
that we saw Rosen Stein actually wanted
to wear this wire while he
and on Trump's interviews with a
prospective FBI director he wanted
people who were perhaps interviewing for
the job to wear these wires and that
suggests to me that Rosen Stein was
worried that perhaps Trump was going to
ask for some kind of loyalty oath from
from the FBI directors that he was
interviewing I really can't see any
other reason why he specifically would
want two people to be recording Trump
while he questioned the the person that
was possibly going to be leading the
investigation into his campaign team it
just seems to me like he had known that
Trump had made these requests to Comey
that he had fired him with corrupt
intent and now he wanted to prove to the
world perhaps whether or not these were
going to be recordings we're going to be
released publicly of course we'll never
know and nothing ever came of it but I
think that he wanted to prove and be
vindicated by the idea that no Trump did
not fire Comey because he was angry over
how he handled the Hillary Clinton email
debacle he was he fired Comey because of
the Russian investigation see this is
why I like talking to you because you
remind me of the substance and don't let
me jump to the politics of it first
because it was like you're right like
you should put your mind in his head and
think what why would you want to do this
I mean we know from Omarosa the DC is a
one-party consent town so you can record
someone and it's not illegal but if you
recorded let's say an FBI directors
conversation with the President and
you're at DOJ are there legal issues
there because there has to be you know
it's a really good question I I don't
know the answer to that I would say the
people that I've spoken to have said
that Rosen people who know Rosen Stein
have worked with him have said that he
would never actually do this then again
it was a really chaotic moment and it
was unprecedented and so you know there
was a feeling that anything could go at
that at that time but as far as whether
or not they would be ethical for him to
do this that is another question
entirely now he could perhaps argue that
he was saving the Republic and that
anything was warranted but legally I I
don't know whether that would be a gray
area yeah so you wrote a great piece
about what rod Roden Stein's departure
would mean for the Muller investigation
can you walk us through the int
locations of him resigning or Trump
firing Rosenstein yeah so as of right
now if if he does meet with Trump on
Thursday and Trump kind of rails on him
and ultimately decides that he's out
then no al Francisco the the current
number four at the Justice Department
that we currently have a number three is
the acting so it would kind of fall to
him he would take over the Russia
investigation and that is concerning to
some people because he has expressed
skepticism of special counsels in the
past he has a pretty expansive view on
executive privilege which could allow
Trump to shield certain evidence or
communications from prosecutors he has
remained relatively mouton you know
throughout the last year and a half on
the Moller investigation has said
virtually nothing about it so it's
really hard to tell whether his his
views that he's you know iterated in the
past would extend to his new new
position but that is that is definitely
a concern that I've heard among among
you know legal experts now the other
question though is whether or not he
would have a conflict of interest
because his firm Jones day was of course
lawyer for the Trump transition Trump
campaign so he would potentially have to
either get a waiver from the White House
to serve as the overseer of the Russian
investigation or he might just pass it
off as kind of a hot potato because he
doesn't necessarily want this job it's a
very stressful job but you're subjected
to attacks repeatedly by the president
so that is still up in the air but what
we know is that the White House and the
Justice Department have agreed that for
now as soon as Rosen sign has gone then
no al Francisco would immediately if not
forever take on that role but that does
not you know guarantee whether or not
Rosen Stein is replaced that does not
guarantee that the Moller investigation
is going to be shut down like I said
it's really hard to predict what
Francisco or any other replacements
actions would be with regard to the
Moller investigation and having someone
highly sympathetic perhaps to to trump
in that position is not is not a
guarantee so I think that when the
news broke that Rosen Stein was perhaps
leaving everyone needed to kind of take
a deep breath because it did not
necessarily mean the end of the Moller
investigation taking a more pessimistic
view I think you could say that you know
anyone who does replace Rosen Stein who
has been a very staunch defender of
Moeller and who has really taken on kind
of a hands-off approach to the entire
investigation and let Muller's do his
thing
anyone who replaces him could
potentially be a little more hands-on
and could try to stymie the
investigation in a way in subtle ways
that Rosen Stein maybe didn't so it's
really it's it's unclear at this moment
just stepping back a little bit I mean
we know of rod Rosen sign as the the
person overseeing the Moller
investigation who named the Special
Counsel but the Deputy Attorney General
is a is a big job you run the day-to-day
operations of the Department of Justice
um you get a sense of how disruptive his
firing would be to the work they're
doing to the department to law
enforcement the FISA efforts I guess the
FBI as well yeah it would be a major
upheaval and people at the Justice
Department are really they don't want
this they want him to stay in his job
he's a very steadying hand and of course
the White House would have to go through
the motions if Noel Francisco did not
accept this position they would have to
find a new person to oversee the Russian
investigation it's also not clear
whether they're going to divide up the
acting Attorney General they're gonna
make an attorney general versus a deputy
attorney general versus acting deputy
attorney general which would go to Jeff
Sessions chief of staff currently said
they would make it even more complicated
so it's it's it's very very strange and
we don't know what's gonna happen it's
unprecedented but there is definitely a
sense that no one in the Justice
Department wants this they drafted an
exit statement as we saw yesterday it
was reported that you know conveyed the
department's feelings about Rosen
sandwiches that he's you know he's very
respected he's a career official he'll
be missed etc but I think that even if
we see Rosen Stein leave Congress is
going to really tighten the noose on him
and on the Justice Department I think
mark Meadows already said that even if
Rosen
is out he still needs to testify before
Congress about the report that he wanted
to wire the president and you know
invoke the 25th amendment and of course
after the New York Times story broke we
already saw kind of Republicans leaping
on the idea of subpoenaing the the memos
that you know he allegedly disclosed all
of this all of these things that Rosen
Stein said during those meetings so so
Republicans I think are kind of
salivating either way I don't think it's
gonna affect them one way or the other
in terms of going after the Russia
investigation but as far as as far as
Rosen Stein leaving it's not something
that anyone is greatly eager for
speaking of memos on September 17th
President Trump
ordered law enforcement intelligence
officials to declassify documents
related to the Russia investigations
including text messages from some of the
officials some summaries of interviews
that were conducted and documents
related to the surveillance of Carter
page then a few days later Trump
reversed himself and said no we actually
won't declassify and release those
documents let's have a DOJ review them
instead do you understand what happened
in those intervening days that led to
that walk back no and that's a really
good question I think that what based on
my conversations with people involved in
this entire process what seems to have
happened is that Trump was told that
releasing all of this material would not
necessarily be good for him this is
obviously sensitive material related to
the Russia investigation and Republicans
have tried Republicans who are attacking
the Russian investigation have tried to
make it seem like all of these text
messages in the Carter page documents
etc are really really incriminating for
the Justice Department and for
prosecutors and for the FBI that's been
investigating all this since 2016 but
taking a closer look and again based on
my conversations with the people
involved in this process you don't the
Republicans don't want to die on the
Carter page he'll write I mean Carter
page there's a mountain of evidence to
suggest that Carter page has had ties to
Russian intelligence since at least 2013
well before any of this came out into
the open well before you know obviously
Trump was running for president so this
is the
releasing more information about the
surveillance activity on Carter page and
the justification that the FBI used when
applying for a warrant
to surveil him would reveal more
information about his ties to Russia and
raise more questions about why the
president chose him to be on his
campaign yeah we also know that Carter
page lied or or at least changed his
stories a number of times about trips to
Russia meetings with Russian officials
Amman I guess I'm I'm confused about why
people like Devon unions and other
allies of Trump on the hill I've been
pushing so hard for these documents are
they just desperate for anything they
can use to show allegations of bias are
true yeah so what I've been told is that
they think that the Carter page FISA
warned in particular is a way to prove
that the Steele dossier was used as kind
of was used in FBI investigative
materials and that in turn they say can
discredit the entire origin of the
Russia investigation so if they can
prove for example that the FBI used the
Steele dossier to justify aspects of its
surveillance on Carter page then perhaps
that will allow them to prove that the
FBI relied on the Steele dossier to
launch the entire investigation now of
course we know that that's not true the
investigation was launched because of
George papadopolis his big mouth at a
bar in London when he was told about
these stolen emails that the Russians
had but it's still kind of the Hail Mary
which is that they saw that snippets of
information from the dossier made its
way into the FISA warrant and it did
with the caveat of course that they
added that chrissteele is a reliable
source and has been for the FBI for a
number of years but you know all that
aside this is a way they feel that they
can discredit the entire investigation
from it's very beginning yeah let's talk
Russia um there have been two very
expansive pieces in the last week or two
about how Russia tried to subvert our
elections one was in the New York Times
they did you know it's 12 pages of rep
report on it there's another in The New
Yorker is there anything that you found
particularly interesting or notable
about what we're still learning about
the different ways of Russia is using
cyber tools to influence our
elections yeah so that piece and the New
Yorker was I think the piece that
everyone has been waiting for it it
proved how people saying that Russia did
not change votes in the election and
that Russia really had no influence on
anyone in the election you know some
people said well Russia didn't hold a
gun to my head when I was in the voting
booth is
he's completely nonsense Trump won the
electoral college by something like
eighty thousand votes across three
states and if only a small percentage of
the people that voted for him were
influenced in some way by Russian
propaganda on social media then that
made a dramatic impact on the outcome of
the election and so I think that diving
into the impact that Russia Russian
propaganda and influence operations on
Twitter and Facebook and YouTube and
Google and you know you tend you know
everything else Instagram I think is a
way to answer this question when you
know Republicans or Trump allies ask it
of well how do you know that Russia
influence the election there's no
there's no way to prove that Russia
influenced the election sure they
interfered but but how do you know they
the influence did well just look at the
small small number of votes the Trump
want but Trump won by and just take a
glance at the things that people in your
Facebook feed are sharing I mean the
these are articles and you know posts
that were shared hundreds of thousands
if not millions of times and the idea
that not one of them influenced a single
person is just completely preposterous
so that New York article is definitely
one that everyone should read yeah um
and it's still happening right I mean
there's a bunch of campaigns this year
that have already been targets of
hacking campaigns including a Democrat
who unsuccessfully ran for the
nomination to challenge Dana Rohrabacher
who's Russia's man in Washington the DNC
has pledged not to use any stolen or
hacked materials for campaigns but it
seems like Republicans are refusing to
match that commitment are you are there
any chance that the parties come
together and say hey let's not let
foreign propaganda be used against us
yeah so it's actually
something I've done a lot of reporting
on which is it's actually the d-triple-c
that has pledged not to use any hacked
material in their real in their election
campaigns and the NRCC which has not
right part of the part of the DNC
actually I've been trying to get a hold
of and they will not answer my emails so
it's my emails but you're that dancy at
the heart right at the heart of this at
the heart of this is really the
reluctance of the Republicans to say
that if a hack document is leaked to the
media
for example and the media already is
reporting on it and it's already out in
the public sphere will Republicans then
exploit that will they use that in ads
will they essentially use the hack
document without using the hack document
if you know what I mean so Democrats
have said that they won't do it that
even if something that has been hacked
has made its way into the public sphere
that they're still not going to use it
in ads they're not going to run on it
they're not going to invoke it in any
way Republicans don't want to make that
commitment they say that as long as it's
in the public sphere then it's fair game
as of right now they have not reached a
consensus on this issue part of the what
Republicans wanted to do is they wanted
to shift the onus on to the reporters
and the media and say and include kind
of a bullet point in this pledge that
they made that criticizes the media well
not themselves committing to not using
any of this hack material in any in any
kind of their campaign materials so they
kind of want to have it both ways in
that in that sense they'd be willing to
sign on to this pledge not to exploit
these hack documents as long as it
doesn't make them you know commit to not
using them as long as they're in the
public sphere and Democrats are kind of
moving along on their own the senatorial
counterparts of each of these committees
are still in question so stay tuned yeah
I mean I guess there's a giant loop here
loophole here for everyone which is
super PACs independent expenditure arms
like all the gross dark money that gets
cranked into elections late in the game
anyway definitely um when we talked at
the beginning of the year you had just
published a piece in the Atlantic that
included transcripts of messages but
Queen Roger stone and WikiLeaks from
October 2016 I guess he had apparently
exchanged DMS on Twitter with gusta for
2.0 to a a who was a front for the
Russians we now know can you talk us
through like what you had reported
earlier in the year and the questions
that reporting left you about how
WikiLeaks operates and asserts its
influence
definitely so prior to my reporting we
had not known that Roger stone was
communicating directly with WikiLeaks
Twitter account which is run by Julian
Assange during the 2016 election
obviously he had said many times during
the election teased many things about
big drops that were coming an October
Surprise he seemed to have previous
knowledge of things that WikiLeaks was
going to drop so that raised a lot of
questions but what I reported was that
he actually reached out to WikiLeaks in
October and he asked them to stop
railing on him essentially what was
