max thanks for doing the show man sure
thanks for the great endorsement yeah
well you know that I you make me smarter
so the reason I reached out to you to do
this interview it was because of a story
in The Washington Post that terrified
both of us they reported that Trump had
pulled back his nominee to be the US
ambassador to South Korea a guy named
Victor cha who is a well known policy
expert worked in the bush administration
widely respected apparently he was
pulled back though because Victor
opposed what's called a bloody nose
strike on North Korea that strategy
suggests that the US could conduct a
limited strike on North Korea as a
deterrent because as we all know the way
to avoid a war is to start one you
tweeted what I was thinking which is
that all along you know you'd assume
that this talk of a bloody nose strike
was a bluff because the risk was just
too high that post story makes us think
otherwise can you explain what a bloody
nose strike might look like in what you
think the consequences of such an action
could be right we're kind of telling Lee
I actually don't think that a bloody
nose strike is a real thing yeah I don't
I think that's just something that they
made up because it sounds kind of like
cool and tough because one of the
reasons that I think a lot of us thought
like okay this is some combination of
domestic political signaling or it's a
bluff in the hopes that like this will
be a low-cost way to deter the North
Koreans which like comes with some
really significant risks that you know
we should talk about but like it's a
reasonable strategy like you can kind of
make an argument for it but it really is
starting to seem like with this cha
thing it's becoming harder for me to
convince myself that it's all of us and
the reason for that is that like you
know bluffing is pretty low cost right
like you get people like you and me
riled up but they well you can't do that
and if you launch a strike then you know
won't accomplish anything and risk a
nuclear war but you know that doesn't
really my tweet storms are devastating
it's the program they say
single-handedly going to bring down
right yeah but like actually blocking
the nomination of an ambassador to a
post it
really need like the relations at the
South Koreans right now are really
strained and like whether you're
thinking about a war or not you want in
a like if your plan is to Bluff you need
an ambassador there so blocking the
nomination of a really well-respected
ambassador who is like ready to come in
and do the job it's a very high cost
step to take and it really suggests and
also like the fact that siya came out
basically within like half an hour like
the guy is real fast and wrote something
that said you know they were pushing for
a quote-unquote bloody nose strike I was
uncomfortable with it well you also
asked me what that is so I guess what
that is is just like lobbing some
missiles at North Korea as a way to say
like hey please give up your nuclear
weapons which it's not really clear how
the one gets to the other you know what
I mean and they're like the ambiguity
there is again that's a reason why
you're like okay this is probably a
bluff because they're just talking about
missiles not about you know where do we
strike what does it do while they were
saying we're gonna hit North Korean
nuclear missiles on the launch pad and
they don't have lunch pads mobile with
their insights and right they're mobile
so the fact that they even even bother
to say like oh we're gonna have mobile
launchers is kind of like okay this is
not a real thing but it's starting to
look like maybe it is yeah so to you
know I think you'd make an important
point that having an ambassador not
having an ambassador is actually a big
deal yes someone is in charge but for
example Barack Obama sent over a guy
named mark Lippert mark had been the NSC
chief of staff he had military
experience he had worked in the Pentagon
he's there's a lot of equities in the
region you have North Korea obviously
and you're a big part of that those
policy discussions but you had the US
ambassador to South Korea he's dealing
with one of the most important economic
relationships we have we have 28,000 500
troops serving in Korea so he's liaison
or she's liaising with US forces Korea
so there's a lot going on like that's a
very big job but I think many of us were
excited to see someone with the
experience of Victor cha even though I
might disagree with him on a lot of
policy matters put forward for this job
and then yeah like you said to see a
yanked back it is ominous to say the
least
well it's also
I mean there's been a lot of focus on
this disagreement over should we launch
an attack on North Korea as a way to
like punish its nuclear weapons program
convince them to give it up we rightly
that is a big question that we should be
talking about but the other really big
disagreement that I think in some ways
is even more striking and important to
pay attention to is that cha who was a
really serious political scientist on
his own merits has repeatedly argued
that the Kim regime that runs
North Korea is rational and the Trump
administration's position which is one
of the big data points suggesting that
you know maybe they do mean this is that
the regime is not rational and you know
be pretty much expert consensus is that
it is rational I mean you don't keep a
state that weak and isolated and poor
stable for as long as it has been stable
unless you're like pretty canny and
pretty thoughtful about keeping the
regime alive and all of their steps make
sense that are like they're brutal
they're you know morally deplorable but
they're rational to keep the regime
alive and this is something that Charlie
hit on his op-ed is that there's a
disagreement over with this regime is
rational or not and you know HR McMaster
is the National Security Advisor
when he has been making the case for
strikes
they have been premise on the idea that
Kim is not rational and can't be
deterred so therefore we can't tolerate
North Korea having a nuclear weapons
program and have to forcibly disarm them
now as chop pointed out it doesn't
really make sense if you're making the
argument on the one hand Kim as
irrational so can't be trusted to have a
nuclear weapons program without you know
wildly using them one day but in the
other hand we think he's rational enough
that he will correctly perceive the
signal of a limited American strike as a
punishment but not the start of a war
right yes I mean to be clear that's the
danger hanging all over all of this is
that a limited strike or even just talk
of one could create this you know
accident or misstep or slide into a
larger war yeah and again you know that
you Evan Osnos I've heard him talk about
this he's a great journalist writes to a
New Yorker about China and in Asia
generally and also about politics but
you know he and you very few people talk
about the actual stakes of what a war on
the Korean Peninsula clike I mean they
have chemical weapons biological weapons
and nuclear weapons
artillery blanketing Seoul that the
discussions are like hundreds of
thousands to millions of people dead in
the first couple weeks depending on how
long it goes right it's hard to we
actually talk about this a lot it's like
how do we write about the you know to be
here like low-level low probability risk
but that is so extremely dangerous I
mean when the numbers are that high and
when you're talking about potential
first nuclear use I mean even pretty
likely nuclear use in the case of a war
first since 1945 it's hard to know how
to accurately convey it without sounding
like you know it's like crazy doomsday
scenarios because that's what they are
I mean then North Korea's war plan is
very clear and that I mean the thing to
remember is that they are really weak
compared to United States and know it so
they are just in a knife edge and their
warplane is very clear that you know
first we shall Seoul as a way to kind of
suppress it and as a way to shock the
South Koreans into surrendering and then
they're very crystal clear about this
use conventional or probably nuclear
weapons on major South Korean ports and
it what's the big base that we have in
Okinawa target Okinawa target Guam and
the idea is just to disable all of our
assets for a region which is hundreds of
thousands of American lives not to
mention probably millions of South
Koreans significant number of Japanese
and then the next step is to hold a
major American city at risk with a
long-range nuclear weapon which one
thing that really puzzles me about
everything we Trump administration says
about North Korea as they keep talking
about and you mentioned this the C Union
we can't let North Korea yet
nuclear-armed missile capability to
reach United States they're there man
yeah it happened that speaks to another
sort of bit of illogic in this so you
alluded to that that Victor cha
immediately wrote an op-ed sort of
warning about the risks
a bloody nose strike shortly after that
I think today the Washington Post ran a
column by a reporter a journalist named
Josh Rogin that says the bloody nose
attack on North Korea is not happening
anytime soon
they quote officials saying there's no
change in policy yes they're reviewing
options from the Department of Defense
that include things like a limited
strike but that we all should just chill
out because it's not imminent but what I
don't get is the issue with North Korea
is the ongoing development of nuclear
and missile technology so waiting
doesn't help us there and time doesn't
turn a bad idea into a good idea what do
you make of that
competing narrative spinning out after
the chana's
I mean I kind of think that I know we're
going to talk about Afghanistan later
and like I think one parallel is just
this situation is humiliating yeah it's
just really you know they have achieved
effective nuclear deterrence against the
United States which is crazy I mean this
is one of the poorest countries in the
world it has you know I looked it up at
one point it's something like that GDP
of Birmingham Alabama it is a tiny
country and it's now one of three China
Russia and North Korea that has nuclear
deterred knew clearly deterred the
United States I meant that's very hard
for us to process and it's very hard for
us to accept so we end up kind of
whining and just like well you know the
sanctions are really going to buy or you
know we're going to threaten the strike
or we're going to launch a strike
something is going to happen and then
the Kim regime is going to decide to
voluntarily surrender the nuclear
weapons program that it believes not
without reason is the only thing between
it and its total destruction there's no
reason to think that they would give it
up and every reason to think that they
would accept everything up to including
a nuclear war in order to hold on to
them and then how do you admit that to
yourself yeah I don't know to be that if
a multi-decade multi administration
failure
a major one nonetheless um we talked
about this a little bit earlier but I
mean how important do you think that
broader brain drain is in the State
Department to you know you're never even
started answer a question over I'm
struck by the how we've we never hear
about new diplomatic initiatives on
almost any issue not on Syria not with
Isis not in not in Afghanistan not in
North Korea how much do you think that's
because of the general exodus of senior
state Department officials that we've
seen happening like just today we
learned that Tom Shannon who's the
highest ranking career official the
State Department is stepping down he was
known as the walking encyclopedia of
information at state like what what do
you think the net effect is on policy of
those people just kind of being taken
away from the decision-making table so
pretty shortly after Trump was elected I
thought a good thing to do with the
first year would be kind of travel
around all of the major treaty allies
and kind of check in with folks in the
government there and see you know how
does this work how are you running the
relationships how are you dealing with
this and the first place I went was
Germany and you know they kind of people
with officials on the record would say
what they had to say which is like we
believe in the transatlantic
relationship and everything is going to
be great and we're managing all of this
and I was interviewing one senior
official with the SPD which is the kind
of big center-left party in the
Reichstag and you know he was kind of
giving me it'll be fine we have our
disagreements we'll work it through and
then the interview was kind of wrapping
up and you know closing the notebooks
and he said by the way we can't get
anyone at the State Department to answer
our calls do you know who's working
Europe policy there no cool that's great
that has been like that's been the year
yeah any year of that and people have
kind of consigned themselves like okay
well I guess there's no one on the other
end of the phone line but that creates
drift to create some certainty it's
actually been amazing to me how the
degree to which allies are holding on to
the relationship despite you know
feeling personally slighted by the Trump
administration despite their publics
really not being happy with the Trump
administration
and the Alliance I mean it really speaks
to kind of the endurance of American
power you know and I met with South
Korean officials they said hey we think
that maybe your country is going to drag
our country into nuclear war and we're
really unhappy about it and people are
floating these scenarios of you know
maybe if you guys go to war our troops
are going to stand down and we're not
going to go with you which you know no
one will officially suggest but it's
kind of being discussed but then they'll
say you know we don't have any choice
we're with the Americans so we're going
to put on a happy face moon is going to
meet with Trump so I don't know it's
really interesting to see both how deep
the effect has been and how little it
has changed yeah they're riding the
mechanical bull at the bar and they
can't get off that drink the the ACOTA
to your Germany story is that Trump
dominated like the most acerbic hostile
Twitter troll out there to be his US
ambassador to Germany so careful what
you wish for German friends so I believe
he's actually blocked me on Twitter oh
good
lucky you so all of this talk about
threats of military action North Korea
dovetails nicely with an issue you've
written about a lot which is something
called the credibility trap the theory
if I can summarize it briefly goes that
the u.s. has to follow through on every
threat and confront every adversary to
maintain our quote credibility in the
world and if we don't our enemies will
rise up in our global standing will
plummet and the United States will no
longer be the leader in the world that
we once were did I describe that
correctly like why do you think that
logic is so dangerous it's dangerous
because countries are not like people we
so badly want to see them that way
because then the world would make more
sense and it would be more relatable and
we also really want to believe that
American power is this kind of like
self-fulfilling self-reinforcing
phenomenon and the more of it that there
is out there in the world kind of
regardless of how it's applied to the
better and the better that you know the
more the world will be aligned to our
interest and made it our image but it's
dangerous because it tells you that the
answer
to every problem is more application of
American force you know it says that if
I mean the classic example of this and
the thing that got me to write a lot
about it was when Bashar al-assad in
Syria used chemical weapons and I
actually thought that there were good
reasons to consider launching a strike
as a way to kind of enforce the global
norm against the use of chemical weapons
but that wasn't the argument primarily
out there they are you primarily out
there was that America is like a person
and America has a reputation and there
will be a stain on our reputation nobody
will take us seriously and you know
Russia will take over the world and that
was silly I mean even did Julie alfie
did a great story I think for the
Atlantic where she actually talked to a
lot of foreign policy people in Russia
and they said you know did you guys
invade Ukraine because we stained our
credibility in Syria which was the big
argument right just that look we we
failed to follow through on her threats
now people don't take us seriously and
Putin is walking all over Europe and
they literally did not even understand
the argument to keep explaining it
because it didn't it just like did not
logically follow even in their minds
much less being like a nefarious and
rightly so I mean I don't mean this is
not an effort to absolve the Obama
administration in any way for the
situation in Sierra but I do think it is
very instructive to see how deeply the
argument you're discussing this
credibility trap has infected this
debate because the the so-called redline
discussion from Obama was not a promise
to fully intervene in Syria and tippi
outcome from Assad to the rebels it was
a threat that said if you use chemical
weapons we will respond with military
force so I think that nuance gets lost
but yeah your you're referencing this
notoriously stupid Bush administration
official turned columnist who suggested
that the redline decision it was why
Putin invaded Ukraine and Julia Yaffe
asked Russian officials about the theory
they didn't even understand it and also
it conveniently omits the fact that
Putin invaded Georgia long after we
President Bush invaded Iraq
so like when when you got these glaring
logical fallacies within your own
argument within this decade how does
this become settled conventional wisdom
right become conventional wisdom I mean
that when we look at other countries
foreign policies Russia China we readily
accept the idea that they have kind of
ideologies and pathologies that guide
how they see the world how they interact
with it what they want from it in fact
that's central to how we understand
Vladimir Putin's Russia China even when
we talk about what the United Kingdom
and France do in the world you know we
kind of start with you know France is
trying to reclaim lost Empire you know
the United Kingdom has this kind of
World War 2 global leader thing going on
but when we look at ourselves we just we
cannot see our foreign policy as
anything but just the expression of pure
values and pure reason and that is
itself I think part of the pathology
you know after World War Two the Cold
War we kind of started drinking our own
kool-aid yeah and this idea that the
