once I'm with the student movement for
gun safety and let's start with some
brand new poll numbers from CNN back in
October after the mass shooting in Las
Vegas 52% of the American people said
they supported stricter gun laws that
number is now 70% it is the highest
level since December of 1993 after the
gun control legislation known as the
Brady Bill was signed into law by Bill
Clinton among people in gun owning
households I thought this is an
interesting number
57% want stricter gun laws amazing uh
63% support a ban on high-capacity ammo
magazines that's up from 54% in October
and 57% support a ban on the manufacture
sale and possession of semi-automatic
weapons such as the air 15 that is up
from 49% in October guys we did not see
these numbers move after Vegas we
haven't seen in this high in 25 years
what is going on here everyone wants to
say that this time is different because
you want it to be because you see these
high school kids on TV in agony begging
the adults do something but these
numbers bear out the fact that something
is different we have a chance here and
you know 6 and 10 Americans in the ABC
poll think Congress and the president
aren't doing enough to prevent mass
shootings 77 percent want more effective
mental health screenings so like there
is a lot of political support that could
get behind something smart that Congress
puts forward so we have to kid the
pressure on right now yeah I mean it's
important remember right the NRA talks
about their 5 million members or their 7
million members or whatever the number
is it's inflated but regardless that's
still a tiny subset of the whatever 17
18 million gun owning households in the
country and the vast majority of those
people who are not signed up for what
the NRA is or is becoming aren't on
board for the kind of extremist
maximalist position that the NRA has
taken so I think that's a reason for
hope I think the debate is changing I
don't I don't know why you know other
the only thing you can point to is the
kits because they've kept it in the news
they've kept it is that mean they kept
about poll numbers jump all over the
place don't you get like overly excited
about this but what it goes to
is the poll numbers haven't moved after
other mass shootings as much they moved
a little bit after Sandy Hook and then
faded away but they move poll numbers
move and public opinion moves when
people go out there and make the
argument and keep things in the news and
people and and people protest and people
go to the streets and people you know
boycott things like it sometimes and I
think this is a good lesson for
Democratic politicians too is because
sometimes when you believe that nothing
can happen legislatively or that the
politics are too tough you're just like
well I might as well not talk about this
because if I talk about it it's like
pushing a boulder up a hill anyway well
these kids don't give a about that
yeah they also has no good they also
have something that Democratic
politicians have not been able to wrest
the microphone away from Donald Trump
only that's right protests have right if
you look at what has been effective over
the past two years it's been the
protests after the the the women's
marches it has been protest at the
airport it has been these kits so one
lesson here is in a TV medium in a in a
presidency defined by television protest
is an effective way to make your point
over the long haul which is why I think
kids have been more effective at making
this argument that even people that are
committed to this issue like Chris
Murphy and other senators because they
don't have the ability to keep the
attention of the media they don't yes
and you know what the NRA knows that
they're losing and you know how you know
that because they're sending out Dana
Loesch and Wayne LaPierre to try to make
the argument about the media they're
saying the mainstream media loves mass
shootings they're doing what Trump does
which try to make it about elites and
fake news and liberalism it's a garbage
disgusting disgraceful thing to say
about the press but we shouldn't get
chased down that rabbit hole we should
keep talking about the need for
common-sense gun safety laws because the
data shows that if there are fewer guns
out there fewer people get shot it
sounds pretty simple but people dispute
this all the time yeah let's go to that
point the other you know enemy they have
now is Broward County Sheriff Scott
Israel blue lives matter John whose
Department had received multiple calls
about the shooter and his deputy Scott
Peterson resigned after the revelation
that he chose not to enter the school
while the shooter was inside Trump our
president this morning said he'd have
run in there even without a gun
seems like it would've been difficult
without once purrs but hey Kindergarten
Cop was a movie okay there was an actual
cop there with a gun who didn't do
anything because it's hard and scary and
terrifying the situation tell you that
we should armed teachers now as a
panacea so I can't believe were well
we're Republican yet they wanted both
sides of this thing and they want to say
Democrats are being so soft on this
sheriff now and both look you know there
should be a full investigation of what
the happened and that services and
anyone who was responsible who didn't do
their job what they were supposed to be
doing obviously should be punished and
they should be asking themselves instead
of just figuring out exactly who to
blame they should figure what the
do we need to do in the Broward County
Sheriff's Office so that next time you
get multiple calls about someone this
dead never happens again yeah of course
but that doesn't mean we shouldn't talk
about gun laws - yeah it huh the
kid had a knife we wouldn't have had
that many lives lost if the kid hadn't
maybe just a handgun we wouldnt have had
that many lives lost so like give me a
 break we're not gonna win some
issue we're now gonna have to make it
about you know all about the Broward
County Sheriff we should just be
Commodore position yeah it seems like
there were way too many red flags it
seems like they screwed up a bunch that
guy didn't go in it seems like the law
enforcement screwed up in in stopping
this at every single step of the way
yeah absolutely it seems pretty clear
that that happened what does that have
to do with having millions and millions
of ar-15s in in circulation in reach of
troubled kids that exist in 100% of
places in America every day armed
security guards there were in the
Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas and nothing
happened and they were all the
hypocrisy of every time there is an
unarmed African Americans shot we we
chant blue lives matter and in this
instance because this guy came out in
the chair came out opposed the NRA his
position they are now pounding him it is
notable yeah that said yes we should
figure out what the hell went wrong and
figured out but we should at a federal
level and even at a state level we
should focus on building the movement
infrastructure needed to pass gun
control it's also it's like the NRA can
make their point that that we need
better mental health screening even
though they've never supported the
background checks and what-have-you
they can make the point that this should
have been stopped by this Sheriff's
Department
okay how how high do we want those
stakes to be right it's right it's now
we've now said okay it is now on local
law enforcement to find these kids if
they don't they don't make it bomb
threat anymore they don't show up at
school with a knife
no no they can kill dozens of people
that is the stakes we were putting on
every single Police Department in the
country yeah
and it's and it's completely unnecessary
so it's not just poll numbers that are
moving more than a dozen companies most
of the rental car companies Delta United
have now cut ties with the NRA saying
they would end the partnership programs
where they offered certain discounts to
NRA members conservatives are very upset
about this guys probably it's a very
upset you know I said what if companies
started boycotting Planned Parenthood
what would you do and also you know some
analysts reporters have questioned this
I saw Andrew Kaczynski's an excellent
reporter on CNN say I don't know if this
will have the intended effect those on
the Left want the campaign is to make
the NRA toxic to corporations but it
will also probably harden the views of
millions of law-abiding gun owners who
see the NRA is their voice seemed pretty
hardened those views yeah right I mean
like it's a reflection of the fact in
2016 people care about corporate values
and I personally think that that's a
good thing
corporations as soulless money vacuums
hasn't necessarily worked out for us
over time I there may be instances where
there's a boycott that I don't love but
like this is a reflection of where
consumers are and it's also I think it's
useful to show the NRA isn't all
powerful and to be able to pick these
corporations off one by one and get them
to walk away from it and funny to watch
you know huffy conservatives who mocked
Democrats are being snowflakes get upset
that they have to switch from United the
Delta and give me a break so it's it's
about it's about what the NRA has turned
into - it is not a it's not a gun
fellowship group been awash called it on
Twitter they write it is look at their
 ads go to NRA TV they it they
are they are the most it's not even good
to call them partisan they are basically
they're inciting they're trying to
incite violence they are trying to make
one half of America hate the other half
of America and say to people because you
hate them so much because those people
are hate you so much and are coming
after you Hollywood liberals brocco bomb
all the rest of them you should probably
buy some guns because
by the way the bun gun manufacturers or
who we really work for and that's what
we want to do that's what they are let's
be honest it's also I would want to be
associated with that if your company
it's also about separating the facts and
substance of the debate over gun control
from gun control measures if if if a
debate is about the facts and substance
of gun ownership and gun control there's
quite reasonable compromises you can
reach that people can have arsenals in
their homes and continue to enjoy
hunting and shooting in all the ways in
which they enjoy using guns while
putting in some common-sense reforms
they that wouldn't be seen as a defeat
for them but they need to make every
single act of gun control a partisan
defeat that's something that is a that
attacks they are kind of token that's
why that's why they need to make sure a
ar-15s are kept in circulation because
now it's not just about sort of the
balance between freedom and
responsibility it's about this thing as
a symbol of freedom that's the first
thing the second thing is those even
those conservatives I think couldn't
really articulate why they were bothered
by the fact that the NRA was losing
these discounts right basically the
equivalent like triple-a discounts not
that big a deal matter they don't really
matter I also a lot of these guys these
conservatives these conservatives on
Twitter like just columnists in DC who
have the same capacity for for firing
guns is like I do for bobsledding right
they don't have any connection to this
but they need to they want to be mad
about it because it's basically saying
the NRA isn't a normal group anymore
that there's a certain point which I
don't mind if you know this is about you
know Planned Parenthood and has
partnerships with with with Airlines
some conservatives groups have
partnerships with with corporations I
don't have a problem with that what this
is saying is the NRA no longer deserves
to be treated like a respectable
respectable organization that can have
discounts and and and little little
little uh promotions with with
restaurants and what-have-you because
their behavior now crosses a line into
something that is completely
unacceptable to our society and that is
the part that they can't accept they go
out there they said the media loves mass
shootings they say you know the it's
it's absurd they're not a just
and not even a lobbying organization
anymore and their solution to the
problem of 17 kids getting shot is one
designed to have hundreds of thousands
of more guns
just two armed teachers it's the
maximalist cynical position and we
should just call for what is and also by
the way I know that was also one of
those dumb debates not had the people
railing about this had no idea that they
were NRA discount nobody knew they were
NRA discounts at Hertz rent-a-car and
then about a half the NRA members had no
idea they were Hertz there's a discount
Hertz rent-a-car and now these guys are
on Twitter being like well I guess I'll
have to go to enterprise now so I I will
never oh you know what I want to also
ask these conservatives about these
boycotts that they declared on Twitter
what do you keep a list
bull-fucking-shit two years from now
you're gonna remember that you tweeted
during this thing give me a break
nobody's remember any of this
nobody the number of people if people
were cutting to the extent they claim to
be boycotting on Twitter the economy
would grind to help we'd be trading in
oranges Sean Hannity throwing the keurig
out the window so where else can we
apply pressure you know people are
trying to pressure Amazon Apple TV and
other video streaming sources and
platforms to stop carrying and our a TV
great rate keep doing it again go watch
the has with Dana version some
of the other ones they're scary as hell
and and where else can we apply pressure
some people talked about banks Bank of
America has said that they're gonna look
at their relationships with some gun
manufacturers other they said it in the
most careful corporate PR way so who
knows what will happen there and gun Mac
you know Dan talk to this on Thursday
pods sorry Dan talked about this on
Thursday's plot gun manufacturers
themselves I mean the the big enemy here
is not because the NRA ultimately is not
representing gun owners they are
representing gun manufacturers they want
to try to sell more guns and it is gun
manufacturers that we should be putting
pressure on in this we should try to cut
off their sources of funding and all the
other stuff that's that's what we're
that's the big goal quick shout out to
Think Progress and sleeping giants who
have done incredible work calling out
these companies and starting movements
to get people to pressure them you keep
it up let's talk about legislation so in
Florida Rick Scott wants to pass a law
raising the minimum age to buy any
firearm from eighteen to twenty one
strengthen rules to keep weapons away
from people with mental health problems
domestic abusers and stalkers prospects
of this he is disagreeing with the
legislature in Florida over a few things
he Scott doesn't want a three day
waiting period well
hhor-- does Scott doesn't want armed
teachers broke from Trump on this the
legislature the legislature does so the
plan isn't enough but it breaks from the
NRA and Trump Trump in the Republican
Congress meanwhile are most likely to
consider the corn and Murphy bill that
we've talked about that gives States
incentives to submit criminal conviction
records to the federal background check
system ol will any of this get done guys
you know I don't think we know
I think the future isn't written I hope
so I think it is possible I just want
one point on these uh the arming
teachers thing I I don't think there's
been an issue like this in a very long
time where it's one of those things
where everybody stops in their tracks
and goes hey this is crazy yeah are you
talking about what do you mean armed
teachers because it's almost like one of
those things I think that can shake even
hardened partisans out of their out of
their kind of whatever their their
foxholes people just what do you what do
you mean my kids teachers gonna have a
gun in the classroom I think that I mean
that calling other people is a little
disconcerting I am done I am very
skeptical at this point we have to be so
skeptical about Policy Polling because I
really believe that the number of people
answering the phones are the kind of
people that are going to take their side
too so I I just does one thing the other
thing just is um one sign of hope is
Marco Rubio in that Town Hall changing
his mind on the fly because Marco Rubio
doesn't do anything unless Marco Rubio
believes it's in his political interest
so I think Marco Rubio is has his finger
in the wind and he hears high-capacity
magazines he thinks about raising the
age he thinks about background checks
and I think his shift represents where
Republicans are gonna be you know it's
interesting that Florida is is taking
some of these steps because there's an
amazing piece in The New Yorker this
week about the NRA a chief lobbyist in
Florida and this person is one of the
most powerful individuals in the entire
state of Florida literally writing
legislation for lawmakers pushing
massive contributions towards
independent expenditures and Florida's
become a petri dish where concealed
carry or stain your ground laws are
first passed and then they're moved to
different states on a state level which
is a lot easier than creating new
federal laws so if we can you know you
know show that the NRA is not invincible
in Florida of all places where there is
a crazy Republican legislature I think
that could benefit in ways and ripple
out over time in ways that aren't
totally apparent right now ya know I am
for all of these sort of like
half-measures incremental measures
passing we should push for them because
you know you build off small victories I
do think we should be like that the gun
safety move it should be clear on a few
of the big goals that we want you know
it's or Democrats running for office
right it's banned semi-automatic weapons
bring back the assault weapons ban yeah
universal background checks if not a gun
license some states have you have to get
a gun license which is an even more
extensive background check and it's more
stringent and then a ban on
high-capacity ammo three things assault
weapons ban high-capacity ammo gun
licenses and those are big significant
gun measures and maybe we don't get
those for ten years but maybe we start
in the states like you said maybe the
states become laboratories for if we win
back some of these governorships in 2018
and we went back some state legislatures
and we start passing them there so I
just I think we need to keep these like
with like a big three big couple policy
initiatives as a North Star here that we
keep pushing for also everywhere you
pass them they save lives right every
time and then you have that evidence
yeah every single time that's happened
in Connecticut after Sandy Hook we see
