so julissa now Latinos are often viewed
as newcomers to America
here's think we've talked about this
Latinos have always been here even
before the USA became a country so
educate us a little bit when and how did
Latinos come to the United States are
you ready for some knowledge you ready
for me to drop me all right so yeah like
it bothers me so much when people are
like when people even even progressives
talk about Latinos as newcomers like the
newcomers the new generation of
Americans and I'm like no we're not a
new generation of Americans we've we've
always been here before like you said
there was even a USA mm-hmm so Latinos
like including mestizos and indigenous
people and and Latinos that that our
descendants of African countries
explored North America almost a century
before British colonizers found it
Jamestown oh that's a long time before
people yeah a couple years no it's like
centuries before so the u.s. became a
country in 1776 as we know from our US
history Isleton and Hamilton so Spanish
conquistadors made landfall in st.
Augustine in 1565 so that was centuries
before the u.s. became a country yeah
and so therefore Spanish was the was the
first European language that was spoken
here now there's all sorts of things
that are wrong with even that because as
we know you know they were still
colonizers and they still came here and
and tried to kill all sorts of
indigenous people right but there were
languages before English that were
spoken here one of which was Spanish and
before that there were like tons of
indigenous languages that were spoken
here so it's not like it's not like when
the u.s. became a country this land just
like up here there are people who were
already living here was the worst
exactly and some of those people that
were living here already were Mexicans
right so like fast-forward to the
mexican-american war and Mexico lost in
that war and there's all sorts of
devices to why Mexico lost in that war
but we won't get it this is like you
know from my Mexican history books but
when when that
happen almost half of what is now the
United States in terms of land was
Mexican land and then it became part of
the United States because Mexico lost
the war and when that happened believe
it or not the Mexican territory that
became the United States came with
Mexicans in it what there were Mexicans
living here already Mexicans in Mexico
right and indigenous people yes in what
was Mexico amazing that this is a shock
to admit to Americans you know to modern
to modern Americans I think we just like
to forget like I think we just like to
start the history of the United States
in 1776 and forget about everything that
happened before then I'm queen right but
it's still not even clean because even
then you know when when Mexico became
part of of what is now the United States
there are Mexicans that were living
there that were given a choice to stay
in what would be now America North
America United States or to go to go to
Mexico what was then Mexico okay and a
lot of people chose to stay because
guess what people didn't want to move
moving sumbitch it is it you just move I
just moved I have Spock's is still
called so many boxes they keep
reproducing every day I come home and
I'm like why they're 40 more boxes I
didn't there's junk in it I don't need
it I should have thrown things away but
if I'm in an you know if I'm a human
being during this time I don't want to
leave why should I pick up and move
right because you've always been there
and people made you promises people made
promises to you that if you stayed
because that area in Texas California
New Mexico they were not very heavily
populated areas and so as the US was
trying to grow and expand they wanted
people to be there and so because those
places were not heavily populated they
said you know what there's people there
already let's keep those people and
we're gonna tell them that they can keep
their land but what happened is that
those Mexicans who stayed that who were
land owners all of a sudden there were
all these proclamations that were made
in English and they didn't speak English
because you don't just learn how to
speak English from one day to the next
there's no rosetta stone y'all right and
even if there was like it still takes
time you know and you're like wait
language like I everybody around me
speak Spanish because we're Mexican so
there's their languages were being held
were being used against them yes because
all this proclamations were made that
basically said in order for you to keep
your land that we promised you could
keep you have to not fill out all this
paperwork you have to go to court you
have to go through this whole process
that you have no idea because you don't
speak English so you can read you can
read that huh
so all of these Mexicans lost their land
they became homeless and they became
foreigners in their own land uh-huh and
that's why people think we're newcomers
but we're not our land was stolen from
us and before that it was stolen from
indigenous people boom that's that's a
history right there guys and it's
something we don't talk often enough
about it's actually pretty succinct when
you think about it I mean you just sum
that up very quickly and I think it's
it's it's just kind of it's deeply
deeply emotional to think about the fact
that our culture's are in many ways
being erased and being condemned I mean
something you know I think I think we
see on a daily basis as Latin Americans
and I think you know I think it's also
are like we also have to take it upon
ourselves to learn some of that history
absolutely because this this history
isn't being taught in schools you know
and so and so people don't know and if
you don't know where you came from then
it becomes difficult to have a vision
for where we're going all right right
and I mean like there's a few other
things that I learned as I was doing as
I've just became I've just become
fascinated with with the deep rich
history of Latinos Latin X communities
in America but you know they're like I
think even even with like Puerto Ricans
for example people don't realize that
Puerto Ricans are US citizens and it's
not like it happened yesterday
Puerto Ricans gained citizenship back in
1917 and you wouldn't know because of
how we've treated Puerto Ricans with you
know with Maria with Hurricane Maria and
the the devastation that happened there
and like your president Truong didn't
give a about them and this even
saying there was an unsung success like
I mean because 3,000 people didn't die
cuz that's just a democratic lie thank
you so much for that
right and Bob Menendez was like you know
what President Trump you're right
the hurricane didn't kill killed three
thousand people your botched response
killed three thousand people boom Bob
fire I love that you know even though we
have like very little representation in
Congress like I think we also have to
look back and and and and realize that
yes we're not where we should be but we
also do have a history of being in
Congress at first senator the first
Latino senator to serve in Congress
served in Congress in 1928 in New Mexico
in New Mexico interesting so let's learn
our history yeah and like there's just
there's precedent for the kinds of
positions of power that we often
disassociate with Hispanic identity and
the positions that we view now is like
icons for us that are that are yet to be
achieved we're here we are out here but
we're just not out here and the numbers
that I think are reflective of our of
our population seventy eight percent of
us our citizens and can vote and we
should vote and I don't know why you
people don't vote so get out to vote
well that's one of our big goals here
with this with this show because we want
to make sure that we're mobilizing all
of you Latinos out there all of you
younger people all of you allies out
there who are listening to this as well
this is the most pivotal time to
register and to get out and vote because
if we harness the power of the Latino
vote we can impact these elections in
ways that are rather unexpected at this
point but the way you talk about Julie
so the idea that we have been here for a
long time I hope will instill in our
Latino audience members out there a
sense of pride and a sense of belonging
and a reminder that you do matter and
that you are eligible to vote if you're
a citizen here and that you should
exercise that right because a lot of us
stay at home a whole lot of a stay at
home we should actually find the
statistic on what that is but if more of
us actually got out to the voting booths
we would make a huge difference you know
when we were going through this through
this like all of this like historical
facts like I know I just recently
learned about all these things like
within the last two years yet I really
start to think about what what are
what's the history of my people in the
country yeah
I'm wondering do you I mean we've talked
about how you know for many of us Latino
it's like we want to be a
and Latino yeah and in some of us even
will hide like our Latino identity do
you think that that's in part because we
don't know our history in this country
so we so we feel like if people know
we're let you know they're gonna see us
as newcomers completely I have a couple
thoughts on that so first of all I
believe that it's not just about a lack
of education of the background of
Latinos in the United States but it's
also the influence of media and pop
culture on us that teaches us somehow
implicitly that Latinos are less than
that Latinos are the other and that if
you are going to be a Latino in media or
in politics from business you have to be
attractive as a woman and you'll
probably be a cartel member as a guy
there's certain stereotypes that seem to
be perpetually I mean I'm I'm pretty fit
that definition of a latina that's very
true
that's very true hyper sexualized
julissa over here and by the way one
thing about our identity that I want to
get into is our personal relationships
with being mexican-american because
Julius and I you and I actually very
different points of entry to the United
States and I think of different
relationships with that with that term
mexican-american I mean I can say for me
I I was born in Pampa Texas I was raised
in Houston Texas
I consider myself mexican-american but
for a long time I denied that I was
Hispanic and tried to pass essentially
is like Italian and for for a long time
I mean like for the first maybe seven
years of my life and this was something
that I didn't do because my parents had
any lack of pride and being and being
Hispanic or being Latino but because I
looked at the media and I looked at the
people that I went to school with and
nobody was Hispanic and Mexicans were
often referred to with derogatory terms
it didn't seem cool and because you know
one thing we'll get into is is colorism
and passing for white and what what
having different skin tones can do for a
Latina person but because I look kind of
ethnically ambiguous I sort of leaned
into that and it took me a long time and
it took a wave of pop culture embracing
Latins in entertainment and in politics
for me to come to terms with and accept
and learn to love my
background it's been a journey for me as
I think it's probably been a journey for
a lot of our listeners out there for a
lot of Latinos out there and that's
something we want to you know discuss so
so that's kind of my relationship with
my understanding of being
mexican-american Julisa tell us a little
bit about yeah I mean I have the note by
on my forehead you know as I say like I
mean you look at me and you're like yeah
she's Mexican I mean I think some people
will sometimes be like are you Filipino
and that's because you know the
Philippines was also calling us by Spain
and therefore they have spanish names
and and so we can look somewhat similar
but yeah but for the most part I mean I
have been chin up I like you can tell
him I mean I'm Mexican right and you
write that I did have a very different
experience because I grew up in Mexico
and I grew up being very proud of being
Mexican and so when I came to the US
when I was 11 and I was in school and
all of a sudden kids were trying to
bully me because I was Mexican I was
kind of like what do you mean like I'm
like you know warrior Astec princess
yeah you're making fun of my long hair
and like my hair is beautiful
I get extensions to get your hair
looking fly like my like no so I I've
always been very proud of being Mexican
however when you're in middle school and
you know I'm gonna when you're in middle
school people are mean and you want to
have friends and so therefore everything
about my identity I want it to be
American and in my mind what it meant to
be American was to be like an
all-american cheerleader blonde girl
like that was the image I had of what an
all-american girl looks like and part of
the reason I wrote this someone like me
book is because I won kids that age six
seven eighth grade to read books and
feel like their stories are so
important that there's books written
above that no but but yeah so like I did
have a different experience because I
love to be in Mexican and then when I
got here I felt like I had to I had to
like oppress all of those parts of me to
be to be included in America
and then of course for me there was this
extra layer of like I was undocumented
so I really really wanted to pass for
American like I had to learn how to hide
and I had to learn how to hide behind my
good English and my academic
accomplishments and my pom-poms right
because because I didn't want anybody to
suspect that I was undocumented right so
there is like a whole lot of to
unpack there is and there's a lot of
range of what it means to be a Latino in
the u.s. too and that's part of my
Julius and I are so excited to do this
this the show and explore this over the
next four episodes because we know that
Latinos out there who were listening to
this everybody's got a unique journey to
how they came about how they become
became Latin American and the United
States and Julia and I represent just
two of those stories but what's
important is that we not try to you know
falsely identify one way or another I
think I would be like for example
Spanish is is in our relationship with
Spanish too is another way that we kind
of identify it's a point of entry for
our ethnicity I for example grew up
speaking both languages in my house but
I'm definitely I would say I'm fluent in
Spanish and not fully bilingual by any
means having like an entire conversation
an entire interview in Spanish would be
more of a challenge trying to be funny
in Spanish by the way so much like
there's never been a moment that I feel
happier and more excited than when I
tell a joke in Spanish which I think has
happened twice once was that a 99-cent
store seven years ago and I still
remember the woman's face I don't even
know what the joke was but I was like I
just told a joke in Spanish and I felt
so excited you know and and and we also
have the the influence of our parents as
well and so like I will say - my parents
came to the States
well their relationships with being
mexican-american are very intriguing as
well I'm sure we'll unpack some of that
but my parents and my three older
brothers came to the States in the 70s
and their relationship to the US was one
of trying to assimilate as quickly as
possible as well so any any cultural
touchstone that they could attach
themselves to they did I know my brother
Rene is a big fan of oh you football for
instance because when they lived in
Oklahoma the way the Sooners the Sooners
you really hook em horns oh boy okay
that's yeah I know I actually I saw the
Sooners play at the Rose Bowl this past
year it was a lot of fun did they lose
yes
that's what happens when your sooner fan
I know you know who won the 2005
national championship at the Rose Bowl
tell me do the Texas Longhorns greatest
football game ever this is this is just
gonna be like a stand for the Longhorns
yeah his whole podcast is gonna be an
ode to it and and my brothers like
relationship with the Sooners is so
interesting cuz there's a kid the only
language that he spoke that was similar
to the kids that he went to school with
was football so for him like the part of
what was really cool to go to the Rose
Bowl last year what made a very cool was
that he was he is now in his in his 40s
he's older than I am he went with a
group of friends that like all white
friends that he's been friends with
since he was a kid and it's really
interesting seeing that relationship
evolve but anyway I bring up sports
because I think it's another point of
entry for identified I mean if the cover
of my other cover of my book is me doing
the splits and it's really now I really
because I really thought that if I could
be a cheerleader and if I could
understand sports that that would that
has always been my entry to America by
the way like when I was in high school
living in San Antonio being a Spurs fan
I couldn't talk about any pop culture
references because I wasn't allowed to
watch MTV because my parents thought
that I would get pregnant you watch the
real world basically so I was not
allowed to watch MTV I didn't grow up
watching you know my husband all the
time
anytime he makes a reference to like a
movie he watched when he was a kid and
I'm like I've never seen that movie he
you never had a childhood but so I
couldn't talk about those things but I
could talk about Avery Johnson and the
Admiral and Tim Duncan and I could talk
about the statistics of the game and and
fast forward to my time at Goldman Sachs
there was abundance people about golf I
couldn't talk to people about going to
ski and or house in the Hamptons
for the summer eventually I did because
eventually I did all those things yeah
you did
what I could talk to people about was
about football right and the fact that I
could speak football it gave me a way
into
America and culture you know for a lot
of people being Latino or Latin X or
Hispanic I was trying to like the the
term Hispanic less and less like every
time I say it yeah weenus I'm saying it
right now we're gonna unpack the
differences between those words too by
the way because there are big
differences yeah yeah but for a lot of
people do they think that all of these
terms are also interchangeably with
Mexican Oh totally and even with them
Latino community people get really mad
when they get calls Mexican really I'm
not a Mexican I am Colombian or Honduran
and like I too get offended when people
say that because I'm like being Mexican
is not a bad thing but I understand that
when you're not Mexican and you get
called to Mexican and Mexican stories
and narrative tends to take over the
whole Latino conversation like I can
