we're doing this do do that unless you
so now we're live we're live here at pod
save America I'm John Favreau
they know I am and we have with us Paul
Ryan's daughter yes his real daughter
Erin Ryan uh commenting on her dad's
sudden retirement from Congress Paul
Ryan will not be seeking re-election in
2018 he will step down from as Speaker
of the House after the election also
probably because they will lose yeah he
he didn't want to be a weekend dad when
he was in the minority he wanted to be
he wanted to be a Taco Tuesdays he said
that only when you're Speaker it's no
biggie I've been playing this all
morning for that we have a statement
from noted Ryan hater Dan Pfeiffer Dan
sent in the statement he couldn't be
here today Paul Ryan may leave Congress
but the stain of his cowardice and
complicity will remain also congrats to
Brendan buck on his new role as a
crooked media contributor subtle
statement from Dan waters warm Brendan
do we have initial thoughts on this a
Paul Ryan family member let's talk he's
literally my father as we've as we've
been over before one thing you know and
I was kind of doing some research before
this cuz I I was feeling very gloaty
like almost overcome with the desire to
just be like yeah I learned in
researching for this that Paul Ryan used
to be a salesman for Oscar Mayer and
once got to drive the Wienermobile which
is my very favorite Paul Ryan fact
besides the fact that he is taking time
off from screwing everybody else's
family to spend time with his own family
surprising fact I don't even know I
think every target fits yeah I think
every car Paul Ryan is in is a
Wienermobile it just it reinforced
everything about Paul Ryan that I hate
like the guy all along you you look at
him in his eyes and you see how pained
he is about Donald Trump defending
racism in charlottesville and being a
big
anti Muslim president and during the
campaign Paul Ryan would say things like
when Donald Trump describes a judge as
being incapable of ruling on him fairly
because he's a Mexican that's a quote
Paul Ryan said that's a textbook example
of racism but when when Donald Trump got
power Paul Ryan lost the ability to
point out obvious facts now we know that
all along he's been a massive coward in
the face of this like rising fascist
president we have with no stakes he knew
he was gonna retire it didn't matter if
he remained a speaker it didn't matter
if he was re-elected he could have stood
up and had some guts and done these
things all along but he just didn't want
to he won his tax cut I'm like
that's all we that's what we know about
his character it's it's made me think
that maybe we were wrong all this time
and that Paul Ryan is not a coward and
that Paul Ryan is Marco Rubio would say
knew exactly what he was doing all along
that what was really important to him
was passing a tax cut for rich people
and that was way more important to him
than standing up to racism when Donald
Trump was racist than helping the
dreamers like he said he wanted to do in
his heart all these things he could have
done knowing that he probably was going
to retire and that it didn't matter if
he had to keep his job yeah I put the
DREAM Act on the floor it would have
passed with the majority could have
protected Bob Muller from firing didn't
do that could have not let Devin unas
run a counter investigation against the
FBI and the Department of Justice but he
let that happen and oh for a while
you're like well maybe he let that
happen because he was afraid because he
wanted to keep the House Majority
because he wanted to keep his job but
really he's just kind of shitty guy
mm-hmm and he also he also could have
allowed bills that would have forced
Donald Trump to release his tax returns
could have bailed out and they didn't
because of him
he he is like the worst kind of shitty
guy because he was shitty but he was
also a little inept because he didn't
get all the things done that he wanted
to get done like if he were actually
better at evil he would have gotten in
addition to getting his like precious
tax cuts he would have been able to
dismantle Medicaid dismantle Medicare
but he didn't do those things because
he's not good enough at being the sort
of piece of that he wishes he was
and and that to me gives me a little bit
of comfort but at the same time makes me
angry like he's
so he's such a benign like good speech
giver that at first you're like why am i
why am i angry at this man but then the
more you think about it the more it's
like oh my god here's another thing that
I was thinking about today he I think
it's honorable for somebody to want to
spend more time with their family of
course good for him but he is also
somebody who's advocated for cutting
programs that help other people who need
help raising their families so like poor
kids are supposed to somehow raise
themselves but his kids need a mom and a
dad around to give them the time that
they need Paul Rep Paul Ryan gets to
retire at 48 years old and everyone else
has to retire way past 65 yeah because
he wants to dismantle Social Security
and Medicare and make them work longer
he sucks
he's convinced the entire DC pundit and
like press infrastructure that he is a
wonk that he's someone key thoughtful
guy he's never actually shown an
original thought that wasn't slashing
taxes and slashing services for
individuals and like that's not an
honorable thing that's not a wonky thing
it's not a thoughtful or new or
especially exciting policy prescription
that's what big interests have wanted
all along and like I don't understand
why we treat this guy like he's sort of
above the rest I guess is because you
know the bar is set by like Blake
Farenthold like running around in his
pajamas sexually harassing literally
everyone he comes encounter with so I
get yes Paul Ryan is better than that
piece of garbage but enough of this
guy's go away there's a great point like
emptying the United States Treasury
giving it all to rich people in
corporations so that you can cut all the
other programs that are helping people
it's not super wonky that's a pretty
easy thing to figure out I don't know if
you need like a policy degree to push
that agenda pretty simple to figure out
pretty simple to understand just wants
to cut government give it to rich people
yeah have you ever been in a
conversation with somebody where you're
like oh nobody's ever told you that
you're an idiot I feel like he's he's
been able to live
[Laughter]
through his whole career being touted as
this walk and I think he's as much a
wonk as he as a person who's finished a
marathon in under three hours which is
to say that he hasn't finished a
marathon in under three hours and he
isn't along he's not that smart of a guy
it is interesting though to talk about
why he was seen as a wonk you know in
the Obama presidency when everyone in DC
was very upset that Barack Obama did not
balance the budget did not have fiscal
responsibility you know did not reach
out to Republicans to do bipartisan
they needed some hero on the other side
of the aisle and they couldn't have the
people who are yelling you lie or being
outwardly racist towards President Obama
right they needed someone young and
good-looking and like I'm all I'm Paul
Ryan I'm just here to I got my numbers
and my calculator and I'm just trying to
fix the budget and I'm a real hero and
I'm amazed he's good with the Washington
press corps his staff had great
relationships with the Washington press
corps and so because of that they've
made him this hero but maybe
he's not like the other Republicans
maybe he's maybe he's thoughtful you
know and it just shows how easily the DC
press occurs often fooled yeah and I
think it's also the DC press corps and
I'm from New York so I guess I'm part of
the problem but I think that people
really love to construct narratives
where they don't necessarily exist one
person will have an idea and someone
else would be like well that feels
narratively comfortable instead of it
being factually true and then they'll
just run that all the way to the end
zone
all of a sudden you get there and you're
like wait a second this never was the
case this is just a narrative that
everybody agreed was true and it never
never was so Elijah yelling and barking
at us to get to some questions get to
some questions knocking yeah you can
hear him
Carmen Yeager asks in the larger scheme
what does this mean I rhymed who would
take over his role as Majority /
hopefully Minority Leader is that person
going to be even worse than Paul Ryan
yeah probably yeah probably my Kevin
Kevin McCarthy or congressman Scalise
who's very extreme in a whole lot of
ways mm-hmm yeah or it could just be
like a Breitbart social media editor
that they just find yelling it at ethnic
people somewhere perhaps just a Russian
maaaa 29 with 20 followers yeah and with
like 15 letters at the end well funny
you should say that because the the
frontrunner to replace him in his
district Karen McKinnon raises this guy
named Paul nailin who was so extreme he
used to be one of Breitbart Slyke
right-wing darlings but the dude is like
a literal Nazi post memes all the time
showing like Jews in the Oval Office
announced by Breitbart Wisconsin Nazi
which dude what's that wrong side you
were on the wrong side of the
mason-dixon slept like what are you what
are you Confederate Nazi stuff that's
come on Dave no well there was like I'm
from the north part of the state so not
not Ryan's district I'm from the
district that is represented by Sean
Duffy who used of real-world overt and
lumberjack of real world fame who is
like Paul Ryan but stupider somehow but
one thing that I that I can assure
listeners viewers whatever they're not a
ton of Nazis in Wisconsin that's not a
very good common thing so he's like it
not only is a Breitbart pariah
self-funding wealthy Nazis which he
apparently is one too yes like raising
his own but he's like a Bond villain TV
aged scary even Paul Ryan's political
operation put out a statement attacking
him today they don't want him to win
that seat but so the filing deadline in
Wisconsin and the Wisconsin first
District where Paul Ryan which Paul Ryan
represents is June so probably a couple
other Republicans there will jump in
this race they weren't gonna jump in
before because rights from that district
I feel like Reince Priebus is oh my god
I don't know that would be please run
right from this but they did get in the
arena the cook Political Report you know
Chris Paul although all the political
rankings out there moved the seat now
from safe Republican or likely
Republican to toss-up or lean
Republicans so very good news for iron
stache Randy Bryce he's also got an
opponent as well in the primary Cathy
Meyers so there it's much more likely
the Democrats win this seat back to the
leadership question though yeah so it's
McCarthy versus Scalise probably
McCarthy probably has the lead there
McCarthy of course if you want a real
Trump apologist this is a guy who picks
out Trump's favorite starbursts what was
the color Kevin McCarthy was also too
stupid to be able to hide the fact that
the Benghazi investigations were about
hurting Hillary in the election he went
out and said look look what we did to
her with you know with all these
investigations I mean he was so him
handed and stupid politically that he
actually maybe could help us so I think
that's fine Katie to us how do you think
this change is taking back the house I
don't think it changes taking back the
house really I think it's just it's
another retirement which is which is
great and so now we could possibly get
Paul Ryan's seat back I think it does
though it takes a big time fundraiser
off the field and I do think it this is
sending a message in the signal to all
these corporate donors who like sprinkle
some to the winners but give a little to
the people they think will be the losers
just like stay in the game that they
need to hedge their bets big time away
from Republicans I also think that he
that Paul Ryan for some people in the
party who were maybe starting to be
pushed toward the edge by Trump were
reassured by his presence as the like
I'm an adult in the room which was just
kind of cosplay of being the adult he's
like sorta you know if you kind of turn
the TV way down and you only almost hear
what words he's saying he looks like he
might have some confidence and might be
a normal person and I'd imagined that
suburban voters like suburban white
women for instance who usually vote
Republican might not be as a shirt
reassured by a party that doesn't have
somebody like Paul Ryan that's one less
reassuring guy that is that is that
something comfortable to them yeah you
got to imagine to that other members of
the Republican House caucus that were
weighing retirement now that they see
Paul Ryan heading for the exits it might
make their decision there's a finite
number of lobbying jobs on K Street so
you got to get in line I just want to
flag that Travis how wig from our team
says yellows oranges
are the best so who Travis Peka Peka
pretty nice knowing you pal
John Kanaan's asked do you think he I
seen that to Paul Ryan not Travis wants
to run for president in 2020 or beyond
yeah I think once you're on the ticket
he was the vice presidential nominee
once you get the taste I want to get the
tastes yeah it's like um anyway you know
what I was going for once you get the
taste he probably wants to run again
best of luck
great there was not any there was zero
constituency for Paul Ryan in the
leadership role in the house because the
parties moved so crazy to the right
imagine him running in Iowa do you think
he will join a cannabis organization a
cannabis company like our the last
Speaker of the House John Boehner did
today in other speaker news that story
that is a great story John Boehner is
good now John Boehner is Don John
banners daughter is actually married to
a man who was born in Jamaica and had a
minor pot charge on his record they I
think they married in like 2013 or
something which I think is like totally
cool yeah no judgment whatsoever but I
just think it's funny that he's sort of
changing like as soon as Dick Cheney had
a member of his family that that was not
a straight person he came around on LGBT
issues now Boehner has sort of become
like oh yeah real human beings are
affected by marijuana laws what that's
crazy so let's I'm I would love to
brainstorm like how like how could Paul
Ryan be affect maybe he'll get to know
someone or someone his family will marry
someone who's on Medicare or Social
Security yeah that'd be good yeah maybe
one of his children will graduate from
high school and want to be in a job that
doesn't necessarily have insurance it
comes with it maybe they want to be an
actor creative a writer or something
like that
maybe he'll knows he'll run into someone
who makes minimum wage yeah maybe maybe
he'll it might run into a person in
Wisconsin who makes minimum wage
we're all very wealthy do you think he
john bainer accidentally ate the wrong
gummy bear over Christmas when urine was
like whoa well that would make me want
to make this a resolution like would
make me be like no nobody's yeah I read
a bit I've read that as well oh yeah
someone said let's talk about Syria
please I don't know who it is but I
think that's that's for you Tommy
Robin finished ed says there he goes
I don't know what is there to say I
think Trump's deliberating right now
with the steady hand of John Bolton at
the tiller I mean like we just step back
we'll make this a broad conversation I
mean the fact that they brought they
brought the pool into I think the
Cabinet Room to get a video of his
deliberation with his national security
team about what to do after a horrific
chemical weapons attack and his response
was just to pop off about Muller so that
I think speaks to how distracted he is
he also canceled his trip to a major
summit in Latin America that is it like
you just take yourself off the
battlefield there you're missing out on
enormous security conversations that are
important Barack Obama when we started
the Libya operation launched strikes
from Brazil we were there literally
launching missiles from Brazil I mean
that's not like to say the whole thing
went perfectly but you need to be able
to walk and chew gum at the same time
let's be honest he didn't he cancelled
the summit not because of Syria
at home and tweet and watch boxing go
golfing been like make sure he could see
the news on the right time zone yeah I
mean like I just hope the press corps
this time doesn't get so you know this
is the moment you have debated by a few
missile strikes on an abandoned runway
what I noticed there's news say that
that Russian military is moving into the
town where there was the purported
chemical weapons attack why do you think
that's happening to mop up keep people
out of there do whatever they can to
cover dogs are complicit but you also
have Trump tweeting like completely
crazy things at Putin about how the very
smart bombs and missiles are gonna fly
and you can't stop them I mean we've
escalated from talking to Kim don't
talking to Kim jong-un to Putin
it's a dangerous game here also the
thing about missiles kind of directly
contradicts what Donald Trump thinks we
can do with missile defense like he
thinks he couldn't shoot missiles down
from the sky but nobody could shoot our
meals down from the sky which is an
insane separable it was also a crazy set
of tweets right next to each other one
where he's talking about watch out
Russia we're gonna shoot your missile
you know and then the next tweet is like
you know all this bad blood with Russia
it's all the fault of the corrupted
grass and Bob Muller blamed imagine that
Russia in turf America Paul Ryan news
like sort of took precedence over this
but like he's Donald Trump is talking
about the country that interfered with
our elections that attacked us and he's
saying it's actually the Democrats fault
FBI's fault look it's not invading
Ukraine it's not supporting a guy who's
gassing his people it's Bob Muller I
think what's what I guess the silver
lining of this is when we have a
president who isn't Donald Trump every
time they go back to a boring norm we
will experience it as a new feeling like
oh dad to eat a crab ething at the
President of Mexico about his daughter
what we're seeing right yeah oh my stars
he did attend a thing that every other
president before Donald Trump attended
and didn't cancel the weekend so he
could play golf and he angered tweet at
Fox News like it'll be nice to
rediscover the norms was really will be
done she bowls us is there any
possibility that the bipartisan bill to
have the firing of special counsel
expeditiously reviewed will get any
