three - welcome to pod save America live
stream
someday we'll figure out a name for this
what should we call it I don't know
send us your takes and it takes take
industrial complex what we're gonna give
you some takes we're gonna answer some
questions a lot in the news today and
we'll start with some Russia's stuff ooh
Russia stuff okay Jim asks Thai
 cob that's it there's no
question Jim kara has a bit more of a
question around the same thing she says
what are your thoughts on the tyke what
are your thoughts on Ty Cobb quitting
and Trump hiring Emmitt flood who
represented Clinton during his
impeachment preparing for the inevitable
perhaps any think Tommy well you know
Donald Trump goes through lawyers like
the rest of us go through an analogy
that's funny yeah I'm really sick today
I haven't slept I don't feel good
so it's hard to go through lawyers a lot
you go through a lot of hard to tell
lubbers it's hard to tell how much of
this is churn it's just like it's a
nightmare working for this guy I mean Ty
Cobb statement was like he put off
orthopedic procedures which I don't know
I don't take him at face value that
seems significant I mean he's had
nothing but document review for the last
several months of his life there is a
sense that you know this is signaling a
shift to a far more combative approach
to the mahler investigation we'll see he
goes through lawyers like he goes
through mistresses oh that's a great one
there you go Elisha rewind the
livestream we just I had some time oh
it's life got it it's funny because last
month or the month before near times in
Washington Post of course reported that
Ty Cobb was gonna like Trump on a fire
tech hub they Trump honor to fire John
Dowd yeah tweeted and Jay Sekulow
complete fake news nothing I love my
team and now two of the three gun
apparently Ty Cobb was the lawyer on the
team who very much counseled cooperation
with Muller as much as possible Trump is
now not in a cooperative mood he doesn't
want to cooperate with Muller so I guess
he wants lawyers on his
who want to fight the mauler
investigation as opposed to cooperate
with it even though it's hard to know
that means I don't know what that
illegal contact yeah we were just
talking with us at lunch like this whole
the media now the big question is like
will Trump sit for an interview with
Muller or not to me this is like a
pretty simple question there's no way
that Trump is voluntarily gonna sit down
with Muller it sounds like at this point
he used to want oh now he doesn't really
knows these questions are out there his
team of lawyers continues to tell him
not to sit down but Muller if he doesn't
get Trump to voluntarily sit down it's
just gonna issue a subpoena right and
then Trump's either gonna comply with
the subpoena which Bill Clinton did and
that's why Bill Clinton sat for grand
jury testimony or Trump's go to not
comply with the subpoena in which case
mother's gonna take it to the Supreme
Court and then we're gonna get a Supreme
Court decision on whether Trump has to
comply with the subpoena or not right
there's weird like you can negotiate
some sort of middle ground which for
Bill Clinton was a videotaped deposition
to the grand jury that was done at the
White House not going to the courtroom I
don't know if in the long run they think
that was a good decision or not you've
heard himself so probably not it's like
lives on YouTube forever I mean I'm not
sure I'd want that out there or they
accused him of perjury John you don't
get it I'm not letting you do better
Lucas here so we'll see yet you look we
don't know what Muller knows although
the fact that like Trump's a lawyer
summary of what they believe to be the
49 questions Bob Muller will ask would
make me very nervous if I were them this
is a broad expansive Dinos yet deeply
unnerving investigation for Joe Charles
Reddington asks has anyone in the
history of government been more corrupt
than Scott Pruett he makes me ashamed to
be from Oklahoma but then again so did
the politics of this state good question
shot from Oklahoma great state yeah you
got the Thunder
you got fracking fracking related
earthquakes a couple things yeah look I
think there's probably people in the
history of government that have been
more corrupt than Scott Pruett but not
by a lot not by a lot there's now 11
separate investigations into Scott
Pruitt there's so many stories about
Scott wrote that I get annoyed when we
see them come up in the feed because I'm
like I don't know how to keep track of
all this I guess the thing today was the
the wife of the lobbyist was so that
this lobbyist wife rented out the
apartment to Pruitt for a discounted
rate and now we find out that Pruitt was
giving the lobbyists pals special
treatment or at the EPA giving them
positions at the EPA there was also some
lobbyists buddy he took with him on a
government trip to Morocco the lobbyists
planned his hundred thousand dollar trip
to Morocco which included a night in
Paris 16 grand for his airfare like it's
and then as a thank you the Moroccan
government hired the lobbyist friend as
a foreign agent who registered his
morning to get hired into his life so I
should note that uh Oklahoma had a
badass teacher walk out okay here's
Oklahoma that's a fourth thing put that
ahead of fracking related earthquakes
Scott Pruitt like I try to ask Jake
Tapper about this in our interview on
Monday which is Scott Prue does the
example of this person who's defied the
political laws of gravity like he has
had enough scandals to kill off an
entire cabinet let alone one guy kill
off I mean politically like make them
get fired but as somehow survived I
think he's probably survived because the
big fossil fuel backed industries like
lobbying associations the Koch brothers
they all want a mistakes he's kind of
doing their bidding although there's
also been reports that he's not really
very effectively doing their bidding so
it's hard to know what to believe here
but Trump should fired this guy done
month ago yeah I think the broad
contours of the prude scandal are he
used his public office for private gain
he wasted taxpayer dollars on for
himself like first-class travel and
hiring his own political cronies and
been making a sound proof phone
booth which I still can't get an
explanation at why what is it
why does he need sound proof everything
what does scott pruett talking about
that he doesn't want anyone to hear him
probably all of his crimes I just want
to note that Barry Sanders played at
Oklahoma State and the book The
Outsiders was set in
Oklahoma Pizza okay we really did thanks
Michael digging deep and let's not
forget also everyone in the EPA who was
a whistleblower who was trying to tell
Pruitt don't waste all this money don't
do all these corrupt things he fired so
he's also punishing people for trying to
catch him in his crime his goons are
like you better not say anything and
then he lied about it on Fox News is
blatantly lying it's not a great epa
administrator sucks it's nice anyway and
then deborah asses sort of a follow up
how can we help the crazy swamp
kleptocracy stories get more attention
keep talking about him keep talking
about them this will be a great thing I
think for various in indivisible groups
to organize around and create events
around I don't have the exact messaging
but like if you live in a state that's
not necessarily you know if you want to
appeal the local press and you want to
do an event about your groups
frustration with corruption in the Trump
administration I think that's a great
message it's a really smart idea will
and organize them around issues the
issues that in the policies that these
cabinet secretaries have an impact on
you know I mean there's a million awful
things happening at the EPA and while
those things are happening the EPA
administrators enriching himself
Ryan Zinke is like wasting taxpayer
money for you know private first class
flights and all that and he's
also trying to sell off all this public
land and you know Betsy DeVos is just
bad is bad because what's happening in
education in the country so close the
loops each of these cabinet secretaries
should be in charge of policy that
really affects people's lives in big
ways and they are not paying attention
to that policy instead they're just
corrupted enriching themselves so I
think we're gonna draw those draw those
lines
Katherine asks how crucial is joe
Manchin's West Virginia Senate seat for
Democrats what happens if it flips is
Don Blankenship actually a river monster
in a suit yes today it's very very
crucial mansions West Virginia see I
just ask you a couple questions about
the Blankenship thing so he called
McConnell's wife a China person the
China American no he said that
McConnell's
married to a woman whose father is a
wealthy China person and then he said so
he called him cocaine Mitch Cole Kane
Mitch and also when he was said when
someone who I am
hey maybe it's a slightly racist to call
someone kind a person he said no no I'm
an America / s'en there are Korea
persons and there are African persons
appear that he's a piece of look he
also ran to mine because of his
negligence people died he lunch pieces
and now he wants to be their senator
this guy's like an Avengers movie of
 like how pleased West Virginia
come on I know I mean he is he's not
winning in the primary right now and
again after Donald Trump I'm not one of
these people who's like I hope Don
Blankenship wins the briber because he's
so bad no one could know he should lose
and he should be out of politics forever
mansions West Virginia seat is
incredibly important we to to regain
control of the Senate we need to flip
two seats but that's only if we hold
every seat where a Democrat is up and
they are up in some of the toughest
states West Virginia Indiana Missouri
and Indiana and North Dakota those occur
and so we need mention if we if Manchin
loses then Democrats need to flip three
seats and we only have four targets of
seats to flip Arizona Nevada Tennessee
and Texas and so and it's gonna be hard
to do all four but we also have
basically four seats which are really
vulnerable West Virginia North Dakota
Indiana in Missouri and so we need we
need Joe Manchin in the Senate and look
Joe mentioned drives us crazy with some
of his positions but Joe mentioned voted
the right way when it came time to
Republicans trying to repeal the
Affordable Care Act
he voted the right way on opposing the
tax cut so he votes the right way and a
whole bunch of issues that are important
and he votes a bad way on other issues
and it seems like he's resisted like a
half dozen attempts to get him to come
into the Trump cabinet so yeah which is
good he's that our kids good we just we
need them someday if someone can run a
more progressive candidate in West
Virginia to be senator I'll be right
there I'll be all for that person you
don't know we got Joe Manchin you don't
love everyone at the table at
Thanksgiving but you you know you know
why they're there you appreciate them
that's right through their because they
have to because they're family that's
Joe
[Laughter]
David asked your favorite Democrats
running for Congress Senate and governor
maybe some names we don't hear that
often also your favorite Democratic
senators and vulnerable Senate seats
were running for that's a good question
as you know we love better O'Rourke
probably our favorite candidate cycle
running in Texas Stacey Abrams is
someone I'd like to talk about who's
been on the pod she's running for
governor in Georgia she would be the
first african-american woman governor in
the country in history
she's very exciting he's got a great
campaign going on there who else I hate
listing names because then I just get
yelled at for the people I didn't list
and I get told I'm problematic and then
to do better so I don't want to with
someone I'm very excited about the
candidates we have out there we met a
lot of the more excited me a lot more
yeah and once the primaries are over
we're gonna be able to get more of those
candidates on the pot we're trying not
to put our thumb on the scale and a lot
of these primaries because we know that
Democrats should make their own choices
and not do what we say but yeah it's a
good field I can do my favorite
Democratic senator and a vulnerable
Senate seat do it sherrod Brown yeah not
as vulnerable as before we just
mentioned like but you know Trump won
Ohio by quite a bit in 2016 but I love
sherrod cuz you know we've known him
forever
my wife worked for him but also he is in
a deep red state now he used to be a
swing state it's pretty red state honey
red but red and he is as progressive as
he's always been
he's not one of these senators who's
running towards the middle right towards
the center changing his positions cuz
he's in a tough race he is trying to win
this race being who he is which is
sherrod Brown a very progressive very
liberal senator which you know we
appreciate Claire McCaskill is great too
because she just yeah again someone who
I don't always agree with on policy but
always says what she thinks and says it
in plain blunt English which she's
trying we need more of that she tries
and she is who she is you know and so
appreciate that Stephanie asks messaging
why are Democrats so bad at it it was in
all caps there was an exclamation point
Stephanie come on
tune in for my podcast we're not coming
this summer John's gonna talk about this
whole lot
but I yeah I don't I look there's a
there's clearly a problem with messaging
breaking through some of that might be
Democrats who have been in Washington
too long who talk like they're on the
Senate floor all the time and they're
just reading their consultants
poll-tested speak and some of it is the
message is just not breaking through
because I was traveling circus every
single day and we can barely keep up
with the Trump news let alone what
Democrats are out there say yeah so
Democrats have two challenges one is to
make sure that they are speaking like
they are human beings and not robots and
the other is to figure out a way to have
that message break through yeah
the other thing to remember is in the
midterm election it's going to be a
referendum on Trump and then these
individual members or I'm sorry these
individual candidates and congressional
districts and Senate seats and whatever
else are gonna run a campaign tailored
to their constituents needs and
interests in their own states when we
get through 2018 when we start going to
a primary process then you're going to
start having like party focused
messengers out there sort of carrying a
broader message for the country and
that's when we all really need to
sharpen it and make sure it's improving
and it will break through because it has
to I mean they have to cover that way so
yeah and Kenneth s have follow-up there
I feel like the zeitgeist is losing
focus from day to day with all the crazy
 that's thrown our way I know I do
often can you talk about some pillars of
progressive messaging to help the
hashtag blue what if 2018
easy answer here health care and tax cut
yeah and if you look at a lot of these
campaigns you won't hear in the news
because the news is filled with Trump
craziness but if you look in a lot of
these campaigns whether it was the one
that was just run in Arizona whether it
was Connor lambs in Pennsylvania all of
these candidates whether they're
centrist left senator left are all
talking about health care and taxes hmm
and we had some real help with that this
week by Tom Price another disgraced
Trump cabinet secretary coming out and
saying that the repeal of the individual
mandate will make people pay more for
health care thanks for telling us that
now yeah price and Marco Rubio saying
that the corporate tax cut that they
passed isn't helping working people so
let's just let's pause there use that
let's pause on Marco for a minute Marco
 Rubio
found some intellectual honesty in a lot
it really yeah in a conversation with
the economist highfalutin Marco where he
admitted that the Ryan Trump tax cut did
not trickle down to workers almost very
very very few people have gotten bonuses
and most of it went to stock buybacks
which is when companies buy back a whole
bunch of their shares to help prop up
the price of their stock you know who
that benefits really rich people who own
a lot of stock not your average workers
so Marco admits something that is
self-evident if you look at the
statistics because financial reporters
and others have been you know detailing
this since the tax cut passed and then
today of course under pressure from
Republicans he walked back his blip of
candor because he is a spineless hack
said oh no I said that the the tax cut
was unbalanced good for the American
worker and but it just it could have
been a little better and so someone at
Politico wrote that out and what they
did to write this up was they used his
words they used his words in the
Economist and then they used his words
in the walk back and then a very cranky
Marco Rubio decided to tweet that story
out and say attacking the reporter yeah
tacking the reporter for being an intern
and then whining a whole bunch more
about why no one takes him seriously
which is self-evident at this point so
that takes care of our next question was
could you please give a few minute rant
about Rubio so we did that I'm ahead of
my time John Emily asks how about the
South man bail stuff this guy
let's let's dig into it let's start from
the beginning so he B Netanyahu so Bibi
Netanyahu first of all the Mossad the
Israeli intelligence agency figured out
that there was a warehouse full of
documents related to Iran's nuclear
program over the years historical
documents in a ballsy impressive brazen
successful intelligence operation they
went and they got them all and extracted
them and brought them back super badass
impressive good for them it's exactly
what you want the intelligence community
to do they went through those and then
net
Yahoo Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel
decided to do a big primetime
presentation like PowerPoint slides
whatever to detail what those documents
said now don't take my word for it
George Bush's CIA director Michael
Hayden called them basically nothing
Berger old news
not fake news old news and they're in
but the reason it's relevant is because
Netanyahu did this because the president
of France and the president of Germany
the leaders of France and Germany had
just been in Washington trying to
convince Trump to keep the Iran deal and
