negated the forces in politics that
ended up creating Trump whether that's
the Republicans going crazy changes in
media Twitter I got a lot to say about
Fox News and the Trump media in there
and so it's it's there's some nostalgia
there but also I try to take from that
some lessons that we learned and how
Democrats can apply those to the future
for the battles that come in 2018 and
2020 and so it's out 619 but it is on
sale now as of today and if anyone and
people buy it which I would please
encourage you to do because I feel
better about having written this book
but also it a portion of the proceeds
for every book sold during the pre-sale
period so between now and June 18th will
be donated to swing left our friends at
swing left who are out there trying to
win the house back and so if you buy the
book I would be very grateful people
swing left will be grateful tweeted me
the proof of purchase so I can sleep at
night and if you like parts of America
or at least one half of the Thursday
positive America I think you'll like
this book so I hope people get you three
don't comes out in June and I look
forward to talking to people about it
and so there it is Dan this is fantastic
I'm really excited about this I am dying
to read this book despite the fact that
I talked to you for an hour once on
every Thursday I text you 30,000 times a
day I follow all your tweets I feel like
I pretty much know everything that you
had to say about this and yet I am still
super excited to go read this book and
that's really kind of you to donate some
of the proceeds to swing left to so
everyone go buy this book this is
exciting thank you John
I should tell everyone that we had a
Cricut media retreat earlier this week
and our special guest was Dan Pfeiffer
who talked about the changing media in
the Obama era in the Trump era I imagine
some of your presentation was from this
book and the entire commedia staff was
incredibly excited about the
presentation and learned a ton so if
that presentation if any of that
presentation is part of this book
it's gonna be an excellent read so you
guys should go get it it is I only had
one set of thoughts so it didn't book
the book that's all you need man okay so
that's great we also were going to Texas
in March we just got back from our
Denver Phoenix Vegas Swing which was
great and then a second weekend of March
we'll be in Texas I think there's still
tickets left for the San Antonio show
there might be a few left for Dustin
Houston as well I think Austin sold out
but yeah go check us out we'll be back
on the road in a couple weeks
I think love it's going back on the road
next weekend because he's crazy so yeah
so that's our housekeeping okay so
yesterday
tragically 17 people were killed in a
mass shooting at a Florida high school
many of them students the gunman was a
former student who'd been expelled last
year after being abusive to his
ex-girlfriend
he used a semi-automatic ar-15s alt
rifle and countless magazines it was the
18th US school shooting in the last 35
days in the rest of the world there have
been 18 school shootings in the last 20
years but it goes without saying that
this is a uniquely American epidemic and
it happens here so much more frequently
because the NRA and the Republican Party
want people to have as many guns as
they'd like with almost no restrictions
whatsoever you can be mentally ill you
can be a domestic abuser you can be a
suspected terrorist on the watch list
you can be a teenager NRA in the gun and
the GOP wants you to have as many
military-style weapons with as much
ammunition as you'd like minimal
background checks no questions asked
take your guns anywhere you'd like use a
silencer it just doesn't matter
basically we're in this like over and
over again because Republican
politicians make the argument that
because we can't prevent all gun
violence we shouldn't try to prevent any
gun violence that's what they argue and
it's and it's another reason we
should vote their party out of existence
dan what are your thoughts I mean
obviously yet again what happened in
Florida was just heartbreaking the
videos of people leaving schools look
there's one place you should feel safe
in America it should be at school
and with the SWAT team I mean just in
hearing from the kids who are hiding in
closets and classrooms I mean since
rates your heart and it's just sick and
the videos of the kids in the closets
and the kids in the classrooms that were
on Twitter or just they're sickening it
was it was just horrifying videos and it
is worth noting as you know you and I
had Cory Booker on the podcast last
month and he rightfully pointed out to
us that we pay attention to these mass
shootings whether it be today in schools
or shopping malls or movie theaters or
anywhere else and we we often ignore the
violence that's happening all across
America with guns whether it's people in
domestic disputes and their homes
suicide because you have to easy access
to guns crimes in normal like dumb times
that happen and like we ignore like gun
crime is and gun violence is an epidemic
in this country whether it's the ones
that end up with a lot of press coverage
or the ones that have that don't even
make a local news in their community and
the sad thing here is everyone knows
that no one is going to do anything
about it that nothing will change after
you know we were in Vegas and we talked
about this we talked to the political
strategy around guns yeah on Mondays pod
and so I don't know we don't need to get
back into that but it's worth
remembering that after the in Vegas a
man for reasons we still don't know shot
500 people killing more than 50 I
believe in Vegas and using something
called a bump stock which takes a
semi-automatic weapon it makes it fire
faster and more dangerous late and
everyone pledged we would do something
about it
here we are many months later nothing
has happened not executive action that
legislative action this is just how we
how we respond is we do nothing and
there's probably no greater indictment
of the Republican Party then that fact
because this is not a si you got into a
Twitter argument with our friend mark
Murray from NBC who this great yeah
right but but the point you made
this is not a failure of Washington this
is a failure of one party that is in the
thrall not it's not just at the NRA but
of gun voters to make up a distinct
minority in the country yeah I mean this
is you know it's one of the worst
examples of the media fearing being
accused by the Republicans of partisan
bias more afraid of that than they are
of just like being honest about the
problem I mean your political reporters
your job is to provide an accurate
analysis of the political dynamics and
the political dynamics in the gun
control debate are the Republicans want
people to be able to have guns and they
want to have as few restrictions as
possible on that does those of political
dynamics and yeah yeah there are a
couple Democrats from red states who
feel the same way
but it is an extremely small minority
and it is nearly the entire Republican
Party that holds the position that they
do right now and it's not even accurate
to say that the Republicans want to do
nothing because you know what the
Republicans have done in the Trump era
is they've tried to revoke an Obama era
set of gun checks for people with mental
illness they've tried to pass bills
you
so that make it easier to use silencers
on weapons if they've tried to actually
they've tried they're trying now the NRA
is now trying to pass a you know
consistent called a concealed carry
reciprocity meaning that whichever state
has the weakest gun laws around being
able to conceal a weapon and carry it
other states have to recognize that too
so it's not even that they're doing
nothing they're actually actively trying
to make it easier to be able to have as
many guns and as much ammunition as you
want
no matter who you are or you know what
kind of background you've had that's
that's what their agenda is
and everyone needs to recognize that
everyone in the country needs to
recognize that that's the problem and
that it's not Washington being broken
it's not politicians not doing anything
not doing anything and by the way it's
not even that the NRA is giving a bunch
of money to Republicans it's the
Republicans believe they believe in this
they're not just they're not just being
bought off they actually believe that
this is the way to go and I think that's
important for people to realize that
it's not just like they're doing this
for the money they're doing this because
they want people to have as many guns as
possible that's right they were the NRA
gives millions and millions of dollars
to Republicans but it's money not well
spent
because those Republicans would endanger
America for free that's just what they
think they don't think that I don't
think that fewer guns results in let and
and less gun violence they don't believe
that and that's their right to not
believe that but if the rest of the
country believes otherwise then we
should have a politics that reflects
that belief and we should vote for
politicians that reflect that belief
after the mass shooting in Las Vegas
the New York Times talked to gun
violence researchers and they made a
chart of the most effective gun control
measures and how much public support
each had and just here are some of the
things that top that list bar sales to
all violent criminals eighty-five
percent of the public supports that the
most effective thing you could do
according to gun researchers assault
weapons ban
you
health providers 88% support
bar sales to convicted stalkers 85%
support these are all gun violence
measures that researchers some of the
best experts deem the most effective in
reducing gun violence and they all have
massive public support
yeah please do which is you know you and
I were sitting here and everyone talked
about Congress and what if Congress
going to do if Paul Ryan goes out
there's a piss poor job of pretending
like he gives a I just press
conference today and some Republicans
like Mark Meadows go out basically say
this is the price of freedom and you'd
say well nothing's gonna happen in
Congress well don't wait for Congress we
have governors races with state
legislators legislatures up for election
this fall
go win those because this was actually a
Florida law that allowed an eighteen
year old to walk into to buy this ar-15
with no background check and buy
unlimited amounts of ammunition a
Democratic governor in Florida and a
democratic legislature Carter can repeal
that that law on in January of 2019 and
we do that all across the country
so just because Congress may be
beyond recognition right now don't wait
for that you know goes good to this in
the state level because every live saved
is worth it yeah this is what this is
this is the purpose of politics Rick
Scott is the governor of Florida he
signed five pro-gun bills making it
easier to buy more ammunition and other
things he potentially could run for
Senate to try to defeat bill Nelson a
Democratic senator make sure that he
doesn't do that and when there's now
there's going to be an open governor's
race in Florida make sure there's a
Democratic governor in Florida these are
things that we can do you know we like
you said we talked about the politics of
this in terms of how Democrats should
run against run on this issue and not be
afraid of it I said you know Joan Walsh
tweeted last night to remind everyone
that in Virginia and 2017 in the 13
races we're pro-gun control Democrats
squared off against NRA Republicans
Democrats won twelve of those races the
gubernatorial nominee the lieutenant
gubernatorial nominee and the attorney
general nominee on the Democratic side
all had F ratings from the NRA and all
of them won by you know huge amounts
so you know it is it is possible to
defeat the NRA as possible to defeat
Republicans who are backed by the NRA
don't let people tell you it's not and
you know if you want to get involved if
you want to help you know we've talked
about this before moms demand action and
Everytown are both two great
organizations trying to do something
about gun violence you can text ax a CT
two six four four three three to get
involved in these organizations so
please do that and please go defeat
republicans defeat republicans who
believe there is nothing we can do to
prevent gun violence go defeat them in
november it is the most important thing
you can do all right let's talk about
another rosy topic here which is the
immigration debate so the Senate's gonna
vote today on a bipartisan agreement
that would immediately protect 1.8
million dreamers from deportation and
eventually give them a path to becoming
full citizens though it would preclude
dreamers from sponsoring their parents
to become citizens it's part of the
compromise the bill would also
appropriate twenty five billion dollars
for border security including
construction of the wall but over a long
ten year period so eight senate
republicans are on board with us so far
they introduced the legislation along
with seven democrats and one independent
angus King from Maine who caucuses with
the Democrats if every Democrat
supported this it would have 57 votes
just three short of the necessary sixty
dan what do you think the prospects are
here what do you think about this
compromise look it's a compromise
is this the law that Chuck Schumer Nancy
Pelosi would write to be signed by
Hillary president Hillary Clinton no but
it is it addresses and in contains
things we don't like but that is also
light at a time of divided government
Republicans hold every lever of power so
if Democrats can get something that
addresses the the dreamers this seems
like the best option available to us and
I would encourage every Democrat to vote
for this because
this is our best chance to get something
done before 800,000 dreamers face the
prospect of deportation in the coming
months and this is this is the right
this is the right thing to do it is much
better than the absurd nativists
policies that Trump and Steven biller
have offered earlier it's a compromise
and compromise aren't perfect but that's
that's governing yeah well and it's also
it's about you know the divide between
what is urgently needed right now and
what we can deal with in the future like
right now you know
dreamers face deportation if nothing
gets done if we don't like money for the
wall if we don't like that they don't
get the sponsor parents if we don't like
any of this stuff we can fix that later
once we return to power
if we win in November and then if we
ultimately defeat Donald Trump we can't
fix eight hundred thousand plus dreamers
facing deportation in the next several
months over the summer over the fall or
before before Democrats take back
Congress we can't fix that once that
happens that's irreversible so this is
about acting now to you know is because
it's an urgent situation to protect
dreamers and all the other stuff we
don't like we can fix later
you know we it's 225 billion for the
wall paid out over ten years ten years
like we can get rid of that funding
after November or at least after Trump's
out of office if we you know get Trump
out of office we should say that no go
ahead no no god okay two things one I
know why schoolhouse rocks is not a
thing that's on television anymore but
walls are not etched in stone into the
side of the Capitol they're written Inc
and they can be revised and adjusted and
so there are two groups of Democrats who
may be iffy on this so one would be
potentially the Democrats in the
quote-unquote calm States in the one the
ones who voted to reopen the government
back in January what I would say to
those Democrats are if you vote against
this you will get in just as many ads
saying that
you are smuggling ms-13 members in the
trunk of your car into your community
they are not gonna the Republicans are
not going to go easier on you because
you voted with them they would rather
replace you in a Republican senator no
matter what your vision record is the
other group would be the 20/20 Democrats
people are thinking about running and
here's what I would tell that group is
one this is the right thing to do
regardless of politics but it's also the
politically smart thing to do because
what you don't want to do if you were
running for president 2020 is to have to
go around explaining why you were
partially why you worked with Tom cotton
Paul Ryan and Steven Miller to make it
more likely to dreamers were reported
that is not a question you want to
answer on the campaign trail or on a
debate stage in 2020 yeah
it looks like so the through the Trump
administration is against this proposal
and apparently they just issued a veto
threat which is wonderful you know now
that's still if if this passes the
Senate if we can get 60 votes if all the
Democrats are for this and we can get
three more Republican votes to get to 60
you know maybe the White House feels a
little more pressure there or maybe they
proposed some other compromise I think
the immediate the only thing we can do
in the short term here is try to get
this bill out of the Senate the other
bill that they're gonna vote on is the
Trump proposal the truck grassley
proposal that is basically like this
proposal except it cuts Lee it
dramatically reduces legal immigration
into the country something that doesn't
have anything to do with the dreamers
just wanted to introduce it because you
know they want to keep as many brown and
black people out of the country as
possible so that bills not going
anywhere that bill is not passing the
Senate but Trump proposal because that
hasn't have a single Democrat on board
that is a partisan bill that doesn't
even have the entire Republican caucus
on both on board so you know I don't
know what the I don't know what the
Trump administration is doing here
what do you think about that that they
just issued this veto threat they're
trying to ensure that they kind of
fourth injury worse as quickly as
possible
that's what this is yeah like Trump told
Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi over Chinese
food at one time that he wanted to help
the dreamers he may have even meant
those words when they came out of his
mouth I don't think it was out of some
sort of deep wealth compassionate I
thought it would think it was more about
getting praise on Morning Joe
but his administration whether it's John
Kelly Stephen Moore secretary Nielsen
they do not they want to deport the
dreamers and so they are doing
