[Applause]
very cool hello New York
[Music]
welcome to Radio City Music Hall and
welcome to positive America I'm Jon
Favreau what's up New York City I'm
Britney PAC net you can do it this is
cool I'm John Lovett I am Alyssa
Mastromonaco shout out to Dan Pfeiffer
we wish you was here we have some great
friends joining us tonight Seth Meyers
is here
I just heard Questlove is here
and the award-winning investigative
journalist for the New York Times Nicole
Hannah Jones is here I don't want to yet
we wanted to take it in a little bit
Radio City Music Hall that's ridiculous
that's ridiculous
so guys it has now been a year since the
President of the United States told the
country that he fired his FBI director
because of the Russia thing this then
caused Trump's hand-picked Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to
appoint Special Counsel Robert Muller to
launch an investigation okay yeah Robert
[Applause]
Radio City Music Hall yeah to appoint
robert muller to launch an investigation
into donald trump and associates for
obstruction of justice and conspiracy to
defraud the United States one year later
the investigation has resulted in 75
criminal charges again 75 75 75 criminal
charges against 22 individuals and
companies and five guilty pleas on that
list of guilty pleas and indictments
includes Donald Trump's campaign manager
Donald Trump's deputy campaign manager
Donald Trump's national security adviser
in Donald Trump's foreign policy adviser
Donald Trump's personal lawyer and
business associate and all-around
wonderful guy Michael Cohen is also
expected
[Applause]
the crimes range from bank fraud to
money laundering to perjury to a
conspiracy to defraud the bipartisan
Senate Intelligence Committee has also
in concluded that Russia successfully
interfered in our election with the
purpose of electing Donald Trump and we
know from news reports that the Trump
campaign was not only willing to accept
that help from Russia but now from other
foreign governments as well like Saudi
Arabia and the United Arab Emirates so
Jon love it my first question is what
kind of a witch-hunt is this if the
witch trials in Salem had the hit rate
of a bob muller we would all remember
the story of the Salem witch trials as
that of a heroic prosecutor who saved
the town from a group of very real and
very dangerous witches I went through
that love it because I didn't want to
step back because it is easy to lose
sight in the daily news deluge of just
what this investigation has uncovered so
far do you find yourself sometimes doing
the same thing wondering just just how
big of a scope this has been yeah I mean
it's hard you know it's really it's both
really complicated and really simple
it's really complicated in that there
are many different piles of scandal I
think probably one of the hardest jobs
inside of the special council's
investigative office is sort of what
pile to put crimes into you know those
crimes a I'm probably at this point it's
crimes a DES F then G de L then then M 2
O which is always the busiest and then
you know we we spend a lot of time
breaking down the intricacies of this
scandal but Adam sir were in the
Atlantic made a really important point
which i think is often lost which is yes
these are a bunch of different very big
scandals tied together but ultimately it
is one big story which
the corruption of the federal government
by Donald Trump and his associates and I
think I'm glad we're stepping back
because I think we do lose the forest
for the trees a little bit and I think
people watching the news lose the forest
for the trees a little bit because every
day brings a new you know we've all look
we're a midway through the second season
and now we're meeting the taxi King
what's he about what's his motivation is
the taxi King gonna be someone who's
here for a few seasons or is it like a
mid tier Sopranos villain who shows up
and then dies three episodes later we
don't know yet we don't know how
important the taxi King is gonna be well
let's let's talk about that Tommy there
were two big stories about Michael Cohen
in the news today
one is Lovett referenced his former
business partner known as the taxi king
of New York some of you may know him he
got himself a hundred year jail sentence
reduced to zero years for agreeing to
cooperate with New York prosecutors and
Robert Muller so he must have something
fairly valuable to offer and then we
learned today that Michael Cohen
received a secret payment of four
hundred thousand dollars to set up a
meeting between between the Ukrainian
president and Donald Trump we've all
worked in the White House obviously that
happens all the time
Tommy why is this a problem for Cohen
and possibly for Donald Trump sure
gene Friedman the taxi King Michael
Cohen business partner is in trouble for
tax evasion he's cooperating with
covering investigators we don't know if
the cooperation is specific to the
investigation into Cohen but it's a
decent rule of thumb that if your
business partner is cooperating with the
government because they're in deep deep
trouble
you're in trouble just like it's a
decent rule of thumb that when you're
the president United States in your
lawyer / fixer is targeted by Bob Muller
you're in some trouble now the second
piece of this the second story you
mentioned to me seems to be a much
bigger deal which is that Michael Cohen
took at least $400,000 to arrange a
meeting between
the president of Ukraine and Donald
Trump which first of all like that
should not be a hard meeting to arrange
you should meet with the president right
Ukraine they're an important country and
an important region you should take that
meeting but clearly that's lobbying and
to lobby for a foreign government you
have to register under a lock called the
foreign agents Registration Act or fara
and the fact that he didn't you think
his paperwork slipped through the crack
fact he didn't mean he committed a crime
and could get up to five years in jail
now coincidentally right after this
meeting occurred between the president
you crane and President Trump the
Ukrainian anti-corruption agency stopped
looking at the Paul Manafort who we all
know ran Trump's campaign with the
chairman of this campaign it's in
serious triple trouble so what a
coincidence
in this unending saga filled with
coincidences that lead to sketchy
Russian people and Michael Cohen and
Donald Trump by a throwaway my burner
phones
I forgot my favorite part of the story
is a BBC story today and a Ukrainian
official is quoted saying that they were
they were shocked by how dirty Cohen is
this is this is a country where the
President Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned
he nearly died with Agent Orange
derivatives so you guys are seeing some
 Alyssa I want to go back to what
were you talking about a global strategy
group poll out today and this is a
democratic group they found that 55% of
the American people support the
investigation but only 41% believe that
it has uncovered any crimes so this kind
of goes back to what we're saying like
why do you think that is is this is it
too confusing for people to follow what
do you think I mean look we like we're
getting ready for the show and we're
quizzing each other unlike what we know
and so if you know people who followed
the news all the time are
double and triple-checking that they
understand I mean look Lesley Stahl was
on TV a couple days ago saying that
Donald Trump said to her you know yeah I
say that you're crooked and I say that
you're corrupt because then when I when
when news is reported people don't
believe it because they think you're out
to get me and so I think that that's the
I mean if you guys like go back to when
we were in the White House imagine the
level of detail people would have had if
one of our interns had winked at a
Russian you know I mean and so it's like
and that's I just think it's it's so
much for people to comprehend who are
primarily focused on putting food on
their tables and what it means to their
family like this is secondary at best
liars and criminals and I think you
might wait to try to figure out this
horribly convoluted thing I don't
believe what you have to say anyway
right Donald Trump told me not to
believe you but I don't want to miss
this point that loved it made though
right because the theme in this entire
administration has been entitlement and
privilege run amuck mm-hmm this is what
happens when you think the rules do not
apply to you if the media rules run
apply to you the basic rules of like
truth and fact don't apply to you the
electoral rules don't apply to you can
just steal whatever election you want
the hare rules don't apply to you
because you know how I feel about his
hair like there are just there is I mean
this is you know white supremacy is a
hell of a drug that's all Britany I was
gonna ask like how do you think
Democrats and activists should be
talking about all of this because
there's been this big debate you know
originally people said voters actually
don't care about this voters care about
their health care and their jobs and in
justices and and in their lives every
day and the Russia thing is very far
away and now people are saying okay
there's the all these crimes that piled
up it's this massive corruption it you
know has its global in scope and our
Democrats not talking about it enough
like how do you think you connect this
with people I genuinely think it's just
our responsibility to keep telling the
truth
like the world will only be post truth
if we let it be I am determined never
ever ever ever ever to let that happen
yeah right so wait I mean to be very
honest I was not the most excited about
coming to New York City because we're in
Radio City Music Hall which is really
incredible I was most excited because
this is the only city where you could
put on a salsa party outside of a racist
lawyers and he's like I'm not a racist
they're like yeah what about the other
forty videos I mean this is like I said
Donald Trump has never faced
accountability right if you can't pay
his bills he just filed his bankruptcy
if he can't get a date he'll grab a
woman by the if you know if he can't win
he'll cheat and so it is our job to hold
them accountable so keep telling the
truth that's our job
yeah no I I agree with that I mean I
think that we can overthink these polls
and and what voters want to hear and
whatnot it's like the president United
States has now been involved in a
criminal enterprise his campaign
chairman his national security visor all
these people have pled guilty their son
you're like we have to help people don't
know about that we have to tell them
about that you know it does seem as if
there's now two major stories that we're
dealing with the first is the
investigation of Donald Trump which we
just talked about and the second is
Donald Trump's attempt to shut that
investigation down and that second story
has really kicked up in recent days
Trump and his allies have claims that
the FBI and the Obama White House were
spying on his 2016 campaign that they
were wiretapping him today that they
were planting evidence that they were
trying to set him up and this would all
be I know this would all be laughable
except they have an entire propaganda
network pushing this conspiracy and
Trump has now ordered the FBI and the
DOJ to meet with hustler publicans and
revealed top-secret information about
the investigation no Democrats invited
no Senate Republicans invited because
the Senate Republicans have been a
little too responsible just the craziest
of the crazy I got the not even the
craziest of the crazy we are
now with the place where trey gowdy is
the responsibility is the adults in the
room to make sure crazy Devin newness
doesn't go too far I mean John how much
time do we spend pushing back on this
side of the story how much do we worry
about it because I would rather go out
there talking about the actual crimes
that were committed but you see in at
least in the mainstream press now I see
an analysis in New York Times and Axios
in other places and they're like well
Donald Trump is winning the message war
now so I know maybe we don't maybe we
ignore it maybe I stopped debating
chemist Rassilon whilst you she's on
Twitter I'd like everybody who's here to
encourage my friend John to stop arguing
with people who are wrong on Twitter are
they wrong
yes can he solve it probably not you
know it's it's so many there are so many
different things we have to do it once
and it's really really hard I don't know
the answer I don't think anyone knows
the answer because part of the problem
is we are trying to solve a structural
problem that has gotten worse over 30
years with words right now in a critical
moment before an election the Republican
Party and conservatives have spent 30 30
years building an incredibly powerful
propaganda apparatus
it is dangerous it is disruptive it
works Fox News works the the billionaire
funded sites that run from the
Federalists to National Review to the
Weekly Standard they work they work in
part because they employ some serious
adults who are right-wing and who I
disagree with terribly who provide cover
for some of the most despicable and
deceptive people in politics they
launder the ideas they get them into the
public they get them onto CNN they get
them into the New York Times we can't
win that fight before 2018 so I don't
know what you do I agree though with
Britney and with John that that we can't
just cede the issue because Republicans
of 60
muddying the waters I think it's about I
I think the fact that that poll shows
that most people don't don't view there
has having been proven criminality you
know we're gonna watch a clip later
where you see this kind of propaganda at
work is a good is a bit of instruction
of what we have to do we need to get
back to basics you know we've talked
about getting back to basics around just
saying Donald Trump is corrupt Donald
Trump is dangerous Donald Trump is
chaotic and here's how it hurts you
right that one-two punch we also have to
get back down to basics around the
corruption I think Democrats need to
stop being too cute by half and stop
trying to be too smart
I'm glad Schiff is fighting this I'm
glad we have smart Democrats kind of
fighting on the tactics we need to have
a simple elegant statement which is
Donald Trump's campaign chair his
national security adviser have pled
guilty or charged with crimes this
corruption is hurting you we need to
have four or five key sentences that we
say over and over again Donald Trump's
corruption is extended to this branch
Donald Trump's corruption is accepted to
that branch and hit that over and over
again and stop worrying about the
minutiae and stop worrying about Devin
Nunez cuz I don't think we can fix that
today we have to figure out how so I
just want to I just want to give a brief
shout out to some minutia because you
disagree with me and I love you you're
right
you are right but the hypocrisy drives
me crazy I remember when we were at the
White House there were a series of
national security like leaks or pseudo
leaks like a lot of information about
the bin Laden operation was given out on
purpose but then some things came out
that were they were problematic it was a
really bad leak about an operation Yemen
that actually put at risk some
operations there was a very serious leak
about Iran and efforts to stop their
nuclear program and Republicans in the
Senate called for a special counsel to
investigate the leaks right now the
leaks are coming from the Intelligence
Committee on the house side House
Republicans Devin unis and these people
are putting out information where they
are naming sources that are trying to
help their country and help the FBI and
the CIA and it is just astounding like
it is astoundingly reckless
and they need to be called out on it but
like there is the referees have just
sort of forgotten but like all that's
come before I mean I go through this
myself sometimes it's like you can
either go through all of these
conspiracies point by point and try to
debunk them but let's step back and just
think about what they're trying to say
here they're trying to say that the
Obama administration in the deep state
wanted to sabotage Donald Trump's
campaign and spy on it so first of all
they did a very shitty job of doing that
he won the election also fabs before we
go any further why would anyone have
done that because no one thought Donald
Trump was gonna win we're in this mess
cuz James Comey was like when Hillary
wins I'll get in real trouble if I don't
say this now James so James Comey who's
been leading this entire spying
operation on Donald Trump's campaign
he's like what's what's the pinnacle of
this operation I know a week before the
election I'll announce that we've
reopened the investigation into Hillary
Clinton that's it that's how I'll get
home you're playing checkers tell me
like the motivations behind this whole
thing doesn't make any sense I mean I
think this is all about distraction he's
you know some days I don't know if I
should be offended that they are
spending this much time talking about
you know these investigations and making
up Spygate and all of these things right
or if I should be deeply thankful that
they don't have time to do more
governing because the governing they do
sucks yeah that's right i i've vacillate
between those two emotions all the time
and I find myself not willing to go deep
on this conversation because while this
conversation is happening which is
important also people's lives are being
ruined right like families are being
separated at the border trans kids are
being told that they're not people women
are being told that you have you can
regulate our uterus is more than you can
regulate guns like all of this stuff is
very old
and I'm thankful that you all are paying
attention with the details because like
I think got time to I listen to positive
the people for the news crew segment
where I learned all the other very
important things that aren't
you
