it's hard I to feel very reflective on
this Presidents Day unlike a very
insecure Oprah Winfrey on the show today
we'll be talking to New York Times
writer Zeynep to fetch e about
Facebook's role on the Russian
indictments and whether mass shootings
are contagious guys we're back in the
studio feels good we haven't been here
in a while the three of us look at us
leave drivers making everybody come in
on President's Day yeah that was a
mistake in hindsight not everyone not
everyone just the people that skeleton
the broadcast we got Elijah we got
Michael we got rich here and we have a
big announcement we do Tommy do you know
what the announcement is I do I've read
the tweets we are launching as much
lighter flex we're launching a
newsletter at cricut.com the newsletter
is called what a day what a day what a
day what a day and it will deliver
everything you need to know about what
happened and why it matters to your
inbox at the end of every wonderfully
awful day here in the age of Trump
please go to cricket come and sign up
it's gonna be we're gonna test it out
for a little while so it's probably
gonna be a couple weeks away say the
date we're aiming for - no let's not
even say that expectation you don't want
to say it couple weeks can I please say
a couple weeks
March 5th Election Day hey March 5th
you know what that's um that's
leadership cool well the people who just
got nervous about that date that we
announced the people who are writing the
newsletter Priyanka Arab Indy of our
crooked media Brian boiler
editor-in-chief of Kirkuk calm these
three of us the whole crooked team
that's that's the newsletter crew yeah
so we've been thinking about this for a
while and basically we've been talking
about what we would want to see at the
end of the day on the days when we were
insanely busy and not able to totally
keep up with the news that kind of would
help you figure out what happened that
day yeah you can expect the same kind of
tone that you get here on pod save
America same kind of information listen
warm up your unsubscribe clicks okay
because you're not gonna get any other
newsletters once you read this bad boy
okay this is it
you're good once in a while we'll be
listening people's birthday here at
crooked media Los Angeles if you find
that interesting yeah we'll be inhaling
Steve bannon's breath West we mind mills
okay all right guys all right sign up
for the newsletter we're not using the
other news letters anymore that's it
that's the only slogan we need other
housekeeping love it how did the show go
on Friday we had an awesome love it or
leave it with Imani Roxane gay Salomon
Giorgio we ran through the week's news
we run through the Mahler stuff we also
had a big announcement of a contest that
you can all participate in right now if
you go to portrait mode cricut.com
you can submit your official portrait of
Donald Trump for the Smithsonian we are
accepting submissions for two weeks
going right now we are going to select
some of our favorites we have a panel of
interns and art historians and we're
gonna post our favorites and what we're
gonna do is we're going to choose some
winners and one winner and then we're
gonna print them up on shirts on hats on
mugs we're not sure exactly we're gonna
print it up but we're gonna sell them
and all the proceeds are going to go to
arts programs in public schools so you
know if you're wondering he created
you're wondering to what end we use the
resources we have here at cooking media
this is your answer is it oh I'm sorry I
didn't realize that John didn't support
art in public schools that's something I
learned Tommy weren't you weren't you
shocked I was I was well-versed in his
hatred of the Arts
I'll give money directly to the artist
Tommy how was positive the world this
way uh it was great John thank you for
asking I interviewed a a very very smart
journalist named Steve Coll he's written
some of the best books about the war in
Afghanistan ghost war ghosts wars
Directorate asses his latest ones about
the CIA's role the military's role all
the challenges in the region why we're
still there after 17 years so we tried
to make this conversation a little
different than your standard should we
send more troops or not discussion about
Afghanistan and really focus on Pakistan
their nuclear weapons program because
that's really the reason why we're there
and if you don't get that
you don't really understand the internal
machinations of policymakers in the
administration so give it a listen
it'll make you smarter he's a great
great journalist excellent all right
let's get to the news guys news on
Friday the Department of Justice charged
13 Russian nationals and three companies
with conspiracy to defraud the United
States through a campaign of information
warfare that was designed to defeat
Hillary Clinton and elect Donald Trump
mission accomplished happy Presidents
well done the entire US intelligence
community came to this conclusion a year
ago but this is different this is the
United States government stating that it
can prove the existence of the Russian
operation in court beyond a reasonable
doubt the operation included identity
theft wire fraud breaking u.s. election
law buying political advertisements and
posting fake messages on social media
platforms like Facebook staging
political rallies in the United States
and coordinating political activities
with unwitting Trump campaign officials
in that a bit redundant we're still we
still yet to find a winning trump
associate just to give some a few
examples of how this operation played
out some of these groups they posted on
Facebook and look there's a lot of focus
on the Facebook advertisements but a lot
most of the Facebook activity was post
and they pretend it to be different you
know political groups or satellite
entities as real or stole identities of
real Americans they encouraged African
Americans not to vote or vote for third
parties there was an instant one
Instagram account called woke blacks
sample add we cannot resort to the
lesser of two Devils then we'd surely be
better off without voting at all and
choose piece and vote for Jill Stein
trust me it's not a wasted vote there's
another group called United Muslims of
America that said American Muslim voters
are refusing to vote for Hillary because
she wants to continue the war on Muslims
in the Middle East and so on and on it
went with groups like this guys I want
to spend plenty of time on Trump's
reaction to all this but what were your
first reactions to the substance of the
indictment on Friday
what were your any holy moments I
mean I it's fascinating to see something
that was
probably a counterintelligence
investigation or an intelligence based
deep dive into what happened in the
selection gets spelled out an indictment
in these clear terms like that so I
think staying you know the fact that we
can now point to these specifics at a
137 and 36 page indictment I think
really bolsters the case the thing that
has bothered me I mean not just about
the Trump response today but all along
is all of this was knowable to him
probably through various intelligence
means counterintelligence the CIA's work
what the FBI was looking into on sort of
a regular day or course of action so the
system shouldn't be surprised by these
indictments in any way it's just I think
for all of us to see it spelled out is
striking yeah I was I was it was both
not surprising and then also so
disconcerting to see it all laid out in
such exquisite detail I mean the the the
reaction I had when I was seeing the
charges and and seeing the indictments
was indictments don't have feelings like
like Sean Hannity can't make Sean
Hannity can make like septuagenarian
racists think they don't matter he can
make them scared or angry but you can't
make indictments that are angry right
you can't make them indictments are
reality you can't you can't trick the
indictments into not existing or into -
not charging the people responsible like
this is the world this is what happened
and and and we're lucky that we still
have institutions strong enough that
someone like Robert Muller isn't going
to be intimidated out of putting forward
the charters he wants based on the
evidence he has yeah it's fast and
because I mean the truth is none of
these Russians will ever really see the
inside of a US courtroom they're not
going to get extradited and so you might
say you know well then why did Muller do
this but it is it the the year of
knowing that the intelligence community
has been saying this hadn't really sunk
in as much as the you know and it's not
everyone says its molars indictments it
is the Department of Justice it's the
United States government saying we can
prove in a court of law that United
States laws were broken by these foreign
nationals who tried to subvert our
election I mean the entity that did this
internet research the internet research
agency was the subject of a really
fascinating 20 2015
profile in New York Times so we've known
that this this bureaucracy existed to
just with people on the Internet
what Mulder did is he established a
criminal conspiracy with these Russians
and phase two will be if he can tie us
persons to it like little Donny jr. or
anyone that Paul Manta for it's about
the flip on or Rick Gates or any of
these folks so anyone who thinks that
this is over is probably not correct
there seems like there could be a whole
other phase here yeah well so let's get
to the Trump reaction we're done just do
a joke we can just edit it if you want
to say it we have one of the Russian
nationals here oh yeah yeah so go back
go back ya know and so you know what's
up with the Trump reaction next but John
did you hear that crackling on the phone
line yeah someone got patched in and we
didn't do we weren't sure this would be
possible today but we actually we we
have one of the Russians charged in the
indictment with us today on pod say of
America are you there sir hello hello it
is it is me Joe America um
humbled humbled by very powerful justice
man um this is not funny anymore
Joe America in big trouble Joe America
needs help to America can someone if you
hear this please call making murderer
Cola cereal call say please call cereal
they made they made that Adnan look very
good and I need urgent urgent help
please please it's not please why
laughing Joe America very scared he's um
he's new he came here he told he said
you'll come you know you'll have fun in
America go to Miami Beach dry jet ski
leaving big live in big fancy house no
one pays for anymore and that you'll you
know brown lawns you know but you keep
your house and I'm still in Merrell ago
no I I can say where I am exactly it is
gray they brought me this phone they
look very cross with me they say I can
turn on someone but I'm I feel I feel
adrift no joy America bit like dog that
caught car and anyway again if you call
that small none that small none susan
sarandon once played what's her name
do you know the woman she advocates very
tough very small find her someone please
get me Alan Dershowitz
I don't care get me a sleazebag get me
lanny davis i don't care get me the
lowest of the low
get me the scummiest lawyer to get me
michael cohen please somebody call
michael cohen please I just I sign
anything it'd be David pecker at that
National Enquirer I sign whatever give
me help anyone please
is Geor America good man American person
longtime American America red white and
blue USA go go Eagles help please help
help help joy merica well they're
laughing their asses off in Moscow
that's right
Oh God okay thank you Joe we will check
in with you later when you are arraigned
just hope the Trump people cherry-picked
to parts of the indictment to claim
vindication and I want to take both
separately first the White House pointed
to Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen
Stein's comments that there is no
allegation in this indictment that any
American was a knowing participate in
the alleged scheme guys I said Rosen
Stein and sky I know you did Oh
anyways thinking that yeah no no an hour
later a person with knowledge of the
special counsels probe told Bloomberg
that Moeller hasn't concluded his
investigation into whether Trump or any
of his associates helped Russia
interfere in the election obviously
what's going on here was interesting the
the word unwitting is doing a lot of
work in the indictment it was almost as
if it was there to say don't I'm not it
was um it was like it was clean it was
saying I'm gonna lay out the
interference case and it's not gonna be
touched by any of the other facets of
the investigation right now I and Muller
has been so sophisticated in how he has
laid out his charges he is very
carefully constructing a building that
isn't finished and so we don't know what
exactly it's gonna be right but you know
he starts by showing that he has people
who are willing to plead guilty he now
is moving on to the actual parts of it
that are true interference the
unassailable evidence of interference by
Russians it leaves open other facets of
the investigation facets like collusion
facets like obstruction and then the
final piece of it other crimes
have been uncovered that Trump is
financial crimes what-have-you but so
he's still leaving him and and on top of
that the other forms of interference
like hacking that we yet to know more
about that's a very big point that
hacking was not included right I mean we
know that that's out there we know that
these and we know that Russia sent over
agents to America to gather intelligence
now if they sat down with like the gang
at the hotline or the cook Political
Report can I get the lay of the land
like certainly those people wouldn't be
charged as part of a conspiracy right
they're just like doing a background
briefing but that doesn't preclude I
mean we know that Don jr. attempted to
meet with Russians to get dirt we know
that all this if it's what you say I
love it especially later in the summer
if it's what you say I love it
you guys what you say I love it these
guys these guys just cling to whatever
desperate little fact they can at any
moment to get them through the next like
two hours of news cycle and that's fine
I don't feel the need to fight every one
of these yeah that is exactly right I
was thinking the same thing time they
they they do this all the time it's the
worst political instinct that other
political people have had forever which
is just get me through the news cycle
and I'll worry about bad things later so
they don't care they know things might
be coming in the future that are bad for
them they don't care they just need to
get through the day they just need to
stop Trump from screaming at them and so
they'll say whatever they need to to
just celebrate and move on but that's
the point I mean that this is this is
where their ability to shape the news
doesn't matter at all it doesn't there
is value for them to getting through the
day there's really nothing they can say
to fend off whatever is coming in the
next few weeks or months so in a lot of
ways what they're doing getting Sean
Hannity out there to say that Trump was
vindicated by this has some value for
this period of time because six three
months from now when they're off to on
to the next you know whatever form of
misinformation to deal with however
worse this has gotten they'll just try
doing the same thing again Rick Wilson
always says this which is but you know
Muller has a royal flush and the Trump
team is just playing with a pair of twos
got the cards we've got a plane to go
fish right I read you guys something
funny that they interviewed one of the
two Washington Post interviewed one of
the trolls and asked him
do you think it worked and the guy said
the guy's job was to like write stupid
comments under news articles in Russia
about Russia all day he wasn't
transferred to the Facebook wing were
they screwed with the American
significant of English and the guys
responsible really reads the comments
under news articles anyway especially
when they were so obviously fake the use
were mechanical texts it was a colossal
labor of monkeys it was pointless for
Russian the audience at least but for
Americans it appears it did work so they
have built up an immunity to propaganda
we didn't we don't have that antibody
yet I want to talk about what this
indictment actually said in the type of
charge in the indictment because I find
this fairly interesting Bob Bauer who
was the Obama White House Counsel he's
one of the best democratic election
lawyers in the country maybe the best do
you remember the scandal he went through
where he found out that the staff
secretary had been a serial spousal
abuser and then he didn't tell any about
about it for he did wrong White House oh
my god I'm again I mean I feel so stupid
so the the charge that Mullard used with
the Russians was conspiracy to defraud
the United States also the charge that
he used in the manna 4 case so Bauer
argues Muller didn't charge them with
campaign finance law violations even
though for national spending money to
influence a US campaign is clearly
against the law it's a clearly a
violation of campaign finance law
instead he used conspiracy to defraud
which alleges that the Russians
conspired to obstruct the ability of the
Federal Election Commission to enforce
the law in this case the act of
obstruction was the Russians failure to
report their illegal spending now why
would he do that Bob thinks that if
there are American co-conspirators that
Muller is gonna charge it would be
difficult to charge them with violating
the law that prohibits foreign national
spending money to influence a campaign
but it would be much easier to charge
the American co-conspirators with an act
of obstruction in this case preventing
the government from doing its job so the
idea is that the backbone of the and
Marcy wheeler wrote about this as well
you know Bob Bowers got to go back to
law school this is garbage
talking about it sounds fascinating for
people listening at home I don't think
you're getting the full treatment
because John is in a trench coat and
sunglasses and he has a lot of red yarn
in his hand
I am look I went over this in detail
this morning with Lewis mensch
know is I think you're told no it isn't
a bold question but it's conspiracy to
defraud is looking like the backbone to
this case which is interesting because
it's it also goes to the question of
everyone keeps talking about collusion
collusion collusion and illusion is not
the charge here the charges of
conspiracy and the charge the charge
could be that anyone in the Trump world
who knew that Russians were influencing
the u.s. election and decided to hide
that fact from the US government are
guilty of a crime so this goes to the
Don jr. meeting this goes to Donald
Trump writing a statement lying about
