welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
I'm Dan Pfeiffer later in the pod you'll
hear from Lucy Macbeth a Democratic
congressional candidate in Georgia who
got into politics after losing her son
to gun violence we're also launching
something very cool today a few months
ago crooked media's editor-in-chief
Brian boiler went to San Quentin State
Prison to talk to prisoners about voting
and felon disenfranchisement and many of
the prisoners wrote personal essays
about what it means to participate in an
election you can now read those essays
on votes of America com
slash restore the vote and you can
listen to Brian's conversations with
these prisoners on this week's crooked
conversation okay also check out votes
save America which now has a very cool
very useful voter guide that will help
you understand everything on your ballot
you can even fill out a copy of your
ballot and save it so you can have the
ballot with you when you go to the polls
and fill out your real ballot fill out
your mail-in ballot whatever it is just
so you know the what we have on the
website is a copy of the ballot that you
can use to help yourself figure out
what's on it it is not your real ballot
people ask is that really a problem okay
people thought that maybe it was the
real ballot that you could download from
our website which that would be
something just printing real ballots
here Cricut media that's gonna end up on
Fox okay finally we will be in Austin on
Friday for our second HBO special and
we'll be joined by our good friends
Brittany PAC net and Beto or Roarke you
will not want to miss that one it is
Friday night 11:00 p.m. Eastern on HBO
and then it'll be on HBO go and HBO now
sure so check it out
second show Austin okay Dan let's talk
about the news huh lot of sure why not
it's been a while since we talked about
the news let's do it has with 20 days
left until the 2018 midterm elections
Donald Trump has decided to finally come
out of his shell and say what's on his
mind he kicked off Tuesday morning by
calling stormy Daniels horse face on
Twitter
senator Elizabeth Warren continuing to
call her Pocahontas he criticized the
global condemnation of Saudi Arabia for
what appears to be the brutal murder of
a journalist who was an American
resident comparing the allegations that
the Saudis are guilty to the allegations
of sexual assault against Brett
Kavanaugh in interviews on Tuesday Trump
again questioned whether Russia meddled
in the 2016 election when asked about
his personal lawyer implicating Trump as
an unindicted co-conspirator in multiple
felonies the president accused Michael
Cohen of lying when asked whether he
believed in climate change the president
said there are scientists on both sides
that California has wildfires because
the state does a horrible job of
maintaining their forests that he hasn't
visited troops in a combat zone yet
because he doesn't think it's quote
overly necessary that he's done quote an
incredible job with the children he's
separated from their parents at the
border and that if Republicans lose the
house in November it won't be his fault
then where do you want to start I mean I
don't know first I'd like to just say
the amount of introspection and
self-reflection in that interview where
you look at what you've done what you've
done well and you think what hey give me
a better president is astounding it's
just it's really he's really grown what
he's really grown enough job he is what
a man who walked into the Oval Office
right off the set of the Celebrity
Apprentice who when he felt the burden
of being Prezi knighted States
leader of the free world a role model to
children just took that in and thought
about how can I fit the burdens of this
office no nothing has changed he has
grown not one iota after two years of
making life-and-death decisions
nothing amazing it's amazing
I guess like how does the media even
begin to cover all of this and like how
do people process it I mean in that
quick list of things that I just read
through any one of those comments from
Donald Trump would be like a multi-day
possibly multi week story for any other
president most other politicians and any
other time are we
we supposed to think about this I
realize we say this all the time but it
is 20 days until election and the
president has decided to go on a media
tour where he is just saying all kinds
of just dishonest grossly inappropriate
offensive which is the norm with
him I we have been known to be media
critics on this podcast yeah but I
really don't I don't know how the media
can cover this oh I don't need it that
was a that was my genuine question I
don't understand I mean it's preparing
for this podcast I didn't know how we'd
all what we cover it all yeah it's like
I was watching this sort of happened in
real time when Zeke Miller who's a White
House reporter for the AP was just
tweeting out the leads of the stories
that they were writing off of this and
it's like Trump says he takes no well if
they had Republicans lose the house it
will not be his fault Trump says blaming
the Saudis for the Khashoggi killing is
you know they should be innocent till
proven guilty Trump says you know
defense calling stormy Daniels for some
it's just all the things even any one of
those would be a five day story in a
different media environment and so the
only way I think we can interpret it is
to take a step back and look at the full
array of everything he said and as a
indictment of the kind of president he
is we've been talking a long time about
how an important argument for Democrats
in this election is about being a check
against the chaos and corruption of
Trump and here you have just to use a
term of art a ton of chaos and some
ends and potential corruption oh yeah
always I mean oh like just then that is
a given there is there is more
corruption before breakfast in this
administration that in any presidencies
since Watergate I mean you know the
stormy Daniels news reminded us of
course that's the president's own lawyer
has implicated him in multiple campaign
finance crimes nothing has been done
about that so far this so dnews reminds
us that the president's and his hotels
and his private companies have
financially benefited from the Saudis
it now seems he is helping cover up the
murder of a journalist who is an
American resident seems fairly
astounding and it's just sort of just
sort of on the back burner just uh it's
it's unbelievable
it's unbelievable I mean we're we are 24
hours after let's just start with the
stormy Daniels news we're 24 hours after
the President had States called a woman
a horse face is any Republican candidate
in any close race gonna condemn that
anything gonna happen about that with
that no I mean maybe somewhere down the
line Jeff Flake will condemn this in a
sad tweet so then if and then if there
was some bill to make a horse face
monument Jeff Flake would vote for that
like that it that's exactly how this
would happen I look I think we have to
understand that this trumps being the
right way to say this but Trump being so
horrible is a classic feature not bug
argument for the Republicans this for a
portion of his base you know this is why
they like him this willingness to say
things that others won't say and the
problem is I don't think most Republican
elected officials believe that the
president's eight should be calling
anyone a horse face right but they have
come to believe and this is the
long-term danger of trumpism becoming
conservativism in America is they have
come to believe that even if it is
morally wrong it's good politics and
therefore they can't say anything or
shouldn't say anything because that will
upset the Trump base and therefore they
will lose election so we have silence on
things that you I just I think many of
these Republicans are bad in a lot of
ways but I do think that I do believe
that they probably even Paul Ryan thinks
it is wrong that Trump says this but the
they can't they feel like they can't say
it because they believe it's they
believe what Trump does is now good
politics and so they will he's buying
their silence in exchange for what they
believed
be votes from his base well and you know
the only thing that's gonna change that
is an election right because like you
said the Republicans may or may not
believe that this is morally wrong but
that doesn't matter they think it's
politically smart and they think that it
will rev up their base and they think
that their base is all they need to win
a lot of these elections and we can get
into why that may or may not be true but
if Republicans do well in the midterms
Trump will say all of this stuff and
worse and do worse over the next two
years because their strategy will have
been validated right and he will charge
on if you that the last two years were
bad you ain't seen nothing yet for the
next two years if Republicans do well
and this strategy of Trump saying
whatever the he wants and riling up
the base and doing whatever he wants
drive up the base if that is validated
on Election Day all bets are off for the
next two years the Trump is gonna be
Trump like if they lost 200 seats Trump
would find a way to believe that this
was voter fraud the Chinese interfering
in elections Paul Ryan a Mitch McConnell
being terrible and not supported he
would find a way to justify it because
he is chemically incapable of accepting
responsibility for anything right and
but what could change is Republicans
feeling a need to provide to say
something to be a check of some kind and
on the matters of policy and oversight
and corruption if we take the house I
don't really give a what Paul Ryan
or Ben Sasse say because Democrats will
be able to will be able to actually stop
the trumpet Genda they'll be able to
hold oversight hearings subpoena
witnesses and that's what will really
matter but we can't judge success and
fair what happens my will comes out at
Trump's mouth because that is that is
unchangeable what is the strategy behind
making this the Trump show for the last
few weeks is it even a strategy I
realize we use the term loosely when
talking about Trump and the White House
but it does I guess we know at least
from The Daily Beast had a story about
this yesterday or couple days ago that
Trump told his the White House staff in
the mid
September I'm not getting my message out
in enough places I need to do more
interviews I want to do even more non
Fox non right-wing interviews because
you know I'm the good messenger and if I
just get my message out well win the
election what do you think the strategy
is there do you think there's something
more to it yeah I think I mean it as you
point out I'm always hesitant to use the
word strategy to describe Trump because
that he doesn't have strategic thinking
but there is something underlying this
it is it I mean it's I always subscribe
to him it's more instinctual than
intellectual and I think this is an he
has an instinct that the more he talks
the better off Republicans will be and
the better off he will be and that he
has very little faith in anyone else
speaking for him whether it's Republican
congressional candidate Sarah Huckabee
Sanders Mitch McConnell anyone else did
the person who should be speaking is
Trump he also enjoys attention and this
is attention and he would just be he was
just melt into the ground if if the rule
was that he had to stop talking for
Republicans to do well he would never
believe polling or anything else that
would say the less Trump the better and
I do like they have a theory of trying
to get Republican enthusiasm up and the
belief is is that Trump the more Trump
the more Republican enthusiasm I don't
know that that's gonna work or not
there's some evidence it works in some
places and not others but I think that
is what is it what is happening here
that's what I was gonna say I mean when
you look back at you know polling and
special election results since Trump has
become president you know we've said
this before it does seem like when we
are debating large scale economic policy
health care tax cuts off like that polls
have that's when the Democrats have been
at their best
I think another time that Democrats have
done better is when Trump is out there
all the time saying truly crazy but
again that could be in some places and
not others and then it seems as though
when the polls have been tightest was
during the Cavanaugh hearings
and partly during during that time for
most of it until the end
Trump sort of receded into the
background and it was sort of a
traditional Republican versus Democrat
culture war so you know I don't know
I don't know if they'd be better off
with Trump out there saying all this
kind of crazy more or not I guess
like talk more about when you said that
it might help in some places and not
others
sure I think this is an important point
that most political analysis unless it's
done by you know people who really dig
into data and understand the voter
makeup in various districts and states
most political analysis is
one-dimensional and it's based in this
old idea that the Democratic base is
going to do it it's gonna do the
Republican base is gonna do what its
gonna do they are equivalently the same
size and the elections are cited by 20%
of people in the middle and whether a
strategy worked or didn't work whether a
statement was affectionate out of fact
it was based on its impact on that 20%
of swing voters did it move 12% one way
I didn't move to a percent the other way
and that I don't know the politic who's
ever that simple but it was much closer
to that 15 to 20 years ago and now
politics is much more three and four
dimensional in the sense that you have
States or very different districts are
very different the bases aren't the same
size the Democratic base is larger in
the Republican base the Republican base
ISM is more reliable voters and midterms
and presidentials frankly and the number
of voters in the middle are smaller and
so things can like Trump doing something
can work be effective in a red state
where the Trump base which largely means
not necessarily Republicans but
non-college educated Republicans is a
greater percentage of the electorate and
in a more suburban district or a state
where that Trump base is a smaller
percentage of the electorate will be
have the opposite effect so Trump can be
simultaneously helping democrats win in
the crooked seven and helping
republicans win some of these Senate
races
and whether it's like North Dakota or
Montana or something else and you have
to really understand and get pretty deep
in the data to see what what is the
voter makeup they can get either a
Democrat or Republican to their win
number and and so that like in this case
it could be yes it's working
and yes it's killing Republicans at the
same time just every different just in
different places yeah I think the
geographic point is important here and
Nate Cohn who does polling and analyze
his data for the New York Times wrote
about this this week I want to quote
from this story since it was fairly
disturbing but Nate's very smart
he wrote that polarization from stories
like the fight over Brett Kavanaugh s
confirmation seems to be helping
Republican candidates in the final weeks
of the election he said that trend might
fade but if it holds it will be an
abrupt change from earlier polls and
last year's special election results
which indicated the Democrats were
highly competitive in red areas instead
the district and state polling raises
the possibility of an election more like
last year's virginia elections or the
2010 midterm elections both were strong
results for the party out of power but
the big numbers came mainly on home turf
Cohen also wrote the geographic
disadvantages Democrats are facing are
so severe that it gives the Republicans
a chance to survive a so-called way of
election so that doesn't sound very
great now you just heard me talk about
Virginia and you might be thinking well
what do you mean like Ralph Northam won
Virginia by nine points the polls said
he you know it was a close race what
happened in Virginia was Northam and
Democrats in general did incredibly well
blew out all sorts of turnout models in
the blue parts of Virginia that Clinton
had won in 2016 in the red parts of
Virginia the Trump had won Gillespie did
almost as well as Trump did in some
cases as well as Trump did so the
concern is for this election that in the
blue areas of the country
you know Democrats have incredibly high
turnout and a ton of votes and you know
like you said all those suburban
Strix in California could be you know
flippable but in these red areas and
unfortunately the Senate map is
incredibly read probably the toughest
map we've ever faced probably the
toughest map either party has ever faced
we're facing and in those areas whereas
we might have been competitive earlier
this year
now we might not be I don't know what do
you think about all this look I think it
is a very important point to understand
what's happening is that the blue wave
if it hope ins knock on wood fingers
crossed everything it's not gonna hit
everywhere the same way because there's
just less blue and less places now there
are some complicating factors to that
analysis so let me say one more thing
it's very important to understand we did
very very well in Virginia the Trump
base is Virginia has one of the smallest
per capita amount of the Trump base of
any of the swing states it's one of the
reasons why it's one of the few states
that moved that Hillary Clinton did
better in than Barack Obama you know and
Colorado's in other state and so in that
sense Virginia is not a Virginia can
tell you a lot about the districts at
Hillary Clinton won in 2016 they
currently have Republican members
California Pennsylvania you know all
across the country in places like that
so that's New Jersey so that is very
true now the thing that I would say we
are no longer into don't wet the bed wet
the bed that's not a thing we do anymore
for people who people who were fans have
a different podcast we once had in a
much different political time but there
are some signs that in the Midwest in
particular that exact formula states
that Trump won in 2016 to that exact
formula it's a it's a more complicated
fiction than that just we're gonna do
well in blue they're gonna do well in
red and that in purple areas purple
states states that Obama won by a little
bit Trump won by a decent amount
Democrats are doing quite well
Ohio Pennsylvania Wisconsin are three
that are interesting with Michigan is
another one Trump's numbers and Iowa
suggests some opportunities for
Democrats there and so the just the
regions of the country are very
different deep deep red seems like it is
getting potentially more deeper a which
