Piper big pot today Dan big pod we're
gonna be talking to our friend chase a
lot happening we're gonna be talking to
our friend Jason Kander about the new
season of majority 54 that's exciting
we'll be talking to enemy Chettiyar of
the brennan center for justice about the
prison reform bill in congress right now
we're gonna talk about a little bump in
the road on the way to trump's Nobel
Peace Prize I'm gonna talk about the
Prezi knighted States referring to some
deported immigrants as animals and they
were also about 700 stories about the
investigation of Donald Trump and his
crime family yesterday so we will try to
sort through those dan how are you today
you have any updates very happy happy
mother bursaries today today is the
one-year anniversary of Bob Muller
coming on the scene well I was gonna say
and in celebration of that anniversary
we have Bob Muller right here in studio
when they'll be excited you would tell
actually I would like that on the show
I'd like him to focus on this job to get
this thing wrapped up so greetings from
the Bay Area where we spend our time
waiting for babies to come so there's
that any minute now
ah any MIT kids like could happen I
could get literally downstairs from
where Haley is so at any minute I may
have to run upstairs and indirectly pass
it off but don't even get to the Ponte
title be great pods I will miss you guys
in New York and Boston next week I was
occupied but I'll be glad I'm doing what
I'm doing well here we had a big
announcement on the book today book tour
dates are out for the first set of
cities we're going to be in the Bay Area
for a couple events coming to LA to do
an event with you love it and Tommy
which will be wild we got it Ellen you
see with Alyssa in New York computer
Hamby Portland Maine got a bunch of
events if you live in any if you're
within any of these coastal cities we
just come check it out book us out June
19 all proceeds from the portion of the
proceeds from the pre-sale go to swing
West though you're buying the book
you're helping me feel better about
myself but you're also helping a very
important organization so by the book
your bull okay let's get to the news
dan I regret to inform you that if
Donald Trump I'm sorry Dan I regret to
inform you that Donald Trump may not
have a lock on the Nobel Peace Prize
after all on Tuesday night North Korea
issued a statement that said quote if
the u.s. is trying to drive us into a
corner to force our unilateral nuclear
abandonment we will no longer be
interested in such dialogue and cannot
but reconsider our proceeding to the
North Korea United States summit
surprise surprise
it looks like tweeting crazy at a
madman was not the magical solution to a
challenge that has bedeviled presidents
of both parties for decades dan what
have we learned here about diplomacy
from I think your us beaver did not read
the David Brooks column that yeah Donald
Trump with a brand new unorthodox view
of foreign policy where maybe he just
understood the - the quotes ugh better
than anyone else which was why he was
able to grant the release of two of a
handful of some Americans who were
kidnapped during his presidency with
would indeed be put aside the fact that
a dozen or so were released during
Obama's presidency and the whole thing
is I guess the thing I would say here is
everything is tupid the reaction that
how everyone like this is a very serious
foreign policy thing it was always going
to be solving this problem is gonna be a
long shot I think a meeting would be a
very good thing I think it is great that
these Americans were released but the
idea that we that this is now considered
this is on the Fox News running list of
Trump's accomplishment is nuclear
diplomacy with North Korea for a meeting
that has not yet happened a group of
members of Congress try to nominate
Trump from a Nobel Prize attending to
the Trump rally started chanting Nobel
while he was speaking for a meeting that
had not yet happened and had not
delivered a single change of consequence
the North Korean policy and and then and
then we already fast forwarded to do it
to a debate on the internet about
why won't liberals give him credit for a
North Korean diplomatic breakthrough we
already we already got to that debate
there hasn't been a meeting yet
people yeah it's just it's crazy like
this David Brooks column is the perfect
example of they never Trump since the
quote-unquote conservative Republican
who needs to find a way to make himself
fit in into a trumpets Republican Party
so this seems like the way to do it so
you rush off just because it's 800 words
in the air times at that age does not
mean it's not in just as vacuous as a
Twitter hot take from someone from some
anonymous Twitter user are in or with a
red hat avatar like that it just it like
let's take a deep breath slow down let's
see what happens before we try we're so
desperate to give Trump credit for
something because he's so bad at
everything else and we don't even wait
to see if he deserves credit for that
thing because almost always if you rush
to praise Trump for something you were
gonna end up looking stupid moments
later because it always ends that way
and this is even really about something
also just like is everyone swept through
complicated diplomacy for the last
several decades this was obviously good
so maybe just like keep the novela on
iceberg Eve minutes and see how this
plays out well it's I mean yeah it's a
couple things it's as you said a
consequence of the Washington media
having a fetish with balance every day
it's like we must we must try to you
know credit Trump with something because
we've been so tough on him for
everything else like in you know not to
mention the fact that you've been tough
on him because he's like a lying crazy
insane president so that's number one
it's this this you know we must find
something to praise Trump about every
day we're looking for it
and then number two it's a broader
problem which is you know in this news
environment
two main issues are we all have
collective amnesia we can never remember
what happened yesterday
and so like things just wash away and
new cycles in a matter of minutes and
the other problem we have is patients
like
everything has to be solved immediately
and so this summit is announced it seems
like we could have some kind of
potential breakthrough and everyone
rushes right to judgment about what
happened like here's the thing after
that statement we don't know the summit
could still happen and Trump could still
be successful I'm not saying now that
this statement means that it's all over
because I want to wait and see what the
 happens all we know so far is that
North Korea has not offered Trump
anything different than previous North
Korean regimes have offered previous US
presidents the only thing new so far as
the Trump has accepted the meeting with
the leader of North Korea so if that
meeting does happen let's see what
happens let's see you know Trump has
been promising denuclearization which
we've thought from the beginning is not
something that kim jeong-hoon is gonna
want to do because why is he why would
he give up his nuclear weapons why would
he give up all his nuclear weapons so
will there be some kind of progress or
breakthrough that's somewhere in between
him giving up all of his nuclear weapons
and him doing nothing the status quo
possibly but maybe we should all wait
and see before we start writing our
 tanks yeah here's a good first
take this is a good first step like
that's the way to approach the
scheduling of the meeting that's what it
is be patient they know it's not a noble
worthy achievement it doesn't tell you
really anything about Trump's foreign
policy acumen or his ability as
president whether you're right it's
about balance it is because like
function gate should have gotten credit
and we gave it to them here which is
should be notable because we don't do it
very often for getting a meeting on the
books and if the meeting goes well and
we make progress even if it is short of
the ultimate goal if we improve the
situation and so much inform whether
it's inspectors or some changes - like
missile technology or whatever it is we
should give them credit for it let's
just wait till something actually
happens the other thing that is that it
was really revealing about this incident
is that for as much as Trump and his
minions claim to hate elites and
the mainstream media in elite
institution what they truly create at
the end of the day is elite approval and
because that's like there is no more
globalist elitist approval than
getting European leaders to vote for you
to get the Nobel Prize is the ultimate
right when they want it so bad like that
ultimately so much of what drives like
this movement is an insecurity about not
getting away from what's why Trump cares
so much about what Maggie haver in the
New York Times it's why he wants the
Nobel Prize it will prove he will be
accepted in a club that he feels he is
not accepted in yes despite being crazy
nice babe that is exactly right it's
also why all these conservatives online
are all angry that liberals are too mean
to them and because of that you know
they're fueling Trump and everything it
is they are all desperate as much as
they'd like to on the elite media
and elites they are desperate for this
approval it's it you're right is the
basis for this whole movement there's
one other interesting dynamic at play
here in North Korea which is it seems
like what set the North Koreans off what
the statement was our new National
Security Advisor John Bolton who
proposed a quote Libya model for North
Korea a problem with that model is years
after Libya's Muammar Gaddafi gave up
his nuclear weapons he was captured and
killed so it seems like see like we from
the beginning we've known this that when
when Bolton arrived on the scene he
doesn't really he's not a big fan of
diplomacy do you think he's playing do
you think he's a the other thing I
should say is it was pretty great in the
statement that the North Koreans
released they said of Bolton we do not
hide a feeling of repugnance towards him
Sam is is Bolton trying to sabotage the
talks do you think I don't know I mean
who knows I like Bolton is
he is been a well credentialed foreign
policy troll bridge entire career he's
not someone who builds things he just
writes about destroying them in the
pages of the Wall Street Journal and so
I don't think he has any concept of
anything other than how to be
inflammatory in rhetoric and so now he's
in a position where he actually has to
do something and I mean ultimately this
is what happens when a president has no
coherent policy view on any issue other
than immigration if there's no Trump
vision or Trump doctrine that he's
trying to implement it's just sort of
what some guy who knows very little
about foreign policies think based on
what he saw on Fox & Friends the morning
is very hard to work for someone like
that so I think he probably has no idea
what he's supposed to do and no one in
the administration does because Trump
doesn't so it all sort of knows from
incoherent get to talk all Trump knows
is that he wants a deal and now the
world knows the Trump wants to deal and
Kim jong-un knows the Trump wants a deal
desperately and that's going to play to
the advantage of the North Koreans at
the negotiating table so our to the deal
man we shall see we shall see I want to
talk about the president's comments on
immigrants Wednesday during a White
House Roundtable about California's
refusal to force local police officers
to become deportation agents Trump
referred to some immigrants who'd been
deported as animals here's the full
context of what was said a sheriff from
Fresno was complaining about ice and she
said quote there could be an ms-13
member I know about if they don't reach
a certain threshold
I cannot tell ice about it Trump
responds we have people coming into the
country or trying to come in and we're
stopping a lot of them but we're taking
people out of the country you wouldn't
believe how bad these people are these
aren't people these are animals Dan
Trump people conservatives Republicans
are all saying the Trump was referring
specifically to ms-13 members that he's
called them that before which is true he
has called them animals before what do
you think about this whole thing
the problem is Trump has forfeited the
benefit of the doubt on almost every
issue but particularly the issue of
immigration like we have been the
trumpets have been trying to argue for
more than two years now about whether
you're trying to explain that when Trump
said rapists then he was not referring
to immigrants in Mexico fortunately but
she obviously was like right like this
state like here we give regardless which
I know is not a word I think by whatever
it is right now think about it is now
stop me but the weather in this instance
he would he was referring to sit with
ms-13 I think it's fairly irrelevant
because the idea of trying to dare white
Americans by demonizing immigrant of all
stripes refusing to distinguish between
the tiny percentage who are ms-13
members or criminals in the overwhelming
majority who come here looking for a
better life or who have been here for
years and are part of the community
Trump is nevertron a distinction between
the dreamers and members of ms-13 and we
know this because during the very brief
shutdown the exactly he did was compared
Democrats efforts to help the dreamers
with Democrats letting members ms-13
into this country and so I don't really
care about the specific instance what is
undeniably truth is that this is Trump's
message to American it is consistent
with how he describes immigrants it has
for his entire time on the national
stage here yeah this is the and it's not
just Trump it's the entire Republican
campaign message it's the central
message for 2018 and we know that
because it's been the message in just
about every race in 2017 it's where
they're putting all their money behind
their ads is to talk about ms-13 they're
running on ms-13 that's their issue
they're trying to say that all
undocumented immigrants are like ms-13
the conflation has been happening from
the beginning and also like a whatever
whatever Trump said or meant which i
think is ambiguous at best
at best just look at the policy it comes
that this whole Club the set of comments
come a few days after the White House
announced a new policy that attempts to
dissuade immigrants from crossing the
border by separating parents from their
children once they arrive and when the
White House chief of staff was asked
whether this policy was cruel and
heartless his response was quote the
children will be taken care of put into
foster care or whatever
darrel and who knows this issue better
than anyone at Vox points out that since
Trump took office ice has arrested forty
five thousand four hundred and thirty
six immigrants without criminal records
that's double that's up that that's up
forty percent I'm sorry
up to forty percent of the people I see
now des portes don't have criminal
records and that is double what was
happening during the Obama era so just
look at the actual policy never mind
what I'm saying he is he's trying to
scare people about immigrants he's
trying to say that the people in this
country are criminals when that's not
what the statistics say and they want to
focus on him as thirteen yeah of course
we want ms-13 gang members
arrested and deported out of the country
of course we want that but that's not
what they want they're all now they're
all saying like Oh Democrats are rushing
a rushing to the defense of ms-13 that's
what Democrats are doing right now by
pointing out the Trump just started
talking about people who are animals at
a press conference disease talking about
immigrants and deportations it's
ridiculous do you think this is a troll
s question but do you think we are once
again walking into a trap here as
Democrats yeah well I was gonna ask
about this because it's not that we're
walking into a trap necessarily it's
it's that we're going to have to deal
with this over and over again from now
until November Trump said a couple weeks
ago this sort of went under the radar
that he wants to shut the government
down in September over his border wall
if he doesn't get funding for the border
wall he is looking and Republicans are
looking for every opportunity they can
find to bring up immigration and to
conflate it with violence and gangs and
ms-13 and all the rest and so I don't
think the Democrats can just avoid that
because
they're good that's their game plan
that's their campaign and they're gonna
try to keep it in the news whether it's
something like this or whether it's
Trump threatening shut down the
government or whatever it is they're
gonna try to do this from now until
November so the question for us is not
should we respond or not it's how we're
gonna respond because I don't think we
can ignore it yeah I think that's right
I think it is weak we must call like if
the president urged States is advocating
racist views from a table in the White
House then we have to say something and
it's not an option to not this and the
question is where you go after that to
make sure that people have a reason to
vote for Democrats beyond just the fact
and then there's an important factor
beyond just the fact that we are ready
willing able to call out racism misogyny
xenophobia white nationalism and all of
the other dangerous ideologies that are
emanating from the president states what
has been next yeah well look I also
think we okay I think we've got to let
people know what exactly is happening
besides just waving it off as racist you
know because we can say that but like
let's let's actually talk about what's
going on here I mean the story from
Slate this morning that broke around the
same time as as everyone's been talking
about these comments ice recently
arrested a dreamer revoked his daca
status placed him in detention and
attempted to deport him claiming he was
a gang member and a federal judge just
ruled that ice was lying that they lied
about it that they actually tried to get
a false confession out of this young
person who was been in this country
since he was a child he lived in Seattle
I showed up at his house to arrest his
father who wasn't here it was here as an
undocumented immigrant and then said to
him we're gonna arrest you too and the
kid says well no here's my dock a work
permit I'm supposed to be here legally
it's fine and they said that doesn't
matter
and they ripped up the work permit and
they threw him in jail and they tried to
get a false confession out of him and a
federal judge had to rule there was
lying and they tried to deport this man
so like we don't actually have to be
going back and forth is whether what
Trump said or meant was racist or not
