in LA on Sunday and you can also hear
the full interview on Tommy's pod save
the world episode this week so check it
out you can also listen to keep it Kara
and Louis and Ira had a great episode
this week where they talked about this
entire Kanye West situation as well as
the Michelle wolf kerfuffle which I
think both things happened three or four
years ago but today Dan we begin with
quite an update on the United States
versus the Trump family crime syndicate
last night last night America's mayor
who turned into a raving lunatic Rudy
Giuliani decided to sit for an interview
with sean hannity as president Trump's
new outside counsel and boy did he knock
it out of the park
why don't we play a clip a clip from the
the interview with Sean I think rich has
won for us that money was not campaign
money sorry I'm giving you a fact now
that you don't know it's not campaign
money no campaign finance violation so
they funneled it through the law firm
funnel through law firm and the
president repaid it oh I didn't know he
did
there's no campaign finance law zero for
the press like every Sean so what this
decision was made by everybody everybody
was nervous about this from the very
beginning I wasn't I knew how much money
Donald Trump put into that campaign I
said 130 thousand ain't gonna do a
couple of checks $430 Rudy Rudy
[Laughter]
so Rudy Giuliani admitted on national
television that the president personally
repaid Michael Cohen for the hundred and
thirty thousand dollars he paid to keep
stormy Daniels quiet about their alleged
affair for those who haven't been paying
attention the president previously told
reporters he knew nothing about the
payment Dan what was he thinking here he
wasn't
I mean it is so I was watching the
basketball game that I went to dinner so
I was not unlike my usual practice I was
not watching Hannity live and you're
following the tweets and so as I was as
I saw what he said I assumed he was
answering a question about this very
topic a question as simple as did the
president now that's not what happened
it was a question on an entirely
different subject which then calls Rudy
Giuliani to just take a sharp right turn
and admit a bunch of crimes and tell the
American people that the president is
press secretary his attorneys have all
been lying for months and I mean it's
truly mind-boggling like we made jokes
about how absurd it was that Trump was
hiring Rudy Giuliani to be interviewed
to be part of his legal team but the
reality is so much more absurd than the
jokes made it's really mind-boggling
I mean I mean thank you do the
interviews
Rudy joannec you're listening we would
let you live stream rookie media
headquarters for six straight hours if
you want to just talk this keep don't
stop talking keep doing what you're
doing
someone pointed out a couple people
pointed out that the last time Rudy
Giuliani attempted to explain a
complicated clip the last time that Rudy
Giuliani tried to explain a complicated
legal matter on behalf of the president
it was when he said Donald Trump called
him up and said hey we got to do this
Muslim ban but how do we do it in a way
so it doesn't seem like a Muslim ban
basically and Rudy's comments were then
used by lawyers in court to argue that
Trump's Muslim ban was religiously
discriminatory and so he did such a good
job with that he was brought back and
then just stepped on many rakes starting
last night on Sean Hannity's program
until today on Fox and Friends so in
response to all this Rudy talked to a
couple different reporters and tried to
say that this whole thing was planned
he said the president was very pleased
we discussed this revelation in advance
does not expect to be fired with Swift
Robert costs are reported after talking
to does not expect to be fired my
favorite phrase what what more job
security can you hope for than to not to
be expected we fired so I guess the
question is is there a world where you
see that Rudy and the President did talk
about this in advance that he was going
to bring this up at some point and why
what what is the what is the upside to
Rudy Giuliani disclosing this
information to the public there there is
no world where they plan this out this
is idiotic if it's a bad idea it's
poorly executed every part it it drips
in stupidity and arrogant it's I mean
it's just it's so but there's there has
to have been some rationale in Rudy's
head for why he should do this which I
and I think it has to I think it goes to
the legality of or at least how they
interpret the campaign finance laws
which is it seems quite different than
how the laws are actually written they
believed that the problem with Michael
Cohen paying a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars for this was that he's
not supposed to make an in-kind
contribution that large because there
are campaign contribution limits and
thus if they announced that Trump
himself actually made the payment that's
okay because Trump is allowed to
contribute unlimited funds to his own
campaign what they have not realized is
that on the campaign limits contribution
limits that may be true but even if you
contribute money to your own campaign
you still have to report that money and
if you don't that's a violation and if
you willfully and knowingly don't report
that then that could be a felony and
they don't seem to have grasped that
part of the law
Rudy may have read the first page of a
legal memo prepared by an attorney but
he did not read the second page and so
it
so look there's something much bigger
though then can't they finance law which
we can get to but if you were to reverse
engineer strategies today like I there's
no strategy Rudi is not does not it not
an attorney he doesn't Rick Lee beat is
nothing being particularly sharp he the
reason he was talking is because there
was a camera in front of him which has
long been his habit and he he has verbal
diarrhea a legal strategy and if you
there were a strategy it is Muller the
the federal government this the it
within the context of the Cohen
investigation or the Muller and or
molars investigation to Trump they know
the truth so the truth is eventually
going to come out so you want to put it
out on your terms that if there were
competent people working on this
complicated problem that would be a way
much would happen this is not how you
would do it you would do it you would
come out with this was a well-organized
well-thought-out legal argument as to
why it was not a crime they did not do
that they mumbled some things and then
had no answers to the next 17 question
but eventually I think they know that
Muller knows this and they know that
from the questions and therefore
eventually it's gonna come out they
should put it on your own terms but on
your own terms isn't that rudy giuliani
babbling on sean hannity yeah not away
any comedy communication expression all
the do this well and there's also plenty
of evidence that they did not plan this
for at least the hannity interview
because hannity as you all heard on that
clip clearly caught off guard
oh-oh-oh
my only real disappointment is that the
camera was not on hannity when he
reacted so we can't see his face because
it's on Giuliani but you just hear
off-screen Hannity oh oh I didn't know
that so Hannity was surprised which
normally that would be that would you'd
expect the journalists asking the
questions to be surprised but since
Hannity is a shadow chief of staff for
the White House you thought that he
would have been probably read in on the
strategy before Giuliani who went on and
also a number
of White House aides or all telling
reporters this morning that they had no
idea this was going to happen so clearly
they also lied about it being a strategy
to do that
last night the heavy figures so great
because Hannity sitting there going I'm
here I'm doing my job I am doing a
propaganda for the president and the
others then he stumbled into journalism
is like what do I do
cut the camera so so after all that Rudy
wakes up this morning and thinks why
don't I go do Fox and Friends let's go
back and try to just step on another few
rakes so he goes he goes back on Fox and
Friends and I think we actually we have
a great clip of of what he said there -
you're saying that Stephanie Clifford
made these allegations told Donald
Trump's lawyer
welcome deny the public and denied them
and they said it wasn't true however
imagine if that came out on October 15th
2016 in the middle of the you know last
debate with Hillary clips or to make it
go away they they made this home he
didn't even ask Cohen did it Cohen made
it go away he did his job this is what
the mob talks like also so
here's the important thing about that
revelation the entire law whether they
broke the law now hinges on whether this
payment was made in a way to influence
the election and Rudy on Fox & Friends
was trying to say this had nothing to do
with politics it had to do with you know
protecting the first lady and the
president's own reputation etc etc and
then he says that imagine if this came
out during the debate which shows that
of course the payment was meant to
influence the election it was meant to
protect Donald Trump's reputation in the
last days of the 2016 election therefore
it was an in-kind contribution therefore
it should have been reported to the FEC
it was not therefore it is a felony if
felony committed by now Michael Cohen
and possibly the president noted States
and also we know that Michael Cohen
believes that he's probably
in legal trouble over this because a
couple days ago he pled the fifth in the
state he pled the fifth saying that he
did not want to speak about the stormy
Daniels thing because he did not want to
incriminate himself because he committed
crimes yes I mean it we should note as
many people on legal Twitter point out
that pleading the fifth does not mean
you're guilty it is your legal right
isn't it of course but you can do we
have to analyze this in the context of
everything else
mmm right which is this is the attorney
for the present state this it's mr.
there's a legal context there's also
political context and then there's also
just the rank hypocrisy everyone in the
Trump orbit making claiming that anyone
who pleaded the fifth was guilty which
was their argument about various people
related to the Hillary Clinton
investigation so everyone is
these people do not get the benefit of
the doubt at least in the court of
public opinion well the court of law can
say your doubt the there are some other
illegal elements here too that are worth
noting which is it's not just campaign
finance law because the president then
also according to this I get this from
the Twitter feed of Walter shop who was
the head of the office of government
ethics before he was there modestly
pushed out by the Trump administration
due to their anti ethics position is
that he also that if this was part of a
deal with Cohen then he owed Cohen money
which is a which is a liability that
should have been reported on his
financial disclosure form something that
you sign under penalty of perjury that
you're testing to that you know to be
true to the best of your abilities so
then Trump also lied on his on his plan
shows closure form so there are multiple
potential crimes here there is all of
which because we're enjoying I didn't
interview that we're now we're us though
Thank You Johnny for your first piece of
public service in 17 years and then this
morning Trump had three tweets that all
look like they were written by lawyers
except he spelled the word roll like
Giuliani's roll or stormy Daniels
roll as ro ll which was pretty funny so
even even his lawyers have typos but the
it's this very lawyerly statement where
he talked about how Cohen was paid out
of his retainer and this agreement was
made because stormy Daniels was leveling
false accusations about Trump and blah
blah blah blah blah it all seemed fairly
confusing and like it didn't fix
anything whatsoever yeah I mean the
tweets are just so great there's no like
Randa there never says witch-hunt
there's no exclamation point there's no
random parenthesis it's like it is a
sign that they realized that they truly
 this up and that someone who had
practice law in the last 17 years had to
do something to try to right the ship
hair like Giuliani did not write those
tweet he was too busy talking them Bob
cops of The Washington Post at 3:00 in
the morning so the question is like what
happens now I guess on the legal front
Muller and whatever prosecutors are
dealing with the Cohen case may or may
not move forward on additional charges
or certainly they got some new
information last night
and then I guess in the court of public
opinion I mean this morning Sarah
Huckabee Sanders was asked about this
why did the president lie to us for so
long and now she's using the excuse I
can't comment on ongoing litigation even
though that was not the case a few weeks
ago when she said that the president
knew nothing about these payments so
she's a straight shooter as we always
knew I mean it's just it seems as though
the White House has now been caught in
some pretty huge lies over this last
week in addition to lying about knowing
about the payments to stormy Daniels we
also had the story this week about
Trump's doctor president Trump's
longtime personal doctor Harold
Bernstein this week said the Trump
dictated to him what to write in a 2015
letter that stated he'd be quote the
healthiest individual ever elected to
the president which is the letter let me
tell you is a lot funnier when you have
in your mind that Trump actually
dictated the entire thing
Borenstein also said that trump's
bodyguard raided his office and
retrieved Trump's medical direct medical
wreck
this is pretty some pretty serious
allegations here right that they're not
allegations it's the truth I guess that
that the letter was phony about Trump's
health the trumps entire medical records
and that hold the clean bill of health
but his doctor gave him was completely
 during the campaign at the same
time his entire campaign was trying to
tell everyone that Hillary Clinton was
on her deathbed so two two pretty big
lies this week the lips are hungry
Sanders for a second because some people
furtherer as the press secretary I refer
to her as the martyr of American comedy
she it is she has gone out
she is the spokesperson for the for the
president states in the entire
government see is you and I know from
traveling with our press secretary
friends Jay Carney Robert Gibbs and Josh
earnest they are very prominent famous
people that everyone recognizes they are
supposed to speak to the country and
times of great crisis in need to brief
the country on what the president's
doing to respond to those crises and
needs and she has gone out and wide for
months about this now there are two ways
to think about this one is she was
telling the American public what the
president told her and I am willing to
believe that interpretation and if that
is the case two things
she is dangerously naive to believe that
someone with a long history of lying and
would not have given herself some wiggle
room here and so just repeating his lies
but if she even if she did believe it
then she should resign today in protest
because he made an absolute fool of her
in front of the nation in the world by
telling her by sending her out the lie
about this in any press secretary worth
their salt would resign over this or
which is also believable is that she
knew she was lying it didn't give a
because she does not believe the truth
is a thing that matters truth is
obstacle to a political means not an end
and I'm itself and this is like we
should not cross over this as a
political media culture like that the
New York Times who has done great
journalism so this is not in a Pulitzer
Prize when he journalism I'm told but
their Twitter account today said in
announcing and breaking the news that
Rudy Giuliani has now informed the
people that Trump this in line they said
based off Trump's tweets this morning
that President Trump reversed his
position on whether he knew about the
tape about whether he reversed his
position on whether he paid Michael
coming back yes position on cutting
Medicaid you reverse your position on
tax deductions this is a lie and there
is a look like there is a debate I have
strong feelings on other people feel the
other way about whether reporters should
call out lies like is it a lie when Paul
Ryan says that the tax cuts to pay for
selves I think so yes others would say I
know yes others are wrong but they would
say well he believes a different view
than you do right the you don't this is
a why this is just a why Trump knew he
paid Michael Cohen and he told the
people that he did full stop and don't
be afraid but there are some lies it has
to be called out and we're treating this
like it's a policy disagreement we can't
do that
hi I didn't rob the bank Oh what really
there's video of you actually robbing
the bank
oh I reverse my position on whether I
robbed the bank cool cool so they're all
liars the New York Times was afraid that
natural app and get in a limo in
TweetDeck or something I don't know yeah
no I'm sure the White House
Correspondents Association will release
a new statement how about how upset they
are that the administration has been
lying to them about the president's
health and whether he paid off
former mistresses hush money for the
last year that's probably something
they're gonna be very upset about I
don't know if that's maybe maybe it
still is in the spirit of unity with
which they held that dinner I've been
sitting on my White House Correspondents
Association dinner takes for a week now
and I'm not gonna let them out now
because there are more things that it's
got but I will make one point yes
is molest the lesson here and always is
do not associate yourself with Trump and
his minions because you will always end
up being embarrassed all those people
who rose is there how can be Sanders
defense because though Michelle wolf was
mean to her now
look foolish because she has been lying
to that which was at the crux of 98% of
Michelle Wolf's riff on Sarah her
clearance was she's a liar and we were
proved yet again that she is a liar
don't tweet don't feel the need to
appease them just keep your mouth shut
and you and you will find out once again
that they did something wrong well look
I'm sure because they're gross I'm sure
because they rose to her defense that
the White House isn't gonna call them
fake news anymore I'm sure they've you
know they all their embrace now by the
