welcome to plod save America I'm John
Favreau I'm John Lovett
Tommy Vitor later in today's pod we're
gonna talk to independent journalist
Marcy wheeler about president Trump's
meeting with Putin and about the latest
indictment in the Muller investigation
which includes the most detailed
accusations we've seen so far about
Russia's interference in the 2016
election lots to talk about today guys
on Friday American prosecutors indicted
a dozen Russian military operatives for
sabotaging our 2016 election by hacking
and stealing emails analytics and other
sensitive information from the
Democratic Party in the Clinton campaign
today at a press conference with
Vladimir Putin President Trump sided
with the Russian president over
America's own law enforcement and
intelligence agencies saying this quote
my people came to me Director of
National Intelligence dan coates came to
me and they said they think it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I'll say this I don't see any
reason why it would be guys any type I
know we deal with truly awful dishonest
unhinged Trump comments every hour of
every day but today really does feel
different to me there are a few moments
of the Trump presidency that I think
will truly stand out in history as the
most disgraceful Muslim ban
charlottesville family separations and
now I would include the Putin press
conference in Helsinki in front of the
entire world basically the president
noted States betrayed his own country to
defend one that sabotaged our own
elections I want to get your reactions
to this but first we have a special
guest in studio he tried to get a few
questions out at the press conference in
Helsinki but he flew back and he's here
with us today joining us on the pot is
Joe America hello it is me Joe America I
just returned from Helsinki I have to
say so you were watching different press
conference than me I saw men lead from
behind I was there obviously as
correspondent for NRA TV hired by a
lovely woman who owned furniture store
but also involved in politics deeply
strange
anyway I thought Trump did very good
very strong he is leading from behind
very far behind some people like to lead
from behind kind of close to the fronts
others lead from very far back that is
what I saw and feel like you people have
lost your mind side he was it was very
cool event very cool I was in some place
called Hall of Mirrors
Hall of Mirrors because it is on the
notes as you people say as I say
American on-the-nose anyway in are a
very good Pro America NRA times USA
forever ever thank you Joe America we
just thought we had to leaven this a
little bit it was it was a tough day bad
day of news and so thank you to Joe
America Tommy what did you uh what were
your reactions watching this Monday
morning well I just want to agree with
everything joe said but then they did
today did feel today felt different it
was it was it was well first of all it
was disgraceful I mean to watch
were used to Trump complaining about the
missing server and complaining about
Clinton and you know the election
results at at rallies or on Twitter but
like to see him do that at a joint press
conference with a foreign head of state
was just it outlined how crazy and
pathetic it actually is he didn't offer
even a mild rebuke of Putin not a single
harsh word he attacked Muller Hillary
the DNC stroke a Pakistani Channel man
like he was all over the map but not a
single word about election interference
all the things they're doing in Syria
alright anything else like he tried to
use the same rhetoric used on North
Korea to spin himself out of criticism
saying oh we should have had this
dialogue a long time ago before I got
the office or missing the fact that the
u.s. talked to Russia all the time in
fact you guys used to attack Obama over
the Russia reset all the time so it did
feel like the reaction was different too
we spent a couple hours in the office
just watching Fox News and they actually
were pretty hard on Trump a lot of
Republicans were hard on Trump so I
think we we learned something today you
can get criticized from the right if you
coddle Putin both sides debate between
literal Nazis and Klansmen and if you
show any compassion towards immigrants
by proposing a daca fix those are the
things will get you attacked by the
right in this country
love it do you want to do you want to do
a reaction and in the Jon Lovitz voice
yes sure I think that'd be better yeah
it was fascinating to watch in some ways
because this is not it's a it's both
surprising and not surprising it is not
surprising that Donald Trump stands next
to Putin and says exactly what he's been
saying all along right this is the exact
tenor he's taken the deeply strange and
and hard to explain
tenor that Trump has taken towards this
one country no problem standing next to
Merkel and criticizing her no problem
going after the UK an interview but
stands next to Putin and he can't find
can't find the words to be critical at
all he just shrinks and yet it is still
surprising and one thing that I thought
was really fascinating today and
watching the reaction is something
flipped I have never seen so many
reporters politicians including Chris
Wallace of Fox and and all the way to
NPR openly talking about whether or not
Vladimir Putin has damaging information
about Donald Trump I mean this is an
extraordinary thing we're so used to it
now because we've been hearing about
compromise for such a long time but that
were openly discussing it that to me
feels like the shift I mean we were
talking about this before we started
about what Adam Davidson said about us
reaching the endgame and this does feel
like feels like we're getting close to
the truth yeah but what happened what
what happens once we arrive at that
truth yeah is you know of much concern
to all of us with the Congress that we
have now but it does seem like we are
inching closer to the truth
I don't know if we're getting any closer
to the truth although I think we're
getting a lot closer to it being a
completely okay thing to say for
everyone to call and say I'm
just grateful that was I mean I cut back
from the press conference Anderson
Cooper Anderson Cooper's like that was
most disgraceful thing I've ever seen
from a president on foreign soil and
then you have Chuck Schumer doing a
press conference today where he said I'm
left to believe that they they have
compromising information on president
Trump I mean things that I think we're
seen as fringe or with things we kind of
joked about about the P tape are now
mainstream and real and I just think
like one thing that kept coming to my
head about the setting
was like there in Helsinki there in
Finland they share a border with Russia
they've had to build up their military
in recent years because there's a real
credible threat from the Russian
military right on their border and Trump
goes into this meeting by selling out
NATO and the EU and then he's coddling
Putin in this event in Helsinki I mean
it is terrifying these are like very
real stakes for the people living in a
country for the entire world and our
country looks like a joke you mentioned
Chuck Schumer I want to get to his
question from his press conference which
I think sort of sums it up which is what
could possibly cause President Trump to
put the interests of Russia over those
of the United States I think that's the
sort of the big question hanging over
all this but before we get there tell me
I want to take a step back a US official
directly involved with the Helsinki
summit told CNN this was not the plan so
what a moment of candor this wasn't the
plan why did they make that read treason
button to press at the event you didn't
see the treason coin they made with with
Putin and so my question was what was
the plan why have this meeting in the
first place what could the trump
administration possibly think the United
States would gain from this Putin wanted
this meeting right the easiest thing for
Trump and the Trump administration to do
would have just been to say no thanks
we're all good on the meeting this could
become very awkward Trump could say
something great why what were they
hoping to achieve with this meeting it's
easier to not fly to Helsinki than to
fly no one ever goes to Helsinki by
accident it seems like the only reason
they had this summit was because a whole
bunch of people told Trump not to have
the summit so yeah you're right he was
just hell-bent on doing it and
if you if you take him at his word he
thinks that if he's buddies with Putin
he can turn to him at dinner and say why
don't you knock it off in Syria or why
don't you help us out with North Korea
but that's just not how Putin works it's
not how the world works so it was
ill-considered there was no preparation
in his own team didn't seem to go into
this thing with much of a plan they
weren't allowed in half of the
meeting I mean there's those two
tranches that by the way very strange
like I think Obama probably had
one-on-one meetings with like Bibi
Netanyahu
or David Cameron with no notation her
staff yeah like really really close
allies the idea of going into a meeting
with Vladimir Putin with just a
translator is very odd
I mean maybe on the edges of a summit
you to pull aside pull aside maybe
there's something that is really
delicate that you only want to say in
the smallest possible setting or like
you don't trust Sergei Lavrov the
Foreign Minister if you're talking about
mid vetted when he was in power but this
is a weird this is setting Trump up for
failure because Trump is stupid and
Putin is pretty crafty so so now for the
big question is there is there any
explanation for Trump's love of Putin
and refusal to take Russia's election
sabotage seriously other than the
obvious one what is now the obvious one
which is that Russia has something on
Donald Trump and we should go through
what something could be because you know
everyone's like haha the P tape we joke
about the P tape all the time but
there's other things that he could have
over him there is there there could be a
financial reason right we've talked
about you know and Don jr. idiot Don
juniors that is before like a huge
cross-section of our assets are from
Russia we know that you know Trump
bought a whole bunch of properties in
cash there could be money laundering so
there could be that that was the
financial reasons there's also the very
simple one that if Russia did help Trump
well we I mean sorry if Trump did accept
Russia's help in the election if there
was collusion then Russia has that over
Trump right but so what what are the
what possible explanations could there
be for this that don't involve having
something on try having leverage on
Donald Trump so there's one there is one
and this is where you have this overlap
of the fact that the Trump characters
like overwritten right because it would
be enough for him to be a TV host with
like a personality disorder and it would
be enough for him to be a compromised
foreign agent criminal but it's both at
all times and there is absolutely truth
to the idea that if Donald Trump were to
admits that the Russians interfere with
the election to help him win it would be
admitting that in some way his election
is illegitimate and is absolutely true
and he's not as great as he thinks it's
not as great as he think he is
his ego can take
it's too embarrassing he would he would
he just can't he can't bring himself to
concede that and so no information can
confirm that to him I think that that is
a reasonable part not all of it it's a
reasonable part of of his behavior I
don't think it's enough to explain the
slavish slavish slavish slavish devotion
to Vladimir Putin the refusal to
criticize him on any front right because
the the the reason that that explanation
is not enough is because Donald Trump is
not just solicitous of Putin on the
issue of Russian interference he's also
solicited as a Putin on the issue of
Ukraine and Crimea and NATO and NATO and
Europe and all the rest and elevating
Putin and being so kind to Putin so I
don't believe that just the narcissistic
explanation is a and I think the biggest
reason or the narcissistic explanation
is not sufficient is that Donald Trump's
praise of Vladimir Putin did not begin
after the election once it was revealed
that Russia interfered in the election
right all through the 2016 campaign he
praised Vladimir Putin and played
praised him as a strong man and said and
excused the murder of journalists and
and and imprisoned and all the human
rights abuses that he had he did that
all through 2016 maybe he just digs
kleptocrats with authoritarian
tendencies who you know are into white
ethno states yeah I think that that
there is a true as a kindred there's
well that's the kindred spirit X okay
spirit theory there's that he has
leverage over them there's the ego
there's the kindred spirit we're both
authoritarians just sitting here in the
world in 2018 trying to figure just
trying to figure our way through the
world a couple of couple of P tapes I
just like one really weird thing
from this press conference I got some
attention in his opening statement Trump
said oh you're going with this he
brought up Russian interference with
Putin and then he was like but I'll let
Vladimir address it directly because he
raised an interesting idea
so then Putin like twenty minutes later
it goes on to say that the Russian
Federation will let Muller come to
Russia and Russian officials will
interview the Russians that Muller wants
extradited and that representative from
the team can sit in on that but there's
a big catch which is that Putin wants
access to US persons including Intel
officers agents whatever week
committed illegal acts against Russia
then he cites Bill Browder wrote a book
called red notice who's this like
billionaire who was basically driven out
of Russia because he was trying to fight
for his friend Sergei Magnitsky who was
killed there's a great pot save the
world on this check it out and says that
Browder's associates funneled money to
Clinton so it seems to me that the
interesting idea is that we give over us
Intel agents to Putin to be questioned
and harassed and maybe bill Browder to
like what the that's uninteresting
batshit crazy Donald Trump's called it a
great idea tastico idea literally like a
plot of literally the plot of the
villains of the film Specter and it's
like boot all putin had to do was was
cite the idea that Clinton might have
gotten money somehow in this scheme he's
like oh great my default fall guy
Hillary Clinton let's go there yeah that
was that was pretty weird right that was
pretty weird
yes right is the it's the it's the the
idea that you know like he hears from
Putin he hears from US intelligence who
can decide right that's it's the other
it's the underlying explanation for how
you could say something so ludicrous so
the White House spin on this which they
you know funneled through Jonathan Swan
of Axios was his brain can't process the
collusion and cyber attacks are two
different things
is one that's not spin here's a tip
whenever you're a White House official
telling a reporter the president's brain
can't process ex-boss too dumb yeah this
isn't a crime thing the prisons brains
all broke and we got a broken president
brain and it's a classic case of broken
president brain and everyone's getting
all crazy because they think that some
crimes happening really just that the
president can't process simple facts
he's got a McRib stuck in there 86 it's
mostly special sauce up there next their
next explanation he seems
constitutionally incapable of taking
anything more refined seriously again
when you say that the president is
constitutionally incapable of something
that's a problem and then they also went
on to tell Swan that a lot of them are
not proud of the man they work for
you're kidding well yeah well keep a
hold we won't hold our breaths for the
resignations you cowards have been
saying that since
Charles Ville and not one of you has
quit in protest just a quick shout out
to Reuters and the AAP by the way they
did a great job at that press conference
and really like asked him simple
questions and he up like it yes
the model it was it was quite good you
know I mean look I think the upshot of
this is whatever the reason Donald Trump
is in this for himself he only cares
about himself his own interest his own
ego saving his ass whatever it may be he
is not thinking about the United States
he's not thinking about America's
interests it is not just on this issue
it is on every single issue in
every decision he's made in every
statement he's uh turd since he's become
president the man does not care about
anyone but himself he will throw his
family under the bus he will throw his
aides under the bus he will throw the
United States under the bus and he will
throw the United States allies under the
bus and he showed all of that during
that press conference and today was a
disgrace and there's pretty universally
immediately described as such but
remember the Trump people described the
Access Hollywood tape release date is
this big inflection point where you
either with Donald you a ride-or-die for
Trump or you were not and you were out
of the club permanently he was he has
trained everyone around him to have
blind loyalty and the only people that
will be able to weather this with him
will tell him that he was great so
they're never gonna course correct
they're never gonna fix this even if it
gets hammered from the outside although
as you as you mentioned you guys
mentioned we talked about some of the
reactions let's go through some of the
reactions from conservatives and
Republicans because I don't think I've I
don't think I've seen anything like this
since the Access Hollywood tape from
bored Charlottesville or Charlottesville
yeah one of the most disgraceful
performances by an American president in
memory Republican Senator John McCain
shameful Republican Senator Jeff Flake
an affront to American democracy GOP
Congressman Peter Roskam I've seen in
Russian intelligence manipulate many
people in my career I never thought the
US president would be one of them
Republican congressman and former CIA
agent will hurt disgusting Fox host Neil
Cavuto an idiot savant
Geraldo know that is also a backhanded
compliment no negotiation is worth
throwing your own people and country
under the bus
Abbey Huntsman
Fox & Friends host and daughter of US
ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman who
sat there and did nothing and is somehow
still ambassador today yeah not really
maybe get your dad on the blower Abbey
see what he thinks
um so you know obviously everyone on
Twitter where all these Republicans make
