we are very lucky on the pod today to
have former vice president of the United
States Joe Biden with us it's great to
be with you John it really is
you guys have an enormous success it's
amazing well thank you
it is amazing no no no I'm serious did
you ever think that you'd have this kind
of following for a podcast I mean you
guys are it's really amazing it's
important anyway thank you thank you
thank you
um so we want to start with something
serious you've recently challenged
Donald Trump to a fight you know it's
important that we get the messaging
around this right so we did want to run
a few of the names that we were
considering for the fight by you and you
just you stopped me when you feel like
we've hit a winner
Scranton squabble look nagas saga 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue
the Donny Joe Donnybrook the big
duel or Sparra lago i think they're all
good guys but what i did say was the way
this came up and I shouldn't have said
what I said I shouldn't have brought it
up again because I don't wanna get down
in the mosh pit with this guy what I did
say back when he was running when he
made these comments about being able to
grab women in their private places and
so on and so forth all that I was asked
during the campaign whether or not do I
regret not being able to debate Trump
and I said you know if we were in high
school and I did this again I said if we
were in high school and he said that the
presence of my sister I would take him
behind the gym now the idea that I would
actually physically get in a contest
with the president of United States or
anybody else now is not what I said
and it is not what this was about but I
should have just left it alone but look
guys I was you you guys know me
one of the passions of my life is ending
violence against women and I was on a
campus talking about how how men on
campuses have an obligation to protect
women have an obligation not to engage
in degrading talk have an obligation to
step up and women have an obligation
when one of their classmates is abused
to be able to help them get help
know what to do speak out speak up and
that's what when the president I did
this and you guys were part of it it's
on us that's what it was about she was
in the context of talking about the
abuse of women and the truth of the
matter is I find the the behavior the
talk vulgar I find it too grainy and I
think what it does it does encourage the
minority element of a male population to
think it's okay to engage in the
behavior the president talks about so
that was a context and I did say I used
again in high school I never ever at any
time said I would like to personally
physically etc and but but it is I I
think it's important to continue to make
the point women are entitled to be
treated with respect dammit and it's
about time we men stand up we got to be
part of the solution and there's a lot
of really good men matter of fact I'm
going up in New York and I'm presenting
awards that we came out of the the it's
on us campaign for women and men who
were heroes who step in and stop people
from doing what they're doing in the
context of this was I said any
fraternity brother who sees one of his
brothers with a freshman girl who's
drunk start to walk up the stairs with
that young woman if they don't walk over
and say not in my house not in my house
there are coward now maybe the guys 250
pounds and you're 150 pounds you don't
have to confront them physically but you
have to say to everybody look what
Charly's do
she got a step up that was the context
and but I shouldn't have said it I
shouldn't have repeated what I had said
during the campaign about if we were in
high school so sir right now
John Bolton is getting read into the
most sensitive intelligence we have
covert action programs war plans you're
putting your hands over your face what
do you think about Trump making John
Bolton a national security adviser and
more broadly the conventional wisdom a
month ago was that McMaster Tillerson
maddis were restraining Trump do you
think that was true then and are we in
deep trouble now with Bolton and Pompeyo
going to state look you know youyou sat
in that situation room with me there
with the president and over eight years
we spent thousand hours in that room the
most sensitive material that is
available on the planet it's discussed
in that room and I got to remind
everybody why there is a thing called a
national security adviser
the national security adviser started
back in the 40s but it really came into
its own in the Kennedy administration
because he thought he was ill served in
the Cuban Missile Crisis was to have one
person who had the capacity to read in
everybody not to not to be an editor but
to say this is mr. president this is
what the State Department says just what
the Defense Department's was the DI the
DNI says this is what the CIA says
that's what defense intelligence says
this is what and so everybody's view is
brought in on critical issues of life
and death and national security and I
held extensive hearings as framer in the
Foreign Relations Committee when John
Bolton was seeking to be nominated as
the UN Ambassador and I can document for
you that Bolton has two modus operandi
when he was a state what he would do is
he would shade
intelligence to move it in the direction
where he wanted to go
you could not there is many instances
for him giving a not completely
straightforward analysis of what the
intelligence said secondly anyone who
disagreed with him he tried to get rid
of him yeah I mean that's in the record
and that's why Republicans joined me and
defeated him defeated him in the
committee mm-hmm now he got recess
appointed right by President Bush but
there was a reason for that
the single worst place in the world to
have John Bolton I mean is in Syria is
it the place where it's requires
somebody who will not impose their view
will make sure the president knows every
perspective in his government or her
government and then will recommend to
the president mr. president I think
States writer I think defense is right
or whatever but it is not to cut off
access and this guy is a history of
cutting off access to points of view
that don't agree with him so it is a
virtual disaster and it's the way it is
totally inconsistent with the reason why
it was set up to have a national
security adviser and one of the first
issues they'll take up is likely to be
North Korea back in January you are
asked if you agree with Mike Mullen who
said that the US has never been closer
to a nuclear war with North Korea
you agreed has your assessment changed
since President Trump agreed to talks
with Kim jong-un do you think that was
the right decision
look let me say first of all I agree
with Mullen at the time because all the
rhetoric was escalating yeah and what
Admiral Mullen who you worked with as
well and you know how highly regarded he
is across the spectrum and is about as a
political as you possibly get Admiral
Mullen and I were worried it turned out
by the same thing I was my dad used to
have an expression
only war that's worse than worse than
one that's intended is one that's
unintended the escalatory language with
a guy who is as our former boss would
say you know banging a spoon on a high
chair for attention who is smart like a
fox but is I wash I can't get into class
of information about the profile them
but but is may or may not be stable they
are not may or may not react to threats
and insults with a man who let's assume
his intentions are all good our
president who knows virtually nothing
about foreign policy doesn't know the
background I don't believe has had time
and it's understand we didn't he was you
know it was a businessman but I wish
he'd listened more to people around him
and and to not fully understand that
without South Korea without Japan and
without some modus vivendi with China
and some motifs of ending with Russia
this going long route is could be
disastrous in a misunderstanding now I
think we have to give the president
credit for saying that he's willing to
sit down and talk I think that makes
sense if if he it's not like a business
of negotiation for building a new hunter
story tower it's a different deal here
and so what presidents Democrat
Republican have historically done when
they've had dramatic breakthroughs like
let's say he sits down and they agreed
to a pause and everything and what
usually happens that is you turn into
this and not a single meeting this
requires a process and so you turn it
over to the most informed and the best
minds in your government
to figure out how do you work out what
would be the elements in agreement so my
question and I don't expect it hits
earth and he shouldn't have to is what
is his endgame what does he think
constitutes a good agreement what does
he think that is number one number two
is he going to be able to and does he
have the right people to coordinate and
and and work with the Japanese the South
Koreans are friends so that we don't end
up as being the odd man out and trying
to do something North Korea and thirdly
I think it's really important that we
understand that and I hope he
understands that this is a process the
idea I can't think of I when I got to
United States and as a 29 year old kid
not a joke the reason I ran for the
Senate was showed I could not win but
the governor seat they showed I could
have won and people why don't you run
for governor well the reason I didn't
run for governor is because of my my
overarching interest in foreign policy
and so when I got on the Foreign
Relations committees youngest man ever
on that committee and appointed when I
was you know and never happened when I
was 32 years old I knew the only way you
could have any impact the only game in
town was us-soviet relations and the
only game and that was arms control and
national security strategic weapons so I
spent a lot of time a lot of time trying
to master that field I mean working like
the devil with some really really good
people or my seniors and I know how much
work it took for me to able to get my
head around all of this I don't know I
don't doubt the president Trump is has a
high IQ that he's bright that he's well
educated but that's not enough you have
to be substantively informed but he's
not at all well it appears everything
I've seen so far he's not so you know my
dear god rest her soul my mother would
say hope
brings a turtle maybe he is really gone
de I don't want to what I don't want to
do is jinx this for him and say it's a
failure if I were advising a Democratic
president as I did advise a Democratic
president I'd advise them to try to
engage in discussions if you had a
willing partner saying okay I'm willing
to sit down and actually talk about the
whole deal we never got there
because he never was willing to and now
now Kim is saying okay I'm willing to
talk well there should be talks but I
pray to God that he is been serious
enough to make sure that he has really
informed people with him and he knows at
the front end what his objective is but
see here's I don't want to do my
instinct is you know for Democrats
particularly say well this guy knows
nothing this guy is a bad guy this guy
is the president the note he's doing
what's he and just just dumped all over
what he's trying to do well you know
this is a moment where there's a
possibility of getting something good to
happen but it takes a awful lot of
really really really really hard work
and a lot of luck yeah and so I don't
want to condemn it but I don't I I'm not
I'm not betting my second mortgage I
want to talk a little bit about the
state of our politics you're the one oh
bomber would always send to make deals
with Republicans in Congress we've
always had good relationships with a lot
of the Senate Republicans did I call you
go ahead I look at this party in 2018
the Republican Party Mitch McConnell
held a Supreme Court seat open for a
year he refused to sign on to a
bipartisan statement that Russia was
attacking our election before the
election happened friends of yours in
the Senate like Lindsey Graham some of
trumps biggest enablers they're not
protecting Muller at what point do you
say I can't reason with these people the
only thing I can do is
to feed them what is that line well I
think you have to say both I think you
have to say I got to continue to try to
raise them as long as they're in power
and if they continue the path to GUI and
I'm gonna try to defeat them so it's not
either-or John you know you and I know
and I used to remember a lot of the new
guys that commands a lot of really
really bright new people that the
president brought in what an incredible
president he was but they brought in
there was you you'd often hear me say
John you know you can't assume all these
guys are idiots up there because a lot
of our team knew thought well you know
congressman they can't be very smart I
remember getting a bunch together I
think you remember I pointed out that
that the collective IQ of these guys is
pretty high even on the house side no by
the way by the way let me give you a
factoid when Newt Gingrich took over the
Congress in the 90s everybody said
they're all a bunch of idiots guess what
85% of those people that advanced degree
some IB institutions smartass but it
shows that brains don't provide judgment
right okay I remember having a debate
with the what the gym with the Chief
Justice Supreme Court Rehnquist when
there's a tradition where the Judiciary
Committee Chairman goes up and sits for
an hour before the budget has passed
with the chairman with the court so they
can they can gracefully lobby for what
they need we need a new building we need
a new this we need to do that and they
wanted a pay raise and I said I was one
of the few that supported a pay raise if
we didn't have the guts to raise our pay
we should have been raised in the pay of
the courts and he started off and he
said I can understand why why the public
doesn't support the congressmen for
making having a parents but we deserve
it and I said that's not a way to get
this done she and he sat there and he
was very up and I said look chief I said
you think you're above politics but I
said if I'm not mistaken
you work for the Republican Party you
campaign for this job you challenge
people in lyon whether they were
qualified to vote i said i didn't ask
anybody except the people I didn't go to
any an interest group to get me elected
and I said in chief I'm the only one and
I was the only one I think I to this day
was the only one who had the unredacted
FBI files because all my colleagues
trusted me and I never once revealed a
single thing only one I think in history
not positive that and I said so I know
every one of the judges I hope I preside
over 520 of them I said I will match the
collective and IQ the average IQ of the
United States Senate against the court
we had seven Rhodes Scholars 14 Marshall
scholars we had over 40 people graduate
at number one in the class I said so
come on chief you all ain't that smart
no but I'm serious there's this thing
yeah and so what I'm trying to say I'm
out of when your your question John is
that if you notice even when I went up
to try to work things out the most
important thing it's okay to disagree
with their judgment and say I'm against
you I'm gonna work against you but what
we do too often we in this town is we
question motive we say the reason you're
doing the do is because you're either
stupid or you're in the pocket of this
or you are you are not ethical or you're
not a religious man a woman etc when you
do that you can never get to go you can
never get to an agreement so I start
over there so I think you're an ugly son
and by the way the way and I really
think that you are an obnoxious person
but let's see if we can work this out
that's the Trump style well it is it is
this style that's why he's not working
much out right right that's my point
yeah and so the thing you watch me do
John everybody up there knew I respect
to them and I never questioned their
motive but I went after the judgment as
hard as anybody and our administration
ever did so to answer your question it's
okay
me too to go after in terms of
challenging Mitch's judgment on the
courts and say why he's ruining the
system why he's undermining the Khan
which I did but without saying the
reason you're doing that is because
you're worried that if you hold these
series the Koch brothers are going to
come in and put ten million dollars into
your race which might have been true I
called 12 members of the Republican
Party
I have long relationships with when they
wouldn't hear oh wow what was absolutely
unimpeachable guy that we picked to be a
Supreme Court justice
all but one acknowledged what they were
doing was wrong
privately they all said no you don't
understand you you don't understand
if I go ahead and call for the assyrians
I'm gonna get challenged from the right
they're gonna pour millions of dollars
into my race look at what's happened
John Republicans only knew loose from
the right not the left yeah and
Democrats only lose from the left not
the right
so that's why the bad news about
unlimited spending and gerrymandering is
guess what both parties are moving
towards the polls the edges now I
respect people have those views but tell
me guys how can you possibly meet the
needs of the American people without
reaching a consensus our whole system
requires a consensus not my way or the
highway that purity test there are
certain principles and by the way you've
watched me I'm going to say some
outrageous I have never ever ever ever
voted for anything I thought was wrong
even when it has cost me dearly at home
in the middle of us most single most
extensive busing order in all of the
United States history in my state I
voted against an amendment in a deciding
vote to keep they allow the course to
keep busing as a remedy because there's
certain things worth losing over but so
that's not about me there's a lot of
people have done that my generic point
is this is you've got to be able to talk
and now you know for example why
when I go out and I speak to the
Democratic caucus I've done a lot of
campaigns and I talk about you have to
you have to compromise you have to
compromise a principle but you got a
compromise on getting the really
critical things the American people need
done you can't get it all well you know
I get a lot of pushback from the new
left in the Democratic Party and by the
way I take a back seat to no one and on
my liberal credentials
I was rated to you the 4th to the 7th
most liberal senator in a 36 years I was
there remind everybody I'm the guy that
came out for gay marriage I'm the guy
that well I'm the guy you know it's like
