yes welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
later in the pod you'll hear from three
candidates that Tommy interviewed for an
upcoming episode of pod save the world
that spotlights 2018 candidates with
national security and military
backgrounds he talked with Jesse Colvin
the Democratic candidate in Maryland's
first congressional district
Abigail Spann burger from Virginia 7th
and Lauren Baer and Florida's 18th the
full interviews will go out on
Wednesdays pod save the world but check
out different portions of them today so
also our first of four HBO specials will
be Friday night in Miami it will air at
11:00 p.m. Eastern the next three
specials will be in Austin Philadelphia
in Irvine California will also be
shifting the pod scheduled a little bit
during this run new episodes will come
out on Monday and Wednesday afternoons
for the next few weeks and then catch us
on HBO on Friday nights at 11:00 and I
believe it will also air again on Sunday
nights at 11:30 after John Oliver also a
whole bunch of states are coming up on
their deadlines for voter registration
check out if your state's one of them at
vote save America calm you'll also be
able to learn about more opportunities
to link up with people and do things
where you live it will really make a
difference check it out all right and
this is uh this is the last time I want
to talk about Brett Cavanaugh
for a while oh really it's gonna be our
 wives for 30 years I know well
we're gonna have to talk about him again
but I at least want to break after this
since we've been all kavanah all the
time on this pod
the man who responded to multiple
allegations of sexual assault by blaming
Democrats and threatening that what goes
around comes around was nevertheless
confirmed as the Supreme Court justice
by the smallest margin of any nominee in
a hundred and forty years two Republican
no votes would have killed the
nomination but in the end only one
Republican senator was troubled by
Cavanaugh's conduct temperament or
ability to be impartial alaska's lisa
murkowski Alaska's Lisa
Kowski susan collins the only other
potential swing vote supported Cavanaugh
and said she did not believe that he
assaulted dr. Christine Blasi Ford after
learning that Collins was a yes and the
Cavanaugh would be confirmed no matter
what Democrat Joe Manchin of West
Virginia also voted yes and that was
that Dan let's start with Susan Collins
who gave a speech explaining her vote on
Friday afternoon what was your reaction
to that speech and do you think she was
always a yes that speech was essentially
the a very long arduous recitation of
Trump Whitehouse and McConnell Senate
office talking points yeah it dealt with
none of the major issues it alighted
major facts it cited cases that should
have been an enactment to other things
that Susan Collins has claimed she
believed in and she she made a case for
Susan Collins being a partisan
Republican and not some sort of key
swing vote moderate voice of conscious
in the Senate she is pretty it she is
what she is what she is and we should we
have known this you and I have talked
about this if this isn't Collins has
been telling us for a month that she is
a yes yeah he was a yes before the
allegations because she was the only
person who sat down with Brett Kavanaugh
and came away with the impression that
he would preserve roe v wade which you
had to really twist herself into some
sort of judicial pretzel to believe but
she did that nonetheless she pointed out
to all of us that she had voted for
every Supreme Court nominee who would
ever come up from nominated by a
president of either party during her
Senate tenure and I think we ascribed
like she would serve a warrant a false
were shocked test for those folks like
us who were desperately looking for hope
and folks like the media who were
desperately looking for some sort of
hero in this or some sort of he you know
sort of narrative to hear about this she
was always going to be a yes and there
was we know that and nothing we get in
her way including very credible
allegations of sexual assault
a partisan temper tantrum and obvious
documented lie under oath before the
Senate on multiple occasions yeah I mean
if you go back and look at every
statement that Susan Collins has made
since the moment that Brett Kavanaugh
was nominated it is hard to find any
hint that she might have opposed his
nomination and that's not true by the
way with Lisa Murkowski statements Lisa
Murkowski generally kept her own counsel
during this and didn't make too many
statements but you could sort of tell
that Murkowski could like I always
thought that the most likely knows in
order were Murkowski and then flake
because who knows what flake might do
sometimes and then Collins and that's
not because I thought Jeff Flake was
gonna end up being some hero it's just
because Collins just everything she said
seemed like she wanted to get to yes and
look I I read her speech last night I
didn't see it
when she delivered it but I sort of read
it last night as we were preparing for
the pod I mean there's a case to be made
that she genuinely believes in her own
mind that he won't overturn roe v wade
that he is this model of judicial
temperament or whatever like she might
have convinced herself of that I don't
know but when you read that speech she
started the speech by attacking
Democrats for opposing Kavanagh when he
was announced like the whole beginning
of the speech was just an attack on
Democrats was incredibly partisan
especially for Susan Collins she also
talked about how she's always voted for
Supreme Court nominees whether they're
liberal or conservative and she did vote
for Roberts Alito Sotomayor Kagan
Gorsuch so she does have this record of
voting for Supreme Court nominees no
matter which party or no one you know no
matter who they're nominated by what the
president's party is the exception of
course is she didn't do much when
 Mitch McConnell wouldn't give
Merrick garland to hearing shouldn't do
anything I would love to be there with
Susan Collins hears about this whole
Americana thing because she seems to
have either been asleep during it or
have conveniently forgotten about it
because it was it is the context for all
of this and she conclude the ignored it
completely ignored it
which you know McConnell
when he did the garland thing part of
that was giving some of his members
cover like Collins to not have to face
what an awful thing he did because he's
like it I'll take the rap for this
I'm the majority leader I'm the one who
has all the power to not give Merrick
garland a hearing and you can all say
whatever you want that's what you do
with power and then also and this is
important she didn't really say this in
her speech so much but she said this on
CNN that she that she doesn't believe
she believes that dr. Christine Blasi
Ford was attacked sexually assaulted she
doesn't believe it was Brett Kavanaugh
so she believes Susan Collins believes a
theory that was almost universally
condemned as a crazy conspiracy when it
was floated by Ed Whelan Brett
Cavanaugh's friend who used to be at the
center on ethics and public policy
whatever the it was called the
conspiracy theory that when dr.
Christine Blasi Ford said that she was a
hundred percent certain that it was
Brett Kavanaugh who attacked her she was
just suffering from a case of mistaken
identity and it was actually someone who
looked like Brett Kavanaugh that's what
Susan Collins believes to be true she
didn't say I actually don't know who's
telling the truth and who's lying she
didn't say that no no she went with the
conspiracy theory about the Cavanaugh
doppelganger
so yeah I'm I'm pretty sure she was
already in the yes camp this is an
important point because you sort of have
to call on what is happening
here which is put aside Trump and the in
the sort of the far-right Magga heads
but what mainstream Republicans do
extent that that the terminal exists
want to do is have it both ways they
want to claim to be people who in the me
to era believe victims but in Congress
team forward credible but they also want
they want to be able to say that and
then also vote is this she was lying
because it is one or the other if you
say she is credible then you have to to
believe that she is correct when she
says that she's one percent certain that
Brent Cavanaugh attacked her and you
can't have it both ways and people
in susan house is trying to get away
with that yeah and it's just it's
ridiculous
it's the fights you know she might as
well have pulled out her Zillow maps now
I think I think two of the most
politically difficult no votes were from
Lisa Murkowski and from North Dakota's
Heidi Heitkamp who is the only 2018
Senate Democrat who's actually trailing
in the polls right now what did you
think about why they made the decisions
they did these two women and what did
you think about their reasoning you a
Republican a Democrat those who did the
right thing without regard to political
consequences Heidi Heitkamp took a huge
risk she could have gone to joe Manchin
route and just voted yes when the when
it wouldn't have affected the outcome
and she didn't do that and Lisa
Murkowski just stood up against a lot of
pressure from McConnell and Trump and
everyone else and did the right thing
and we should applaud that yeah oh
absolutely and you know especially
Heitkamp - I mean Murkowski ZUP in in
2022 she is sort of used to pissing off
her party a little bit right she and
we've talked about this before but she
won her last race with a write-in
campaign because of further right
Republican won the Republican nomination
and and Murkowski still won just with
the write-in campaign which is pretty
incredible so she has somewhat of a
track record of doing this Heidi
Heitkamp I have to say she is not in the
past been known to make very politically
tough decisions and votes being in deep
deep read North Dakota a state that
Trump won by what 36 points 40 points
someone will correct me it's a
line and she's up she's in the race of
her life she only won her last race by a
couple tenths of a point and now she's
in this race and she's trailing in the
polls and every consultant every poll
probably told her you know the smart
thing to do is just vote YES on this and
and move on she could have done with
like you said she could done with Joe
Manchin that she could have waited to
see how Collins voted realized that the
nomination
going through anyway and said it
I'm just gonna vote yes cuz it's gonna
be political easy and she didn't and
that is something that is something very
admirable and something very rare in
politics I also thought it was
interesting how high camps reasoning and
Murkowski is reasoning both sorted
centered around the inability of
Cavanaugh to serve as an impartial
justice on the court and it went to his
temperament in the hearings Heitkamp
said in addition to the concerns about
his past conduct last Thursday's hearing
called into question judge Cavanaugh's
temperament honesty and impartiality and
she later said on 60 minutes quote I saw
a level of anger and combativeness that
I thought was not something that would
qualify you to sit on the Supreme Court
similarly Murkowski said quote I have a
very high standard
this judiciary must be perceived as
independent as nonpartisan as fair and
balanced and in my conscience I could
not conclude the Kavanagh is the right
person for the court at this time so I
think it's interesting sort of as a
almost a road not taken' for Democrats
and we can talk about that later that
you know while the issue of the sexual
assault allegations became incredibly
divisive there was a way for red state
Democrats and Republicans in purple
states like Markowski and to look at the
situation and say whatever you believe
about what happened 35 years ago this
man has proven over the last couple
weeks that he is not fit to sit on the
court because he has threatened partisan
revenge against Democrats and said that
they made up this whole thing to attack
him like you know I just I think that
was an interesting set of reasons I
think you and I should it's important to
point out that we have been making the
argument for months that voting against
Kavanagh is actually the best politics
mmm matter what state you're in for a
Democrat whether you're in a red state a
blue state or a purple state and I think
that it's still the case for Heitkamp
but it is a very close call for sure and
so and she did this against the advice
of a lot of people and we should applaud
her for it and it reminds me of
when we were in the White House back in
2010 and the Affordable Care Act vote
was coming up and there were a lot of a
lot of Democrats in pretty red districts
who had a choice to make and they were
they were being told by a lot of
political consultants and reporters that
if they voted for the Affordable Care
Act they would lose can they vote did
the right thing because they knew they
might lose anyway
and if you're gonna lose you might as
well be able to look for something
endearing for the rest of time I think
hi Heidi head can't did that and we
should applaud her and we should help
her because she still has a shot to win
this thing it would be a 1 she should be
rewarded for doing the right thing in
two it would be an important political
less of the Democrats coming forward but
if she can win this race that there is
value in doing the right thing at the
police political explain anything trying
to win the argument is supposed to avoid
the argument what you too often resonate
Democrats try to do and I will say too
when you look back at that Affordable
Care Act vote a lot of people who took a
vote for the Affordable Care Act did end
up losing some Democrats but some
Democrats who voted against the
Affordable Care Act in the house some of
the Blue Dogs they lost to there was it
wasn't it wasn't necessarily true that
it you know the politics of voting
forward or against it weren't
necessarily clear in the context of an
overall way of election where Democrats
got crushed is that right the and you're
in a similar situation here where were
there no Kavanagh more there no Kavanagh
controversy Heidi Heitkamp would be
favored to lose that race right just
because it's North Dakota and she won in
a presidential election year where
Democrats tend to do better and so now
she and we're in a midterm and it's
North Dakota day and states like North
Dakota have become even more polarized
in the Trump era because it's a pretty
homogeneously white state and so she
might have lost anyway so you just don't
know yeah what we don't we don't know
what would have happened here either way
and so you got to just do the right
thing because you win the day after
election win or lose and you should feel
good about your time in office yeah
now let's turn to two Democratic Senate
candidates who ultimately supported
Cavanaugh's nomination West Virginia
senator
mansion and Tennessee's Phil Bredesen
mansion said that he had reservations
about his vote because of the
accusations and because of Cavanaugh's
temperament but found him to be a
qualified jurist that was a quote as for
bredesen he said that the allegations
against Cavanaugh quote didn't rise to
the level of being disqualifying ah dan
why do you think they voted this way
well I think in some cases we look at
red state Democrats and we presume and
I've worked for it a lot of residents
that they are true progressives who were
they in bluer States would feel more
comfortable being progressive right they
kind of sand the edges down they make a
bargain with themselves to get by in
these red states you're gonna have to do
a couple things you don't really like or
not or not do something's you want to do
in order to continue to be in the Senate
and give them ensure the Democrats
control the Senate is the most important
vote that any House or Senate member
makes is for the leader right yeah and
whether Nancy Pelosi or Chuck Schumer
have the gavel I don't think joe Manchin
is one of those secret closet
progressives who were you know were
there to be an influx of hipster
Millennials from Williamsburg Brooklyn
who moved into West Virginia he would
all of a sudden become Bernie Sanders
might I don't think that is I think that
this is who Joe Manchin is yes what do
you think about living just in it I
don't know I mean he Phil Bredesen was
when he was governor was very similar as
I mentioned and maybe and I don't even
know that it's it I think that there is
a I don't know enough to know whether
whether they like what their views are
on Brett Kavanaugh specifically but I
think they simply do a little from
column a a little from column B when it
comes to politics well then we call them
red little from column one and this is
something from the column right that
they think will give them permission and
do something around the Affordable Care
Act because that's the thing about your
mansion is he has had many opportunities
even before the formal Care Act was
implemented
to torpedo a and he has refused to do
that and now he may have sort of done
that under the table by giving his vote
to someone who will likely rule against
the formal character in court but Soviet
and so we you know it's it's really I
don't really know what to do I'm really
torn about this because I if you can't
stand up on the most important thing
possible by guys I pointed out you the
other day but I did a little math and my
daughter's four months old and if Brett
Kavanaugh served on the court until he
was Ruth Bader Ginsburg's age my
daughter would be 32 and so if you can't
stand up on an issue like this what's
the good of having in the party but if
we don't have your mansion and Phil
Bredesen we don't have a majority and
it's just Mitch McConnell for the rest
of our lives right I do I do think that
I mean we can talk about whether this
was good politics for them in their
states I think we don't know for sure
but if they thought that voting YES
would endear them to Republicans in any
way at least joe Manchin then got a
surprise when Donald Trump jr.
the the brilliant Donald Trump jr.
tweeted a real Profile in Courage from
lyin liberal Joe Manchin waited until
Cavanaugh had enough votes secured
before he announced his support I bet he
had another press release ready to go if
Collins went the other way
West Virginia vote for Maggie champion
champion Patrick Morrissey
Patrick right yeah so that was I mean
which just really illustrates the point
that we have made on all of these tough
votes if in fact Democrats are taking
votes with Trump or with Republicans in
order to show that their bipartisan are
somehow stave off Republican attack ads
on that particular issue they're fooling
themselves because the Republican attack
