Alex you recently reported that
President Trump promised Kim jong-un
that he would sign a declaration to end
the Korean War a quick reminder that the
Korean War ended with an armistice but
not an official peace treaty so
technically they would need this next
step to happen um why is this promised
creating problems now for Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo as he tries to hammer
out the final details of a deal with
North Korea sure so it's it's kind of
bricks down to the current impasse in
the negotiations right the United States
wants North Korea to give up all of its
nuclear weapons and give a list of its
entire arsenal its facilities etc etc
and the US and sorry and North Korea
wants a peace treaty and so when Trump
tells Kim jong-un that he wants a peace
that he would sign a peace declaration
what that really means is that Trump
would be moving in the direction of
giving North Korea what it wants moving
the direction of the peace treaty and
that's a big deal for Pompeo because
Pompeo consistently has been authorized
to ask for a lot of weapons up front
from Kim jong-un and basically this
comes down to the North Korean saying
your president has told us that he's
going to sign this declaration why are
you asking us for all of our weapons and
quite literally has told pump air in the
room call your president
so Trump has caused a massive issue from
Pompeo and at this point it almost seems
like they don't want to deal with Pompeo
but ret would rather deal with trumpet
as well so what it seems like we're
learning is not only with nothing
accomplished at the Singapore summit
even though President Trump declared
shortly afterwards that the threat from
North Korea's nuclear weapons program
was now gone but it sounds like in fact
we have may have given up far more than
we initially understood because he made
this promise to sign a peace declaration
in the North Korea and so dragging their
feet on doing anything meaningful on a
nuclear program until that piece of the
the sequencing is done right right in
sequencing matters a great deal of North
Korea if we actually look at the
documents that Trump and Kim signed in
Singapore in June what it actually shows
if you look at the four points the talks
about peace come first or the first two
points right the nuclearization bit
actually comes second so if you're the
North Koreans you're thinking
Trump is promised he's going to sign
this declaration to the Singapore
document says that this peace and
normalization of relations comes before
we give up our weapons so what is Pompeo
talking about when he meets with us
right no wonder then that they are so
angry and they'd rather deal with come
directly which brings us back to a point
that you guys make a lot on worldly that
I hear about a lot on the weeds which is
the details matter and this is a pretty
big detail and the hard part of the
negotiation was now handed to Mike
Pompeo and it reminds me of an anecdote
from Bob Woodward's new book that leaked
out today where he talks about an NSA
meeting on North Korea with Trump where
he questioned why we're spending any
money in the region to begin with and he
showed apparently according to Woodward
so little understanding of the issues
that general mattis complained or sorry
secretary defence matters complained
that he sounded like a fifth or sixth
grader we've heard anecdotes like this
since Trump first took office but now it
seems clear that he is actually screwing
up negotiations when he tries to go in
there by himself and meet one-on-one
with Kim jong-un or with Putin are you
hearing any increased concern among
Republicans of Congress or people at the
State Department about the handling of
these like fraught critically important
national security issues I mean I well
first you mentioned the Whooper book I
think what we've learned not just the
North Korea bit but generally is that it
seems worse than we thought yeah on
North Korea itself you're you're
basically hearing everyone say well
we're at an impasse it's usually the
North Koreans you know they're at fault
they're the ones on negotiation and look
you can make a fair argument about right
that's true right for decades North
Koreans have been cheating on on talks
they've been lying and then frankly they
could be using Trump's promise as a way
to drive a wedge between Trump and
Pompeyo so it's possible that this is a
bit overblown but let's let's be real if
Trump is promising to sign a declaration
both in person to Kim and has signed a
document that says so then it seems
crazy that they have not that the u.s.
at least has not coordinated on its end
to work on that process before anything
else to make those kind of dual
commitments and then say oh no we want
your
weapons upfront before we do anything
else I don't blame the North Koreans for
feeling at least a bit of whiplash
mm-hmm
speaking of whiplash Trump canceled I
think via tweet secretary Pompey Oz was
supposed to be I guess last weekend trip
to North Korea
I guess reporters were getting briefed
in real time as this happened no one
knew it no new who was gonna be a
canceled and he just did it at the same
time Trump wants to have another meeting
reportedly with Kim jong-un I mean do
you think that this thing just stalls
out until they either do or do not get
back together at some forum I think
that's right and in a weird ironic twist
of fate I think you know Trump and Kim
are the kind of only ones that can
figure this out at this point right
you know when Trump says I want to meet
him and and others kind of balk at that
I think it makes some sort of sense
obviously this is diplomacy turned on
its head this isn't the usual way it
should be done or frankly even the way
it should be done in general but we've
reached the sort of point where they
kind of do needed me to guess and they
do need to maybe hash something out of
course taking mattis's warnings it would
be nice if Trump cared about details
more than at a 5th or 6th grade level
because to discuss these issues with Kim
requires a pretty deep understanding of
what's happening but I don't see you
know sending Pompeo or the new top
negotiator stephen vegan over there will
really lead to any sustained progress
unless Trump goes in and maybe hatches
something out I mean while I mean is
North Korea slowed down and Eve its
nuclear development efforts are they
benefiting from sanctions I mean how do
you feel like they have fared from the
deal so far such as it is up front I
mean North Korea is continuing its
nuclear program we've heard that from
our own intelligence estimates we've
heard that from the International Atomic
Energy Agency we even heard today Dan
Costa Director of National Intelligence
say that North Korea basically continues
apace and that he's not even sure that
they really do want to give up its
nuclear weapons so that they're willing
to concede anything so if you're the
North Koreans you've kind of won
something you've won prestige you're
still in negotiations with the u.s. the
talk of war has gone away you're
possibly getting some economic benefits
right you've seen China and Russia
and even South Korea relaxed some of the
sanctions they've been put on earlier so
you're coming away with fewer threats
more money and still developing a
program if they may have to give up some
nuclear weapons or some part of its
arsenal down the line but as of now it
seems like a general win for North Korea
yeah I want to stay on the Woodward book
for a minute because you know he's
obviously a once-in-a-generation
reporter but these books take on an
added weight in Washington based on who
he is and you know his process is pretty
well worn and successful over you know I
think eight presidents now basically
what he does is he invites
administration officials over to his
house his chef cooks you dinner
you aren't seen coming and going because
you can park in the garage and then he
sort of sits down with a list of you
know criticisms of that staffer who
happens to be in this house at that
moment and they quickly cough up all the
details and talk about their
colleagues and Brynn's repeat you got a
great book so you learned something from
these things one thing I noticed today I
believe you wrote this up for Vox was
apparently President Trump told general
mattis that he thought we should
assassinate President Assad of Syria in
response to his use of chemical weapons
I think that's an understandable
sentiment in the moment but I I read
that and I wondered should I feel like
okay that's a very impulsive response
and it confirms my fear about this
administration or should I feel like
mattis has actually done a pretty good
job of walking back some of these worst
impulses or maybe a combination of both
well how would you make a bet yeah I
felt I felt one that so I kind of wanna
take away putting aside I can't believe
me to say this so putting aside what's
good for the America in the world okay
if you just take the process I by itself
right Trump has has a feeling he wants
to do he wants to pursue an objective
it's unclear if it was an order or just
kind of an on the phone comment but
let's say it was an order and mattis
slow rolls it that does go away against
the process of the u.s. foreign policy
making to a certain extent obviously
staffers provide options and the
president decides but it seems pretty
clear what Trump wanted
do and so format is to kind of push back
on that I find just kind of interesting
in a breakdown on the way this
administration works now putting back in
what's good for the world see it of
course makes sense why mattes would push
back on this killing Assad would not
only be a massive escalation of
America's involvement in the war it
would be a logistics bite some what
logistical II hard because you know who
knows where I was going to be right no
bunker or some deal
it was clearly anger Russia and Iran it
would mat it would just become a even
worse crisis in Syria so you can see why
Madison push back but yeah I mean it's
your own fears this is we've known this
from about Trump before I mean in 2011
he was criticizing Obama for not killing
Gaddafi or openly want you know calling
for his death and said it basically if
you were leading he would want the same
he would do that so yeah it looks like
if Trump is leading which he is he's
gonna at least bring this issue up but
as sort of a norms level if Woodward's
reporting is true and there's really no
reason to doubt it at this point it
looks like the present United States has
abolished the norm that is sort of been
going on of we do not open we do not try
to kill the leader yeah
assassinations are I've been a no-no for
a while in the White House but you know
what are you gonna do another recurring
theme in the book it that in my view is
disrespect for members of the military
there's the insults of McCain including
confusion that he left a
imprisonment in Vietnam early rather
than actually staying and and refusing
to be released early so until his fellow
soldiers were released he mocks general
McMaster he apparently blows up at a
group of generals during a meeting at
the Pentagon and one in the in the
Situation Room there is there's some
elements of this that are a little
gossipy right like making fun of the way
McMaster talks but there's also the fact
that he still hasn't visited US service
members in Afghanistan and I'm I'm just
waiting for some real rumblings out of
the Pentagon about the repeated
disrespect and hope curious have you
heard anything like that are you
surprised that the disrespect during
McCain's funeral
again for example that more you know
military officials weren't speaking out
I'm not surprised that military
officials didn't speak out solely
because they stay apolitical as much as
they can while they're still in uniform
I mean you've seen retired people come
to run in this defense or whatnot right
but usually in uniform they're not going
to even really much in background even
say anything however you will notice
that when Trump was disrespecting McCain
you just saw veterans groups come out
and drove it right this is when the when
the flag went back up yep
veterans groups just came out in droves
to say how hurt they were driven by
veterans calling their the you know
their group representative clearly
people that were in the military and
certainly are in the military too sir
I'm sure have noticed this trend with
Trump you didn't even need to him to be
President to know that you could see
this with the Khan family during the
campaign you could see this as he talked
about McCain himself you know he was
captured I like people who weren't
captured Trump's disdain for the
military or at least lack of respect for
it in the way that he should his
commander in chief has been evident for
quite some time and frankly he's also
done very little to command it I mean
since the very beginning he offered the
military total authorization
quote-unquote to do effectively what it
wanted yeah that's that's led to massive
bombing increases in the Middle East in
Africa really all over the place and so
his respect for the military is you go
off and do what you want but when it
comes to individual members their
service does not necessarily matter to
him as long as they are loyal to some
sort of extent which actually makes me
wonder what's going to happen between
Trump and mattis now yeah that's
interesting I mean in the one area where
actually I think he has not gotten what
he wanted was Afghanistan you know there
were all these rumblings that he was
just gonna pull out all troops and end
our involvement there and a precipitous
manner in fact he sent more do you think
that there was any likelihood of policy
changes in Afghanistan or is this
something that he's just put on the
backburner and and not focused on
anymore there's good reason for Trump to
a push back on his men on his advisors
about Afghanistan right it's been a long
war why are we there really any chance
to win you remember even Tillerson was
kind of like look we may not win with
the Taliban
neither yeah there was it was sort of
this feeling in the administration that
were just kind of there for for being
their sake at this point and so I'm
wondering at what point Trump kind of
blows up here and says they're all
coming out obviously we know that it
took months and months and months for
the administration to really convince
Trump that he needed to stay of course
then he only chose about 3,000 or so
troops which helped set the margins on
advising Afghans but at the end of the
day is won't change the battle and
you're also having them come back into
the city so sorry that's a long thing
that I'm I'm genuinely interested in how
Trump views this war day-to-day but my
my instinct is Trump is not following
this for day-to-day yeah therefore
something really really really bad he's
happened in Afghanistan in order for him
to take notice even though the war has
obviously been getting worse over the
last couple of months and we just lost a
sixth service member this year yeah I
mean look it's funny I'm genuinely very
interested in what he decides to do to
but I'm it's also strangely a policy
area where I'm the most sympathetic to
his frustrations about the lack of a
plan that seems different or new or
designed to change the outcome in any
way and it does seem like there's this
consensus in Washington that as John
McCain said in 2008 that we can kind of
muddle through is unacceptable or maybe
the best policy and I do wonder if a
trump-like eruption may be the only one
to to break through that you know log
jam that's existed for what 17 years now
right I mean that's totally possible and
the thing with with Afghanistan
especially and this is sort of the other
part that interests me is as you just
rightly said there's really kind of no
winning option here but Trump likes to
win and that so even though he has an
instinctive I want to get us out of
there we're spending too much money
our troops are dying how many more loss
limits do we need can you know can we
afford there's a part of him I'm sure
that goes well if I kind of pull
everyone out am I not admitting defeat
am I not the the president that lost
right you could imagine you know that's
going through his mind and just on
reporting on Afghanistan
and just kind of talking through this
with people in DC I literally find
myself in almost every conversation
going I feel like I've asked this
question before yeah I feel like I've
had this conversation before there's
really nothing new at this point we're
having the same debates over and over
and over and over again and obviously
pleading to no real results on the
ground yeah I mean look I lived through
the 2009 you know Afghan policy review
the President Obama did and you know the
decision to send tens of thousands more
u.s. servicemembers into Afghanistan and
it does you know I wonder what real
value was derived for the United States
what was that really in our national
interests do that I mean there's an
argument to be made at the time that
things were getting so bad that you
might have lost major cities or
population centers where the government
could have fallen and that would have
been a catastrophe but yet no one has
articulated a plan for success that that
makes me feel better about the prospect
of losing more men and women you know
between now and when we eventually get
out but I'm wondering and in sort of
your own debates with Afghanistan I mean
where was that it was the ultimate
objective was I'm assuming at least the
discussion was can we win this war and
if not what can we manage I mean were
you I'm assuming you were having that
kind of high-level discussion and then
I'm assuming you guys had the
conversation of winning the wars
probably not a really viable option
right yeah that's right I mean I think
like one of the earliest things
President Obama did was to try to step
back as far as humanly possible and say
what is the objective here is it to
destroy al Qaeda and deny them a safe
haven from which to plan the next 9/11
yes is it to destroy every last vestige
of the Taliban no because that's
probably not possible
and so I think it was an effort to you
know push you know the Taliban and other
forces back to build up local capacity
for the asking Afghan you know police
army everyone else you know increase our
intelligence collection our
counterterrorism abilities in the region
but yeah I mean I think like scoping
what's possible is very important and in
President Trump from the reports out of
Woodward's book seems to have no real
sense of what he wants the objectives to
be he's like just wants them to kill bad
guys and doesn't know really
that means right but I do think it's at
least visceral for him and frankly a
decent question asked which is all the
things that you described right building
