welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau I'm Tommy Vietor another pod
today we have the author of the new
memoir the world as it is crooked
contributor best friend of the pod Ben
Rhodes is here in studio on the flush
thank god he is a text Jane he's
co-hosting with us today so this is your
third cone today yeah Ben went into a
cave to write for a year yeah yeah and
they just finally let me have my nose
into the wild it's okay Here I am we are
gonna talk about North Korea immigration
the Republican Party's nomination of a
Confederate for Senate but first a few
housekeeping items we're gonna be on
tour at the end of next week there's
still tickets for Nashville so go to
cricket calm Islam - with me - I've
never been we're gonna be in Atlanta and
Durham as well so very exciting all
right let's talk about the news I want
to get into North Korea but first we
should of course wish a happy birthday
to our president Donald Trump song is a
hundred and thirty-eight million views
on YouTube what is it happy birthday
John it's in the public domain I can
play it if I want happy birthday to
Donald Trump who along with his three
darling children is being sued today by
the New York Attorney General for quote
extensive and persistent violations of
state and federal law the Trump
Foundation raised money for charity and
then used it to influence Donald Trump's
presidential campaign they also used the
funds to pay back lawsuits that they
settled that have to do with Mara Lago
the reason we know all of these things
is because the evidence is out there
they put their crimes and emails yeah
again they are the worst
grifters also Don jr. Ivanka and Eric
are all named in the lawsuit because
they're board members of the Trump
Foundation which is supposed to
scrutinize their spending for science at
their leader in this case Papa Bear
Trump was misusing the funds the board
has not actually met since 1999 so a bit
of a dereliction of duty here can I just
say that like I remember we used to get
nervous because all the emails you send
in government are like public record and
so 25 years from now someone could find
out that you know Tommy didn't like some
reporter we weren't like hey when you
commit the crime can you
make sure to get a receipt for that
crime and send it back so that
ultimately like we can be the target of
lawsuits a couple years looping dad on
the crime
I mean corey lewandowski this is he's
got one of the emails just saying like
when can we get the disbursement of
money hopefully it would be great if we
could get it saturday when we're in iowa
unbeliever to find a point on it but so
they're doing great but let's talk about
let's talk about North Korea it's a good
day to have my two smartest foreign
policy pals here because we had
ourselves quite a summit with our new
dictator friend from North Korea on
Tuesday upon returning home conquering
hero Donald Trump tweeted there is no
longer a nuclear threat from North Korea
sleep well tonight
so obviously this man is out of his
goddamn mind and of course North Korea
has made no moves whatsoever to
denuclearize just yet but before we get
into all the crazy details what did you
guys think overall of the summit is the
world safer less safe or exactly as safe
as it was on Monday what do you think
then I think exactly is safe and and I
want to make a point to you know all our
progressive friends out there it is okay
to think that it's a very good thing
that we're pursuing diplomacy with North
Korea instead of going to war with them
and still think that this was a
catastrophe right I mean this was a
disaster of a summit let's be very clear
here right North Korea wants a bunch of
things right they want international
legitimacy well Trump just gave that to
them in a way they've never had in their
entire history of their country they're
there with the US president front of all
these flags North Korea once our
military presence in South Korea drawn
down Trump just seemed to want to go out
and decide to announce it we're not
gonna do military exercises with South
Korea anymore without even necessarily
telling the South Koreans beforehand
something that China and North Korea
have wanted for many years he just gave
it to them and North Korea once
sanctions relief and I have to think
that even if we're not giving that to
them ourselves the optics of this summit
if you're China you're thinking like I'm
not exactly gonna be cracking down on
the enforcement you know now that you
know Trump is buddies with Kim jung-un
so North Korea got like a lot of what
they wanted for nothing okay like I want
to be very clear about this
like reaffirming
Tommy and I've written a lot of
statements if the word reaffirm is in
the statement you are doing nothing you
are it's like I reaffirmed the you know
that I will make my bed tomorrow they
reaffirmed a commitment to
denuclearization
they don win in the past it under under
Bush under Clinton both times they broke
that promise they did not do it so they
reaffirmed that they were going to do
something that they have lied about
doing in the past so really there's no
new anything out of North Korea that no
no timeline to denuclearize no
inspections to verify that they're gonna
denuclearize so basically Trump gave
this huge spectacle and really leaves
there with nothing except the fact that
there'll be more meetings North Korea
leaves there with a lot of the things
that they wanted yeah I mean the Iran
deal was like a hundred and fifty nine
pages I believe the North Korea
agreement that they signed was 400 words
deleted they did half an op eds worth of
work and words like verifiable that they
talked about over and over and over
again in the run-up to this weren't in
the document even though we pushed for
it and that's important because that
means we get to inspect all these sites
and when pressed about this I believe
yesterday Mike Pompeo the Secretary of
State who was traveling in Seoul got a
little snippy lost his on all these
reporters said it was insulting and
frankly ludicrous for them to press him
on the details well boo-fucking-hoo mike
like the details matter here this isn't
congress where you introduce a bill and
walk away and Mike Pompeo would gave a
colonoscopy to the Iran deal right tails
you know like these guys literally like
the scrutiny that was I mean I know it
you can drive you insane if you actually
think about it but the scrutiny on the
Iran deal I know where we shipped 98% of
their nuclear material out of the
country had inspections on all of their
nuclear facilities had you know
centrifuges taken out and put in storage
Liz the scrutiny applied to that as
against you Mike Pompeo feels like his
he shouldn't be at even asked about like
how they're gonna make this work I mean
the double standards here I wasn't
saying I was gonna get there later
detected you to about the hypocrisy
around Iran when I do we get there get
there ultimately no which it's crazy
but what I was gonna ask like because we
there has been this thing on the left
where some people are like okay why are
we upset that you know they're talking
and they're doing diplomacy as opposed
to you know threatening nuclear war with
each other on Twitter what's like yeah
obviously that's way better
yeah but I'm wondering from you guys and
you know Ben obviously you helped lead
negotiations with Iran for the Iran deal
and then and keep open in Cuba
if if it was not the Trump
administration what would normal direct
diplomacy with the North Koreans which
we would all support what would that
look like what kind of preparations
would you do before them yeah I mean you
know the two examples I can draw from
Cuba you know I had to do the pre
diplomacy and I had 20 meetings with
Alejandro Castro Raul Castro's son
usually lasted eight hours sometimes two
days till you call him a smart guy who
loves his country too much to go hug him
general but but well you know before we
put it was two years before we put
Barack Obama in the room with Raul
Castro and by that point we teed
everything up we knew what the agenda
was we knew we were you're going to
establish embassies we knew we were
gonna they were gonna really they did
release a lot of political prisoners and
and take other steps and we were gonna
take steps as well so we did the prep
work you know now Trump said you know he
doesn't didn't need to prepare and that
was apparent though and with the Iran
deal like we had endless discussions
about what would constitute a good deal
we had a nuclear physicist a Nobel Prize
winning nuclear physicist Ernie Moniz
literally in those prep meetings and in
the negotiations so yeah but how was he
a rebounding in the NBA well because
they had Dennis Rodman so we knew
exactly what we wanted to get out of
those negotiations we knew what was
success and what wasn't and you could
just see it's like anybody who's gone
into school without doing the homework
for the tests in the oral presentation
you can just tell you could tell that
these guys had not done the work you
know you could tell that they didn't
know what they wanted to achieve they
couldn't you know all they could
articulate before was either a really
maximalist of demand that North Korea
give up all their nuclear weapons and
then coming out of this that they can't
even spin it because
they don't know what they were shooting
at I just wanna make two points like
reiterate something been said which is
these details matter because the North
is saying the denuclearization process
will be simultaneous Pompeo and Trump
are saying no they have to go first that
discrepancy is gonna come to a head
right well the only thing we all agree
happened is a concession for the United
States that we're gonna pause these
joint military exercises in South Korea
and that's something that you could you
could get there and you could ultimately
concede and and do that but Trump seems
to have just coughed it up in the
meeting and we know that because he
didn't tell the rocks or he didn't tell
the the South Koreans or US forces in
Korea before he did it and like all the
everyone who's out there saying well you
know he brought us back from the brink
of war so we should all be influenced
others on the brink of way he was
tweeting about his big nuclear button so
like another thing point you made man
that I just think people need to
remember is that by overselling the
summit as a success and saying the
problems are all solved he could make it
harder to keep sanctions in place and
the maximum pressure effort that he's
been working on could get rolled back so
like he could have heard us here can i
we talked about what North Korea got out
of the summit which was a lot we talked
about what the United States got out of
the summit which was almost nothing
there's other countries involved here
what did China get out of this what did
Russia get out of this and what did
South Korea get out of this if anything
except a surprise when they learned that
they we weren't having joy I know it's
very exercises anymore yeah I mean
lightning-round on that as China got a
huge win because what China wants is
less US military presence in their
region so Trump actually made a big
concession to China when he said he
wasn't been doing his military exercises
so the Chinese were sitting feeling
pretty good about things the Russians
had a great week we know the week
Vladimir Putin because I actually
thought that the more important summit
was the g7 yeah because literally the
unraveling of the post-world War two
order happened before eyes you know
Trump essentially picking fights with
all of our closest allies they are all
and you know having sat with these
people looking at angle amiracle Justin
Trudeau they're clearly past their
breaking point with Trump you know and
he's inviting Russia back into the the
g7 so we Russia's
pushing their objective you know people
always ask me what do you think Russia
wanted to do they want sanctions relief
when they meddled in our election no
they wanted that g7 summit they wanted
to see the split in the transatlantic
alliance a split in the Alliance the
world's democracies and they got that in
spades and so Trump you know before he
goes and cozies up to North Korean
dictators and Generals he literally
blows up the the the closest alliances
that we have in the world that is much
to Russia's benefit I think the South
Koreans I felt very bad for them in this
whole process because they're the reason
this diplomacy is happening because they
saw this you know fire and fury locked
and loaded and they knew they were the
ones that were being the crosshairs of
that so they're like we got something
here you know so they took this
initiative they went to the North
Koreans and I think they brought that
back to Trump Trump grabs it from them
says okay I'll go meet with that guy you
know and I actually don't think they
necessarily meant for this to go so fast
I think they just wanted to get some
diplomacy underway to avoid a war so
they're sitting there and they're stuck
because on the one hand they desperately
don't want there to be a war because
they would suffer all the consequences
but in the other hand they don't want
Trump to totally sell them out right in
the process and so I think right now
there's probably a lot of mixed feelings
in South Korea better this then you know
the escalation that we were on but this
doesn't look like it's going quite the
way we want doesn't selling out the
South Koreans seem like something that
Trump would totally do at the end of
this entire process well I wondered this
way back when that like in Trump's mind
the way that mind works you could see
him thinking like okay why do we have
all these troops in South Korea anyway
why do we protect South Korea what what
is that for us we yeah so you can see at
the end of this process him saying yeah
well not only freeze joint exercises
will remove troops from South Korea yeah
and then as long as he's not pointing
those nuclear weapons at the United
States we don't care what happens on the
crane what Allah and he said that over
the years he's made comments on like why
do we have troops in Korea you know we
have troops in Korea to assure the
survival of South Korea right and you
know he says so many insane things that
you know you lose track of them but he
said something you know when he was kind
of boasting about pausing the military
exercises he talked about how expensive
they were right that
you know that may be just a normal thing
for Trump to say but I think people have
to realize how do these things sound
abroad if you're Japan or South Korea
and literally your existence is
dependent upon the United States
providing these troops which by the way
we benefit from too because those are
growing economies and those are some of
our best trading partners in suddenly
you got a guy saying like I'm tired of
footing the bill for for these troops
there the south koreans are hearing that
as well at the end of this process yeah
he very well may sell us out take out
these troops and kind of leave us here
surrounded by China and North Korea
which is not exactly what we'd want to
be I'd like to add another entity to the
list of losers this week which was
oppressed peoples all around the world
well because Trump has signaled that he
does not give a about human rights
I mean he's done this before the what
about ISM went pressed on Putin killing
adversaries or journalists wherever he's
like well you know we do it too we're
killers too but he basically said you
know Kim jong-un has to be a rough guy
it's he's been a rough person he's smart
he loves his people he loves his country
I mean that's an insane thing to say
about a guy with a hundred thousand
political prisoners breaking rocks in a
 concentration camp I mean Nick
Kristof pointed this out in his piece
yesterday where he said that he you know
Trump was outfoxed there's peace a
couple days before that where he's like
Democrats don't be childish like get him
a chance
a 2014 UN report states that North
Korean human rights violations quote do
not have any parallel in the
contemporary world and that includes
mass executions torture for starvation
abductions and prison camps John you
know there's a source on this Trump's
2018 State of the Union where he said no
regime has oppressed his own citizens
more totally or brutally than the cruel
dictatorship in North Korea and and you
know I should have like a limit of the
number of times I can talk about
hypocrisy but you know when we dealt
with Cuban Iran we would always get this
argument but we would always raise human
rights in the meeting publicly we would
always speak about it when when
President Obama went to Cuba he talked
about the need for elections and by the
way the human rights picture in North
Korea is you guys suggest it's so much
worse and not only did he you know say
the things that Tommy quoted he he said
that the North Korean people loved Kim
jung-un
right and and what you have to realize
is he just legitimized his rule he just
said well they love him
that's that's Kim Jung Woon's argument
for why he does the things that he does
in North Korea and you also have to know
north Korea has state media right
they're gonna be playing that in a clip
over and over and over again right that
US president sang the North Korean
people love Kim Yuen that's gonna be
playing they get Fox overthink a Martha
McCallum live from North Korean yeah I
mean like they have trust me it's
nothing but Fox and friends over and and
Trump just gave them throughout this
whole summit a lot of content this is an
important point because um it's like
well all kinds of countries have human
rights abuses and we've dealt with them
throughout history is yes we're not
saying that the United States cannot
deal with countries that have human
rights announces if there are big things
at stake like denuclearize Yeah right
well obviously Iran has plenty of human
rights abuses so does Cuba we still
dealt with them because they were bigger
things at stake in Iran it was making
sure they don't have a nuclear weapon
right now there is a way that Trump
could have gone to North Korea met with
Kim Jong hoon and not praised him like
he did not said that people loved him
like he did and then and then he comes
back and Bret Baier asked him about this
and he reminds Trump that Kim executes
people and has done some really bad
things and Trump replies yeah but so
have other people done some really bad
things he's a tough guy I saw that and I
was like I just unbelievable and what
might I thought I would see never sorry
I would trash Justin Trudeau I mean part
part of it so stark here around the
world is like he can't find enough good
things to say about Kim jung-un
while he's like trashing the you know
the leaders of democracies I mean how is
that going down around the world you
