all and tell us what you think I'll be
looking forward to hearing from you
we're jazz John we're jazz we're just as
let's do it
we're just the pod there we go oh really
stepped on our gas thing yeah no I think
we got it
we were still just mmm all right let's
get to the news uh last night ABC News
air George Stephanopoulos his interview
with James Comey who is just six feet
eight inches of pure moral rectitude
he's actually 5-1 it's one foot seven
and it's all made of how good he
is the former FBI director a Republican
said the Donald Trump is morally unfit
to hold office that he lies all the time
and that it's possible that the Russians
had material that could be used to
blackmail him he also defended his
actions in the Clinton email
investigation which we can all agree
were perfect guys did anything surprise
you about this interview it's so funny
to be we live in a world in which the
answer to the question about an FBI
director saying the president is morally
unfit and may be compromised by a
foreign government as a real snoozefest
yeah I like the factual I guess the tone
in the language surprised me a little
bit like there was nothing new factually
right I thought it was particularly like
I was sort of there was a bit of there's
a bit of snake and Comey like when he
said look I'm not one of those guys who
says Trump has dementia that he's like
as a failing brain I think he has
above-average intelligence and then goes
on to criticize him for being an immoral
president and that's why it's like
you're leaving with repeating the charge
that is the thing you're then saying you
don't believe it's a little gross I
think like there weren't a lot of new
facts in this interview there weren't in
the letter or the memos that he leaked
what drove me crazy was the fact that he
was willing to render judgments on
literally everything but his own conduct
and like there didn't they didn't feel
like there was much introspection
closest he got was saying you know I
have problems with my ego I'm always
worried about that like am i listening
to others when I'm making decisions or
I'm just doing stuff myself and so he
that's what he threw out there is like
the him do
wrong stuff yeah don't you think so I I
have there's been one question that that
James Comey has answered in the past
that answered again last night that has
always been the focus of my ire which is
if you knew that a letter like Donald
Trump would you still send it you're
talking about the famous October 28th
letter about yeah Anthony Weiner's
laptop which was somehow became a thing
in the election in 2016 as we all
remember Anthony Weiner thanks again
thanks again Anthony thanks for the
memories the yeah the sim where's Tommy
going Tommy's taking off his clothes oh
my goodness
dear diary it's hot in here you never
really would happen in the studio today
so so come--the so Comey said to
Stephanopoulos it's um it's a mink eat
something so Comey said to
Stephanopoulos something similar to what
he said in the hearing which basically
he would do the same thing over again
yeah uh and he basically said he would
do literally everything he did open it
yeah which is incredible so I was really
stuck in this and John and Tommy saw me
kind of working through my thoughts out
loud in the room because I was just like
so frustrated because finger pointing
imagine the conductor was all sticks so
here's here's what I was working out all
right
so Comey said he sent the letter in part
because he expected Hillary Clinton to
win and that if he hadn't sent it if the
facts came out after Hillary became
president it would make her election
last legitimate but then he also said he
couldn't not send the letter because
then that would have been allowing
politics to interfere with the FBI even
though sending letter he's admitting is
for political reasons but okay so that's
confusing but put that aside it's
important to put it aside so he sends
the letter because he wants to have sent
it after Hillary wins but he'd still
send the letter even if the letter means
she lost so not sending a letter means
she wins and therefore he should have
sent it but sending it means she loses
so therefore he should not have sent it
and the reason I think that this is
ridiculous this is on the SAT yeah no no
but so it's it's you kind of get this is
to me the kind of this is where you find
why James Comey made such a big mistake
it's sort of the like
logical fallacy at the heart of what
he's doing because he can't just admit
that he never should have sent that
letter and he never should have revealed
one investigation but not the other
because I think Comey sincerely believes
in his mission he sincerely believes
these are the values that he's trying to
espouse but what's clear when he says
that he would have sent it anyway even
though the only reason he sent it was to
have sent it had Hillary won is because
he's not trying to be ethical he's
trying to seem ethical and that is the
fundamental flaw of what James Comey did
at every step of this is I don't want to
I have one was revealing lines from the
interview was he said you know one of my
kids shared a tweet that's become one of
my favorite tweets and it said that
Comey is such a political hack I just
can't figure out which party and I
really took that as a compliment
that yeah that that is the clash tag No
Labels I was gonna say it's it is it's
this very Washington elite mindset that
you get from people in government that
you get from the media that we saw in
2016 and it's it the problem is not just
that everyone assumed Hillary would win
the problem is that because everyone
assumed Hillary would win the political
immediately decided that they would be
extra tough on her to prove how
nonpartisan they are because they all
celebrate balance as the highest virtue
more than truth more than anything else
they must be balanced and what that
means is the people on the right no
matter how low they go no matter how
much they lie they can count on the fact
that if they work the refs hard enough
they will damage the other side yes on
top of that like he also says that the
fact that both sides hate him now is an
illustration of the polarization of our
times
no the Hillary people hate you because
you broke DOJ guidelines intervene in an
election just days before it happened
and maybe tipped it to Donald Trump the
most unfit president to ever hold the
office the Trump people hate you
because he savages you by name over and
over and over again because he tried to
obstruct justice
with you and now is mad at you like
their that's not the same yeah the Trump
people don't like you because they were
afraid you were gonna expose his rampant
criminality you know that's a different
thing they from the Clinton people
criticized you for your conduct and the
outcome it cause which is Trump being
president yeah and like and by the way
just because he made a
gigantic mistake in the Clinton email
investigation doesn't mean that the
criticisms from the Republicans that
he's some like lying hack slimeball are
correct
no is that no he was he fell victim to
this mindset that he must be all you
said he must appear ethical and he took
even though he said he didn't want to
take politics into consideration even
though he said the one rule he's tried
to obey is to not do anything that will
impact an election he said that he's
other than the interview multiple times
but he said in this case the only option
was to either reveal or conceal this
letter his things over a year when that
was not the option the option could have
been its DOJ policy not to do anything
that will impact an election right
before an election and then after the
election if she won all he had to do was
say by the way we looked at some emails
we didn't find anything and that was
that and if they did find something then
they could say at the time we didn't
want to do anything to impact the
election because we didn't know it was
in the or we hadn't figured out yeah
exactly figure it out first
and by the way James Comey uh you're
gonna have to eat you like as the Joker
would say you're gonna to break your one
rule because you didn't tell us about
the Trump investigation the many Trump
investigations the many the many
different facets of his above his crimes
I will say I thought he was persuasive
on why he didn't why it was a little
different on the Trump investigation
because it was a counter-intel
investigation involved involving some
Americans that you didn't want to reveal
and actually revealing the investigation
and who they were would have compromised
the investigation itself and the Hillary
investigation was a public referral from
the Inspector General so it was already
public and he couldn't avoid it but all
of that is parsing you said you didn't
want to be political but you chose in
the week before an election a letter is
unfuckin forgivable in every way and so
and so it's in it so I I don't you know
James Comey said this other thing in the
interview where he talked about he said
there was once a day when people were
afraid of going to hell if they took an
oath in the name of God and violated it
we've drifted away from that day and so
in its place has to be a fear that if
you lie and government can prove it
beyond a reasonable doubt they will
prosecute you in order to send a message
you must tell the truth that matters
enormously oh boy it's self righteous
it's the way in which James Comey is
frustrated but what I appreciate about
James Comey is I
believe he is sincerely grappling with
what he sees as a culture that doesn't
value the truth a culture that wrote
about that yes he is absolutely right
about that I'm like we've talked about
it we did not you put in terms of God we
put in terms of shame but like I believe
James Comey is a good person I also
believe we should that he was in a
difficult position a difficult position
created by Hillary Clinton and a
difficult position created by Donald
Trump two people who were under
investigation I just believe it is
obvious in hindsight that his fears
about partisanship he got in his own
head and he completely bashed it and
mishandled it and he's the only person
who can't admit it because to admit it
would to be concedes would be to concede
something so grand and so big about his
role in history that uh it's you know
it's he can possibly do it if to admit
it is to say that everything you ever
did led you to make this terrible
decision that caused one of the greatest
political emergencies in American
history
I got another small thing that was
interesting from the interview was he
said the Trump refuses to criticize
Putin even in private even in private
getting corroborated by other officials
and other stories yeah I don't even get
that one like that was like okay all
right Putin's got something on Trump
does he think he's in the Oval what's
going on how what are you afraid of
buddy to me it was just like a pathology
trumped like thinking that if anyone
believed that the election was somehow
illegitimate and that he didn't win the
popular vote and all the crazy things he
lies he believes about himself that
bothers me I mean what one thing there's
really interesting he talked about was
the dinner they had how essentially was
a trumpian monologue which I always
assumed was the case right it was just
like Trump spouting random lies at the
FBI director he doesn't really know and
Comey just sort of sitting there and
having to listen to it and like I could
get how weird and how that could get you
into a weird head space - the one thing
I thought was pretty interesting that
Comey did concede was I credit him for
he conceded that pledging honest loyalty
in the infamous meeting where Trump
tried to demand loyalty from him was a
mistake and could have been
misinterpreted I thought that was
actually kind of a a good thing to be
honest about I was always interesting
how tough he was on Rosenstein
Rosenstein look for his role in firing
him I said that Rosenstein acted
dishonorably
and but then he said that he didn't
think Verizon sign would carry out the
order to fire Muller because he's trying
to restore some of his professional
reputation which is sort of a comments I
mean I could see that but I guess is
that Tommy's point it's like oh like you
know Robert Muller
I'm sorry Robert Muller is James coming
without the no James Comey
James Comey is in the balcony kind of
like keeping a keeping a little count of
balcony what are you in a baseball thing
mezzanine bleachers he's in the bleacher
socks balcony I'm at the Opera you know
when you keep but you keep score yeah
during his shirts game with no way the
point is he's up there being like Oh
rods worried about his reputation and Oh
Hillary had this it's like he's this
pilgrim in an unholy land meanwhile what
is this book man yes it's just an effort
to restore your reputation actly
exactly one of them like there's some
little lies in there that just annoyed
me like he says the one like when he put
out his memos after Trump tweeted you
better hope I don't have tapes Comey had
his buddy release memo as he'd taken at
the time he said that the reason he had
his buddy leak them is because he didn't
want to say yes and talked to one
reporter and then tell the rest of the
reporters that were at his driveway that
he couldn't talk to them I thought that
was just such a ludicrous effort of
concocting some moral reason for his
choice that it just it like undercut
half the rest of it now the classic
Comey frankly all this aside like I
don't I don't like Jim Comey very much I
don't hate him I do think like like you
that he's a decent person I think he's
terrible political judgment I think his
letter indisputably impacted the
election I'm also reminded that Bill
Clinton's meeting with Loretta Lynch was
such a mistake and there's such a
massive inflection point and like
whether or not it was spun up to
something that it should have been oh my
god I also was not thinking he was not
thinking very well there you know no
real really screwed the pooch on that
one yeah but I also you know to your
point that in the interview he talks
about that bedside moment with Ashcroft
and which is fascinating which is
fascinating you should go read the
transcript about it but um it's also
James came James Comey is also the
person who stood up for principle there
and so I what I do what I also
think is wrong is because James Comey
has caused this disaster I think it
could be too easy to dismiss him
outright and I do think it's important
that we maintain a complicated view of
James James Comey yeah look we talk all
the time about voters as pundits now
it's also something that infects like
bureaucrats and law enforcement
officials and other people in government
like when you be when you see the world
like a pundit does and you start judging
based on politics and you let the
politics in your head you're not gonna
make a very good decision yeah that's I
think that's a James Comey stopping FBI
director and became a pundit and it may
cause downfall of our country Jim Comey
drafted a letter because he went to 538
and figured out we're good million that
means he did see Nate Silver saying that
that letter did cause the outcome you
know here as well Stephanopoulos brought
it up to him he said Nate Silver was a
pretty compelling case for why it cost
the election and what Comey he said
something righteous I don't know he said
I only read the printed page let's talk
about Michael Cohen because it was a
very tough day in court fourteen crime a
federal judge rejected an attempt by
President Trump and Michael Cohen to
block prosecutors from reviewing
documents and communications that the
FBI took from Cohen's office and hotel
room the judge also forced Cohen to
reveal the name of the one client he had
tried to keep secret and that client is
longtime friend of the pod Sean Hannity
he surely not the Sean Hannity from
telling the very one the same let's uh
let's bring out the corkboard in that
red string here where does Hannity where
does he fit into this puzzle guys what
what why he's the piece that the dog got
and you didn't need anyway in terms of
the puzzle we like we know Michael cones
not a real lawyer he's a weird fixer it
does we implies taxicab medallions and
those other strange businesses the two
pieces of business he did that are
relevant here are essentially hush
payments to a very senior RNC official
and for Donald Trump we don't know what
Sean what he did what we don't know what
work he did for Sean but I mean I just
might sound good Michael Cohen is a
lawyer in the same way Sean Hannity as a
journalist right by the way like all
these people
Twitter now were like Sean Hannity going
to recuse himself from talking about
Michael Cohen what is this club I'm like
ya know up until today I thought handy
was a real straight-shooter that the
James Comey a Fox News they call him
recuse himself was he gonna sus wearing
out would talk about and Fox News
punishing him because he's a
psycho who goes on the air every night
and says whatever the hell he was he
said that he said that Hillary was in
cahoots with Whitey Bulger
we're all so disappointed that Sean
Hannity even revealed to her that he was
using Jones legal services they talk on
the phone every night yeah oh I'm so
disappointed it's so revealing to that
know what literally no human being on
earth was like you know it's just like
oh yeah I guess that makes sense moving
on sure Sean Hannity's explanation is oh
I think once I gave him $10 and super
real estate advisor and that he must
have taken that as attorney-client
privilege ya know yeah yeah that's what
you do when you submit submit documents
to court well so how screwed are Michael
Cohen and Donald Trump to be things like
what why works so hard to keep federal
prosecutors from even reviewing the
information seized in the FBI raid
before they could review it first I
don't know I mean Donald Trump doesn't
email who knows what written documents
he has I think what we know is that
Donald Trump has a business empire that
is built on working with a whole bunch
of corrupt people around the world it is
a total shell game like why I don't I
don't think he's actually successful
businessman I think he's likely engaged
in potentially criminal activities via
his businesses and Michael Cohen would
have the receipt
we also know that Michael Cohen's not a
very good lawyer he's incredibly stupid
he created these shell LLC's to make
these payments and use the same one over
and over again and that's how he got
buzz a hush money payments yeah he's not
a scrupulous individual he's not like
the understatement of the pot not a
scrupulous individual you know I was
also thinking like the Weinstein
