we are very lucky to be joined here in
studio first first guest in the new
media studio I honored its by the way
stunningly beautiful particularly the
blue backdrop jump and it is a work in
progress it's a little work
Nizar work but if we look to the future
anyway and in case you didn't recognize
his voice he is the current lieutenant
governor of the state of California the
Democratic nominee for governor Gavin
Newsom good to be here
honor to be here honor to be here it's
good to have you by the way lieutenant
governor's I mean can we talk about
lieutenant governor's going on she's I
mean come on you know I mean it's the
profoundly important position it's a lot
like cinematographers they're they don't
get the credit they deserve I'm saying a
beneath the director is the
cinematographer uh-huh no one else with
me I don't really know what the
cinematographer does ya know acally
exactly knows other than about Kerry
said John Kerry you forgot was
lieutenant governor everyone forgot John
Kerry
that's what tenant governor said the
most important job with lieutenant
governor is waking up every morning
making your way to the front door
picking up the morning paper going to
the obituary section scene of the
governor's name appears in it and if it
doesn't you go back to bed that's the
number one job according to John Kerry
now I don't subscribe to that point of
view I've heard that before I don't know
that was a John Kerry right so we're
gonna bring up to what he's here yeah
you gonna come verify that you know
that's lieutenant go that's that's kind
of that's a that's a Lieutenant Governor
joke I like that that's what we talk
amongst ourselves there's not many of
its lieutenant governor in joke there's
the meetings
speaking of lines of secession start
with the fact that as we were recording
this there is a split screen on the news
in on one side Paul Manafort is being
found guilty on the other side Michael
Cohen is pleading guilty Michael Cohen
said that he was directed by a candidate
doesn't name him another name um I
wonder who to commit to commit but Rose
Martin O'Malley was it O'Malley what a
doubt so can't get a break
they said lock her up maybe it's just
not what we expected maybe it's a
circuitous path it was Hillary the whole
time uh let's just start with that what
do you make of the rampant criminality
well that's the only way to describe it
you just said it
yeah rampant criminality but it's
interesting bank fraud you know we'll
get to the money laundering trial which
is the obstruction of justice trial
which is the great irony of this this
was the tougher case to win right on
metaphor but as it relates to Cohen and
everything around Trump that goes back
to money and at the end of the day I
mean what how by the way how long does
an audit take at the IRS I mean use it
when it's done will obviously get the
benefit of the tax returns I'm just
curious how long do you guys know what's
the average audit I know know it seems
to be taking a little bit seem to be
able to tell you if you get that's at
the end of the day that's that's that's
the that's the the fear factor for the
Trump administration money all goes back
to money fundamentally and that's
centered so it's not surprising everyone
around him the circle is getting smaller
and smaller I mean what do you think
like you know we've been talking for a
long time in this podcast about you know
the potential of criminality we now have
Michael Cohen saying he was directed to
commit a crime by the president United
States it's still early where of course
recording this on Tuesday people
probably listen to this a couple days
from now or a week from now um if we get
to this point where Donald Trump has
been basically named an unindicted
co-conspirator in a crime you know for a
while we've been saying Democrats should
be not be talking too much about Russia
that's not what people care about we
shouldn't be talking about a future that
much does this change the calculation a
little bit do you think the Democrats
need to sort of stand strong here and
hold the president accountable yeah I
mean again on the the Russia side of
this it's still a circuitous correct
right I mean so we're just getting into
finance or malfeasance around everybody
that's surrounding him which by the way
has been his legacy it's been his
history yeah I mean these are the folks
that he's constantly surround himself so
it's not surprising it's splitting into
his administration but no look I rush
aside Moeller finished the investigation
Dudek ate the facts as it relates to
subsequent shoes dropping obviously
Miller's got more and will hide up in
that respectively he's like it was
Imelda Marcos with the amount of shoes
he's able there's lots of shoes
you weren't even alive you were there
greeting about that in the history but
I'll give you my word you know about no
it is jaw-dropping I mean the normalcy
of all this I mean the fact that you
know as you suggest split screen what
more potency do you want one of these
things is enough to end their
administration in the traditional sense
but this is just Tuesday as you suggest
yeah just Tuesday and you know so he'll
tweet himself out and least in a new
direction within the next 48 hours and
then we'll see where the dust settles
but it is extraordinary and I have no
confidence that we can stick on one
there at over one story for even a
weekly basis yeah that's the problem
so you said that you're looking to run a
state that is a positive alternative to
Donald Trump if you take office as
governor what are the two or three most
important things you want to get done in
that first year to sort of prove that
case that it's a positive alter well
it's hard to say in the first year but
I'll tell you if we don't address the
issue of wealth disparity not just
income inequality the issues of social
mobility this whole experiment collapses
I don't think there's a bigger issue nor
a country I don't think the big area
around the rest of the world all
grappling with this issue these
disparities you know it's interesting I
was just talking to mayor Garcetti from
Los Angeles and he made a point that a
reporter made to him which I thought was
interesting I never put it in
perspective that California is the only
state that's attached to the brand the
California Dream
there's no Iowa dream or New Hampshire
dream it's not necessarily sort of a
part of the conversation and it is
interesting fact about California and
perhaps that's the size and scope or
just what we've always represented that
pioneering spirit of being on the
leading and cutting edge so in that
sense as someone who believes the future
happens here first in California I feel
deep sense of responsibility to address
the issue of those disparities but that
can't be done overnight it's been a 4050
year trend line that's now a headline
but it's simply not sustainable and I
say this as a business guy I've got 23
small businesses or close to a little
over 700 employees in the state and
that's not to impress you but to impress
upon you a strong entrepreneurial bias
meaning I am a pro job pro-business
Democrat
businesses cannot thrive in a world
that's failing and this whole thing is
in peril if we continue down this path
and I'm worried about IT and
globalization detonating the same time
the nature of work changing in real time
the future of work is relates to
automation that this could get out of
hand so we have to address that number
one
so we've talked some people you know
there's a lot of talk about universal
basic income as one potential policy
solution that's very popular in the Bay
Area and all around California
we've had two other people who talked
about Federal jobs guarantee state jobs
guarantee weirdy and some people have
said we need a combination of both where
do you come down on some of those really
big policy solutions and inequality
Valtor said it best said work solves ya
win and by the way so give the guy a
break I'm gonna do this thank you all
right I'm just trying to be as heir
apparent
but halters a you know work solves
life's three great evils boredom vice
and need you can address the issue of
need but you're not necessarily
addressing the issue of boredom advice
and I'm not suggesting that there's not
a fanciful notion of a universal basic
I'm allowing all of us to find our inner
Renaissance self I get all that and I'm
intrigued by it in fact just how the
privilege of spending some time with
Chris Hughes and others that have done a
lot of thinking on this and of course
someone who's been on your show who's a
rock star and really one of my most
favorite politicians in this country not
just the state Michael Tubbs from
Stockton who's experimenting in
California in a local level it's
intriguing to me that said I'm more
interested in enhancing the Earned
Income Tax Credit extending it into the
middle class extending it to caregivers
doing more in that space child tax
credits that I think could more
substantively in the short term address
the issue deep child poverty I think the
issue of child poverty is the issue
we've got to tackle first
again I live in the richest in the
poorest state 7.4 million people living
below the poverty line 134 thousand
homeless anyone comes to California you
sit here and go what the hell's going on
not just in the big urban areas here in
LA or Northern California San Francisco
San Jose but increasingly in the inland
part of the state that's an issue that's
half
on our watch we own that and we've got
to step things up and we've got to look
I think as you suggest in your question
and novel approaches employment
insurance not just unemployment
insurance look at opportunities a new
around a Marshall Plan around
apprenticeship programs and vocational
strategies not just rhetoric in the
margins which frankly has been our
toolkit in the past let's know but
homelessness for a second because San
Francisco has a thorny terrible homeless
problem LA has a thorny terrible
homeless problem you're the mayor of San
Francisco do you view that as a place
where you fail do you view that a place
where you made progress what is your
response to people who hold that out as
a big negative for you yeah I mean a lot
do but there's a lot of lazy pundits
Rhian that I haven't been mayor in seven
eight years and we actually decreased
the street population by 40 percent when
I was mayor so we made enormous progress
in the short term so you think that that
has with those policies abandoned have
have had things gotten worse since you
left no and I'm not and no in fact oh
they've gotten much worse and in this
respect the street population is change
the overall numbers I've addict elite
changed here's the problem though it's
not it's a it's a not a static number we
started with about 7,000 people on the
street we got 12,000 people off the
street there was still close to 7,000
people on the street we did its survey
our annual surveys one survey showed
over ninety percent of the people on the
streets weren't from San Francisco so as
soon as you house two or three people
this dynamic population continues to
challenge mayors cities large and small
so there's no way mayor can solve this
alone it's got to be regionalized
the state of California needs to
intervene State of California's been
nowhere to be found on almost policy in
the past shelter soft sleep housing and
supportive services is the closest
approximation to a solution to
homelessness but the federal government
also needs to reconcile the fact for 40
years Housing and Urban development's
gotten out of the Housing and Urban
Development business and the subsidy
businesses section 8 housing vouchers
public housing providing the kind of
support that cities and counties and
states need so this is animated animated
my why when I ran for mayor in animated
my successes and failures to answer your
question quite honestly and my critics
it fueled them and it also feels my
sense of purpose as it relates to a
candidate for governor
that recognizes that mayor Garcetti here
other mayor's simply cannot do it
without significant resource and
resourcefulness from the next governor
so on resources one thing you've said in
praising Governor Brown is that you can
be progressive without being profligate
someone said that you've gone back and
forth on projects like rail and other
mass mass transit projects where are you
now on high-speed rail in California and
what is how is your position change well
I mean when the facts changed if you
don't change then you're an ideologue
and then I have strong critique of
ideologues of all stripes I was the
co-chair it was a very passionately
engaged in the original bond the nine
point nine five billion dollar bond but
as a 33 billion dollar bond third of the
money was going to come from the private
sector a third of the money from the
feds third of money from the state only
three point five billions come from the
feds not $1 come from the private sector
and the state no longer can afford one
third because the price of this projects
on the low end seventy seven point three
billion dollars high in 98 point one
that said we have a brand new business
plan and the old business plan I
criticized the old leadership frankly I
was very critical of as well and those
reflect my previous comments they have
completely reconstituted the plan
focused it not north/south now east/west
primarily a valley to valley Silicon
Valley to Central Valley plan and I
believe if we can achieve that we're
still short of billions of dollars but
if we can achieve that then we can
invite the private sector and get it
down here in Southern California one
thing that seems to be plaguing cities
playing the entire country is these
projects are extraordinarily expensive
the lengths of time it's taking to
complete them is going up and it's need
to be something that everybody is
wringing their hands about why why has
infrastructure from in the United States
become prohibitively expensive to the
point where we're not building any
process process process you know it I
mean it's one of the great things about
our democracy process people the right
to apply and people have a right to
engage people have a right to a post not
just support people are the right to due
process people have the right to access
justice courts eminent domain
proceedings is a substantive answer to
the question as relates to
the issue of the state doing land
acquisition for right away for this
system being part of the delay our
environmental review which embraces take
a backseat to no one in my passion for
the environment but there's a time value
associated with that and obviously costs
there's no sequa in when they did that
high-speed rail fence Shanghai and
Beijing they weren't worried much about
land acquisition as we are in the United
States due process and access to justice
or remediation let alone the issues of
an environmental justice in the United
States we do and we pay a price for that
and some levels we also are in the envy
of the world for that Ananta levels but
the bottom line is this it goes to the
issue of trust and if you're gonna say
you support something damn it if
something changes have the courage of
saying it's changed and you know what if
there's trade-offs there's honesty and
transparency and you're going to talk
about those trade-offs and I just prefer
politicians that are open argument
interested in evidence and not
ideological Democrats we can't stand the
ideologues on the right and yet when
folks and our party are presented
certain facts and we stubbornly dismiss
them because they're easily knitted into
the progressive frame then we're playing
in the same kind of I think cynicism
that invites critique and so I just
think you got to be more honest more
transparent and large-scale projects
rarely do they come in at time on budget
and that's something we're just gonna
substant amor honest and transparent
about but it has gotten worse I mean is
it it's a problem that's gotten worse
mean these projects are costing more and
taking longer over time basically
everywhere do you not do you see that
something to address you see as a
problem for next yeah I mean a burner to
deal with yeah let me just a very brief
without boring you but let me just
attempt to modestly bore you over a
60-second version so I it's up in our
long-term care facility in San Francisco
Laguna Honda hospital and doesn't matter
what it was but as a 299 million dollar
bond wasn't 300 million it wasn't 305
was 299 and I said well why is it
tonight yeah I mean I found out it's cuz
it poll-tested well but it wasn't what
is gonna cost
and so I expressed that very publicly
saying you know we're making that number
up and folks were outraged and said you
don't care about seniors you don't care
about the health because I was now
I wasn't opposing the project was
opposing the construct of the project
because I knew it would disappoint
people it's exactly what happened wildly
over that budget significantly more
modest in terms of projects hope so when
I became mayor rather than criticizing I
had the chance to rebuild our public
hospital 884 point six million dollars
people said why eight hundred eighty
four point six because we actually did
the pre development work we put money up
to figure out actually how much it cost
you know in doing so the voters
overwhelmingly supported it because we
were honest about it even though the
polling said we probably better to say
it's 499 million my point is if you're
honest you're transparent by the way
came in right on time and on budget
interestingly and of the last mayor
could take credit not me because he was
on the back end of that construction
project but the point is that's how I
think you approach these things just be
damn honest change so let's talk about
something very costly single-payer
health care you've been very supportive
over the course of the campaign you've
expressed in the past support for Senate
bill 562 single-payer health care here
in California amended yes right so it
passed the state Senate it died an
assembly do you as governor do you hope
to revive that bill do you want to see a
new bill how do you how do you plan to
get single-payer passed it needs to be
pulled into the governor's office the
executive needs to lead it Obamacare
would not have happened it was just
exclusively a legislative Fiat that said
Nancy Pelosi did a magical job of
organizing it but it required the
concerted contributions in the president
nine states the only way in a state
whose populations larger than 163
Nations California's economies larger
than all but four nations the fifth
largest economy to approximate a
strategy for universal carriers with the
