welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau I'm dan Piper later in the pod
our interview with Katie Hill a
congressional candidate running for a
flippable seat right here in California
she joined Dan and Elissa on stage at
our HBO dress rehearsal in Glendale last
week we're also going to talk about how
Donald Trump mocked dr. Christine Blasi
Ford and apparently got rich by
committing tax fraud cool president Wow
what's going on with him
vote save America register register to
vote vote save America calm just go get
some friends ask them to get their
friends check of your registered
convince people who you think might vote
but our you know sort of lazy or maybe
forgetful to go register just go do it
it's really important
one more housekeeping thing there's
going to be a schedule change for pod
save America because of the HBO specials
that start next week
oh my god we're now gonna applaud save
America on Monday and Wednesday just in
time for your commute so we will record
them in the morning and they'll be out
by late afternoon and we will be
splitting up the pods it'll be depending
on which of us is around since we're all
going to be traveling all over the place
but so it'll be some combination of the
four of us will do pods two and two so
Dan you and I will start on Monday we
will record this morning and then you'll
have a pod Monday night and then next
week love it and Tommy will do Wednesday
morning and that pod will be out
Wednesday evening and then on Friday you
can watch this on HBO 11:00 p.m. we will
be in Miami for the first of our four
midterm specials
it'll be the four of us and Erin Ryan in
Miami very exciting yeah guys like we're
not gonna have Game of Thrones in 2018
so let's get those positive American
people to do it well that you know you
just raise the bar we're not gonna have
any dragon action no one took that
seriously that a single human being we
tried to get dragons and they
they said now okay let's get to the news
on Tuesday evening as the FBI was in the
middle of investigating allegations that
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
sexually assaulted multiple women Donald
Trump held a political rally where he
openly mocked dr. Christine Blasi Ford
and lied about the testimony she
delivered to the Senate Trump also said
this week that it's a quote scary time
for young men in America where you can
be guilty of something you may not be
guilty of this is a very very difficult
time what's happening here has much more
to do than even the appointment of a
Supreme Court justice okay before we get
into all of this first let's just play
the clip of Trump from the rally last
night cuz you really got to hear it to
believe it 36 years ago this happened I
had one beer right I had one beer well
you think I was rooting up there was one
beer oh good
how did you get home I don't remember
how'd you get there don't remember where
is the place I don't remember how many
years ago was it I don't know
I don't know I don't know what
neighborhood was it and I don't know
where's the house I don't know upstairs
downstairs where was I don't know but I
had one beer that's the only thing I
remember and a man's life is in tatters
a man's life is shattered his wife has
shattered his daughters who are
beautiful incredible young kids they
destroy people they want to destroy
people these are really evil people dan
a few weeks ago the White House got a
bunch of stories placed about how Trump
was handling these allegations with
remarkable restraint what do you think
changed his mind and what was your
reaction in general to that awful clip
every part of that was awful so my
non-serious reaction is that was the
worst one-act play in American history
we're trying to get the hosts the words
one band play in American district
second this is yet another reminder that
Trump is a troglodyte with the empathy
of a surgical sponge I mean he is just a
horrible human being and to the point
how we've been doing this for four years
basically since Trump started running
for president god help us and every time
someone goes out and praises Trump's
restraint they end up with egg on their
face this was bound to happen it was
just a matter of time and he managed to
do it at in the really even for him an
absolutely disgusting way to do it like
my you know as I sort of watched the
reaction to this today and some of the
news reports I sort of had flashbacks to
2016 because usually the pattern was
Trump would say something horribly
offensive and then the most most of the
reaction would be about how offensive it
was now this of course was one of the
more offensive things he's ever said but
it was also a lie and a lot of people
have just skipped over the fact that
he's he's just lying up there too and
you know I saw
see Graham I saw some other Republicans
say well the president Sarah Huckabee
Sanders well the president was just
stating the facts well no he wasn't he
claimed that she didn't know how many
years ago it was didn't know what
neighborhood it was didn't know whether
it happened upstairs or downstairs and
he said the only thing she remembers is
having a beer none of that is true none
of that is true
she remembered all of those things the
only thing she said she didn't remember
is how she got to and from the party in
the exact address everything else she
said she remembered and when she was
asked to what degree of certainty do you
believe that Brett Kavanaugh was the one
who attempted to sexually assault you
she said 100% 100%
I also by the way thought it was
ridiculous that what just a few weeks
ago where Trump said oh I found her not
last week I guess Trump said oh I found
her very credible so I guess I guess he
doesn't find her credible anymore I
guess that just got thrown out the
window it was just it was gross man it's
gross he I mean he's a terrible human
being I mean we know that and we gloss
over it
and it's also yes like Lindsey Graham
and others today try to if they didn't
really try to find it most have said
that he shouldn't have said it but just
the we've just come to accept as a
political culture a such a lovable level
of terribleness and the president days
that he was attacking a a victim of
sexual assault that he found credible
seven days ago and today he stands up in
front of a crowd an angry partisan crowd
frothing at the mouth and attack sir in
just the most violent way possible and
when we talk about you know one day
Trump won't be President
hopefully we're all still living we
haven't died in some sort of nuclear
attack and maybe Kevin all the other
quarter maybe you won't but the the
damage that is being done to the sort of
the moral fabric of this country from
the fact that people see this in a good
portion of the country find it
acceptable because Trump is doing it
that damage is going to be really hard
to do
I mean this is a woman who has been
getting death threats her family's been
getting death threats she had to move
out of her home her she's been doxed her
email was hacked I mean this is someone
who's had to go through quite a bit over
the last couple weeks in addition to
sitting in front of the Senate and
recounting to the world the worst
experience of her life and the president
ID States is leading a crowd full of
people who were just laughing laughing
about this it is it is pretty gross we
should talk about the response from the
Senate swing vote Susan Collins said the
president's remarks were quote just
plain wrong Jeff Flake sat on The Today
Show that they were quote kind of
appalling and that there's no time in
place for remarks like this Lisa
Murkowski said Trump's comments were
quote inappropriate and unacceptable dan
do you think this will affect their
votes or is it just in their minds a
very unhelpful thing that they have to
sort of deal with I think it's not
helpful I think they think is about
helpful thing yeah they have to deal
with now I'm not even sure it should
affect their votes yeah it's unpopular
take I mean I look I want them all to
vote no no one doesn't know for a
multitude of reasons but yeah it doesn't
seem like trumps comments at a Preta at
a rally is the thing that should put
them over the edge they should either
yeah it should already be there does we
mentioned at the top Trump's comments on
Tuesday night weren't some random
outburst this is from Bloomberg News on
Wednesday quote Trump's attack on Ford
was deliberate White House officials
said they believe they can harness the
controversy to energize the president's
core supporters who regard the
allegations against Cavanaugh is a
democratic plot and part of a broader
cultural war against white males in
effect the inverse of the me2 movement
to hold powerful men accountable for
sexual abuses Dan what do you think
about this there's definitely a bit of a
split trend in recent polling on one
hand a number of polls that have come
out since the testimony last week showed
overall support for cab
is plummeting it has declined among
Democrats it has declined among
independents but on the other hand
Republican support for Cavanaugh is
rising I just saw a poll today that
Republican support for Cavanaugh is now
greater than Republican support for Neal
Gorsuch was so apparently if you are
accused of sexual assault and you even
if you believe a person is falsely
accused of sexual assault I don't quite
understand why that would make you more
supportive of that nominee than the
nominee that was already confirmed who
was not accused of sexual assault but so
be it
and the other thing we're seeing in
polling is the percentage of Republicans
who say they're excited to vote in the
midterms is rising and we've seen a few
polls where the overall generic ballot
is tightening though that could be some
noise because you know polls are polls
so what do you think about all this so I
think there's a couple of things we
ought to separate so first is I've been
waiting for this moment since the launch
of the v-2 both met last year and I'm
surprised it's taken this long for
Republicans to be this overt about it
because it really is a natural extension
of modern republicanism which is they
believe politics is a zero-sum equation
and if society identifies a group of
people who have been treated unjustly
helping them in the Republican mindset
means that there must be some group
who's victimized and Republicans look at
that and have looked at that as
political opportunity so you look you
know the best example is when the
passage of the Voting Rights Act and
civil rights act where Republicans took
they saw an opportunity in the passage
of civil rights legislation to go get
Southern Southern whites datoria their
party and build until the majority and
you know we've seen this with
immigration using sort of a growing you
know elite consensus around immigration
to gin up white people and this is it
made its backlash politics pure and
simple it is what Republicans do and the
question is is this a good short-term
strategy is it a good medium term long
gamora tragedy so I look at media short
term is 18 medium term is 20 and long
term is the is a longer arc of the next
generation to a politics I think there
is some evidence that it is a good short
term strategy I think there is it is a
no idea whether it's gonna be the term
strategy and it is definitely a bad long
term strategy because if you were
staking your ground on white men you
have decided that you are going to put
all of your horses in depend and defend
the smallest most rapidly eroding hill
in American politics yeah and it is
white men it's also there's a big
education split here too it may be even
bigger than gender they you know in the
Quinnipiac poll the college versus non
college number was pretty intense 60% of
college educated white women oppose
Cavanaugh a majority of non-college
educated white women support him and of
course the numbers on men are even
sharper with the non-college numbers way
way up but it is I mean is it's it's
similar to what we the sort of the same
divides that we saw in the 2016 election
as well it's the same sort of divides
you see on issues like immigration on
issues like terrorism that the the only
demographic groups that vote heavily
Republican now like you said our men and
non-college educated white men and women
and those are their groups and so you're
right they're staking and the funny
thing is they're not the Republican plan
the Republican strategy is to not
propose policies that might help those
demographic groups they've long stopped
doing that they don't have an economic
plan for non-college educated white men
who are struggling or white women who
are struggling they don't have any of
that all they have is immigrants are
gonna come take your jobs and immigrants
are gonna commit crime and terrorists
are gonna commit a crime that don't look
like you because they're immigrants too
or they're you know they're people for
foreign sorry let me try that again and
you know and terrorists are gonna come
and attack you and I and so only
Republicans can keep you safe and now
you're gonna be falsely accused of
sexual assault that's the other thing
that's the new thing you have to worry
about so everything they do is around
this there is a there's a threat there
is an existential threat to white men
and especially non-college educated
white men and women from liberals
Democrats immigrants feminists this is
it this it's just it's a culture war and
they're the ones starting the culture
war and it's in to mean this has also
been the the flames of this have been
fanned like this just doesn't happen out
of the blue during this cavanaugh
navigation you have no nomination this
happened because like all these
right-wing radio hosts and everyone on
Fox decided to end Trump decided to go
all in and tell people that you know our
entire society now is beset by false
accusations of sexual assault which
again is not true that it's really
dangerous it is a dangerous moment in
the country where you can because we
have become such a partisan polarized
country and particularly on the right
where the idea really is here that what
America is changing faster than you
wanted to change and all these liberals
and the leaks and immigrants and black
presidents of the middle name Hussein
and women presidents are all trying to
try to ruin what America used to be and
if a bunch of a bunch of captains of the
football team
like Brett like Brett Bart Cavanaugh and
we and Mark judge can't get together and
have a few beers and not be risk calling
being accused of sexual assault then
what is America right and it's just it
it is it isn't a stout it is it is
victim it is victimization wrapped in
the soundtrack and that is sort of the
core of trumpism right and well that and
that's why they and in Trump said this
in his own remarks he said oh it's
bigger than the Supreme Court their
strategy is to make this about more than
bread Cavanaugh they don't want to focus
on just bread Cavanaugh's this case they
want to say this is an attack on all
white men right
and Democrats what we're all saying is
like no no we are just trying to find
the truth in this one case that's before
us right now and even though we may
never know exactly what happened and
even though we may not have evidence to
charge back Brett Kavanaugh with the
crime what we're saying is this is a job
interview for the highest court on the
land and should this person have a
lifetime appointment and have incredible
power over the interpretation of the
laws in this country over millions of
people's lives does this person have the
character and temperament to do that and
all we're saying is you should weigh the
evidence in favor of voting for more
opposing him and then make a decision
like we're trying to make this narrow
they're trying to make this a gigantic
culture war and that should tell you
something about what their true goals
are here if they don't care about it
they don't care about Brett Kavanaugh
himself
they're like brick having us like a
 Bush administration person who
you know Donald Trump was afraid of that
at the beginning when he picked him and
now know he loves him because he's this
like martyr stand in for like everything
that's gone wrong with white got white
guys apparently there is nothing that
will get you faster into Donald Trump's
good graces there'd be incredibly
accused of sexual assault
who says Ron Porter whatever oh he's
icky he seems like he might have abused
some women Ron can't lose Ron for trying
to give another job the administration
Brett Kavanaugh random Federalist
Society robot who will vote the way we
want Oh Brett Kavanaugh accuse credibly
accused of sexual assault that our fight
for Brett Kavanaugh gets her feet like
it's everything to trump as a mirror and
so he sees in himself this if he can win
this for Brett Kavanaugh it will somehow
prove his innocence
yeah and even within the Republican
Party this isn't as clear cut as as it
is within the Democratic Party there's a
poll out on Wednesday that had an
interesting question that made it not
about Brett Kavanaugh specifically the
question was if a political candidate
has been accused of sexual assault by
multiple
people would you still consider voting
for them if you agreed with them on the
issues or would you definitely not vote
for them 56% of Republicans said they
would consider voting for a candidate
who've been accused by multiple people
only 34 percent said they were not by
contrast 81% of Democrats said they
would not vote for such a candidate and
only 16% said that they'd consider it so
like so much else in our politics
this is asymmetric between the two
parties it is not that you know Moe all
Democrats are you know would vote
against such a person all probably as
well for it is most you know all
Democrats are mostly on the same page
most Democrats are on the same page and
even within the Republican Party their
display partly because those numbers
among Republican women are not that high
more Republican women would think about
what think twice about voting for a
candidate who's been accused of sexual
assault so really it's it's a Republican
men that are that are holding it up here
that whole you know why because I have
news for all of those Republicans who
told the pollster they would not vote
for a candidate they did president 810
of you voted for him he is on tape
bragging about sexual assault what are
you people talking about that is a good
point that is a good well I mean the
other thing that I've been thinking
about this last week is how just like
everything else this whole episode like
everything goes down the memory hole and
we all forget about it five to five days
later like I'm trying to think back to
the moment where dr. Christine Blasi
