well I was gonna put this out of the
video if I don't show that okay welcome
to pod save America I'm Jon Favreau I'm
Dan Pfeiffer later in the pod you'll
hear jon lovitz interview with New York
gubernatorial candidate cynthia nixon
they chatted last week after her debate
with Governor Andrew Cuomo who we also
invited to join us for an interview but
he did not take us up on it sad we're
also gonna talk today about the fallout
from bob woodward's new book and the
anonymous senior trump administration
official who warned the world in a New
York Times op-ed that the president is
unstable then we'll have an update on
the Cavanagh hearings and talk about
some exciting 2018 Democrats who are
running to help stop this madness few
house creeping things on this week's
crooked conversations Brian boiler has
an interview with senator Elizabeth
Warren about her plan to save American
politics from corruption and save
capitalism from itself all you fans of
Brian's old podcast primary concerns
he's back he's back out crooked
conversations with a fantastic
conversation with Senator Warren so
check it out on this week's keep it Jon
Lovitz IRA Cara and Louis to talk about
the New Yorkers uninviting of Steve
Bannon to its ideas festival that seems
like something that happened three years
ago and on this week's pod saved the
world
Tommy talks with the Wall Street
Journal's Julie Biko it's about how the
government and Qatar is trying to
influence President Trump by giving the
people he watches on Fox News cool trips
to Doha wow that's crazy
tell me send me something else here okay
Tommy also does a roundup of some of the
foreign policy news out of the new
Woodward book so check that out and a
reminder that DeRay McKesson the host of
POD save the people has a new book out
that you can get right now at der a calm
it's called the other side of freedom
he's also on tour and you can find more
information about sorry he's also on
tour and you can find
information about where you can see him
on his website check it out man
everyone everyone from crooked media has
a book huh why are you written a book
yet the writers of your generation
because I can't write more than 140
characters at a time man sorry to say hi
to I think it gets close to 80 right to
it
okay well anyway anyone wants a 280
character anyone wants a 280 character
book give me a call okay
you could you could probably sell it go
give this just a compilation of your
tweets
there's so sad it's it's sad because
there are people out there who will do
that I'm sure and sell books based on
the compilation of their tweets all
right let's get to the news because
there is plenty of it
the week began with Donald Trump having
a meltdown over Bob Woodward's new book
which has various senior White House
staff and cabinet secretaries calling
the president every different version of
stupid and dishonest you can think of
then on Thursday Trump was called the
following a moral anti-democratic
impetuous petty ineffective reckless
erratic unstable and he was accused of
quote acting in a manner that is
detrimental to the health of our
Republic these accusations were made not
by a Democrat or a member of the media
or even a nevertrump Republican they
were made by a senior administration
official who wrote an anonymous op-ed in
the New York Times the Trump official
also claimed that there had been
whispers among the cabinet about
invoking the 25th amendment which would
allow for the removal of the president
but they didn't want to start a
constitutional crisis thanks
and so this Trump official wants us to
know that they are quote unsung heroes
and quote adults in the room who were
stopping some of trumps worst impulses
they called themselves not the deep
state dan but the steady state so I just
want to start by saying thank you
Patriots for your service we are all
indebted to you Dan what was your first
reaction to this to this out bad
yesterday no
it what we we know all of these things
we know them from reporting that's been
going on for almost two years now
we know this from all the various books
from people as esteemed as Bob Woodward
and as sketchy as a Marrissa everything
in the middle toss is the same thing
about common trumpet he is a dangerously
unfit willfully ignorant man child with
incapable of controlling his emotion Dan
we knew this we knew this from the
moment that he walked down the
escalator in Trump Tower and announced
that he was going to run for president
of the United States and every single
thing he has tweeted since then or said
in public has confirmed it yes
no anyone we know that from some
secret source plague modern-day Dieterle
knows because we have accessed the
 Twitter he tells us every day
and we will talk about this but his
response to the accusation is he is an
unstable with a passing knowledge
how government works his response to
that was to validate it by sending
tweets in bloom attic I'm gonna table
more I didn't understand how government
works I mean it is it's no shame and I
have you know how much respect I have
for this person and how much gratitude I
have from the patriotism zero-zero Sam I
think they should quit walk out of there
and put your name put your name to if
you truly believe what you said in there
then you owe it to the country not to
enable the currently in office
here it is to step away publicly say who
you are what you saw and what needs to
change because you if you are assaulting
nearly from trumped the NAG of media the
Republicans it's easy to dismiss
anonymous source it becomes much harder
if there is a person with a title and
experience and a reputation that is on
the line here and that's what this
person should have done yeah a few
things here number one we're also not
just talking about some single
individual who's decided to write an
op-ed here the person in the op-ed said
there are multiple senior administration
officials in the government who feel the
same way
a couple senior administration officials
immediately reached out to Axios after
that and said the person took the words
right out of my mouth wish I could have
said the same thing so we know and we
know from the Woodward book that just
came out this week we knew from previous
books you said that there are a lot of
people in the administration who feel
the same way and what you said about
what they should be doing about this is
exactly right people from you know the
left side of the spectrum
jeet here at the New Republic all the
way to David Frum at the Atlantic we're
all talking about this last night and
they both of those guys said the same
thing which is this is essentially an
administrative coup d'etat this is
basically but there is a mechanism for
removing the President of the United
States from office if you believe he is
unfit to serve or he has abused his
office in some way and those those
mechanisms the most I'm sorry most
important one is impeachment you can
impeach him you can go public you can
bring these concerns to Congress and
then Congress couldn't reach the
president you could invoke the 25th
amendment though as we've said before
even invoking the 25th amendment you
know it starts with the cabinet but then
it has to go to Congress to either way
either way the only constitutional
Avenue for removing the president from
office ultimately leads to Congress
doing its duty we know that Congress has
refused to do its duty so far but if
there are a bunch of individuals within
the administration who believe that the
president is a threat to our national
security which the person who wrote this
op-ed clearly believes the president is
a threat to national security then you
should go to Congress let them know let
the public know and then put the
pressure on Congress to remove the
president from office that's what you do
what you don't do is keep the president
in office say nothing or say it
anonymously in the New York Times or
tell reporters about it on background
and do nothing because you want to still
take what you can get from this
president whether it's a tax cut or
whether it's putting Brett Kavanaugh on
the Supreme Court
that's not that's that's the unpatriotic
way of handling this the if this is an
administrative coup d'etat is the least
effective coup d'etat in the long
history of coup d'etat because it was
just a few maybe a month ago that the
quote-unquote steady state failed to
resent the president from standing next
to Vladimir Putin and endorsing Putin's
view of whatever 2016 election over the
information and objections of America's
own intelligence community
if the steady-state was so effective the
president probably would not have put
out a statement endorsing the solution
he would not have put out a statement
siding with the neo-nazis who protested
in charge so they there this whole idea
that there's some quote-unquote
committee to say of America filled with
true patriots is these people
are senior they're not senior
ministration officials they are senior
administration enablers so we're
continuing the fiction that we are not
headed towards a cliff in this country
because we have a clown president yeah
like where were these people when the
Trump administration was ripping
children away from their parents and
putting them in cages when they were
didn't see reference today that yes the
senior administration official didn't
there's dozens of other Patriots to come
together to protect America they may
believe accurately the Donald Trump is
dangerously unfit for the job that is
patently obvious but let's not forget
the reason that these supports they are
propping up or weekend at bernie's
president is because they looked tax
cuts they were pollution they loved
deregulation and they seemed to be
completely fine with a the moral
atrocity of a policy of separating
children from their parents that is not
what they are trying to stop they are
trying to keep trying to keep the game
going as long as possible so they can
score as many conservative points as
they can until everyone figures is out
in Shepherdson out of office either by
ballot box or some other mechanism
well that's exactly right I mean the
real coup d'etat here is that a bunch of
conservative Republicans have made a
bargain with themselves saying ok we
will allow the President to pursue his
ethno nationalist xenophobic policies
and statements whether it's immigration
whether it's weighted in charlottesville
whatever else it might be and we will
risk the security of the country in the
event of a national security crisis or
some kind of attack we will risk that
because it hasn't happened yet by just
sort of but but while we risk that we
will make sure that we take everything
we can get and and make sure that all of
our policy preferences conservative
policy preferences are realized so we'll
take the tax cuts will take Brett
Kavanaugh will take all the other you
know conservative wish list of policies
that we're hoping for and as we try to
take everything we can get we'll just
hold out hope that maybe things don't
get worse that maybe something really
bad doesn't happen and it maybe we can
stop some of the worst things he's doing
and is there a risk that we won't be
able to stop it and then he could really
do something horrible yeah but that risk
is worth it as long as we get our stuff
that's basically what they've said
that's and that's not that's right
that's not just the deal that senior
administration officials have made
that's the deal that just about every
Republican member of Congress has made
to I mean it's like it's a Paul Ryan
bargain it's the same thing I mean I
think you pointed this out but this is
not a ton different from Paul Ryan
telling mark Leibovich of the New York
Times in August well at least I can wake
up and look at myself in the mirror and
say I've prevented that tragedy and that
tragedy and that tragedy and Leibovich
said well what do you mean which
tragedies he said well I'm not gonna say
okay well you're not gonna say and also
this is the first time you've brought
this up in August of 2018 and he's been
president since January of 2017 so yeah
you've been living pretty dishonestly
yourself Paul Ryan tragedy prevention is
not like your batting average of the MLB
like 300 on tragedy prevention is not
something to be proud of you're supposed
to prevent all the tragedies it's just I
it is like I found myself the first I I
read the op-ed the first time I was like
no like you said I was also curious
I'm like who did this and then as I read
it again last night a couple times
preparing for this pod I found myself
angrier and angrier each time I read it
because like we can all joke about oh
you know some people are like well you
know Trump is obviously he's an awful
president blah blah blah but you know
we've lived through worse and and that's
definitely true but you know we've said
this before on this pod we still haven't
lived through a genuine national
security crisis or terrorist attack or
global pandemic under Donald Trump and
we are very lucky for that but that luck
could run out at any moment and if it
does the fact remains that we have a
dangerously unstable man with his finger
on the nuclear button and that is not
just my judgment that is not the
judgment of most Americans there's not
just the judgment of most Americans it's
the judgment of the people who work for
the President himself we all know it and
we are like living on borrowed time here
because when this happens when something
bad happens and he handles it the way
that we imagine he'll handle it which is
the way that an unstable maniac
would handle it everyone's gonna be like
oh how could we have prevented this well
now now is the time we could have
prevented it if Republicans actually
 stood up to this man I mean the
thing about all of this is even if all
of this is true and obvious to anyone
with eyes but even if Trump was
moderately competent at his job had
impulse control better than a
seven-year-old had a knowledge of
government better than a fifth or sixth
grader as general mattis would say even
if that was true is still still a
mayerly company racist who's been
credibly accused of sexual assault 19
times right and so even if you get his
there are so much long hair he's a bad
person who was bad at his job who
doesn't know what he is doing it's not
just one thing it's like well you know
you read the histories
Ragan in the final years of the White
House and he was clear beginning to
suffer some of the challenges of
Alzheimer's according to some of the
reports and people were sort of like
there was an apparatus to sort of prop
that right this is not keeping this is
something very different than that Trump
is bad in every way that person
everywhere else and there's an entire
Republican Party who has turned a blind
eye to it issue point in order to
advance their agenda and they know time
is short
right whether it's because Trump losing
an election because whatever can happen
by Mahler and so it is just sham as much
horrible through the system as
possible before this accidental
president is forced leave office one way
or another yeah now just to turn to what
I consider the minor point here do we
have any clue who wrote this op-ed and
does it even matter I know this is
what's on everyone's mind this is what
everyone's wondering this is the
question that's coming up in the media a
lot in fact who's driving to the office
today
I stopped at a stoplight and this guy in
a motorcycle pulls up next to me and
he's like hey Jon love pod save America
who do you think the senior
administration official was this isn't
DC we live in Los Angeles and I was like
I don't know man I'm like you know
senior administration official that
could be a whole bunch of people it
could be a mid-level staffer the way the
New York Times does and I'm like getting
into this debate with him while we're at
this red light he's like right right I
guess it could be a lower level staffer
than we think that's true that's true
he's like so you don't think it was like
John Kelly I was like no I don't think
it was John Kelly and the light turns
green any zooms off what's happening
right now I guess I guess you should be
glad that everyone's engaged in politics
but yeah important that's true that is
true there's a tiny iota of a silver
lining in this very dark cloud that
America I screamed I screamed after him
as he sped away I was like vote save
America make sure you're right is dirt I
do not have a guess my dad asked me this
last night too
to me it's like who do you think it was
I was like I have no idea he's like come
on come on make a guess all right the
only thing I could narrow it down to is
I do think it's probably someone who is
not the senior-most level at the White
House it has to be senior enough that
the New York Times you know I trusted
the New York Times wouldn't print
someone who was super junior here I
would bet that it's someone who works on
national security issues since those
people seem to be the most alarmed or
legal issues in the Department of
Justice since you know Trump has
probably levelled the most attacks on
the rule of law and has probably worried
people on national security apparatus
more than anywhere else but again I'm
completely guessing I have no idea what
do you think if I had to pick a guess
based on nothing I would guess dan
coates oh yeah he put out a statement
this morning saying that it went yeah he
said was not me or my deputy because our
principles exactly what exactly the
author anonymous piece with it okay well
it's funny because they are all putting
out statements this morning this is
Thursday morning we're recording this
you know the like pence and his office
said of course it's been beneath the
office of the vice president yeah right
okay you once write an op-ed saying that
like Mulan was a you know threat to the
country
beneath Mike Pence's office so you know
he's denying it ben Carson denied it
like thanks Ben yeah we really thought
it was you so a bunch of people are
denying it now and I just wonder like at
what point
I mean clearly these people don't have a
problem with lying so who knows yeah I
think the New York Times I've had I've
been thinking a lot about their decision
to do this like wasn't the right thing
to do was it you know just it's
unprecedented and I do think the New
York Times sort of owes us he owes the
public the answer to three questions
that are very critical and some of its
implied and so we may know the answer
they won't stay at one does this person
work in the White House hmm right
because I think it is
