everyone ready all right welcome to pod
save America I'm Jon Favreau I'm Dan
Pfeiffer later in the pod you'll hear a
conversation Tommy and I had last week
with chef Jose Andres this week marks
the one-year anniversary of hurricane
Maria making landfall in Puerto Rico and
Jose's new book we fed an island is
about the relief work he did in the
months after the storm which he's doing
again right now in the wake of Hurricane
Florence because Jose is a wonderful
person we're also gonna hear from
quicker contributor jalisa our seyh who
last weekend shared a copy of her new
book someone like me with none other
than Steve Banat story we'll hear from
jalisa she also launched a four-part
series on crooked conversations this
week with hysterias grace Parra called
defining us which will explore and
celebrate the identity and voting
potential of Latin X communities also on
this week's pod save the world former
Secretary of State John Kerry is
recording for duty just like that joke
Dan that really got a lot of Ilyitch
some Lovitz joke join Tommy and me to
talk about everything from the Iran deal
to Y Rex Tillerson wasn't allowed to go
with him to dinner finally we put up a
lot of new on vote save America
this week so go check it out make sure
you're registered make sure everyone you
know is registered also an announcement
if you sign up for a shift volunteering
for any Democrat running in the crooked
eight between now and September 23rd
you'll be entered to win two tickets for
our live show in Los Angeles on Friday
September 28th you can check out all the
details at vote save America comm slash
California we want to say hi next Friday
we're gonna be doing basically a live
dress rehearsal for our HBO show the
trailer for which is out today that'll
be on social media and then you can
you'll be seeing it on HBO this weekend
so the HBO show is coming dan what's
happening I well two things one if you
don't if a democratic house is not
attentive enough I guess listening to us
talking about politics in person there
will be incentive enough cool cool cards
a second now that the trailers out no
take back to HBO you are stuck with us
there's these four up to ten they're
stuck the Turner zone it has to happen I
suppose I suppose they could just decide
not to do it just have that trailer up
there we'd have a nice you know minute
trailer but okay we have a lot of news
here's where we are in the Cavanaugh
nomination the White House and every
single Senate Republican refused to
allow an independent investigation into
credible allegations that the Supreme
Court nominees sexually assaulted dr.
Christine Blasi Ford when the two of
them were in high school they refused to
allow anyone sorry they refused to allow
the FBI to reopen Cavanaugh's background
check they refused to interview anyone
who may have witnessed the assault or
attended the party they refused to
interview dr. blazes therapist whom she
told about the assault in 2012 they
refused to talk to anyone or do anything
but allow Brett Kavanaugh and dr. Blasi
to testify before the Senate Judiciary
Committee on Monday where she would be
questioned by Republican senators who
have already called her quote mistaken
and quote mixed up in response dr. blaze
these lawyers have said that she's
willing to cooperate with the committee
but believes that a nonpartisan
investigation led by the FBI should be
the first step in addressing the
allegations and that the rush to a
hearing that doesn't allow any other
witnesses to testify is unnecessary and
contrary to the committee discovering
the truth Dan I want to start with the
request for an FBI investigation we got
some Republicans saying the FBI doesn't
do that sort of thing some saying that
Brett Kavanaugh has already been through
multiple FBI background checks for his
previous appointments and confirmations
some are saying that it would take too
long what do you think could the FBI
conduct a fair timely investigation that
would help resolve these allegations
they certainly can can doc can and
should conduct a investigation and we
know they can do this because in a very
similar situation during after Anita
Hills allegations against Clarence
Thomas which happened after the original
FBI background investigation of Clarence
the FBI at the request of then President
George HW Bush reopened the
investigation into this allegation that
investigation took a month no three
weeks now three days so it can be done
will it resolve the question we don't
know but there's no harm in trying to to
actually do it they have the FBI has
ability to do it all I would take his
one phone call from God began to the FBI
to ask them to do it and none other than
senator orrin hatch who said that this
isn't the kind of thing the FBI does
said back in 1991 about the FBI
investigating Anita Hills claims this
was the very right appropriate thing to
do that was a quote from orrin hatch in
1991 also just recently John you a
former clerk to Clarence Thomas and
general counsel for the Senate Judiciary
Committee said he was quote surprised
the committee is holding the hearing
without an FBI request because it is
quote normal to ask the FBI to do more
and the FBI quote could have done this
in a day or two this is someone who was
a former clerk to Clarence Thomas as a
porter of Judge Cavanaugh's nomination
saying that this could be done I
shouldn't leave that part up like yes so
so then we know that it's possible but
like so put the Putin put the FBI
investigation aside right even if the
Republicans decide they don't want an
FBI investigation why wouldn't the
Republicans invite other witnesses to
testify
why wouldn't they subpoena mark judge
Brett Kavanaugh s friend who dr. Blasi
said was in the room at the time of the
assault because they do not want to find
out the truth everything the Republicans
have been doing since the moment the
Washington Post published the story on
Sunday suggests they do not believe
Kavanaugh is innocent of this because if
they did then the FBI investigation they
would believe the FBI was fine that he
that he
or that there was not conclusive proof
that this has happened therefore they
would want that you would want the I
would be named eyewitness to testify
under oath that it did not happen then
it goes from he said she said - he said
he said she said and so everything they
have done suggests that they want to
dispense with this with the a simple
checking of the box and move on because
the more they look the more worried they
are that we will find more about dishes
in it or other incident yeah I just I
can't understand the mark judge thing
because this is someone who he told the
Weekly Standard last week that the
allegations are completely false but has
since told the Judiciary Committee in a
letter that he has quote no memory of
what happened and does not wish to talk
to senators about it and you know this
is someone who's written for a number of
different conservative publications he's
written several books basically he wrote
a memoir of his struggles with drinking
while he went to Georgetown Prep
includes a character named Bart oak
Cavanaugh who gets drunk a lot in the
memoir but it seems like if this is if
this is someone who truly could
exonerate potentially Brett Kavanaugh
and who was in the room like why
wouldn't they call him I'm still
confused why they wouldn't have him
testify like you said it's it's it's
clear that either Republicans do not
believe that Cavanaugh is completely
innocent or and we'll talk about this
soon they're just you know really
concerned with the timing of this
because they want to rush this through
as as much as possible so yeah and then
like they have no good reason for not a
subpoena a mark judge Lindsey Graham was
asked about this on Tuesday and he said
why don't you want to subpoena mark
judge and he just said no reason to oh
no no reason why would we subpoena the
other witness the other witness who was
potentially in the room at the time yeah
I think it was a lot to do with the idea
that mark judge himself is my particular
compelling character given some of the
things he's written and said about women
yeah over time and also I think they're
nervous about what mark judge could say
about what Brett Kavanaugh or Bartow
Cavanaugh
did in high school and how he acted in
high school and so like their this is a
whitewash they are trying to seem like
they are being responsive to this new
information without actually getting any
information and they do not want to slow
this down under any circumstances do you
think the Republicans even want the
steering Robert cost at the Washington
Post's last night reported that several
top Republican lawmakers have told
colleagues that they hope dr. Blasi
declines to show up for the hearing even
as they issue statements urging her to
do so what are they afraid of they're
the worst people nothing more
like we definitely want to know about
this we care you know we actually don't
because we know what would happen we
know this would be bad for us
politically because we have a woman who
has made a very credible accusation of
sexual assault against their Supreme
Court nominee and the Republicans have
zero women on the Jewish or committees
they should be questioned by eleven men
none of whom seem to be particularly
sensitive and so it is they do not they
simply want this to go away as fast as
possible and it says so much about that
because there is no vote more
consequential that a senator makes than
a Supreme Court nomination this is the
moment there are no takeovers no
dewbacks nothing else this it knows it
so much I get this is one where there
are no do-overs you take this vote and
this person won't be on the court for
decades it's not even like a major piece
of legislation which can be amended over
time and they are doing this with
expressly trying to know as little as
possible and they're at risk of putting
on the court to be the deciding vote on
overturning Roe vs. Wade a man who has
been credibly accused of sexual assault
you would think that you would this
would be the one the one constitutional
responsibility they would take
seriously but instead they are treating
it as if it is just something to get
done so they can get that lunch order I
mean even putting the morality of this
aside which I only do because we have
not seen a lot of evidence of morality
from the Republican Party since Donald
Trump became
or much before that just from a pure
political standpoint you know I've seen
both liberals and a few conservatives
right this like why wouldn't you want if
you truly believed that Brett Kavanaugh
is innocent if you believe him when he
says this never happened but why
wouldn't you want a full investigation
to clear his name as best you can so
that when you ultimately take the vote
then his confirmation is unfirm ur
ground and you and you feel better about
it so then you know like if they if they
rush this vote Monday and more
information comes out or we still just
have the same cloud of suspicion hanging
over it their you know their vote is not
going to be as politically safe as it
would be if they have a full
investigation that you know potentially
exonerates this man it's crazy yeah it
is just if the whole thing is just crazy
late try to like thinking through the
politics of this you're exactly right
the worst possible political scenario
for the Republicans would be they try to
hold this Potemkin hearing on Monday
Kristine core decides not to come for
all the very obvious reasons that it is
not fair impartial and then they have
the vote they confirm them by you know
one vote or Mike Pence breaks the tie
and then we learn more information that
is a devastating political mistake
heading into an election that is 40 some
days away or you do this with leaving
Duke you don't have the hearing you
don't have that independent
investigation you don't do any sort of
due diligence no new information comes
out but it happens on our cloud of
suspicion that's also that politics the
problem the Republicans have is twofold
which is one in the Trump era to believe
a woman credibly accusing a Republican
of sexual assault is to somehow indict
Donald Trump by association for his ally
for the allegation of sexual assault
against him we saw this with Steve Wynn
we see this with Jim Jordan and what he
is supposed to have been knowledgeable
of at at Ohio State and up and down we
see this and so
they can't they're unable to take this
seriously because if they ever take it
seriously then it open questions on why
they are not taking the 19 allegations
against Donnell show seriously and then
second there this is there is this win
at all cost by any means necessary sort
of ethos that dominates the Republicans
that that somehow it would be a sign of
weakness that would deflate the base to
simply swap out Brett Kavanaugh for some
other white male right-wing ideologue
federal Society of proves judge there's
a whole list of them just pick one
there's a whole list solar power it is
an inexhaustible I mean and also so I
mean what are the consequences of
Republicans slowing this down a little
bit to conduct this investigation why
are they in such a hurry Dan there are
not there are none unless your view is
the longer we wait before the vote is
the more likely more informations come
out against Brett Kavanaugh but they
there was I hate the same but this is
not a question about getting this done
before the election or red light the
Prophet like McConnell gives to
about processing norms so that he could
very easily know this from Merrick
garland you can easily swap Cavan all
out put someone else up next week have a
judiciary one week after that and vote
after that he doesn't care and all of
the protestations from the Democrat in
your editorial board about how this is a
 process he doesn't care the
Republicans don't care all he wants he
can put a robot on the court if he would
vote for corporations don't return more
anyway he does not give a who it is
the home the whole thing is so weird
Brett Kavanaugh no one cares what Brett
Kavanaugh has a right to due process in
a criminal proceeding of course it does
not really have a right to due process
in whether he gets we have Supreme Court
on the Supreme Court he doesn't have a
right to be on the Supreme Court the
Senate has a responsibility to decide
they put the best person possible on the
Supreme Court and when there are
question
those questions may be unanswerable as
they may be in this case then the right
thing to do is to step aside and put
someone else in and if not Brett
Kavanaugh or bust they can put anyone
else in but they are making a conscious
decision to put someone on the court to
be the deciding vote on Roe vs. Wade who
may be guilty of sexual assault yes
there's so much about what is happening
here that is a microcosm that explains
the Republican Party in that in the
Trump era in every way possible and
again if the reason they're not swapping
him out is because they think to
themselves you know what I truly believe
this man is innocent
I believe this he is being smeared here
then you would think they would say okay
we're gonna go through another FBI
background check we're gonna have the
FBI subpoena various witnesses instead
of just Brett Kavanaugh and dr. Blasi
Ford so we're gonna do this and we're
gonna find all the facts that we can and
even if the discovery of all those facts
and through all those interviews we
cannot conclusively decide what happened
here at least we will have done our due
diligence to say we tried to figure out
everything we could and then we convert
on that but the fact that they're not
even doing that but they refused to do
that so far it's very telling I mean do
you think do you think that they're
worried that if it goes too long the
Democrats will potentially take the
Senate in the midterms because that
seems to be you know Lindsey Graham sort
of gave away the game yesterday when he
tweeted that you know this is all about
delaying this until after the midterm so
that if Democrats you know take the
Senate they have an advantage but of
course even if we take the Senate I
would not be surprised at all in fact I
would expect that Mitch McConnell would
try to jam through yet another nominee
during the lame-duck session between
November and January
you know wouldn't wouldn't you expect
that of course of course now that would
obviously lay bare the utter
was the basis for his argument for why
Merrick garland shouldn't be confirmed
because if your argument right the
voters should decide and we therefore
recap we must leave the Supreme Court
with an empty seat for nearly a year so
that because we have no coming election
then confirming a concern of Justice
three weeks after the Democrats took the
Senate would lay that bare but also
McConnell doesn't care about that he
does not care and so like this does not
this would not put he would so have even
if it would be uh insincere it was just
sort of funny he's in the same sentence
McConnell but even though the insincere
and lacking integrity he would have the
power inability to put that justice on
the court and he would be under
tremendous pressure from the right wing
to do so I wonder if he thinks that in
that scenario Jeff Flake bob Corker who
were quite literally on their way out
the door at that point because they'll
have their you know not running for
election they retired will you know
Blanche at him trying to jam through a
nominee in the lame duck I just can't
figure that I mean like do we there is
nothing we could do to stop them in a
lame-duck session Democrats from
nominating other Justice correct correct
no procedural things that we could pull
yeah it would be about corker flake
Collins Murkowski and the more and more
you like this you're creating more of
her permission structure for them to say
no right now senators who are who have
lost their reelection or undecided or
headed to retirement usually end up
voting with the or more likely to vote
with McConnell because they're all
applying for jobs at Republican law
lobbying firms and they tanks at that
time so I wouldn't I'm not we'd not been
a lot of money on the integrity of labor
McConnell in that moment or any moment
frankly yep
Brian boiler was saying to me that it
would did voting against him in the lame
duck would jeopardize their right wing
wingnut welfare program when they leave
and get a good job from like the
Heritage Foundation or or you know the
Koch brothers or something like that so
what happens if doctor Blasi Ford does
not testify
on Monday or the Republic it seems as if
the Republicans are just planning to say
 it we're gonna hold the vote this
is done is that what's gonna happen yeah
it seems that way as of right now on
Thursday morning it seems that they will
not make Cavanaugh testify about this
under oath uh yeah yeah dr. Ford is not
gonna be there and look it does seem you
