of America I'm John Favreau I'm John
Lovett I'm Tommy Vitor on today's pod
you'll hear the interview that Dan and
loved it did with New York Times's mark
Leibovich talk about politics Paul Ryan
and Leibovich his new book about the NFL
called big game today we're also gonna
be talking about the latest allegations
against Brett Kavanaugh and the news
that Trump is considering firing Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosen stuff that's
not exactly right John he's been
considering firing rod Rosenstein from
the get from the jump from the get-go
there's just anyway from the day Muller
was born there was a special studio a
very special so basically I got sick on
Thursday I had to cancel the live show
but thanks to IRA Madison the third
Emily Heller Aaron Ryan all-stars of
love it love it or leave it they came in
we did a live show Friday night in the
studio here at crooked HQ one of my
favorite episodes I was really started
up to cancel and sorry to guess they
couldn't have to cancel on but it's a
really good show and you should check it
out and you know what there may be some
more in studio additions in your future
you should stop eating those 7-eleven
hot dogs no those are the only things
that keep me alive but that's yeah and I
like the 7-eleven pizza and I continue
to believe I'm the only person who buys
7-eleven pizza before going to Barry's
bouquet I so much of that 7-eleven Pizza
when I lived near 17th and are not
7-eleven they're late night are you a
pepperoni person or cheese person just
whatever was there in the in the thing I
just walk in and those anyway pizza gate
okay what what else the final episode of
the wilderness dropped on Monday and it
features an interview with none other
than former President Barack Obama cool
he talked about what makes for a good
speech he talks about Trump in the
Republicans about how Democrats can
reclaim patriotism where we can find
hope it's the if the series finale is
all about message and story and the
narrative heading into 2018 so take a
listen to an interview with Barack Obama
why would I do that
series family you'll see it is the
series family understanding leave
yourself opening - sure yes season two
we're gonna be in trouble I enjoyed
about today's episode was just hearing
someone talk about things in a positive
way mmm just such a nice antidote to the
news yeah I realized on a day like today
you wouldn't be looking for an interview
with Brock Obama talking about the
country in a positive hopeful way but it
might bro well together it might be just
the antidote you're looking for so so
download it today all right we put up a
lot of new on vote save America
last week everyone should check it out
make sure you're registered make sure
your friends are registered we should
also note that Tuesday September 25th is
National Voter Registration day you guys
get day gotta get carved out of
democracy I never liked the cards in
that section our madlyn our partner
headcount or will be registering voters
all over the country you can join them
by visiting vote save America calm slash
do something and search for events on
September 25th so you can help out
also our HBO Live dress rehearsal show
in Los Angeles we were able to open
another section at the theater and want
to invite you to come to the show for
free Friday September 28th at the Alex
theater in Glendale lots of exciting
stuff going on at Glendale doors opened
at 3:00 p.m. show at 4:00 p.m. last
check-in can be no later than 3:30 5:00
p.m. what is with all the is doing
Friday September 20th at the Alex
theatre RSVP it vote save America calm
slash HBO live and hopefully we'll see
you there maybe we'll go to the Outback
Steakhouse that's in Glendale right
after the show tell them wouldn't you
like to go yeah that's why if you want
to see Jon love it I don't it's not it
will not help I don't want people to see
what happens when I eat it they other
things people can't see that okay my
reputation let's talk about Bartow
Cavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme
Court over the weekend just as an
agreement to hear testimony from dr.
Christine Blasi Ford was coming together
a separate set of allegations surfaced
in a New Yorker article by Ronan Farrow
and Jane Mayer on Sunday this time from
a college classmate of Cavanaugh's who
says that he once exposed himself to her
at a party while they were students at
Yale
and caused her to touch his penis
without her consent when he thrust it
into her face
Democrats have called for a delay in the
confirmation process to investigate the
new allegations Republicans have said
basically off Mitch McConnell today
called the whole thing a quote shameful
smear campaign by the Democrats and
vowed to hold an up or down vote on
Cavanaugh in the near future no matter
what let's start with the New Yorker
story love it why do you think that
Ronan Jane Mayer and the New Yorker
thought this story was solid enough to
run and what are the most salient
important facts in the story to you so
you know there's been a lot of pushback
against let me take them again so so
what's in this story first of all there
was a woman on the record Deborah
Ramirez Deborah Ramirez on the record
photo saying this is what Brett
Kavanaugh did when I was a student at
Yale now the New Yorker is incredibly
cautious in this and so references the
fact that she took several days before
she felt certain in declaring it was
Brett Kavanaugh because she was careful
and they also referenced the fact that
she had been drinking and that there
were gaps in her memory nevertheless she
makes this claim it is backed up by the
fact that this was reported at the time
that people were aware that this had
happened that that Brett that that there
was that Brett had sorry that there was
someone who had knew at the time that
Brett Kavanaugh had been involved in
this incident that Deborah Ramirez
remembered that Brett Cavanaugh's name
was shouted in the hallway describing
what he had done it's also reported in
the story that people at Yale when Brett
Kavanaugh was nominated we're talking
about these incidents and talking about
his behavior at Yale Brett Cavanaugh's
freshman year roommate finds the story
credible finds Deborah Ramirez
believable and finds the behavior and
finds the bait
finds the behavior consistent with the
kind of behavior he saw from Brett
Kavanaugh the kind of drinking and
 around he saw from Brett
Kavanaugh
on top of that Bret Cavanaugh's lawyers
who gave a statement to The New Yorker
ostensibly to back up Bret Cavanaugh's
claims however two of the people in that
statement are people that Deborah
Ramirez alleges were involved in egging
Brett Kavanaugh on one of them is the
wife of somebody who was alleged by
Deborah Ramirez who has egged Cavanaugh
on and two of the other people in that
statement after the piece came out
reached out to the New Yorker to say
they didn't want their names associated
with that statement because they could
not back up the claims in their rebuttal
that this didn't happen so there is a
lot in here to back up Deborah Ramirez
his claim now a lot of Republicans have
said but wait there's no eyewitnesses
there's no eyewitnesses there have been
so many incredibly important stories
over the past year where women come
forward and say this is what happened to
me that is corroborated by by prompt
outcry at the time in which of course
there are no other witnesses either
because people were involved if there
was no one else there well it's
important what you said that people are
involved the people in the room at the
time of this alleged incident where's
Brett Kavanaugh and a couple of friends
who were all egging him on some of them
had you know let's look at a penis that
would they were shoving that in her face
and then apparently Breck having to
uphold his pants and he did but it's
like Kavanagh and his buddies and they
were all egging him on so of course
those people aren't gonna talk to
testify to the story right Tommy what
did your reaction the key for me is that
dr. Blasio Ford's position is that she
wants a more rigorous investigation she
wants the FBI to step in she wants Marc
judge who I'm talking with the first
story now she wants Marc judge who was
there during during the first incident
as described in high school to be
subpoenaed the Republicans won't let
that happen
Debra Ramirez wants more investigation
to be done of this incident Republicans
don't want that to happen
their response when they heard about
this incident was to fast forward the
process and try to ram him through and
the fact is I wasn't there I can't tell
you for sure what happened memory can be
unreliable but if you're involved in
trauma you're probably more likely to
remember what happened and so let's
investigate to the best of our ability
and let's try to get to the facts
that serves both sides that served
Kavanagh that serves the accusers but
the Republicans don't care about the
facts they want to rush the process I
mean again just to go back to what is in
this story like you said New Yorker
found that Yale classmates have been
talking about the story for weeks and
months before dr. Ford dr. Blais ephors
allegations surfaced so one thing that
is an absolute lie and easily provable
lie is all these Republicans saying this
is an 11th hour thing this was just made
up after one allegation happened someone
came forward further no that is false
that they were Yale classmates emailing
around about this story the minute that
Brett Kavanaugh was nominated cuz they'd
all remember hearing it and classmate of
ramirez's on that said another two
student told him about the incident
right after it happened he's in the
story in The New Yorker story he said he
has quote a hundred percent Shore that
he was told at the time the Kavanagh was
the student who exposed himself to
Ramirez and independently recalled many
of the same exact details that Ramirez
had told The New Yorker so you had hurry
details that she told The New Yorker and
this other classmate who hadn't heard
what she said and he said the exact same
details to other classmates Richard oh
and Mark craz Berg said they'd heard the
story as well and they just didn't have
specific names attached to the story but
they heard the story exactly like
Ramirez recounted it yes and you know
the New Yorker is so careful and look I
am outside of this process but I am very
familiar with the care Roane intakes and
reporting these stories and the care
that the New Yorker takes in reporting
these stories it was interesting the
White House pushback Eric wemble wrote a
piece in The Washington Post's that were
that that that made this point which is
all the White House's pushback against
the New Yorker came from The New Yorker
because in addition to laying out these
credible allegation and all the evidence
that backs it up from the time and in
the Year sense they also included very
conservatively very carefully a lot of
caveats they did an ethical thing and
they said Debra Ramirez was not
comfortable from the jump to
that this is Brett Kavanaugh she wanted
to be sure they did the ethical thing of
talking about the fact that she had been
drinking talking about the fact that
there were gaps in her memory they did
the due diligence and the work and
provided the the information to respect
readers enough to say this is why we
believe this is credible this is why we
believe it is worth it for you to know
that this is out there that Senate
Democrats are investigator vesting this
and this woman is making this claim and
I just know on a personal level how
incredibly seriously Ronan takes getting
this right and I know also that he is
not motivated by partisanship he's not
motivated by politics he would do this
if it were Democrat he would do this
regardless of party and that's it look
Brett Kavanaugh and his allies over and
over again have said listen to the
people who knew me best then listen to
what they say okay here's James Roche
Cavanaugh's roommate at the time of the
alleged incident recalled him in The New
Yorker piece being quote frequently
incoherently drunk quote is it
believable that she was alone with a
wolfy group of guys who thought it was
funny to sexually torment a girl like
Debbie yeah definitely is it believable
the Kavanagh was one of them yes that
was his college roommate at the time so
this like this it's amazing today how
this this story even more then I think
the Blasi Ford story has sort of
spiraled into this whole thing like oh
this allegation is over-the-top and they
didn't have it but like it's very well
detailed in here yeah I mean the
Kavanagh is he's not doesn't come off as
credible he just an interview with Fox
News
where he stuck to his talking points
that all he wanted is a fair hearing and
an investigation but again with regard
to miss Blasio for dr. posny Ford
they're not calling the one witness
they're not subpoenaing the one witness
who could actually shed some light under
this if pressed under oath
if you look at his yearbook page the
notion he claimed that he's never been
blacked-out drunk he's never not
remembered something from drinking it's
all about like the hundred keg club and
all these like drinking insinuations I'm
not saying that means the allegations
are true means that he's painting a
picture of himself that is not credible
when compared to what people are saying
what he wrote about himself at the time
and is your book and what his friends
are saying it's like we've been saying
it about the small thing I was just
exactly it's like we've been saying
since every time we've talked about
Brett coven Brett Kavanaugh
he has been caught lying about things
that are so small you know like why not
say in the interview oh yeah have you
ever drank to the point where you a
blackout drunk and do remember thing no
never
he says you were a club called the tit
and Club right which Fox News did
not say in the follow-up to your in a
book by your childhood friend Marc judge
as Bart o Cavanaugh your drinking buddy
passed out all the time people who knew
you said that you got incoherently drunk
all the time why lie about that little
thing and one of the other important
pieces of news there's two of there's
two big pieces of news that we haven't
talked about from The New Yorker story
one is that people who know Marc judge
felt it necessary to come out and say
his claims about this not being possible
or just not true
Marc judge talked about the fact that he
lost his virginity in in a sexual Marc
judge talked about the fact that he lost
his virginity in in a sexual encounter
with multiple men when he was when he
was young
that that his denials just don't don't
that that his denials are just not true
so you know let but there's this there's
this two-step process that has gone on
with with Brett Kavanaugh one is by dint
of partisanship whether it is sincere or
cynical to not see the ways in which
Brett Kavanaugh is consistently
dishonest and not see it around prior
not see it about the judiciary not see
it in the opening remarks he made when
he was named by Donald Trump to not see
it and deny it and claim me as a man of
incredible integrity step two then used
that integrity that is not based on
evidence that's not based on his actions
to do to deny these allegations and it's
a it's just not a an accurate
representation of the this person that
we have seen repeatedly lie under oath
to get out of less serious situations
than this yeah and if this were serious
investigation they would call Marc judge
to testify like you said the the woman
who who talked about Marc judge was
Elizabeth razor she was she dated Marc
judge and she said
um that mark told her a very different
story about his days in college you know
she he told her ones ashamedly of an
incident that involved him and other
boys taking turns having sex with a
drunk woman and of course as she said
this as the New York's nerd New Yorkers
story posted Michael avenatti also came
out with claims and said he's now
representing a group of people including
one who he described as a victim with
quote credible information about Brett
Kavanaugh and Mark judge who can
corroborate allegations of sexual
assault from their high school days
hanadi said that's gonna happen you know
that those people are gonna come forward
within a couple days apparently so we'll
see if that's a real thing but like all
this stuff keeps coming out yeah and the
one thing that has been held constant
throughout this whole thing is the
Republican reaction and then in fact
it's actually gotten worse it's gotten
worse and and now their their latest
iteration is that this is a Democratic
smear and they want us to feel sympathy
for Cavanaugh and for his family and it
leaked out the Cavanaugh in a prep
session at the White House was deeply
hurt by the accusations and refused to
answer them in a prep session and that
that is understandable it is human but I
do not feel any sympathy for him these
we know how Brett Kavanaugh the
political staffer would have reacted in
this instance if he was working against
himself
because when he worked for Ken Starr he
wanted to force Bill Clinton to answer
explicit personal sexual questions and
we know he wrote in a memo that it's
their job to quote make his pattern of
revolting behavior clear piece by
painful piece we're applying the Brett
Kavanaugh standard to Brett Kavanaugh
then we should figure out all of these
allegations
but they don't yeah but they don't want
to the Republicans are if if anything
they're digging in even further the
other piece of big news in The New
Yorker story is this this passage quote
senior Republican staffers also learned
of the allegation last week and in
conversations with The New Yorker
expressed concern about its potential
impact on Cavanaugh's nomination soon
after Senate Republicans issued renewed
calls to accelerate the timing of a
committee vote so their response to
hearing about a potential second
allegation of sexual assaults against
Cavanaugh was to confirm him as fast as
possible well you know we've been asking
this rhetorical question for days what's
so important about Monday what's so
important about Monday why are you
rushing why are they rushing
we couldn't figure it out it was are
they afraid they'll have to withdraw him
and so they need the time to replace him
none of it really made sense but now we
know they're regardless of their denials
clearly multiple reporters have been
chasing this New York Times was chasing
this we know the Washington Post was
chasing this The New Yorker was clearly
chasing this and the committee the White
House Cavanaugh seemed they were clearly
aware of it and terrified yeah you can
tell to its homey you mentioned this
they're making it all about Democrats in
the Democratic campaign which was their
