a for everyone's enjoyment he is guilty
of crimes and if we had a Justice
Department that was doing their job
instead of Spencer mr. president you're
the Republican in charge a Republican
what I answered this all the time
because of the fact that they have this
witch hunt going on with people in the
Justice Department that shouldn't be
there they have a witch-hunt against the
President of the United States going on
I've taken the position and I don't have
to take this position and maybe I'll
change that I will not be involved with
the Justice Department I will wait till
this is over it's a total it's all lies
and it's a horrible thing that's going
on a horrible thing and yet I've
accomplished with all of this going on
more than any president in the first
year in our history even the enemies and
the haters admit that so so Donald Trump
at the beginning there was referring to
James Comey he you know threatened to
obstruct justice on national television
which is not something that you do every
day
during that rant he also admitted that
Michael Cohen did not represent him in
the stormy Daniels case I'm sorry
during that rant he also admitted that
Michael Cohen did represent him in the
stormy Daniels case he threatened Jon
Tester for raising questions about
Ronnie Jackson's qualifications he
bragged about his electoral vote he
yelled about the media and he hinted
that he may not have gotten his wife a
birthday gift Dan your thoughts I would
cite this as a historic moment in the
history of Fox News really this thing
first yes this is the first piece of
public service journalism Fox has ever
done they accidentally did it by just
allowing our unstable president to call
in and talk non-stop for what felt like
a decade a pillar is a half hour a half
hour so for a warrant for the world to
see why
how Donald Trump thing I would note that
before you fill out a form for a
retroactive Pulitzer poor Steve Doocy
they did try to encourage Donald Trump
to obstruct justice they did like why
aren't you obstructing justice mr. Trump
this is a opportunity for you but it's
your Justice Department you know you
could you could obstruct this justice
sir it mean it is it's a while it is
wild this man is our president it is
wild there is a news network like this
that exists in the world that the
president would call into I mean it is
it is amazing I mean it is really a bad
thing and this will be the thread that
ties Tonya trunk together is these are
two men who put their inside thoughts on
the outside yeah I mean at one point
they did ask him about Kanye because it
was all over Fox basically since the
whole tweet storm yesterday and Trump
said he starts talking about you know
black unemployment and doing his usual
riff on that and he said you know people
don't realize if you go back in the
Civil War it was the Republicans that
really did the thing I guess he was
trying to say that Abraham Lincoln as a
Republican was the president when
slavery ended just a little a little
history lesson for all you buffs out
there from Donald Trump who's a history
buff himself so yeah I mean it was it
was his usual crazy I think it's always
interesting when he calls in or he goes
on television or he does one of these
press conferences because we're so used
to his Twitter voice which is like all
caps ranting you know barely legible not
even sure it's in English half the time
but when he calls in and he was just
yelling the whole time and he wasn't
yelling with like an adversarial
reporter here these are his pals on Fox
and Friends and he's just screaming the
whole time he's like so angry and it's
like his thoughts just moved from one
thing to another so quickly he covered
so much ground in 30 minutes none of it
made any sense it's the I mean it is
sort of evidence that Twitter voice is
this true
Dennett voice it is whenever he whatever
pops into his head it is he is not many
people appear more angry on Twitter than
they are in real life
yeah that will try I'm one of them
equally angry yeah not an angry person
well for those of you who have been for
those of you have not met John outside
in sort of race he is one of the least
anger people I know I know yeah I know
yeah yeah no you're not a Yeller you are
in all caps per-user periodically right
Trump is a key Ben is that is truly
authentically Trump and that's actually
pretty scary
like it's not yeah performance art on
Twitter to rile up the base or send a
message to someone or send a signal to
his massive propaganda Network it is
just what he is actually thinking at the
moment and the things here thinking he
is thinking would be scary if it was
your uncle posting them on Facebook let
alone the president states posting them
on Twitter yeah there's no method to the
madness no one should ever think there
is there's no attempt to distract
there's no attempt to do anything it's
just you know stream-of-consciousness
all day long I do not want to spend too
much time on this at all because it is
so deeply annoying but let's talk about
Kanye after a long Twitter hiatus Kanye
spent Wednesday declaring his love for
Donald Trump while noting that he
doesn't necessarily agree with him on
everything he posted a photo of him
wearing a sign Magga hat he said that
nothing changed in Chicago for the eight
years that Obama was president Kim
Kardashian jumped in to defend and
explain her husband chance the rapper
and explicably jumped in to say that
black people don't have to be Democrats
of course we love chance here Donald
Trump replied very cool to Kanye Don jr.
navona got in on the action
 Anthony scare Moochie who we
learned from Holt this whole thing texts
with Kanye tweeted we are all one race
Kanye the human race and the rest of us
pinched ourselves but didn't wake up
welcome to hell
d-dan what are your thoughts I know
you've always been a fan of Kanye as as
I am of his music but have always
thought he's sort of a jackass
as Barack Obama was I mean
cool Brock Obama Kenya is a bit of a
jackass it I am a huge fan of Kanye's
music I have seen Kanye in concert maybe
six times I have listened to all of his
albums many many times I will most
certainly buy the two albums he has
coming out and the early stream the two
ideas coming out and from himself
and the three albums that he produced
that are coming out at the probably not
coincidentally it to be at the right
after this return to the spotlight but
the thing that says Malkani is me moat
Connie a symbol of coming music musical
lobs I don't know Connie is not a
beloved individual right he has been and
this is the one thing the chance the
rapper said after this after the Tweety
reference on Twitter which was this is
the same Kanye this is the Kanye who
interrupted Taylor Swift if the Kanye
who called who said the george w bush
didn't like black people and we just
have to accept in our culture two things
one that Connie is a jackass he
sometimes his jackass various things we
may find appealing
like when he yelled at george w bush
after katrina sometimes we may find it
amusing because it's on something more
generic like the Nike Adidas sneakers
battle or is we're desired to meet with
Mark Zuckerberg or Larry if you said
Larry's from Google but there's also
something broader about just this low
the fact that all of politic stop to
talk about Kanye and Trump and what they
say and then the cable segments that
launched and reaction to it the Twitter
storms and logs in reaction to it we
became obsessed with something that was
incredibly trivial because we have an
obsession in our country with celebrity
and kind of like what happened in 2016
huh exactly and Michael Cohen the
president's fixer involved under federal
investigation involved in a whole host
of things yesterday indicated that he
was going to plead the fifth
in the stormy Daniels case now in Venice
is Constitution all right do so but it
is a newsworthy thing that I a very
intense news consumer did not know for
hours because of Kanye and I don't know
I don't have a solution to the problem
of celebra in our politics but we should
at least recognize what it is is that we
are always distracted by the shiny
things and in 2016 we as a culture got
distracted by the shiny thing that is
Donald Trump and missed some very real
things that affected our but our
election our policy all of that week we
we we valued the stunts this we've
invested the style of the substance and
it's very it's like this was another
object lesson that we had not if the
culture learned a lot 2015 yet look I I
now understand now that we run a quasi
media company I now understand what
media companies and and reporters and
editors go through when they try to make
decisions about what to talk about
because we sort of all had this debate
here yesterday when we were writing up
the newsletter and we're like did we put
it at the top do we put it somewhere
down in the middle like well everyone's
talking about it but then if we're
talking about it we're contributing to
everyone talking about it as you and I
are doing right now so it's really hard
to figure out how to cover these things
and how to talk about it because they do
get so much attention and I would say
that even as most most journalists and
most political observers are wrestling
with that question on the right like
this blanketed Fox News all day
yesterday after it happened but it's
interesting like all the maggot roles on
Fox and Twitter were ecstatic that a
black celebrity liked Donald Trump
purely because they thought it would
upset liberals this was the whole thing
this is all they cared about they don't
care right issues and come up policies
it's like just own the libs so you can
get more followers you can book more Fox
hits so you can get your own Fox show so
you can run for presidents you can own
the libs more this is like their whole
this is their reason for being on the
right and I do think that like if we as
a culture we're very vulnerable
- celebrity sort of taking it over but
you realize like this Republican Party
Trump's Republican Party they don't have
it's not even like Paul Ryan in his
obsession with tax cuts like he's got
something that wakes him up in the
morning that's policy-related we all
hate it but he's got it the Trump's
Republican Party and the one you see on
Fox News and everything else there are
no issues there are no beliefs there are
no ideology it's just like everything
they do is to piss off liberals and
whatever they can do to do that and to
troll people they will pursue that yes
that's exactly right and I think we have
a tendencies and I mean me in particular
sometimes you yell and you're like why
is why is the media covering this yes
and you get with the media but that is
act and I've done that many times so let
this be part of my apology tour is it's
not the media's fault
the media is often a reflection of the
culture right now their job is not to
feed you spinach their job is to feed
you things that you will read and listen
to and be interested in and the hope is
you'll be interested in serious things
and so of course they're gonna cover
County because we're interested in Kanye
this is it is as much the public's
fathers as the media's fault the
politicians fault for talking about this
to any matter we're all part of the
problem here and it's you can try to
switch we can turn off sending her
Democrats it's the sort of understand
how to fix - we're sometimes of spinach
party and how do we succeed in a culture
that doesn't want spinach how do you
take what we care about and are serious
about how do we make that interesting in
a world that is fueled by retweets and
likes and clicks and I don't have the
right answer to that but it is if we do
not get better at making our message
viral without sacrificing who we are
what we stand for we're gonna struggle
in 2020 because the Republicans are a
whit under Trump like Paul Ryan initial
caller are not good in this uh but Trump
has built an outrage machine and we have
to build something that
an outrage machine but succeeds in the
same environment that values outrage
yeah and I've said this before but I
think on the right one of the main
drivers is is fear and anger and I don't
think we should emulate that on the left
I think the way that we get people move
in and get people organized and
activated is with both humor and
inspiration especially inspiration and
that sort of our antidote to their side
I don't think we should mimic them but
you know it's also some errands like
well we don't when the whole Oprah thing
happened right everyone's like we don't
we can't have our own celebrity to their
celebrity well you know what there's a
big difference between Oprah
Winfrey and Donald Trump and Kanye West
because she knows what the hell she's
talking about and she's brilliant right
so it's not even like it's not just easy
enough to say no celebrities anywhere
because I do think people who are widely
recognized to have a large following
could potentially be good leaders but it
has to do with like are your values in
the right place do you know what you're
talking about do you have the base of
knowledge and policy and everything else
to actually you know articulate a
coherent and inspiring message and I
think that could come from someone who
is just you know who's gone up through
public service their whole life and
who's been an elected official and it
can also come from someone who's outside
of politics like I don't actually think
it's the resume specifically that's
gonna tell us who that person is but
it's actually what they say and what
their message is and what they know
right that's right Donald Trump's
greatest blog not he's a celebrity no it
is the thing it is his greatest flaw or
the characteristic that originally made
him a celebrity it is vacuous Ness
jackassery everything you heard on Fox &
Friends this morning just listen to that
that those are his greatest flaws
everything he said there it's not like
yeah and so maybe I not don't nominate
someone like oh but it's not we need our
own Trump's but let's get the rock or
Oprah no or I don't know someone that
someone similar but it's also not if we
have a celebrity it doesn't celebrities
have a problem in the key isn't that the
characteristic of a candidate that is
the problem the culture's obsession with
celebrity that good Forrest
extends far beyond politics is a broader
thing that we should be aware of and
think about and look at because it's not
just the obsession with Kanye's tweets
it's also the obsession with the
Kardashians or the Real Housewives or
it's an obsession with with right it's
an obsession with the trivial and the
sensational over the substantive and you
know and and what really matters to
people's lives I think that's what it is
and celebrity can sometimes be a
stand-in for what's trivial and
sensational but I think what you said to
it is a that the problem we have is that
you know we need people to eat the
vegetables but people only want the
people only want the dessert well we
could talk about that forever and we
will again I'm sure but we should talk
about dr. Ronnie Jackson who formally
withdrew his name for consideration to
lead the Department of Veterans Affairs
this morning this comes after Senate
Democrats and the Veterans Affairs
Committee released a list of allegations
against traction that included drinking
on the job over prescribing medication
and overseeing a hostile work
environment
so look a lot of people have tweeted us
about this asked us this question
because way back in January when dr.
Jackson gave that report on Donald
Trump's health because he's Donald
Trump's personal physician number of us
in the Obama world said we know dr. roni
he had been our doctor and you know
thought he was a great guy and a good
doctor later when he was first nominated
for the VA I think pretty universally in
Obama world we said still liked him
still think he was a good doctor none of
us think he was qualified to lead the VA
and then all these allegations come out
and people who were like well did you
guys see any of that when you were
working with him and the truth is I
hadn't I mean like I my experience with
him was when I got to the White House
President had a different doctor dr.
Coleman and then dr. roni was sort of in
charge of being a doctor to the senior
staff and sort of you know helping rub
the White House met
unit so I was a patient of his and I
think he's great doctor took care of me
I had some medical issues when I first
got there in 2009-2010 and he took
excellent care of me and then when I was
on foreign trips see him on the plane
with him in the van
said hi he was always very polite very
nice I never saw him drunk never some
drinking but you know if a lot of these
allegations are coming out from people
on the medical staff who worked with him
and worked for him and you can't
discount those allegations it's very
possible that the allegations may be
true even though a lot of us who dealt
with them you know have limited
experiences with him except when he was
our doctor had different experiences you
know so it's very possible that the
allegations could be true I just don't
know yeah that's right I think like as
was pointed out by many people that I
tweeted something nice about dr. Jackson
back in January saying he was a really
good guy and a been an excellent doctor
he took her care of me and he was an
excellent doctor took great care of me
as we talked about I had serious health
issues he oversaw my care I'm incredibly
grateful to that I saw him be truly kind
individual to a lot of people and I told
this Romans podcast before but there was
a friend of ours who was a White House
staff of us whose father had a heart
attack in Illinois and it was very
serious and we were on a trip to
Illinois right after that and during his
off time dr. Jackson went and met with
the doctor went to the hospital where
our friend's father was and met with a
doctor to make sure that he was that our
friend's father was getting the care
that he needed now that is so far beyond
the duties of the White House doctor was
just being a good friend and colleague
and person and I always thought that
that was an incredible thing that this
doctor doctor did for this person who
was not above dr. Jackson on the food
chain I wish you perform just someone
that he spent time with and I thought
that was really that meant 11 a lot to
that person to a lot of us who were
friends with him the now always you said
I can only speak to the two what I saw
write to someone I tried
with and someone that was my doctor and
those experiences were always good now
these other allegations are troubling
and I think it's important to get to the
bottom of them they were some reporter
asked me the other day you know was this
like an open secret well you know kids
that happen yeah times I get it's not
