welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
I'm John Lovett I'm Tommy Vitor today on
the pod we're gonna be talking about
Israel we're gonna be talking about
North Korea we're gonna be talking about
the White House and they're leaking
mocking people who are dying problem
there so I got to tell you there's a
problem you know there's not a problem
that's right and we're gonna get into
just which is which can't wait to find
out and later in the pod my interview
with the notoriously camera-shy Michael
avenatti how did you how did we get him
to do press a lawyer who's representing
actress stormy Daniels as if he needs an
introduction other Pods it says other
Pods love it or leave it
we had I heard there was a supercut
episode that's what it says here awesome
super cut episode of our live shows in
Baltimore and Columbus where we talked
about social media and Twitter with a
bunch of great panelists including
social media experts and researchers to
talk about the way social media is
changing our politics that show is
really really good and you can check it
out now people are loving it and then
also we're gonna we're doing it people
are loving it if they're wrong that's I
was doing just being up that's what we
do now we hype ourselves lie cheat and
hyper self and we have a live show in
Philly on Sunday and there are still a
few seats left
not many Tommy it's a Sunday we're doing
one Friday that will be out Saturday and
were doing another show Sunday love
relieve it never sleeps knows okay let's
talk about the news the United States
officially moved its Embassy in Israel
from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem today I'm
gonna try that again Monday the United
States officially moved its embassy in
Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem on
Monday reversing decades of American
foreign policy in a move that many
Middle East observers have called
inflammatory as it would take a crucial
piece of leverage off the table for
peace negotiations Tommy
how big of a deal is this move and why
do many people view it as divisive Tommy
give us the Netanyahu what where when
and why of this he has been planning
that line first second that was amazing
so they're two Cigna
to get events colliding this week sorry
Tommy are you with us done some
actual gargling mmm so there's two
significant events colliding this week
as you said John the on Monday the Trump
administration officially opened the new
u.s. embassy which had been relocated
sort of from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and
they slapped a plaque up on another old
building and they called it the new
embassy it is fraught to say the least
Jerusalem has enormous religious
historic significance both sides claim
it as their capital the Israelis and the
Palestinians so Jared and Ivanka flew
out manukan came they had a a ceremony
that kind of felt like a trump rally it
was also the 70th anniversary of
President Truman recognizing Israel's
independence so big day there but
meanwhile there is this horrific
violence in Gaza as part of ongoing
protests there reports of more than 50
dead in two thousand wounded it's hard
to verify these reports because they're
coming out of the Hamas government in
Gaza but that is obviously staggering
numbers they were organized and hijacked
by Hamas these protests which controlled
Gaza the air they are ostensibly about
the Palestinians demanding the right to
return to parts of Israel they're driven
out from or protesting the blockade of
Gaza but you know people were worried
that this is gonna get worse
so there's a lot happening here but part
of the reason that embassy being moved
is so fraught is because the status of
Jerusalem who controls it who has their
capital where is supposed to be decided
in negotiations between the two parties
of the Middle East peace process and and
many Palestinians feel like we're
essentially handing over a part of
Jerusalem that will likely end up being
that the Israel's capital no matter what
happens but they're feeling like okay
this is a big important piece of this
negotiation that we are recognizing by
moving the embassy there today what was
because what was the Obama
administration position on moving the
embassy every administration says
they're gonna move the embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem as part of a campaign
promise and then everybody holds on
actually doing it because the
intelligence community the Arab
neighbors a whole bunch of parties were
concerned that it would lead to up
in protest violence bloodshed so we did
exactly that Obama said he would move
the embassy but ultimately never did
because there was concerns about
security and that in essentially more
importantly that it was a final status
issue that needed to be negotiated can
we talk about the violence in Gaza can
it does seem like you know you said that
Hamas obviously hijacked some of these
protests but it also seems like from
reports that Israelis were firing on
some unarmed protesters who were trying
to climb this fence yeah what
justification do Israelis give for
shooting and killing protesters in Gaza
who are unarmed yeah it's bad
you know the Tuesday of this week is is
a date for Palestinians they call the
Nakba which is reverse of the
catastrophe which marks the day in 1948
when all these Palestinians were driven
out of their homes and so these pallette
these protests have been going on for
for several weeks leading up to tomorrow
to recognize this day Hamas did hijack
it and they took it over and you know
what that the Israelis say is when you
have individuals storming the fence
trying to break into Israel that they
will use force in sort of escalating
fashion so there is tear gas there's
rubber bullets which don't really work
from long distances and then they have
been using live ammunition and
apparently their rules of engagement are
that you'd only use lethal force like
shoot for the head
when you see quote terrorist activity
whatever exactly that means and that if
it's shy of that they're shooting for
below the knees but you know it seems
like some people were shot in the
stomach getting shot in the stomach
getting shot in the adze been getting
shot in the thigh or knee and then going
to a hospital in Gaza you know your odds
aren't very good so this is you know
pretty horrific well it's also the
context to they're protesting some of
the protests were about the embassy move
some of the protests were also have been
going on for quite some time about
Israel's economic blockade of Gaza so
people in Gaza are essentially trapped
in this area right and there's an
economic blockade and so they're trying
to protest and now they're being shot at
yeah I mean the situation in Gaza is is
awful it's one of the most densely
populated places on earth there's no
work there's no jobs or sporadic
electricity the waters dirty
there's just no opportunity for these
people now Israel withdrew their forces
in 2005 but you know the UN still
classifies it as occupied because the
Israelis control you know the sea border
the land border the Egyptians control
their border it's rarely opened so they
restrict the movement of goods and
individuals so it's a it's a dire
situation in Gaza and it sort of been
forgotten by the international community
so Jared Kushner acknowledged the
violence in his remarks except he said
that the protesters being shot at are
quote part of the problem not the
solution these comments were not
included in the excerpts of his remarks
that were delivered to the press ahead
of time and then they were omitted in
the White House transcript afterwards
that doesn't seem normal does it no yeah
he can't just edit the transcript with
the parts that you dum-dum son-in-law
said because he was I mean do you member
when Obama would ad-lib back in the day
or even if we put out like a briefing
transcript from Josh earnest or somebody
else and and we had to edit something
that was a typo or was incorrect or
transcribed wrongly we would update it
with like a star indicating that we
changed the official transcript now
there's putting out transcripts there
that are omitting yeah better doctored
yeah it's um it's another one of those
small ways they're undermining the kind
of bedrock systems that live between
administrations I think one of the
hardest tasks for the administration
that follows Trump will be rebuilding
the apparatus for for sophisticated
honest rendering of events because it's
all been so broken I mean everything
from every press release having a bunch
of typos and and and mistakes all the
way to sending out incorrect transcript
to something that is um both incompetent
and just sort of a symptom of the way
this White House operates
well I got something worse oh now
because this entire episode isn't
up enough the Trump's also invited
evangelical pastor Robert Jeffress to
lead a prayer at the open becae opening
here's some comments from the highlight
reel from Robert Jeffress he called
Islam and Mormonism heresies from the
pit of hell he suggested that the
Catholic Church was led astray by Satan
said that gays live in a dirty and
miserable lifestyle said that Jews are
going to hell they also invited Robert
Hagee Jews going to hell yeah at the
happy opening of the embassy in
Jerusalem Jews are going to hell yeah
also Robert Haga Blair pastor the pastor
who famously said that in 2005 when
Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans it
was because God was punishing New
Orleans for hosting a gay pride parade
those are the people that were
representing the United States of
America abroad today giving benedictions
and opening prayers at the opening of
the Jerusalem embassy cannot think of
anything more disgusting did Joel Osteen
say no what happened just like I'm sure
to imagine like you know obviously with
Obama we went through the whole reverend
wright thing the first time they heard
about reverend wright's crazy comments
was Obama's announcement speech in
Springfield he was supposed to give the
benediction and immediately they said oh
no absolutely not now we're bringing
these people these two people who are
saying that Islam Judaism Mormonism
cults people going to hell we're
bringing them overseas
to represent the United States of
America what the is that it's again
there were so many ways in which our
system was protected by human shame and
by a desire to not make people too angry
or sad for no reason and if you remove
that if you remove any compunction about
elevating horrible people about caring
about what people said in the past about
having respect for gay people or Muslim
people or Catholics I really like that's
very old-fashioned to be bigoted against
Catholics some of these yeah I mean it's
it's it's real throwback but but but the
the lever is for saying this is wrong
having a concept having an effect by
saying this is wrong is someone inside
the White House has to give a yeah
these people don't give a and it's
not like it's just a bunch of godless
Democrats complaining about this you
have Mitt Romney saying a religious
bigot should not be giving the prayer
that opens the u.s. embassy in Jerusalem
but there is this professional class of
evangelical leader that has decided that
nothing Trump does or says matters
anymore
if he advances their agenda and other
fronts like there's a big profile in New
York Times I think it was this weekend
about a guy named David Brody who's like
the lead anchor for Christian broadcast
network yeah it's a guy who used to
hammer Democrats still does all the time
and now it talks about his cozy
relationship with Trump they get lunch
together he goes to briefings he gets
exclusive access to pence and never
asked any of the tough questions about
you know affairs with the porn star or
any of the things you would think that
the Christian broadcast news would care
about given their past coverage of save
Bill Clinton there's there's all I mean
we should also remember that we don't
have anyone prominent on our side who
we're bringing to events like that
they're saying like that but
sometimes when someone even makes a
minor comment that others deem offensive
on the left often we go into apology
mode say know that like after this
presidency no it's also just like we
need to really seriously think of when
we on our side when someone says
something that might be construed as
offensive what we actually decide to do
I mean you look at Mitt Romney saying
I'm glad Mitt Romney yeah good for
address but the number of Islamophobic
anti-muslim bigots anti-gay bigots that
populate this administration is
staggering and that hearing it's it's
interesting in that run of run of
bigotry from that guy the Muslim piece
is what we hear all the time
we've just decided that then that that
there's a certain class of Republican
has decided they don't need to point
that out every time when it's on their
side you know we've made this point
before imagine if somebody said this
about Jews or imagine if somebody said
this about well this government is guys
you get a one-way you get a ticket to
Israel yeah enjoy
I'm glad to be here I do believe that
Jews are going to hell but
congratulations on it but what I mean
what you'll be eventually be in hell but
right now you get to enjoy this
wonderful embassy oh it's a weird I mean
that is that view that you know we need
Israel to be controlled fully by the
Jewish people before that Christ can
return is as is a big strain of like
really fundamentalist Christian theology
and a big reason that there is an
enormous support for Israel it's is very
right we're gonna yeah where are things
now we're gonna convert you in the end
for now let's let's turn to North Korea
the White House announced last week the
president Trump will meet in Singapore
with North Korean head of state Kim
jong-un on June 12th who to discuss a
potential deal on North Korea's nuclear
program over the weekend National
Security Advisor John Bolton and
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said that
the two sides were already in agreement
over what the ultimate objectives of the
meeting would be they both said that
Trump will push for quote complete
verifiable and irreversible
denuclearization but then Pompeyo said
the Trump would be pushing to make sure
that America is no longer held at risk
by North Korea's nuclear arsenal and
that he hopes that they get rid of their
chemical and biological weapons so it
does seem like Pompeo either he misspoke
or he's he has a different position than
Bolton in the administration what do you
make of this time there's been a lot of
Korean news like you know like any
engaged couple they finally did it they
picked a date so June 12th in Singapore
Trump Kim jong-un to two maniacs one
bucket of chicken like you were saying
it doesn't seem like the u.s. position
is sort of like coming into focus but
they're a little all over the place like
Trump has said North Korea needs to get
rid of this nuclear weapons period in
any deal Pompeyo seem to suggest they
might be able to keep their current
arsenal and that's real objective is
keeping them from striking the US only
that will really make our allies in
Japan and South Korea very happy we also
know that you know Kim said he will
dismantle his most prominent nuclear
test site Trump tweeted how smart and
gracious that was but many experts think
the thing basically caved in from you
know nuclear
ting so that it's no longer usable so
yeah disposable cameras and that's quite
the concession but it was also out there
acting like any economic support the
North Korea's gonna get is gonna be
private-sector businesses just like
rolling in I find that a little hard to
believe there will be any direct US
economic aid because Bolton is kind of
you know saying no but again I'm happy
this is happening yeah get it done guys
but little ways off from grande skim
lattes in in Pyongyang uh so I want to
ask like there's been some pundit REE
that is like why won't liberals give
Trump credit for all that he's done
around North Korea so far what has Kim
offered Trump that past North Korean
regimes haven't offered past presidents
what is new so far about what Kim has up
because we know he's offered the rest of
the meetings I just didn't take it we
know that they've disses they've
destroyed testing sites before right
nothing nothing crossing the border yeah
I mean look crossing the border to South
Korea having that conversation yeah you
know a wildly improved tone you there's
a lot of like atmospherics there that
are shockingly better than the status
quo five six seven years ago or 20 years
ago hundred twenty years ago but right I
mean there seems like there's been these
periods in the past where it seemed
hopeful and there's been a change of
tone and they've met in the North Korean
and South Korean leader has met yeah
that's why the whole conversation about
the Nobel Prize is so silly and
everything else cuz like we're just so
far ahead of actual what success should
look like which is them getting rid of
their nuclear weapons I mean that's the
whole point is that yeah so I was gonna
say what is a successful summit short of
them giving up all of their nuclear
weapons which seems would do you think
they will give up all of their nuclear
weapons feels unlikely to me so what is
there any success short of that them
giving up nuclear weapons probably I
think it's the only realistic successes
they have some sort of program or some
sort of weapons capacity or capability
that they hold onto is there a scenario
where they give up the capacity to
strike the United States but not South
Korea and then they still maintain some
of what I'm trying to figure out what
Pompeo is saying I guess you get rid of
their entire ICBM
program and call that a success I just
don't know how you could shift the
goalposts that much and call the success
or make your allies happy yeah I think
there's two things side by side one is
the fundamental situation which we
talked about before which is we've
created incentives and North Korea knows
those incentives which is if you want to
be a closed-off regime that tortures
your people and threatens your neighbors
having nuclear weapons is one way to
protect yourself and protect yourself
from foreign invasion protect yourself
from bombing protect yourself from
regime change protect yourself from
American foreign policy shifts you look
at Libya you look at Iraq you look now
at the around deal being torn up you
look at that and and it's hard to
imagine a set the incentives not being
there for kim jeong-hoon
to maintain nuclear weapons they're an
insurance policy against aggression they
are also ate a card you can play which
he's playing now I don't know that any
Barack Obama didn't change that George W
Bush didn't change that Bill Clinton
didn't change that Donald Trump didn't
change that and I don't know that there
