so that's the one that that keeps me up
at night when I think about you know how
we've come through the last year and I
think okay the courts have held up
remarkably well I think we've seen and
we're going to talk about this this sort
of new activism rebirth of activism in
this country which is you know really
hopeful we've seen Democrats already win
some special elections and so that's
hopeful
right yep that's perfect it'll take it
but then I think like what is and I
think to myself because you know as you
said Sam and as that the man we worked
for always reminded us like we've been
through worse before and we've come out
okay but what is head what has changed
between now between then and now is this
the march of technology and specifically
how it relates to the way we get
information and share information and
and the changing of the media and so now
we have a media that moves at lightning
speed it's fractured it's polarized we
have 30 to 40 percent of our population
that is getting most of their
information about the world from a
propaganda outlet like Fox or talk radio
or sites like Breitbart and you know Sam
as you note in your essay this makes us
particularly vulnerable to foreign
interference like we saw from Russia in
the election but also I mean it just it
sort of splits us apart in a whole bunch
of different ways and what I can't
figure out is like we can organize our
side and we can inspire our side but if
we really want to sort of break the or
or heal the divide in this country I
don't know how we reach a lot of the
folks in this country who are like
dealing with this misinformation and
consuming this misinformation every
single day okay
tell you a little story so Samantha and
I were in some town that we don't live
in and we were talking to someone who
was a very enthusiastic Trump supporter
and as he spoke he's a veteran and he
has agent was as an agent orange victim
and and is very sick and has been sick
and his reason he's a trump supporter as
he said Trump promises to help the vets
and he
said I don't know if he's going to help
us but there's a chance and he said I
just don't think that's true of
Secretary Clinton and there was nothing
awful about this guy is just a good guy
who had his life took a tough turn and
as you spoke I was thinking of him and
for him the problem isn't mostly that
he's listening to Breitbart he maybe is
but the problem is mostly it feels no
one is listening to him and there's a
way that you John in your work in
government and your work now speak to
him and there are Democrats or
Republicans who aren't let's say
Breitbart people are hateful people who
can i think listen first and then talk
to him so if you have a candidate who is
not showing a kind of deep respect for
patriotic values in a way that is kind
of foremost that's that's a problem for
this guy and there are ways of
communicating once you get a kind of
thick sense of what is leaning people to
certain directions it can be President
Trump it can be senator Cruz that maybe
is produced by media stuff or may be
produced by hearing Democrats or let's
say moderate Republicans or conservative
Republicans who have no hate in their
hearts who aren't tailoring their talk
in a way that suggests they've seen this
guy I think that's true up to a point
cast but you know you you're the one who
wrote years ago you know a warning of
echo chambers and selection bias and the
way in which we filter out you know the
opinions initially but now it's like as
facts and opinions that don't comport
with our predisposition so let's say one
turns against or believes that a certain
political figure is not of their taste
you know how does one in this media
environment you know experience
serendipity and and bump into
information
or the perspective of somebody from a
different political party that you know
and the kind of leadership that you're
describing that kind of language that
meets somebody where they are I think it
did John's right with with 30 to 40
percent of people you know get getting
their information and these unmediated
platforms the ability to select out you
know information from people that you
either because your parents had that
view or because you you heard somebody
who didn't like and and you know decided
to to tune them out or because you heard
somebody on the other side of the aisle
that you did like and decided to tune
them and their brethren in I mean so
this is where you know I John one of the
things that gives me hope in this area
is that you know so far our Facebook and
some of these other companies have tried
a few different things you know tagging
things right you know bid now
introducing more transparency about
let's say the sources of their revenue
or the sources of their ads for example
certainly social media users a year plus
after Russian interference and you know
and and sort of Breitbart lies together
you know put a lot of misinformation
into the ether with all of the coverage
that has existed including of the
various investigations you know social
media users I'm certainly a more
vigilant social media user than I was a
year and a half ago and I you know what
I've thought of myself as visually as
vigilant back there and I just what
didn't realize just how much how many
robots were generating the content that
I was looking at in social media so in
some ways we could give ourselves a
little bit of a break I mean and this is
also a bit of an indictment it's
actually quite recent that that you know
people have really turned their their
minds and their resources to thinking
through this question like we were we
were collectively and certainly the
companies were super complacent and
motivated by you know how to make the
company bigger and not much to do with
the the state of our democracy or
thought that making the company bigger
would necessarily advance the health and
welfare of our democracy like so into a
kind of triumphalist narrative well
that's gone and you know is this really
going to be the only
problem that super-smart you know
technical and you know humanists people
who throw their their time and money and
ingenuity to can't solve you know I have
to believe that that even though we
haven't cracked the code so far that
we're gonna find some way out of this
but it is it does undergird so many of
the other of the other challenges we've
it's sort of like the bottom of the
pyramid you know if we give if the
foundation remains this fissured you
know and is contested then one can I ask
you a question did the two of you get
maybe 9700 luggage ads in the last few
days on Facebook where's that because I
happen to look at three luggage as
myself and they kind of noticed that or
did everyone get that sign did not get
those luggage ads nor did oh okay that's
a point for your concern you know we we
always talk about that here it's like
you know Facebook who you know they've
been trying to tell us like no no no
this doesn't really have that much of an
influence it was only this much money
spent it was only this many ads and it's
like oh so this is a company that it's
now telling us that ads and persuasive
message don't have influence and don't
persuade yet that's pretty much the
business model and and when they say
they're hoping that there's an echo
chamber where none of the people who buy
their ads are listening to their claims
don't really work but look I mean I I I
think we can you know a yell about
Facebook and pressure these companies to
do better you know the other alternative
is an actual regulatory structure at
some point for some of these companies
because you know as much as they don't
like thinking of themselves as media
companies but they like to think of
themselves as platforms they are media
companies they are how people are
getting their news but I think there's
also what we were just talking about
like for this to work it requires an
engaged informed citizenry and so we all
have to take some responsibility too
because a lot of there's a lot of people
who just aren't you know they aren't as
selective or as careful as other people
in how they find their news how they
consume their news and
you know you can't always blame them
people are busy they're working multiple
jobs they're just trying to stay afloat
here and you know how do we make sure
that we have you know a country where
people are you know watching out for
this stuff yes so there's individuals
there's information providers and then
there's the platforms and themselves and
the platforms in facebook in particular
you know they've tried a few things on
their newsfeed to counteract this
problem and the fact that they have
tried more than one thing that's
extremely positive and the hope is you
know you can algorithm people Hauge
rhythm isn't a verb yet it should be you
can algorithm people into a little
cocoon of you know Breitbart ISM or
Sanders ISM where they're just seeing
their own stuff and they know enough to
be able to do that or you can do a news
feed and here are just two ideas
Samantha's word of serendipity you can
have something where you know there's
just serendipitous provision of stuff so
you're a supporter of politician X but
you're gonna see some stuff that
politician X doesn't like very much and
all of us have had moments where we see
something that doesn't fit with what we
usually think and which might be a topic
might be about a country it might be a
point of view and we think oh gosh and
that might change our view or maybe on
that issue it might change our whole
life and they can do that with I'm
a-gettin serendipity in there so if the
instruction was for social media
providers go big on serendipity or have
a thought experiment what would you do
if you did that then you can see
something it would be real progress or
here's another idea go big on lots of
views not like lots of clicks and lots
of different viewpoints so that you're
not algorithm din to you know this is
the person who thinks Star Wars is
really the only important thing and the
only thing you need to focus on is who
actually is a Sith Lord and I'm getting
a little exotic here I understand that
but they can do that but instead of
doing that just provide you with lots of
different points of view and not only
about Star Wars so if your internal
Trump supporter let's say you can see
stuff from lots of different points
of you that are not you know substance
list accusations to the effect that
maybe his hair isn't perfect or
something but isn't substantive less
accusations about something unimportant
but something the substantive and real
and then key then that can from which
people can learn things so that expands
her own expanding people's horizons is
something that's completely doable
technologically but the direction in
which the algorithms have been pointing
until the very recent pass is exactly
the opposite it's horizon narrowing Sam
you just gave this fantastic lecture at
Stanford called resistors in dark times
would you talk a little bit about that
lecture and sort of your your the
thought process that went into writing
it absolutely well I have noticed that
notwithstanding the incredible
outpouring domestically of people
getting involved in politics for the
first time or young people listening to
pod save America and you know seeking
your direction John and and those of you
know Tommy and Dan and John about where
to go you know women taking up the the
baton and and throwing making himself
vulnerable by by going back to where
they went to high school and running for
office I mean there's this incredible
outpouring on the one hand and yet of
course people are many people that I
know and you know are very unhappy and
very worried there's a reason that 1984
George Orwell's 1984 his back on the
bestseller list there's a reason that
cast is done the book called can it
happened here authoritarianism in
America this is not a book he probably
would have thought to do two years ago
posing these questions and there's a
there's a deep unease and even people
who are activated I think have this
sensation or recipe for myself that that
sort of nothing we do is commensurate to
the prospect of deporting dreamers you
know nothing we do is commensurate to
pulling out of the Paris treaty
you know when member states of the
United Nations are sinking underwater
and when whole American cities are
overrun like like nothing
some mayor does or some governor's or
some activists do and so we just with
the problem of Trump and what Trump does
next to anything that any of us can do
as individuals that gap is demoralizing
even if we look and see that 38 special
elections you know have been flipped
from Republican to Democrat even as we
see you know the courts defend daca and
you know transgender people serving in
our military even as we hail our
institutions hail our activism so what I
decided to do was to go back to other
dark periods along lines of what we did
in the beginning of this conversation
you know look at japanese-american
internment look at McCarthyism look at
the early days of the AIDS epidemic and
instead of looking at the at the bleak
you know federal government actions or
lack of action in the case of the AIDS
epidemic and the Reagan administration
to look at people who notwithstanding
these big huge harms inflicted from
above stood up and didn't make huge
change by standing up but did their part
and and began to turn but very very
slowly and in in their time they would
have thought you know not even
successfully but but if you look back
you know began to turn the tide of
public opinion and show that resistance
was possible so some examples here you
know when when japanese-americans were
interned when FDR one of our great
presidents you know signed this
completely hateful and unjustified
executive order requiring
japanese-americans
to be interned one of the consequences
of that was that high school and college
students had to be interned and had to
give up their education
and so a group of Americans came along
and decided you know what this is
you know these are young people they're
not a threat there's no even a Roosevelt
justified his internment policy under
the rubric of military necessity in the
wake of Pearl Harbor there was no
evidence that japanese-americans
constituted a threat Eleanor Roosevelt
by the way disagreed with her husband
and with with the policy of the
administration and was very sympathetic
also to the plight particularly of these
young people along of course with their
parents and others who were interned
but a bunch of Americans came along and
said you know this is we have
to find a way to ensure that even if we
can't save everybody and we can't ensure
that the rights of these people are
protected when public opinion is
massively tilted against
japanese-americans notwithstanding the
fact that they've done nothing wrong so
we can't solve this whole problem but
let's see if we can just take a subset
of this problem and find a way to move
these japanese-americans from the
western coast into the interior of the
country so they can go to college and
and sure enough and it was churches
banding together just private citizens
you know if they succeeded in convincing
a university you know in the heart of
America to take a Japanese American they
then had to go and try to find some
sympathetic bureaucrat in Washington to
provide you know basically travel papers
for people to move from these camps then
they'd have to convince
japanese-americans to leave their
families and their parents and
grandparents in these camps and actually
leave and and invest in the idea that
America was a place where they could
build their future that was hard and yet
while the internment again is one of the
ghastly chapters of our history four
thousand young people were placed
because of the activism and the
relentlessness of people who just
wouldn't let it die the other example I
use is from the McCarthy period it's so
hard to remember now how hard it was for
everything from actors and Hollywood
producers you know to teachers educators
everyone to stand up and defend freedom
of association and freedom of belief
people were just cowed it was terrifying
I had no idea it was that bad hard right
it's because we're in our own bleak
period it's hard to remember just how
terrified people were and yet the head
of the University of Chicago Hutchins
decided that he was not going to go
along with you know buying into the
premise that what you believed was
itself disqualifying that you you know
that you shouldn't he was basically
saying you shouldn't have to take a
loyalty oath this is American this is
America and and so what he did when
summoned before one of these committees
is he said you know I'm I'm not I'm not
buying into the premise like my teachers
my students
are gonna get to believe what they want
to believe they're going to get to
associate in the way that they want to
associate you know other elite
universities you had university
presidents saying you know there will
not be a witch-hunt
because there are no witches here there
are no communists on our campus and what
Hutchins did and standing up is he
created a space then for his faculty and
his students to stand with him he showed
the way that you could actually stand up
to these guys and the whole effort in
Illinois which was like a sort of
subsidiary of the national effort of the
house on American Affairs Committee fell
apart
and in the last example just because it
is I think really heartening to go back
and see these again modest examples of
people defying the odds and just taking
matters into their own hands involved
the AIDS epidemic people don't remember
again that Ronald Reagan didn't even say
the word aids you know until 1987 when
tens of thousands of people had already
been infected and so many people were
dying and loved ones just watching in
despair not only as their as their most
beloved you know companions were passing
away but as the government was refusing
even to talk about it to allocate
funding to test drugs to invest at all
in finding a solution and so what a
group of activists led by you know
famously by Larry Kramer did was they
decided the only way we're going to be
able to battle this bureaucracy that's
in complete denial and it frankly
doesn't care about the LGBT community at
all and indeed you know in some churches
are saying that this is you know they
had it coming in effect what we're gonna
have to do is we're gonna have to make
ourselves expert we're gonna have to
master the FDA drug approval process
we're gonna have to understand the
science of HIV and the new drugs that
are used to bring down viral counts you
know we're gonna basically just have to
make us more experts than the
bureaucrats and even then the scientists
