welcome Billy Eichner hey god save
America I'm so excited to be here I'm a
huge fan great having me yeah I listen
all the time
not every episode but why although I'm
nothing to sort of get by when I can
squeeze it in
but I'm very upset that John Lovett is
not here so he's very upset as well
Oh is he he didn't say that but I think
he's how how dare John loved it not be
here
doesn't he know who I am I invented loud
gay Jews who love to hear themselves
talk okay show a little respect love it
load or leave it and he left what does
that say about me he is busy with his
solo career right now
yeah the spinoff already did a spinoff
yeah you guys are the Kelly Rowland God
saves America there she was in Destiny's
Child guys I know they're a band they
were a band band tell us about glam up
the midterms so I started a voter
initiative campaign called glam up the
midterms with my friends at Funny or Die
a Will Ferrell and Adam McKay's company
they've been producing my show Billy on
the street for many years I'm very close
with those guys and I called them up
Trump had said something god knows I
can't even remember what it was because
there's so much every day but about six
months ago so I called Funny or Die
which has a history of doing politically
oriented initiatives like this like they
did with Obamacare and between two ferns
and I had done a Billy on the street
video with Michelle Obama a few years
ago and so I said I wanted let's do
something but I am just sick of angry
tweeting all the time and it doesn't
feel like the most productive thing even
though I'll keep doing it oh right how
could you know make a living it's right
exactly and I actually think angry
tweeting can be productive in its own
way but I wanted to do something I had a
tangible effect and then we got all
these statistics in which said that in
the last midterm election only 12
percent of Millennials voted in 2014
Disney which is very bleak but then I
thought before I just get sort of self
righteous about that I thought to myself
you know I'm in my late 30s I am more
than willing to admit that I have
skipped a midterm or two in my day and
maybe you guys haven't right we all have
right I mean 12 percent we're all
skipping the midterm and the percentages
aren't that much better as you get older
you know but for Millennials it's
particularly bad and I know Millennials
probably don't want to be called
Millennials but I'm sorry that's just
what you are at this point and so so I
said okay that's a dismal bleak
statistic what can we do to register
voters knowing there's a midterm coming
up and knowing now compared to two years
ago there is so much outrage and so much
anger and people want to be productive
but I thought how do we focus this anger
voting let's vote there's a midterm
coming up in November let's get out
there and register as many voters as we
can and you know we're in comedy we're
in entertainment so we thought what's a
funny take on that so I thought well
there's nothing less glamorous than the
midterm elections right there's nothing
more exciting or nothing less exciting
or sexy sounding than the midterm so
let's turn that on its ear and let's
glam up the midterms and all that means
is we're gonna go out we've pinpointed
several districts and we're in the
middle of fundraising and we're gonna
actually go yes there will be viral
videos we did a launch video with Kimmel
and John Oliver and Seth Meyers and all
these guys just to get the idea of the
campaign out there but one of the most
exciting parts of the campaign is that
we're going to go to districts where
they're gonna be hotly contested races
coming up and we're gonna be signing up
young voters it's a bipartisan campaign
I'm Billy Eichner I'm not bipartisan but
the campaign is bipartisan we're not
looking for Democrats or Republicans to
sign up we're just looking for young
people to sign up in general and also
while signing them up give them
information as you guys know like the
midterms it's different in every state
it's different every district the
average person may not even know which
races are going on in their state who
the candidates are what the issues are
and so we're gonna be giving them this
information sometimes in a very dry
informative way and sometimes in our own
fun entertaining way
and that's the general idea of it but
you're just gonna sign up Democrats
right no I'm just kidding um no no I
swear that we are not it is a bipartisan
effort I don't know how many Republicans
listen to this podcast but yeah exactly
so no it is a bipartisan effort and look
I can be political in my own way on
social media and advocate for certain
candidates that that I support but glam
up the midterms is a bipartisan effort
school it is about getting people to
vote and well do you want to ask me
questions or I can keep going Tommy do
you have a question I mean I think this
is such a good idea because registering
to vote it shouldn't be hard but like
there's friction to prevent you from
doing it right exactly critical but you
know you look at those numbers like 88
percent of young people took a pass on
voting to decide if Obamacare is
repealed to confirm Trump's Supreme
Court justices whether Trump will be
impeached maybe one day hopefully how do
we convince young people not just to
register but the stakes in these
elections and these off year elections
are just as big as presidential years
right well that's tricky
I do think young people like we're
seeing in Florida obviously but all over
the country and even before the this
most recent shooting young people are
more engaged now than they have them I
would imagine it certainly looks like
that yeah so what I wanted to do is go
out there and try to capitalize on that
interest and passion and say oh you're
interested in this now great here's what
you have to do there's a midterm
election coming up you know the media
doesn't give a ton of attention to
midterm elections it's very easy to get
involved in the presidential race
there's two candidates were focused on
nationally everyone is laser focused on
those two and the whole country is
focused on the same race more or less
the midterms are different everywhere
you go and so you know not every race in
every state will bubble up and become
something that you CNN or vice or you
know you guys will be able to focus on
there's just simply too many candidates
and too many races and so we want to go
out there and do our part
let people know young and old hey you're
fired up now great beyond just being
fired up there's a big election coming
up and it's not Trump versus Hillary so
you haven't heard as much about it but
we're giving you information here the
dates here's how's you register here's
information that can help you decide who
you want to vote for and just go
do it
are we gonna see little Billy on the
street you like running around yelling
at Millennials will you pay me a lot to
do that John I mean you know tell a nice
trademark you know we're gonna we're
gonna do whatever we're gonna do
whatever makes sense so well you know
what I don't want it to be is you know
I'm not gonna choose some we're not
gonna go to Pennsylvania and just
randomly drag the cast of Grey's Anatomy
there you know like I don't I know that
people just don't want random Hollywood
folks showing up and telling them to
vote they're convenient there's nothing
more irritating than that so what we're
gonna do is Katy Perry concerts what was
that Katy Perry concerts I blame Katy
Perry for everything no I mean I do
think look I'm someone with a platform
right and I'm engaged and I'm angry so
I've been shouting at people on the
street for years about pop
culture so now I want to shout
at people about something that is
actually important that can actually
affect our lives but beyond that another
part of the glam up campaign that I love
is that we're actually in these
districts going to be pinpointing local
heroes right local celebrities whether
it's you know high school athletes kids
who have a big platform on their college
campus the local bartender who people
just love and we want to engage the
hometown heroes and and sort of empower
them to use their voice no matter how
many Twitter followers you have or don't
have those people have influence in that
district and then we want them to help
us let people know that the elections
coming up so you were obviously born to
be the lead in one the king in Hollywood
what are you talking you have the
amazing supporting cast you ready of
James Corden Sarah Silverman Seth Meyers
Conan Kimmel John Oliver Rob how do
people get how do they get these folks
to go to their district how can people
listening be like come to my district
rally voters register voters
well I mean that's on me really I mean
when we when we had though when we made
the launch video I reached out to all
those people you just mentioned
personally and I said hey we're doing
this campaign here's what it is you know
I have a platform you guys have an even
bigger platform will you help us out and
that's what we're gonna keep doing we're
gonna go district by district and say
hey what do we think will be effective
in this district I don't think it's
about dragging James Corden around
wherever he's willing to go as lovely as
James Corden is he'll come they'll sing
a song we'll do a dance you know loves
to entertain but but it's not about that
we want to do things that we think the
people in that district will actually
respond to and care about now that might
be someone who happens to be famous who
has a personal connection to that
district coming and talking to people
and helping rally people or like I said
I might be talking to someone local it
might not you know it might be putting
on like an improv show for young people
and also having them register as they
walk in the door you know there's any
number of things you can do and glam up
the midterms as you well know is just
one campaign like this that's going on I
know you guys are working with swing
left you know indivisible has been doing
incredible work for over a year you know
so on some level we're piggybacking on
those guys and we want to work together
this is a bipartisan effort and the ones
I just mentioned are not as bipartisan
but you know when it comes to just sheer
voter registration we're just doing our
part yeah you know so I you know I've
followed you on Twitter for a long time
thank you so much you're you're welcome
you're welcome a lot of faves and I
notice you know you you've obviously
been much more political sense Trump was
elected have you always been interested
in politics is it something about 2016
that really got you into this because
you know a lot of your tweets are
serious about Trump yeah well yeah I
have I I describe myself as someone
who's always probably been more
interested in current events maybe than
the average person
you know I've always loved what was
going on in the world and keeping up
with that but like I said that did not
always translate into me going to vote
as engaged as I was superficially I
wasn't actually taking that step you
know I wasn't necessarily going to a
rally or going to a protest or you
and just going to the voting booth
sometimes I did you know I wasn't
completely out of it when if it was a
big race sure I would focus on it the
way any other person might but but did I
have an interest in what was going on
yes I remember hating Giuliani even
after 9/11 and knew because I'm in New
York or hating Giuliani and he was like
shutting down art exhibits and that like
made me livid you know ahead of the
curve though very I tell you how ahead
of the curve I was I hated Reagan I
hated Reagan back when it wasn't cool I
was like eight years old and I was like
he doesn't mention aids like the gayest
little eight-year-old ever seen but so
have I've always had an interest but I
have never fully sort of if this makes
any sense capitalized on my own interest
to do productive things and that's what
this campaign is about you know did
Trump change that for you I think he did
I mean I think he changed it for so many
people um and now look I don't agree
with what susan sarandon said about Jill
Stein back in the day and yes I did just
bring up Susan Sarandon Wow butBut I
will say there were people I don't agree
with obviously you know I was very Pro
Hillary and not Pro Jill Stein in any
way shape or form but I remember she how
Eichner comes out in favor of Jill Stein
on putty I've got a rod you know what
breaking news I'm a Russian Bob this
whole time it should have been bought on
the street instead of building on the
tree but I I will say there were people
who said you know what I think electing
Trump will force people to rise up out
of this like semi-coma that a lot of
people have been in now I wish he didn't
win I wish we didn't need him to imp you
know to energize us the way that he has
but he has that's right can't deny that
he has so yeah every cloud and this is a
big cloud but every cloud
has a silver lining I think al Roker's
the first person to ever say that
wonderful meteorologist but every cloud
has a silver lining and the silver
lining here is that we are waking up
that we were all not all
a lot of us were very complacent we
thought it was a more tolerant place you
know we took Obama's victories as a sign
that we were progressing and and you
know what we did progress that was
progress but now we see oh
like you don't just keep progressing and
you can actually step backwards and so
you know he has invigorated us he has
energized us and and here we are so the
Trump caused me to want to be more
productive and more engaged yeah of
course he did because he's terrifying
yeah so we so like what happened in
parkland was horrific
we the CNN Town Hall last night she had
these kids out front asking Marco Rubio
the toughest people saying like even
though all my friends are on Twitter
saying Marco Rubio gets points for
showing up
no he does it for his
constituents
I don't clap for my dentist when he
finally agrees to look at my teeth
that's his job you
sweaty little hypocritical weasel
 hate that guy how dare he that's
all we wanted we've just been i
attacking Americans also Marco Rubio
you're never going to be president never
the ship has sailed it sailed a long
time ago so at least try to earn a few
points by showing some integrity but it
just shows how lost like they're so lost
their souls are poisoned like
permanently damaged like they're they're
poisonous people yeah and so I find
those people to be a lost cause you know
he's a totally he's a lost cause but
seeing those kids out there being
tougher on him than any journalist has
been in like ten years
unbeliev it was amazing like what do you
think we should do to keep those kids
out front in this and like support them
in their message but make sure that you
know Susan Sarandon and Jill Stein don't
hijack what they're trying to do and
although that would be a great thumb in
Louise reboot the one we've been waiting
for for Geena Davis gets thrown under
the
for no reason but um what was I gonna
say how do we have to show up for them
you know what's amazing is they're now
showing us the way right which is
incredible we're supposed to be older
and wiser but you know you get jaded as
the years go by and what we're seeing in
them is a great lack of jaded Ness you
know a great belief that just having
integrity and fighting for the right
thing is actually enough you know that
putting passion and energy and time and
money behind that is enough you know and
I think we're all out here fighting and
shouting on Twitter since Trump got
elected but we're still very jaded we're
sit we're so we're still very cynical
you know and they are there's something
about it that seems very pure and I
think we just have to show up for them
in all the ways I just said like I'm
gonna go to the March on the 24th I'm
gonna March with every town and I'm sure
a lot of people will
I mean I'm mainly going to get Amal
Clooney autograph but beyond that I
think a nice side effect is I'll be
marching be right the smart cool thing
to say on Twitter after a gun massacre
is nothing's ever gonna change
you know everyone just to be cynical and
these kids are lacking that cynical bone
and it is so nice to see I mean Obama
had an incredible tweet this morning you
know I can imagine I can't speak for the
man and you guys know him better than I
do but I imagine after Sandy Hook I've
gone and rewatched his speech in the
Rose Garden after Congress decided to do
nothing after Sandy Hook those kids were
younger even than the kids in Parkland
right and he seems bewildered and
confused like he seemed at a loss he
said he said that was the most disgusted
he's ever been in politics right how
could you not be at that point yeah and
I just got chills thinking about it
right and so seeing his tweet this
morning and I don't want to speak for
him but reading between the lines and if
you haven't seen it he basically was
talking about how inspiring the these
kids in Florida are and how like I just
said we have to show up for them and
that were what you know we're here with
them and we will support them but you
could sense even in his tweet a shock
that we might be able to make some
progress
you know that they've they've they've
been encouraging to him I think on a
real level you know those weren't just
words that he was tweeting you're right
that's showing up for them I mean we got
an email yesterday from a father of one
of the kids killed in Sandy Hook and it
was a reminder that speaking out for
them showing up for them years later
matters so yeah it's also like we were
talking about this earlier
it's so cool watching these students
sort of it which is the refrain of Emma
Gonzalez's speech like we call BS
calling out on these
politicians and even at the Town Hall
last night yes you know not just at not
just being like regular journalists and
asking Rubio question letting him do his
talking points and then move on they
asked these follow-ups and they keep
pressing them you know and they just
sort of and in the conspiracy theories
are out there about the kids and then
they just go on Twitter and they just
call them out as you don't even
know the rules yes they don't have to
play by that right yeah they're just
being honest and I said to a friend of
mine last night you know as much as
we give social media and Lord knows
there are major pros and cons to social
media I mean I wouldn't have a career
without YouTube so I'd like to thank
everyone at the wonderful YouTube
company for supporting me but but but
there are major pros and cons of social
media but when I looked at these kids I
