welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
I'm John Lovett I'm Tom Ivysaur later in
the pod we'll be talking to Yara Shahidi
the star of blackish and groaning who's
doing incredible work to educate young
people about politics and to get them
involved and registered to vote through
her 18 by 18 initiative you might say
that we need people to get modish can we
can we do can I just say we've
interviewed a lot of impressive people
on this podcast
she might be number one so smart 17
years old when you listen
tough hit on Hillary Clinton 17 years
old why are you attacking Hillary
Clinton no my god it's like Twitter came
to life everything is 2016 also love it
you're back from a grueling tour where
were you we were in Pittsburgh I don't
care we were in Baltimore we recorded
some great shows we're gonna be howard
dean there that's the joke
we were gonna we were going to we're
gonna have a great show coming out this
Friday that will be a show about social
media we're gonna take the best of what
we recorded in Baltimore and in Columbus
we had some experts on social media and
how it influences politics we had Audrey
Cox we had DeRay we had some other great
guests and she check it out
experts on social media huh yeah not you
don't respond to mentions random angry
mention this is that the we're not
responding to angry trolling mentions
anymore okay anyway well no nor were
using other apps nor other apps that's
rude or other milks that's for we
learned that too okay
quick update on the Trump crime family
the last we left Rudy Giuliani he was
confessing potential crimes to Sean
Hannity on live television specifically
that the president Michael Cohen may
have committed a felony by failing to
disclose a hush money payment to stormy
Daniels just days before the 2016
election in response Donald Trump told
reporters on Friday that Rudy wasn't
fully up to speed when he was on Hannity
and he would eventually quote get his
facts straight in response to that Rudy
decided to do more television interviews
in which he made more news one of those
he was on Fox I believe Friday night on
Janine's esteemed program and then on
Sunday he sat down with ABC's George
Stephanopoulos and I believe Michael has
a clip for us
you said hee hee hee this was a regular
arrangement he had with Michael Cohen
suited Michael Kahn make payments to
other women for the president I have no
knowledge of that but I would think if
it was necessary yes he made payments
for the president or he he conducted
business for the president which means
he had legal fees monies laid out and
expenditures which I have on my bills to
to my clients and are you confident that
his testimony and the stormy Daniels
payment won't contradict the President
and not in any way maggiore respect look
if it didn't contradict it at all they
somebody be lying - nailed it nailed it
I love Rudy saying about there again
I love Rudy saying I'm an expert on
campaign finance law no you're not but
I'm not an expert on the facts yet
there's 1.2 million documents I haven't
had time to review them all I mean
you've had time to say hey mr. Trump did
you pay Michael Cohen back when did you
do so when did you like - like three
irrelevant facts that he needed to know
before going on TV and making an ass of
himself
saying I haven't read the information
yet is not an acceptable excuse when you
are a child doing a book report in front
of the class it is definitely not a good
excuse where you are on you know a
Sunday show presidency lawyer to the
president it states you don't have to
nobody makes you go on Jorge step and
George Stephanopoulos doesn't come at
your house and remove you in the middle
of the night and make you do it you said
they call you and they said we'd love to
have you that render you should say
something like I can't I don't know
anything
is this how we practice law in the
United States now we just have lawyers
for a different client like Michael
avenatti and Rijal and you're just gonna
go on do every single show possible and
just argue the case in front of everyone
else
oh yeah yes John Giuliani's actual quote
was yeah my issue is getting up to speed
on the facts here I'm about halfway
living on a prayer you know think of my
brain is half full of information so so
basically so Rudy admitted that there
may have been other women paid to be
silent about the affairs they I was
Trump
was one little nugget he also said that
Trump may defy a subpoena from special
counsel Bob Muller to testify and that
Trump may ultimately choose to exert
fifth Amendment rights which protects
people from giving testimony that may
incriminate them well what's the
strategy here guys I know we say there's
not much of a strategy but what do we
think is going on in what is what is
Rudy's method to his madness here what
does what is Rudy interims doing where's
Rudy I mean I think that there's a meta
Trump big picture strategy which is he
knows he did the crimes he knows that
he's guilty of maybe a series of things
whether it's collusion whether it's
money laundering whether it God knows he
potentially probably thinks he's guilty
of things that he doesn't even know
about right I'm sure something wrong
there for what he's trying to do in all
his public messaging and they've stepped
it up with Rudy coming on board is just
make this a political fight and try to
undercut the credibility of the Moller
investigation undercut the credibility
of whatever was referred to Sdn why in
terms of Michael the investigation now
it's a Michael Cohen in New York he just
wants to attack all of it and and
continue to sort of build this antipathy
towards the FBI towards Comey towards
Muller to everyone involved so that if
the Congress is called on to make a
political judgment ie impeachment they
will side with the president because
their base wants them to do so yeah I
think two things I think one they're
socializing everyone to a bunch of
outlandish previous previously historic
decisions by the president like pleading
the fifth getting everybody comfortable
with it the other thing is you have this
guy Rudy he's combative he is good on
television if what you want is someone
fighting from trumps point right from
from that point of view but also he's
going on television and kind of hinting
at admitting to various things in
various ways they're contradictory but
he's throwing stuff out there and and
one thing that I think Trump did
throughout the presidential election is
this incredible quick move how quickly
things went from fake news to old news
right you deny it you denied you deny it
you kind of admit it in some convoluted
way and then the next thing you know in
July it again you deny it again and then
all of a sudden it's sort of been out
there semi denied for some time and then
the impressed moves on and everybody
moves on I mean there's only so many
days we're going to talk about the fact
that Rudy Giuliani conceded that Trump
not only paid stormy Daniels but that
his lawyer had basically a slush fund
for paying other women
that's a huge and extraordinary
admission and yet how many days are we
gonna spend talking about it for a very
much agree with Tommy's point that they
have settled on an argument and the
argument is bias and the reason they've
settled on bias like the FBI is biased
against them they're politically biased
they're all Obama holdovers they're all
Democrats right because they know that
this is sort of the media's soft spot
that the media cares about bias and
balance and they believe that they can
make a case that all these people from
Comey to Muller to the prosecutors at
the FBI that they're all against Trump
for political partisan reasons and that
so anything that they come out with
it's just partisan it's all just a
political fight just like the Democrats
in Congress just like the race against
Hillary Clinton it's almost like the New
York Times in the Washington Post it's
all politics and that's the way he
believes he can get around the fact that
he'd committed yeah normally lawyers
don't speak unless they know the answer
or the relevant facts normally you know
prosecutors or lawyers don't usually ask
questions that they don't know the
answer to
they are just flying by the seat of
their pants II mean there's reporting
that Trump won't tell anybody on his
team what maybe in Michael Cohen's
documents that were seized
so people are freaking out about that
but then you've Michael avenatti saying
that there was extensive communication
between Michael Cohen and the old lawyer
for stormy Daniels about the timing of
the hush payment and that it needed to
be made before the election which
clearly throws it squarely into the
realm of campaign finance question now
like smart rulers like Mark Elias who's
a really smart campaign finance layer
thinks there that they're in big trouble
regardless but it's just like that it's
a facts be damned situation they just
want the fight yeah and the reason that
they believe the reason that they're
trying to argue this out in the public
is they know there's a legal process
that's going on but they know at the end
of the day that Trump they believe the
Trump is immune from prosecution yeah
that he has
Pfeiffer said on the pod Thursday
immunity by congressional majority that
the Republicans will protect him from
impeachment that he can ultimately plead
the fifth and while the pleading the
fifth may get him some bad press for a
little while then he gets to move on you
know he can defy the subpoena the
Supreme Court can say it you have
to accept the subpoena you have to abide
by the subpoena and then he can just
plead the fifth and everyone will gasp
it'll be headlines for a couple days and
then it'll be like yet but I pled the
fifth and so now what are you gonna do
impeach me now
this is also we are of course saying
this in a world where he has not been
charged with any crimes the after we
talk about crimes like the crimes
specifically have not come to light in
the sense that Muller and his
investigators and his prosecutors have
not charged or indicted Trump or even
tried to indict Trump with anything yet
if these crimes come to light if actual
crimes come to light and they are proven
if more evidence comes to light it could
change things yeah I won't hold our
breath but it could change yeah I don't
think we know I we are still in this
sort of whatever what's the word not
purgatory but um
luminol Agra liminal space we're like we
got what the word your for the
middle space yeah it was Tommy I've yeah
I know it yeah haven't used it for
visiting it's a it's that word we we
nose with purgatory catholic catholicism
for theme of the Met Gala the point is
I'm sorry it is what were you talking
about
oh yeah the liminal space like we we
know a lot but not enough we don't know
what muller knows we don't know what's
coming
Trump knows more than we do though
there's gonna be a certain point I mean
one thing that I was thinking about over
the weekend too is like who knows more
than us Trump does Muller does Mike
Pence doesn't I'm not sure Rudy does you
know no I'm not Tony doesn't know what
Trump said the Lester Holt you know like
he doesn't know anything and you know
I'm sure like I put myself in the shoes
of like Rudy Giuliani reading the
stories that broke in the post and the
times over the weekend and he's not just
scratching his head
that seems very weird speaking of the
stories at random the times in the post
Washington Post ran a story this weekend
reporting that even though Trump
financed most of his real estate
projects through debt for most of his
career around 2005 2006 this began to
change and he started spending hundreds
of millions of dollars in cash for
projects including on 14 projects he
paid for in full without any financing
from any bakes the post piece doesn't
use the phrase money laundering but it
does paint a picture of a pretty sketchy
scene in which Donald Trump is moving
tons of money around the world on golf
courses and all kinds of other projects
without the Trump Organization able to
give a coherent explanation for where
the money was coming from or why they
suddenly preferred cash Eric Trump told
the Post that his father quote didn't
need to think about borrowing for every
transaction we invested in ourselves
this is the same Eric trump who four
years ago told a reporter that quote we
don't rely on American banks we have all
the funding we need out of Russia yeah
and another another normally not that
trustworthy individual who has a
relevant quote here was this is all
about money laundering Steve Bannon told
Michael Wolfe Mulder's path to
trump goes right through Paul Manafort
Don jr. and Jared goes through Bank in
all the Kushner so people in the
know suggest that the this cash came
from Russia or you know Russian sources
and that there was money laundering like
the crime is in plain sight again yeah
and it's also just Donald Trump has made
it clear throughout his career that he
likes to use borrowed money to make
investments because it's lower risk for
him he likes the idea you know that's
what happened when he bought the plaza I
think that was an maybe even reported in
this post story but but it's a it's a
sea change and how he conducted himself
he advocated for using debt because
there are tax advantages of doing
there's financial adventures to do it
and there's far less risk and then all
of a sudden as if there's some kind of
emergency they're spending huge and huge
sum vast sums of money all around the
world out of nowhere totally new
business practice for them I mean we
also know that in 2005 and 2006 there
was billions and trillions of dollars in
illegal money in Russia that Russia
Halla GOx and russian government
officials were trying to get out of the
country and they were looking for places
in the West to put this money and around
the same time Donald Trump and the Trump
Organization starts looking for
international financing with the Trump
kids and Michael Cohen so you could and
and sure enough you can imagine them
talking to the Russians and the Russians
saying we will give you alternative
financing was the transit is the term
used and and you don't have to you don't
have to tell anyone and so a bunch of
real estate projects could very well
have been funded by Russian money yeah
and in the Michael Cohen piece they
talked about how he flipped all these
buildings for you know all of a sudden
there were three times four times as
much as what he paid for them without
having put a lot of money into them
himself just a it's a small point and
it's a it's a broad point but making
millions of dollars legitimately is very
hard and it takes like sophisticated
people like Michael Cohen Eric Trump
Donald Trump jr. Donald Trump these
people are exactly as sophisticated and
intelligent as we think they are yeah
they did not crack the code for making
hundreds of millions of dollars they
just didn't and they certainly didn't
crack it in 2006
I mean I'm interesting what comes of
this because I also like right now you
know that all of these Trump pundits and
people at Fox never else are trying to
figure out how to explain away money
laundering is not a crime yeah or at
least is not a fair crime from Muller to
go after well he was there for cool even
though if it has to do with Russia by
the way and they've committed
what's a criminal activity in laundering
money then of course Russia could hold
that over them that's that's the whole
concern yeah I also just on the money
blackmail there's no help me that's
national security implications it
reminds me of what happens when insider
trading affects somebody in power which
is then all of a sudden there's this
whole group of people that kind of say
everybody does it
everybody's laundering money everybody
everybody's insider trading yeah
everybody's doing it so yeah that is
something gorgeous I really hope this
whole thing hinges on bozo Eric Trump
like hopping in a cart with a golf
reporter he's just copping up this
detail about getting all their money
from Russia I
but you but you need to your point love
it about these guys like aren't the
brightest bulbs in the tree I mean
Michael Cohen flipping real estate a
year or two later for like three four
times the price he paid for it that has
to raise a whole lot of eyebrows I mean
it's not that easy to make money on real
estate I don't believe I know aspart no
and neither is he because we saw
the other avenues of his sophisticated
business empire and they are crashing
into people with cars and they're making
insurance claims like actually MIT this
is the level of this isn't dumb we're
not dealing with Kaiser so say here you
know like this is Michael cone this is
this is this is the guy in the first ten
minutes of the mob movie not this is not
he doesn't make it to this is not gonna
make it to the end of Goodfellas yes
he's not DeNiro checking to see how many
blueberries are in the muffins you know
this isn't this is low-level you know
this is like calling cards and the other
this is like anyway it's just Michael
please know to trim so while we're on
the subject of Trump gunnery there were
also multiple reports this weekend about
how the same Israeli intelligence firm
that was once hired by Harvey Weinstein
to dig up dirt on his accusers was
apparently hired to dig up dirt on
former Obama administration officials
Colin call and crooked contributor Ben
Rhodes as well as their families in
order to discredit their support of the
Iran deal the Guardians reporting says
that aides to president Trump hired
these Israeli spies for the job ronan
pharaoh's new yorker ronan Pharaoh's New
Yorker article cites a source that says
it was a quote private-sector client
pursuing commercially a private sector
client pursuing commercial interested
related sanctions on Iran what do we
think about this guy's some scary
this is really chilling I mean you are a
black cube yeah you mean you're a
government official just literally doing
your job and like this isn't traditional
campaign app oh this isn't like quotes
and votes and financial ties like these
are people who are out to destroy your
life in any
they can whether it's personal
professional what emailed Ben's wife an
email Collins yeah and by the way
whatever spy genius thought the
way to get in Norris was telling her she
want to consult on a movie about all the
President's Men meet the West Wing
didn't build a very good psychological
profile and also I really the company
name was shell productions it's like if
you're making a shell company have a
brainstorm guys yeah shell company
we're from fake industries we're here to
