pod Jake Tapper Hellfire Club I feel
like that's a nickname for what the
Washington press corps is trying to do
to Michelle wolf yeah you got it
you got it Jake was here in studio
earlier today it was such a great
conversation it went a little long and
we're just gonna make it most of the pot
he was like a co-host today yeah we had
a great time with Jake well look it's
good to get a rookie broadcaster in the
room first Simon they that you know he's
a natural he was like a duck to water
yeah that Jake Tapper you know he could
uh he could relate to one of those
terribly offensive jokes about Sarah how
could be Sanders because Jake is famous
for throwing softballs isn't the joke
there that it's the opposite like yeah
so we're good we're good
he has tough questions so we're we're
not looks like a meadow we're not
Michelle wolfing you you got some
tickets to lover leave it everyone go in
the website oh yeah go to this is the
last chance to get tickets for the
Pittsburgh Baltimore and Columbus shows
that are this weekend they can be
awesome we're gonna do a special show
about social media and that'll be in
Columbus and in Baltimore and then we
have a great show lined up for
Pittsburgh too so get some tickets
I think Pittsburgh may be sold-out but I
don't know fantastic this weekend
weekend and we had an awesome love
relieve with Larry Wilmore and grace
Parra and Paul downs and Travis Hellwig
did a rant
neguin for Assad was there as delightful
delightful okay comedian Michelle wolf
destroyed journalism and really like the
Donald Trump on Saturday night by making
jokes about the fact that his White
House press secretary lies every day did
I pretty much get that right yeah sounds
about yeah come on so Michelle told some
jokes Michelle who was a guest I love
her leave it friend of the PAS friend of
the pot delightful delightful a
wonderful comedian incredibly funny
credibly talented we all just actually
watched it for the first time in the
office she made jokes about the press to
make jokes but reporters matrix but
Hillary Clinton about Democrats Trump
Trump's staff Kelly and Conway Sarah
Huckabee Sanders that was the subject of
all the consternation
so she makes these jokes the Trump jokes
and the Huckabee jokes they piss off
some Republican
it all sort of kicks off on Twitter
Saturday night with match slap the head
of CPAC who tweeted my wife Mercedes
slap and I walked out early from the
White House Correspondents Dinner enough
of elites mocking all of us he is a coke
brothers lobbyist who left ten minutes
early and then went to the after-party
which is actually just like a smart move
yeah get out of there early get to the
after parties Sean Spicer said it was a
disgrace who I intakes when he takes one
to know one
so that was all fine that that I also
respect of course they're gonna do that
but then all the reporters jumped in and
they were very upset Peter Baker said
unfortunately I don't think we advanced
the cause of journalism tonight Jeff
sell and he agreed it was an
embarrassment in the room and surely to
the audience at home Mika presents key
Andrea Mitchell said that Michelle wolf
owes an apology to sarah huckabee
sanders crystal is is very upset what
what do you guys make of all this I'm so
sick of us pretending that were shocked
by these jokes every single year look I
get it if you're if you know someone
personally even if you don't like them
and someone says something to them that
kind of is mean about their appearance
or whatnot it's totally fine to be
personally offended by that it is
ludicrous to pretend that this dinner is
about the First Amendment it is not it
is a Hollywood meets Washington
circle-jerk
of self-importance and coziness that is
long ago outlived its welcome in our
political space and you can't though say
that this is about the First Amendment
and then say but your joke was to mean
if you don't see the obvious
contradiction there you're an idiot and
on top of that like so okay if your
issue is you know we talked about this
with Jake as well if your issue is it's
basic decency and that Trump doesn't
treat people well and we should call him
out for it we should call this comedian
for doing so - that's fine by me but
like give me a break that we shouldn't
call it these people for lying brazenly
for a living every day and getting
famous and making money down the road
off it give me a goddamn break
yeah look it wasn't she spoke for 18
minutes and it's great was a tight set
sometimes people go too long too long
but I thought you know and so there's
this quiz oh it was crass or it was or
it was vulgar in some way well you know
she's talking about a vulgar and crass
administration we're talking about
pornstars which is talking about
grabbing people by the she is
using the words of the president that
deserved to be called out now and so
there was a bunch of right-wing people
that were like oh was vulgar and crafts
beyond measure okay guys give us a break
we know what you defend every single day
we know what Sean Spicer defended every
day the kind of personal attacks he look
about all these people are ridiculous
now if you want to isolate to Sara
Huckabee Sanders jokes that there is a
debate about whether they may have in
some way been at least partially
referencing her opinions is that that if
that is ultimately what we're talking
about an 18-minute set of jokes about
literally everyone democrat and
republican reporters and politicians
everybody and you want to say okay two
of these jokes to my mind may have gone
too far that's that's what we're gonna
debate for two days that's why the White
House Correspondents Association is
issuing an apology that's why Axios is
saying that Donald Trump won the evening
cuz you're saying maybe two jokes out of
what a hundred jokes may have in some
way reference a person's appearance a
woman who works for a person who insults
people based on their appearance every
single day yeah like here's
where it went over the line for me if
you do not like a joke that is fine if
you don't think a joke is funny no big
deal if you think a joke is mean that's
fine too everyone's entitled to their
opinion to say that joke wasn't funny
that jokes mean we're drives me
nuts is that we go from people offering
their opinions about the jokes to saying
that this is giving Trump a win that
this is not advancing the cause of
journalism when the was the last
time we advanced the cause of journalism
at a White House Correspondents Dinner
never it has never advance the cause of
dude didn't also um yeah right like in
some of the Trump some Trump officials
or the spouses of Trump officials
stormed out and said they were done
being mocked by elites you are the
elites yeah she was the comedian was
speaking on behalf of the rest of the
country that is sick of your lying
 and for journalists to rally
around them and not speaking truth and
to cling to their euphemisms drives me
crazy in like by the way Donald Trump
was in Michigan where he gave a ranting
hour and fifteen minute tirade where
they chanted lock her up and he
threatened to Burleigh
secret dirt on the united states senator
like there are more important things to
be offended about washington but yeah
we're on day seven of this idiocy I
can't it is so embarrassing for the
White House Correspondents Association
to have invited her to invited Michelle
wolf they knew her comedy they you can
see it on Netflix they know and
when they invited her they put out a
statement praising her truth to power
style and said and Margo tells that her
quote feminist edge make her the voice
right now and then last night this is
what the statement says the program was
meant to offer a unifying message about
our common commitment to a vigorous
press and and the speaker did not do the
speaker's message was not unifying it's
like well you are the press though it's
it's not the prep the press is job is
not to host an event that is
unifying their job is to report the
facts their goal is the truth their goal
is not unity their goal is not civility
and their goal is not to persuade
Republicans that their objective their
goal is to be objective this is the
difference is like they they cannot get
out of this mindset that their job is to
come off as balanced above all else
there's not their job when you have a
ganker truth when you have a gangrenous
limb the goal is not to unify with it is
to get it off it's the obsession you
know like it just goes to show that like
working the refs works we're
conservative Republicans have been
working the refs for decades now and
they have done a fantastic job because
in the reporters Minds all the time in
way too many Western reporters Minds is
this ideal like I have to be very
careful because I do not want to be seen
as biased that is that's the worst the
thing that offended me the most of this
weekend Rose scrolling through Twitter
or looking at their an email and and
someone just shoved a photo of the mooch
and Michael avenatti storm and Daniels's
lawyer or like with you know bumming
around together like one was like
holding the other and has fists up like
he was a boxer that chumminess that you
have an idiot who worked in Washington
for ten days before he got canned you
have a lawyer who's just like loves to
be on TV and they come together and they
find common ground at this celebration
of self-importance like that drives
me crazy that is why people hate
Washington it's not because someone told
a mean joke it is because it because P
it makes people at home
watch these cable news shows where
everyone's yelling at each other and
they yell at each other on cable and
these on these new shows and then they
see them at the correspondent Center and
they're all buddy-buddy no hospital so
it was the whole thing a act
like do you not really believe the
things that you're saying on TV because
you're all buddy-buddy z-- now it's also
uh Michelle wolf like okay she used some
vulgar language she made some vulgar
references that's actually it's not her
what she had her message what she was
addressing kind of the spirit of what
she said wasn't vulgar at all she had a
kind of you know there's a morality to
what she was saying there's a kind of an
ethic to her jokes about speaking truth
to power about pointing out hypocrisy
pointing out lies pointing out people
who are not serving their country who
are doing the wrong thing all the time
Washington right now is vulgar our
political culture is vulgar and crafts
and broken and disgusting it's
disgusting what's happening in
Washington is gross beyond measure every
single day and the fact that there's a
roomful of people who wanted to put on
tuxedos and nice dresses and pretend
that wasn't true for a night I'm sorry
that this comedian shook you from that
I'm sorry that that you wanted to
pretend that we were still in 2012 when
we had a president who was a decent
human being and you could take a joke
without losing his who was
respectable but we're not
I've been we've all been to the dinner
like there was a definitely time where I
thought okay there's some value to
bringing together people who wouldn't
necessarily talk and you like you have a
drink with the guy who works for Paul
Ryan or a reporter you don't know very
well and you like you connect on a
different level that actually makes that
next interaction you have on email or on
the phone better there's there's actual
value that there's not value to
Washington being perceived as or
actually circling the wagons and the way
Lovett said and defending itself it's
like this little organism that it's like
defending off reality at all costs and
it's just it should upset people and
just and one more note on handed Trump a
win a hand in trembling of know you go
 if any of voter out there it was
like you know what I was thinking about
voting against Donald Trump in 2020 but
then that comedian made fun of his press
secretary at the dinner with the
reporters and now I am for him I am for
Donald Trump that is the most
 patronizing view of voters in
this country coming from reporters who
think that this hands Donald Trump a
political win is how you know it's how
you launder kissing Sarah Huckabee
Sanders is ass through the guise of some
analysis that's based on no evidence you
think that little of voters they don't
need anything of voters they don't have
any opinion about it is a bunch of
people while it crystal ball always
these are all people are you talking
these are all people pretending to have
an opinion they're all looking around
and looking they're looking around and
thinking I know what I should think
right now it's not what they think maybe
they didn't like some of the jokes maybe
they didn't like the other dress the
notion that these people were offended
is made up it's nonsense
oh these poor people these poor people
they're there they're there their
delicate sensibilities they couldn't
handle the jokes they don't give a
they don't give a this is nonsense
and this is the White House
Correspondents Dinner is now a zombie it
died when Barack Obama left office and
then they then all of a sudden everybody
was sleeping in their beds and they
thought they were safe and then the
White House Correspondents Dinner cold
and grey and dead beat on the doors of
Washington to eat the brains of the
White House press corps and it succeeded
okay we got to do run these because then
we're just like them at a news
conference on Monday I'll talk about to
talk about Trump and Iran at a news
conference on Monday president Trump
said that killing the Iranian nuclear
deal would quote sent the right message
to North Korea right on the heels of a
weekend in which North and South Korea
took historic trap steps to come to an
agreement about the North's nuclear
program the same time today hold on
sorry same time today Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stepped up
pressure on that it states to pull out
of the nuclear deal he had a primetime
address on Israeli TV where he presented
what he called evidence of a secret
Iranian nuclear weapons program this was
to be evidence that Iran wasn't sticking
to the deal Tommy talked us through this
what's going so they so pretty
interesting that the Mossad and the
Israeli intelligence service managed to
get all these secret Iranian documents
out of Iran like good for them that's
impressive
essentially what they put forward
evidence of an Iranian nuclear program
years ago there was no evidence of
violations by Iran of the agreement
since the deal went into effect in early
2016 so it seems like this was a effort
to spin up oldish intelligence new
documents but sort of old news that
shows that you know they did intend to
have a nuclear program one point along
the line they haven't discarded the
know-how the manuals the knowledge if
they were to pick it up in the future
again but no he's trying to create cover
for Trump to pull out of the Iran
nuclear deal it seems pretty obvious to
me we'll see if it works and I think
most experts you see are like you know
impressive in one sense you know another
reason not to trust them but it doesn't
show that he's violated the spirit of
the deal how is how is killing the deal
sending the right message to North Korea
know that I mean it's up is down black
his wife you know it doesn't make any
sense
I don't know why you would cut a deal
with the United States after we told
another country that will no longer live
up to a deal that we had just made yeah
it does I mean I I don't see any
indication at this point that there's
any hope that Trump stays in this deal
neither he doesn't want to do it he
wants out he wanted out of Paris he
wants out of this these are the two he
came in he had an idea of what he wanted
to do he is not waiver from it for one
the only reason he's in there's people
that have managed to put him off and put
him off and distract him I don't know
with like a child mobile hanging above a
his bed but the mobile batteries are
running out and eventually he'll get
colicky and decide to pull out you need
like a nuclear battery and of course all
of this came after Trump received cheers
from supporters at a speech on Saturday
which they all chanted no bail no bail
that's true you know when Brock Obama
got a Nobel Peace Prize his reaction was
basically you've got to be
kidding me okay like he understood the
campaign you go to campaign but you
didn't have people chanting it at
rallies he was sort of embarrassed by it
and wrote a speech it was honestly kind
of scolding towards the know about
committee in response to you know
getting this thing prematurely the
notion that like let's just wait till
the negotiations are over we all want
this to work out but I mean Kim jong-un
6:8
ten months ago was tweeting or releasing
statements that he was gonna nuke us or
blow up Japan or you know burn the
planet to the ground now he's being
really nice do we think the now part of
this is sincere or then maybe he's being
a little duplicitous like they've done
every step along the way in the past you
know like seeing everyone leave to get
ahead of this insert Aki mutt Awards is
ridiculous I like that they were
chanting Nobel Nobel right before they
were chanting lock her up lock her up
about Hillary Clinton what
which I'm that's not offensive that the
president holds a rally by the way where
his supporters are cheering - chanting
to lock up his former political opponent
for totally cool down that's that's not
offensive at all Sarah Huckabee Sanders
joke though that was over-the-line the
joke jokes of all during the campaign
was like Oh God imagine nuclear
negotiations or the nuclear button being
under Donald Trump's you know finger
like his ego could destroy not one but
two nuclear agreements in the next
couple months this is a terrifying
situation when right now this is why it
would be great if the Correspondents
Association put a little more time
talking about you know should that
matter it's like President Trump has had
a news conference in over a year
let's also talk about that don't see a
lot of statements about that not
releasing the statements but the big
discussion now is reform how do we
reform the dinner next year look the
bottom line is I'm the one with the
dinner I'm the kind of person where when
I see a comedian making an appropriate
joke I speak out when I see the most
powerful human being on planet earth who
commands the most awesome military mind
in the history of the earth of Earth I
sometimes speak out you know I think
they're the same thing to compare one is
the president the others a comedian
equal footing to me I just take him as
him I don't like bullying from anybody
that's me the guy that doesn't like
