welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
I'm Tommy Vitor later in the pod Tommy
talks to JD Schulten the Democrat
running for Congress in Iowa's fourth
District against Republican Steve King
who's actually a white nationalist he's
a terrible terrible person like actually
a white national yeah when when asked if
he was a white nationalist or white
supremacist he actually did not deny
either and and every he was Ted Cruz's
national campaign co-chair mm-hmm Paul
Ryan lets him in every meeting they ever
have with the caucus they fundraise with
them that's your party Republicans so
that's we're gonna be hearing from JD
Scholten who's trying to take him out
he's got an uphill climb despite all
that because a pretty conservative
district of Iowa in Iowa but Tommy has a
good conversation with him tell me who
are you interviewing for Pods name of
the world this week back in the saddle
man back in the saddle well you know
there's a lot going on I'm gonna talk to
Mehdi Hasan who is a fantastic writer
and podcaster to the intercept and I'll
Jazeera I wanted to talk about this
ongoing dust-up a Saudi Arabia and more
importantly focused on what they're
actually doing in Yemen because it's a
humanitarian catastrophe yeah and I
don't think it's getting the attention
it's due I'm also trying to figure out
if I can figure out a way to talk about
what just happened in Brazil somehow
because that election is frightening so
I really want to hear about that okay
stay tuned then John okay everyone
should also check out this week's love
it or leave it which was hosted by our
pal Erin Ryan tastic so check that out
and we will be in Irvine California on
Friday for the last of for midterm
specials for HBO we just were in
Philadelphia great show check that out
it's now on HBO go and HBO now so you
can check that out and check out the
last one in our vine yeah and Chrissy
who lands really cool check out her
campaign she's inspiring she's one of
those people you meet and you're like oh
not only am i excited about your
election I'm excited for someone like
you to have the job and do it better and
be smart on policy she's brilliant she's
brilliant she's outstanding and she was
a great guest in Philly um finally we
are eight days out from the election so
please go to vote save America com
download a copy of your ballot you can
fill it out you can find information
about ballot measures and the candidates
on your ballot and make a plan to vote
you can figure out exactly when you're
gonna vote where you're gonna vote will
send you personal reminders on your
calendars they
no excuses no excuse also our pals at
civis analytics this is the sum of the
data people that helped Obama win
two-term cool nerds cool nerds they've
helped us identify twenty House races
and here's the deal with these House
races they are both very close yeah and
they are also in Cheaper media markets
right which means that if you donate to
these races you'll have a bigger bang
for your buck and you can help these
Democrats get over the finish line so we
put we put this link out on Friday it's
vote save America calm slash donate and
we expect it to you know hopefully
fundraise a couple a couple hundred
thousand dollars six hundred thousand
dollars we're already at right now and
believe thanks to you guys since since
Friday so and a lot of these candidates
in these races have reached out to us
since then and they've been overwhelmed
by the support some of them said that
like they're almost running out of money
and these checks came in and it helps
them over the finish line these are
races we can really win this means the
difference between being unable to
respond to paul ryan's disgusting super
PAC ads or you know getting your message
on the air it means maybe hiring one
last organizer to knock doors to get out
there and to get voters to the polls so
it's like the impact is so big with
these donations in this late stage yeah
so please donate alright let's get to
the very sad and enraging news today on
Saturday a gunman used an ar-15 to kill
eleven Americans who were attending a
bris at a Pittsburgh synagogue half a
dozen more people were wounded the
anti-defamation league called the
shooting at the Tree of Life synagogue
the single deadliest anti-semitic attack
in the history of the United States the
man arrested by authorities told a SWAT
team officer that quote he wanted all
Jews to die and he also had nearly two
dozen guns registered to his name
because that's what we allow here in the
United States Tommy what else do we know
about what led to the shooter whose name
is Robert Bowers to launch this attack
at this particular moment we know that
he believed that the Jews quotes are
working to destroy America by bringing
in immigrants and so I believe that that
conspiratorial crazy whatever you want
to call it belief is directly tied
the idea that you're seeing in the
mainstream media that there is a caravan
of people coming to invade our country
full of gang members young Isis like the
president says and that George Soros who
is a billionaire financier who happens
to be Jewish who has been demagogued by
the Republican Party for decades is
paying for that Caravan and like
secretly slipping in so it is it doesn't
require using a slur to be anti-semitism
if you're talking about how globalists
are controlling the media or our
politics
we know damn well what you're saying
Steve Bennett you're saying the Jews are
in charge the globalist Jews are running
the media or they're bringing it they're
subverting our democracy somehow this is
a disgusting anti-semitic slur we should
call it for what it is and this has been
part and parcel of Republican Party's
messaging in some places for a long time
and Trump is just mainlining this
experience yeah I mean I don't think we
can emphasize the link to the caravan
conspiracy enough here yep last week
sorry last week Matt gates Florida
congressman the dumbest person on the
 planet again is a frat paddle
come to life I believe his lovest line
yeah he is at the plural idiot but he's
dangerous well and again I mean like so
many of these people this is not someone
who who knows but like that genuinely
believes this is this is like a rich
dude who went to you know college and
everything like that he knows better and
he just decided to cast his lot with the
far-right and white now she was Donald
Trump because he knew it would help his
queer people who know him people might
get to be like this guy knows exactly
what he's doing
but he's just doing this purely for his
own ambition you may have heard of him
before because he invited a Holocaust
denier to be his guest at the State of
the Union that's right so that's what a
good guy Matt guides is so he started
this whole thing last week by saying by
tweeting a fake picture I wasn't real it
wasn't actually the caravan saying this
is the caravan George Soros has funded
this caravan Soros question mark right
just asking question in the queue in the
in the caravan are dangerous people who
are coming to the United States that of
course went on to Fox from Fox it goes
to the president right states his
think-tank that's in French so now we
have the Presidents Day
telling everyone that the caravan it is
that is a thousand a thousand miles away
from the border is filled with Middle
Easterners dangerous people possibly
terrorists all those kind of stuff and
that it's possibly funded by the
Democrats yeah and so now what happened
was on gab which is a social media
platform used by many white supremacists
and neo-nazis glad we have one of those
yeah Bauer's who's the guy who did the
shooting
recently complained after all this last
week that Jews were helping transport
members of the migrant caravans called a
Jewish organization that helps refugees
a sugar-coated evil and then finally
said I don't care about the optics I
can't take this anymore I'm gonna go do
this thing and now we have this mass
shooting Tommy what do we know in
general about rising anti-semitism over
the last few years the ADL reported in
February that the number of anti-semitic
incidents was nearly 60% higher in 2017
than in 2016 that is the single largest
that's sorry that's the largest single
year increase on record and the second
highest number reported since the ADA
started tracking incident data in the
1970s and of course this coincided with
Donald Trump's campaign in 2016 and
Donald Trump's presidency in in 2017 so
the question is does Trump bear any
responsibility for this rise in
anti-semitism the White House obviously
says not at all they point to his
statements condemning the attack in
Pittsburgh which according to the New
York Times were written by his Jewish
daughter and his Jewish son-in-law Jared
and sorry Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner
who I guess had to persuade him to
condemn these and super harsh terms
which is always comforting but what do
you think what what sort of connections
if any can we draw from Trump's
presidency Trump's rhetoric to sort of
these rising attacks I think that the
key to understanding the link between
Trump and these fringe anti-semitic
extremists is just listening to what the
French anti-semitic extremists say and
they take solace when in in
Charlottesville he blames both sides or
doesn't condemn them they look to him
and they're inspired and they see
leadership and and they
emboldened by him when he calls himself
a nationalist these right-wing
nationalist parties have been blaming
Jews for all their problems for
centuries they know damn well what it
means when Steve Bannon sits his fat ass
in the White House for six months as the
chief strategist they look to him for
leadership when he's inviting these
pizza gate lunatics into briefings and
you know these people walking around
making the like okay white nationalist
sign and and they so like what drives me
crazy about this is you know they're all
these people that say oh they're just
trolling you know they're just they're
trying to you know own the libs by
making these signs like you are what you
do you know and then on and then the
response like I think it drives me nuts
and I think African American community
is dealt with for a very long time as
well it's like when you point out
something as racist or anti-semitic I
think people are think that that's like
the the worst thing you could ever say
about someone that they are racist or
they're an anti-semite and they act like
pointing out the facts and making that
charge - somehow worse than the original
incident we need to call this for what
it is
right I mean to paraphrase Andrew
Gilliam I'm not saying he's an
anti-semite I'm saying the anti-semites
right he's an anti-semite Julia Yaffe
friend of the pod wrote a really great
piece for The Washington Post about all
of this that you should go check out but
she basically you know sort of laid out
Trump's evolution on this in 2016 he
joked at a meeting of the Republican
Jewish coalition that it wouldn't
support him quote because I don't want
your money yeah during the campaign he
tweeted a picture of Hillary Clinton
superimposed on a Star of David over
dollar bills after Julia published a
profile of Melania which the White House
didn't like she was del used with
anti-semitic threats Trump was asked to
condemn those attacks on Yaffe from his
supporters and he said quote I don't
have a message for them and of course as
you pointed out the worst example is
charlottesville people marching in
Charlottesville chanting Jews will not
replace us and Donald Trump saying there
were fine people on both sides
I want a reporter this is very simple to
ask Donald Trump asked Sarah Huckabee
Sanders asked anyone at the White House
today does the president still
leave that the people in Charlottesville
who were chanting Jews will not replace
us were fine people that there were fine
people among those Martians I want
someone to ask him that question because
if they really say he's not anti-semitic
that he condemns this kind of attacks
that he condemns the kind of hate that
leads to these attacks then then they
will answer the president that's right
you know what I don't believe they were
fine people I'm sorry I shouldn't have
said that but he won't because he hasn't
because nothing has changed since
Charlottesville the only thing that's
changed is somehow like the news move so
fast our collective memory doesn't
really remember the fact that in
Charlottesville he issued these horrible
horrible statements and has not
apologized for them right I mean there
was an article last year where I think
is the independent of the UK where Trump
suggested that Jews might be secretly
committing anti-semitic hate crimes on
themselves so that he looks bad I forgot
about that one
I mean Adams serwer who writes for The
Atlantic wrote I think as crystal-clear
a piece about how the spark for the
worst anti-semitic massacre in American
history was a racist hoax that was kind
of came through the weird Twitter
ecosystem through Lou Dobbs and then got
on Fox & Friends and then got to the
president and he decided that he was
going to demagogue a caravan of
desperate people because he thought it
was gonna be an election issue that
inspired this individual to do what he
did yeah period you know I keep thinking
like does the Republican line as well no
one can control what their supporters do
on either side and there's bad and
there's rhetoric on both sides that's
gotten out of hand right but what would
we be saying right now if these
perpetrators of these crimes are is hate
and it's violence that we've seen over
the last week or muslim' exactly what
would we be doing if there was a
connection to Isis wouldn't we say that
that Isis propaganda inspired some of
these people who said I'm doing this in
the name of Isis which we've seen all
the time of course and and we would be
calling on every single Muslim on the
planet to denounce this act and to do
better somehow and to somehow fix the
problem I mean these these people are
these right-wingers are incapable of
looking within their party within
themselves and seeing the harm that's
being created here and so it's not just
Trump the NRCC
after George Soros was sent an AED a
pipe bomb they put up an ad attacking
George Soros GOP leader Kevin McCarthy
tweeted we cannot allow Soros steyr in
Bloomberg to buy this election gee what
are those three guys have in common yeah
no I mean look it is true that a
politician or a leader cannot control
what his or her supporters do all the
time there are people who will will do
crazy things will do horrible things all
the time
but you can control your own words in
your own actions they like to point out
oh it was a Bernie Sanders supporter
that shot Steve Scalise and he was doing
it because there were Republicans right
that is correct and yet can you point to
a single word that Bernie Sanders has
ever said or any Democrat that told
people to commit violence can you do
that to Donald Trump yes how many times
did he say he was gonna pay the legal
bills of his supporters who beat people
up at rallies yeah how many times has he
said huh
today today he called the press the
enemy of the people how many times in
his stump speech is he called Democrats
evil and crazy he says it every single
day Democrats don't do that no I it also
worries me because there you see this a
lot among like young men in particular
there was a big part of the appeal of
Trump was he's just trolling he's
talking he's generally
anti-establishment I get why like
anti-establishment sentiments are
appealing to young people in the sixties
you're anti-war right yeah this is a
different time but that stuff can has
manifested itself online in dark ways I
mean there's racist anti-semitic jokes
that pop up on gab or 4chan or god
forbid like The Daily stormer and when
people you know it's sort of like a race
to the bottom to see who we can offend
and like upset the libs but I think it
that's of lulls you into thinking it's
acceptable and some people see that
stuff and can go further and further and
further I mean Timothy McVeigh the white
nationalist Oklahoma City bomber was
inspired by anti-semitic books and
teaching and he perpetrated a horrific
terrorist act so like we need to we need
to keep an eye on these things and we
need to understand
that leadership comes from the very top
and you can't tell me that Barack Obama
singing Amazing Grace in a church wasn't
an important healing moment in the lack
of that grace or any kind of unity in
our country it's like you can feel it or
get take George W Bush right right
who will go down in history as one of
the worst presidents because the Iraq
war was one of the biggest catastrophes
that any president has ever led us into
okay but George W Bush made a point of
condemning attacks on Muslims made a
point of saying the Muslim religion is a
peaceful religion and whether it's
George Bush whether it's Ronald Reagan
words any of the public and president
when they were if their supporters
started attacking people you wouldn't be
able to draw the same kind of links that
you can draw with Donald Trump and
Republicans know this of course
they know it damn well like and so like
whether it's Barack Obama George Bush
whatever like for some reason these
anti-semitic people these racist
supporters they look at Donald Trump and
they think he's one of them
after charlottesville they said we think
he's on our side we know he eventually
had to condemn it but they forced him to
condemn him and we really many waters
back what other president have
anti-semites and racists ever said that
about and like the people and it drives
me crazy the people that are elevated in
the media because they're sort of Trump
fans or sick of fans like Erick Erickson
lame bloggers two weeks ago tweeted it's
not a coincidence that this caravan to
the south of us is happening two weeks
before our federal elections he was on
Meet the Press the Sunday great booking
guys Lou Dobbs who is a particularly
virulent brand of washed-up and
intolerant had a guy on from Judicial
Watch who said talked about the Soros
funded State Department financially back
in the caravan it was so bad that Fox
actually to pull the episode and banned
the guests in perpetuity but like those
are the people that Donald Trump watches
those are the people he calls on the
phone during his nine hours of executive
time which is code for him sitting
around and tweeting and calling his
buddies right we have like a part time
president who you know in the time he
actually does work just divides the
nation as thoroughly as he possibly can
if the president United States and
Republicans in Congress truly believed
that this these kind of attacks and this
kind of hate and stuff like that
was awful and they wanted to condemn it
they could decide to comport themselves
