I am here at the Greek Theatre in
beautiful Los Angeles we are backstage
if you hear some drums
that's soundcheck so you should think
that's cool with one of my favorite
artists Jayson visible Jason thank you
for visiting us healing you flyover
country happy to be here LA so I wanna
start with a song you wrote called
elephant because it's just like
beautiful heartbreaking song that you
know if you haven't actually heard it
before you might want to pause play the
song
yeah wait for your song or return to the
podcast after you've dried up your face
it's it's about you know a couple it's
like watching someone you love die of
cancers right right and so I'll never
forget walking home from my office down
Melrose Avenue in LA listening the song
and just weeping like like everybody
else walking down Melrose was doing yeah
there's a lot of reason to cry walking
on motifs but what was amazing about
that moment was it created real empathy
and me for a fictional character and I
think that empathy has been missing in
like political discourse long before
Donald Trump ever came to be and I'm
wondering if there's a way that we can
like steal your mojo and you the empathy
creation magic from artists to fix this
well you know discussion I mean I think
it's better for everybody if we just try
to pretend like we're somebody else
every once in a while you know but yeah
you're right I mean the the Trump thing
would never have happened if we were
still acting like civilized grown
citizens you know I think that that was
probably a result you know not the the
Trump administration is not the disease
it's just a symptom oh yeah you know and
the disease to me is people have really
I don't want to say that they've stopped
caring about each other but I don't know
that they ever really have as much as
they should or as much as we should you
know because I don't believe that this
is as bad as it's been yeah in America I
mean we almost didn't make it all the
other countries in the world were
laughing at us right you know around
around the civil war time saying look at
these guys they just got started and
already they're killing each other and
watching from the bleachers and you know
and we were ourselves to death
and ditches I mean more people died from
diarrhea and the Civil War than anything
else you know and it's it's been worse
right but it's also been a lot better
and and you know I still think of it
like we've fallen a few rungs on a
ladder that we're still trying to climb
you know but yeah I think part of the
problem is the idea of delayed
gratification is really I think hard for
people to grasp I think it's a lot
easier for people to say you know the
the low-hanging fruit conundrum for
people to say this is right in front of
me so I'm gonna take it rather than
really realizing and I'm not talking
about like uh a financial system I'm not
saying people should be socialist or
communist that's a different
conversation but just in the way that we
treat each other on a day to day basis I
think every once in a while it might
even be in your own self-interest for
your neighbors to be happy you know and
I think that's something that we've sort
of forgotten it's like you can still be
as selfish as you want right you're just
gonna have a way better day if
everybody's being treated fairly if your
neighbor comes and says I think
someone's trying to break in yeah that'd
be good and you know if everybody was
getting treated fairly we wouldn't need
to break into so many houses your house
might not get broken in in the first
place you know those are worse a live
life and I'm not saying that you know
you should because I love old guitars
and sneakers way too much to be a
communist but I do feel like there's
there's a level of fairness there where
you know there's a there's a certain
amount of success you can have and then
you really need to start thinking about
okay is this more than I need you know
and not just financially but I'm talking
about you know in every possible way do
I have more power in general than I need
and if you do I think it's probably time
to start sharing that mm-hmm so I come
out of the gate hot with an empathy
question I'm gonna reveal myself to be a
hypocrite which is to say like politics
basically it mostly enrages me these
days yeah
and that's like I have a off valve right
I get to talk about it for livings yeah
it makes it easier but like in person
I'm a pretty
person I like don't usually tell people
what I do for a living if I think it's
gonna start a shitty brutal day today
but on the on the internet it's like
let's go let's get angry let's get
profane and sometimes when I am I'm rage
tweeting at something Trump said the
song you wrote called hope the high road
it comes into my head and I feel very
guilty so I'm here to that's what that
song is for so I'm here to ask you is
that is it an aspirational song for you
are you able to like live by that and
not get pulled into the muck oh no I
still get pulled into it all the time
you know and I think even even having
dignity and self-respect in discourse is
a privilege you know because your
dignity and your self-respect it's gonna
go away as soon as you don't have any
water or as soon as you don't have any
food right you know so the the
opportunity to say you know let's take
the high road is yeah that's a that's a
great privilege to have and the
opportunity to turn it off and go about
your daily life and not have to bring it
up I don't have to bring up politics to
people on the street because I've got on
shoes mm-hmm you know I was walking
barefooted
I would be talking about the politics of
getting me some goddamn shoes you know
so it's it's yeah and I think realizing
that privilege you know I don't I don't
think you have to be on all the time
because within that privilege there is a
point of diminishing returns you know
and you you kind of have to assert at a
certain point you have to be a hypocrite
to really get anything done you know or
I do from my position because if I'm not
a hypocrite that I'm walking around
screaming all the time right you know
and if I'm walking around screaming all
the time nobody's listening to me
anymore true and you know they're
locking me up somewhere so you sort of
have to you have to use that privilege
to keep yourself sane enough and
functional enough to create rational
arguments that might get across to
people who otherwise wouldn't listen but
you know as an overall theme you know
that song is it's it's it's it's sort of
the impossible dream there you know it's
like let's let's do our best to try to
stay civilized in this and you know it's
not it's it's not going to always be
possible sometimes you're just gonna get
you know so angry sigh it happens to me
all the time but I have some friends who
you know that the only thing they post
on their Twitter account is rage toward
the administration and I guarantee you
I'm just as angry as they are but man
you're gonna turn everybody off if
you're just screaming about it all the
time and you know the the only really
good thing about hypocrisy is being a
hypocrite does not mean you're wrong
that does not make your point wrong you
know it you can be just you can be right
about everything and live by none of it
and be a hypocrite and a genius you know
sure speaking of some some non geniuses
the NRS see the National Republican
Senatorial Committee came out and
criticized you the other day it was you
and Ben Folds headline to rally for Phil
Bredesen the former governor of
Tennessee who's running for Senate we
should pause for a second on who Ben
Folds is if you haven't heard of the Ben
Folds Five check him out he wrote a song
called brick that that was a big hit
tore up everybody in high school for a
while everybody realized what it was
about you know it was like super sad and
all of a sudden they realize it's a song
about abortion and they're like oh my
god oh my god but but n-fold is like
this like virtuoso piano player on the
board of love like the Symphony
Orchestra right like a very super super
grown-up dude yeah with a really really
sick weird sense of humor that I just
love I've always been a fan of his work
I think I think the song Satan is my
master where he says he buys my
Metallica records for me I think that's
genius that's old that's old bin full
sorry what deep cuts for three that's
pre TV talent show judging Ben falls so
there's a lot of layers of Ben Folds
yeah the N RSC decided to attack you and
Ben Folds by saying Phil Bredesen was
partnering with the unhinge left by
doing an event with you as a concert my
read on that is like a recovering
political professional was just to laugh
at how stupid it is like a popular local
artist and Ben Folds who we've discussed
now yeah but what did you make of this
oh no they totally missed it was it was
laughable I was proud of it you know
because being insulted doesn't bother me
I know I know what I do in the world I'm
fine with myself you know but I I
thought it was a great moment for for
Phil's campaign for one thing because
it's just completely backfired and it
really showed you how out of touch the
people who crafted that particular
insult were because if there's anything
that my career has been about over the
past six or seven years it's been
injured miss you know and how to get
reimaged they stay that way I've been
pretty Angley it was great I went to my
therapist I was like you know how you
told me I'm supposed to take some more
risks now like like kind of like I used
to but not you know like measured risk
well now on him and I think you'll feel
like that's probably pretty good for me
and she's know you're on his she said
they're not gonna shoot you are they and
I was like no no I'm not that popular
you know at this point but but uh but
yeah I'm unhinged it's good it's good
for me to feel dangerous yeah you're
dangerous I mean wife looked at me
differently after that she's like ooh
you're unhinge let's get a motorcycle
yeah I mean but it's like part of this
trend where athletes celebrities artists
are criticized for having an opinion are
talking about social issues or politics
right like Laura Ingraham famously told
LeBron and Kevin Durant to shut up in
dribble because everyone wants to hear
what she has to say and not them how do
you deal with that or view your
responsibility as an artist to talk
about things that are important and you
know the world well it really it's an
it's a non-issue I mean the real issue
is you know Kevin and LeBron disagree
with Laura and so Lauren's Laura is
doing everything she can do to get
people to not pay attention to him right
you know nobody cares where those voices
are coming from right nobody gives a
damn if it's me or Ted Nugent or LeBron
James or you know it's really the issue
is not bad
it'd be nice if if they really meant it
you know but we we know it's a game yeah
it's it's a game listen I played this
benefit show in a crazy ski town a while
back where I just went up and played
like 45 minutes for all these people who
donated a ton of money you know to some
organization they had I'm not gonna get
too awful off
specific about it but it was a good
thing I had a good time nobody told me
until after I played my set that Ted
Cruz was in the audience you know
they're probably smart to do that and
not tell me that but I didn't play white
man's world so I was so mad I didn't
find out until the show was over and
they packed everything no I was like can
I just run up to him and play this song
in his face right now but you know he's
out there listening to the lyrics and
like bopping along they don't believe
any of this they don't the far
right they're just doing that because
they think they're gonna get more
powerful that way nobody really believes
that maybe pants pence looks like
enough of a Mennonite to maybe go along
with that kind of stuff like he looks
like the kind of guy who wouldn't wear
it like wouldn't marry a woman who wore
pants he won't sitting to dinner with
him yeah exactly exactly he's probably
afraid he's gonna have to pick up the
check but he you know most most of the
people who are at least the pundits most
of the people who are running for office
too
you know on the far right side of things
they know all that is ridiculous they
know that we're right they just don't
want anybody to listen to us because it
threatens their power right it's um I
mean Trump's favorite pastime right now
is is telling NFL athletes African
American athletes how to stand or sit
during a national anthem right yeah and
like you know it's hardly the first time
that patriotism has been you know the
weather we've demanded a specific type
of patriotism and the Dixie Chicks were
essentially run out of country music
when they criticized President Bush on
the Iraq war because they were women yes
yeah yes 100%
Bambi's we were in that insane period in
2003 where you couldn't say the Iraq war
was a bad idea yeah it was all because
they were women
if anybody McGraw had done it nobody
would have came here know it was because
they were women they were talking out of
turn well okay that's a very interesting
point because I also the I don't think
that like most drunk guys at a bar
singing along to born in the USA have
any clue what that song is about no they
don't and watch Eric church's record
sales they're not gonna drop you know
after his interview in Rolling Stone
where he talked about you know how
assault weapons are not the best idea
for everybody
the NRA you know he talked like he
didn't really particularly love the
inner
right nothing's gonna happen Eric Church
you know guys like me can say whatever
we want to say but that that thing
happened because Natalie was a woman and
I thought forever I thought that it was
different I thought it happened because
they were selling their records to
people who weren't similar enough to
them mmm you know and I thought that's
what happened I thought they got popular
on country radio you know middle
America's buying these albums and
Natalie is not the kind of person who
believes the same thing as the majority
of her audience so when she allows
herself to be herself then there's this
huge blowback within one day we were
playing that very same venue where that
happened in London and I was walking
around the place on the sidewalk and it
just hit me it's like no that's not that
has nothing to do with it it just
happened cuz she was a woman and people
didn't want to hear her opinion because
she was a woman and it gave them an
opportunity to push another woman out of
the entertainment business I mean yes I
think that is right but back to your
question well no I mean look that's part
of the question because you you see this
like patriotism Music Factory in country
music sometimes but then I listen to
songs that you wrote like TVA was about
the Tennessee Valley Authority and like
what it meant for a whole bunch of
people or dress blues which honors the
death of marine corporal Matthew
Connelly but is overtly critical of the
Iraq war and I think those songs are a
hell of a lot more patriotic than like
Iraq and roll or ever was
coming out in 2003 man I love my country
very much you know I love my daughter
very much but you know it's my job to
try to help her be better you know and I
mean I think that that's a type of
patriotism that rings more true to me
than anything else I think it's your job
to stay reasonably educated at least you
know as educated as you're privileged to
be about what goes on in your country
and try to do what's right try to
encourage people in leadership positions
to do what's right you know I don't see
blanket acceptance as ever helping
anybody you know I mean or at blanket
encouragement maybe blanket acceptance
but not blanket encouragement you know
you don't have to in order to love an
institution you most certainly don't
have to agree with every decision they
make and and I don't think you should
you know I love Gibson guitars but
they're bankrupt right now are they yeah
yeah they're in a bad shape I'm a Taylor
guy yeah they're good before yeah yeah
for the acoustics I like them more but
the Taylor's play really really well
it's just cuz they got that big booming
dreadknot is that like your the thing I
like the loudest guitar as possible okay
for acoustic guitars I think it's kind
of like the green M&M principle so you
know you may already know this but
everybody used to give Van Halen a hard
time about the green M&Ms no green M&Ms
on their rider and they thought that was
just them being prima donnas but really
and David Lee Roth talked about this in
his book but really they would put that
in the rider in order to make sure that
the entire rider was read because they
were on a tour with airplane a lot of
tertiary markets and they were doing
rooms where they want to assure that all
of their stage production could be
supported by the room you know so
somebody could very easily get hurt you
know if you're if you're blasting off a
bunch of pyro and jumping off the
speaker's in the Civic Auditorium in
Columbus and somebody hasn't gone
through the proper channels and they
haven't read the entire writer so they
knew as soon as they walked into the
dressing room if there's green M&Ms in
that bowl somebody either didn't read
the whole rider or didn't care about
what it said when they saw there's no
green M&Ms they could go onstage without
fear of getting their neck broken by a
falling lighting truss there was a
reason as a method to that it was a
reason I mean it's it's silly but I love
that story and so is the green M&Ms that
relates at Martinson yes the volume of
the guitar is the green M&M to me if I
play an acoustic guitar and it is louder
than any other acoustic guitar in the
room I know all the pieces of it are put
there the way it's supposed to be yeah I
I bought myself the guitar that I
remember seeing in Guitar Center and
wanting with all every fiber of my being
when I was 12 years old and then I
realized two years ago that I'm old yeah
and I can buy whatever I want
it's like koa wood beautiful tailings I
used to have a tailor that I really
liked and and I bought it with some
student loan money in college one year I
went to all my teachers and I was like
I'm not gonna buy your textbook because
this is a scam and you know it's a scam
and I'll study I'll take notes and you
know I'll get whatever I need to get
from the library but I must been my
student loan money on something that
actually does me some good for that work
it worked every single one of them was
great with it and I made 1b and the rest
is that semester yeah yeah it
worked and I don't know if it would work
now but you know in those days it was
like they were looking at me and I was
from Alabama and I was like you know
they're like well I'm sure if he you
know he probably didn't have a whole lot
of money coming into here so we're not
