I'll start it up again we're losing Dan
welcome to pod save America I'm John
Favreau
I'm Dan Tyler today on the pod we're
talking midterms and polling with the
whiz kid himself friend of the pod Harry
anton of CNN also on pod save the world
this week Tommy talked with cricket
contributor Ben Rhodes about Donald
Trump's decision to withdraw from the
Iran deal and about recent reports that
Iran deal opponents hired Israeli spies
to stock Ben and his family how about
that one dan I mean what a world they're
not dealing with good people still
haven't seen Congress take any action on
figuring out why Iran deal opponents
hired foreign spies to stalk Americans
who were in government think that would
be an interesting topic for them to look
into don't know why no one's doing
anything well I think it's Paul Ryan
flying around the country thirty million
dollar checks right middle in the middle
of the gray areas for campaign finance
law from Sheldon Davison so he's pretty
busy yeah he's also spending a lot of
time aiding and abetting Devon Eunice's
cover-up of Trump's crimes so you know
there's only so much so many hours in a
day for Paul Ryan before we get into
everything else there's obviously some
news today kim jeong-hoon released three
American hostages Trump went to greet
them in the middle of the night when
they came back at Andrews and then he
gave this very bizarre quote we want to
thank Kim Jong hoon who was really
excellent to these three incredible
people
was he excellent to these people that he
kidnapped and then put into forced labor
camps for a couple years for a year a
couple months sure sure if you ignore
the kidnapping that he was great I mean
look the first day it is great but the
super our home
you never efforts the Donald Trump for
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo did you
do that
kudos to them kudos to them thank god
they're home thank God for their
families yeah unambiguously you're good
at it
I'm not sure Donald Trump needed to give
Kim jong-un the fives already on Airbnb
at the end of this so good yes I like
that yeah
I mean also like acting like this is I
mean you know the Obama administration
secured the release of two hostages from
North Korea in 2014 you know Bill
Clinton did before him like this is this
is something that happens Kim jong-un
has done this before the North Korean
regime regime has done this before has
released hostages to Americans I think
that's so far I mean you know we've said
this before it's good that Donald Trump
is going to talk with Kim Jong and
diplomacy is good we believe in
diplomacy we did when we were about
ministration we do today but I think
it's important to recognize that so far
North Korea has not done anything or
taken any steps that it has not taken
before in Prior administration's in
prior years so I believe that you know
today they announced that Donald Trump
and Kim jong-un would be meeting in
Singapore on June 12th that is the big
summit so you know hopefully there's
good outcome there but the big question
at the heart of all of this is still you
know will Kim jong-un give up his
nuclear program his nuclear weapons I
stopped trying to adapt and and that we
don't have any evidence that he'll do
that yet yeah I think that's exactly
right there is with the fact that this
meeting is happening first planned at
least is very good news I am for
diplomacy as the best path to solving
this challenge there's the devil
presidents of both parties for many
years like you said there's a lot of
work to do so should me keep the Nobel
on ice
I would probably for someone who
supports diplomacy I would probably
prefer that we sent someone to the
meeting who can answer the question how
to get to North Korea from South Korea
but we don't go to we don't go to
diplomacy you the president we have the
president we choose we go with the
president we have I guess or something
yeah again I mean 300 plus million
people in this country if you tried to
pick one to go to a summit with Kim Jong
hoon to try to achieve world peace and
get rid of nuclear weapons I think
Donald Trump would be at the very bottom
of the list but like Martin shkreli
Donald Trump there's just there's not
devyn newness maybe
you said Kanye West or Donald Trump
probably Kanye West probably Kanye West
yeah I think I would Jo it's a close
call yeah but anyway like you said but
we have Donald Trump so let's roll the
dice and see what we get okay
let's talk about let's talk about
Michael Cohen it seems as though the
president's lawyer has run afoul of the
law Dan yeah it's amazing this week we
learned that the slush fund he created
so that Donald Trump could pay off
stormy Daniels had more than one purpose
essential consultants LLC which I
believe is the first time the word
essential has been used in connection
with Michael Cohen was also used to
accept massive payments from giant
telecom companies drug companies and
Russian oligarchs who wanted access to
the President of the United States just
your standard stuff this information
appeared in a detailed 7 page document
that was posted on Twitter by stormy
Daniels camera-shy lawyer Michael
avenatti the information was later
confirmed by multiple news outlets and
we know it's true because the Treasury
Department has launched an investigation
into how avenatti gut Cohen's financial
records Dan obviously lots to unpack
here but what was your first reaction to
all of this news my first reaction was I
had to go home Wednesday night or
Tuesday night and like read for two
hours to figure out what the
happened because I didn't pay much
attention to the news that day and it's
a lot - it's a lot to pick through I
mean really there is so much it and
there is so much happening there is it
is there like the web is so tangled with
bad players just stupid activity crimes
crush it and you really have to like
step back in and and sort of step back
and sort of figure it out
I'd say a couple things about this one
it is pretty clear once again that we
are dealing with criminals but we are
not dealing with criminal masterminds
because the whole point of a shell
company you create is to create some
distance for yourself so then you
probably shouldn't use the same shell
company you use as your pornstar pay off
hush slush fund to run your
sketchy pay-for-play access though a
consulting business so rule number one
of slush funds no double-dipping level
of lazy stupidity lazy stupid
criminality Michael come in to have many
burner phones he could use to make
speaker calls and then forget to throw
them away as though that the Southern
District of New York can seize them at
the end of the day I mean it is it's why
they're called burner phones Michael
Cohen you're getting right here is from
the emergency bonus edition of last
week's pod that we had to ditch because
NBC got the story wrong so yeah I get to
do our burner jokes Z I think the other
thing here is it does like Michael Cohen
is sort of the rosetta stone to Trump's
crimes because as you sort of dig into
that you're dealing with it sort of
brings together potential money
laundering just rank corruption and
pay-for-play
Russian oligarchs providing money and
like this is this is why this Trump has
been such a lunatic ever since the
office is already because he knows that
all the bodies are buried here yeah so
let's unpack all this and let's start
with the Russian angle there's an
investment firm called Columbus Nova
which is the American subsidiary of
Renova Group which is a Russian
conglomerate founded by a Russian
oligarch with close ties to Putin named
Victor Vekselberg he was also tough so
Columbus Nova also paid Cohen eight
installments totaling five hundred
thousand dollars between January and
August of 2017 avenatti suggested that
the money may have helped cover the
hundred and thirty thousand dollars
stormy Daniels payment we don't know
that for sure Dan Viktor Vekselberg was
stopped at Dulles Airport months ago in
questioned by Robert Muller's
investigators last month the Treasury
Department placed him on a list of
Russians who've been sanctioned for
interfering in our election quite a
coincidence that he's involved no
coincidence Russians who interfere in
the election having
the personal and financial ties to charm
maybe maybe it's just a coincidence that
it happened to be that this Russian
oligarch was looking for the best most
essential consulting services available
in America and he scoured the waterfront
looking talking to all the big fire when
he came down to at the end after this
rigorous unbiased search with that
Michael Cohen was the man's into this
nebulous work for him
it's pretty wild and at some point I I
recognize that everyone is innocent till
proven guilty that we should be
skeptical but at some point the mountain
of coincidences gets so tall that you
just have to acknowledge that there are
more there is an incredible amount of
questionable conduct illegally Galla t
criminality that's at the root of all of
this it's just there are just too many
coincidences for this to be a
coincidence yeah and there's a couple
other interesting points here you know
that they're a little worried about this
because Columbus Nova said through an
attorney that it was never owned by a
foreign entity and yet renova group the
Russian conglomerate listed on their
website as one of their companies
Columbus Nova as late as November of
2017 and when you go there now it says
oh the websites under construction we
also know that Columbus Nova the
American subsidiary which is an
investment firm for some reason spent
2016 and 2017 registering websites for
white supremacists and alt-right groups
why were they doing why was an
investment for him doing that why were
they controlled by a Russian oligarch
why did they spend five hundred thousand
dollars on Michael Cohen's essential
consulting services and why was this all
done in a time period right before the
election and ended in the summer of 2017
right when the sanctions debate stopped
what what's going on here man John you
are so cynical about to behave I mean
affiliate illy ated old guard I just I
don't know I don't know Dan yeah
crazy that's what it is but it's so
obvious what is going on here
and it is but we can't say it we have to
like dance around it it's like the
stories in the paper over the weekend
there were the incredible investigative
reporting about the fact that Trump at a
time of incredibly low interest rates
and who instead of who instead of
borrowing money decided to break with
all real estate practice and just pour
massive amounts of cash of unknown
origin into real estate properties while
his son was saying that on in an
interview that all their money came from
Russia and we don't say what it is money
laundering like no one could say that
because that would somehow violate some
normal journalism it's pretty clear what
is going on here the only question is
will Bob Muller or the US Attorney's and
so district New York be able to find
sufficient evidence to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that a crime was
committed but let's not be naive about
what is happening I mean it it is so
light it's all happening before right
and yeah and it's also it's also
important to note that we always know a
fraction of what Muller knows and we
usually know it much later than what
when Muller found out so we know from
all these reports that Muller was
questioning this Russian oligarch months
ago we know that he has been looking
into essential LLC and looking at these
payments months ago we only know now
because of avenatti but but Muller's
known all of this for a long long time
so in addition to taking half a million
from Russian oligarchs and buying the
silence of the president's mistresses
essential consultant was also a massive
pay to pace pay to play slush fund Cohen
would basically go around to big
corporations with business before the
government and promised them access to
Donald Trump and his advisors in
exchange for large sums of money AT&T
was trying to push a merger through and
fight net neutrality rules so they paid
off Cohen a big drunk up a big drug
company called Novartis heard the Trump
promised to lower drug prices so they
paid off Cohen I guess first of all how
common is this because you know there is
this relationship in DC where a lot of
companies pay people they believe to be
close to a president to sort of get
advice and it falls short of the legal
definition of lobbying but it's clearly
trying to purchase some sort of
influence and access well I think you're
hearing from a lot of these of the
Washington hands and reporters who've
been around the block and dined at the
Capital Grille multiple time saying this
is just how things are done how things
are done is terrible first of all true
but it's also not really true because
yeah there is a lot of people a lot of
people who go around and oversell their
access to pretty naive corporations and
foreign entities about what they're
gonna be able to deliver and so that
does happen but what is different here
is a couple things one the amounts of
money we're talking about a pretty
extreme right late so I think to say
that Novartis II was who ended up paying
1.2 million dollars I believe over time
that that is an amount of money for one
individual that is pretty unheard of and
how what clinical lobbying is done
apparently it's apparently it's way way
more than Novartis paid any of their
lobbyists so you look through all their
lobbying records and even like the most
expensive lobbying firm that they hire
it's nothing compared to what they paid
Michael Cohen for one meeting so
that that's alarming her they suggest
something untoward second the realist
not just overlooked the fact that like
there is this great error between like
on the outskirts of lobbying which is
unregulated this should be really
regulated which is basically strategic
consulting where people with large
networks and great connection get quote
unquote political intelligence and share
it with companies but then but don't
technically advocate for a specific
policy or advocate on behalf of the
client and therefore they don't have to
register as lobbyists which means they
don't have to disclose things and they
sort of live in this sort of the shadows
of the DC employers game if some of
these reports are true that what Trump
what Cohen was promising was specific
meeting specific access to deliver on
specific requests
of the of these clients then he was
almost certainly lobbying in in
violation of the law now on the list of
crimes Michael Coleman is alleged to
have committed violating the lobbying
registration failing to register as a
lobbyist is probably pretty small but it
is a crime then we turn that over look
moderately significant crimes from close
associates of president estates in a
normal world that would be a gigantic
deal and it should be here - we can't
just sort of poopoo it because they
means he's not guilty of treason or
conspiracy against the United States or
the other crimes that people always she
may have committed um yeah I mean so
there's a question there's a legal
question which is how much legal trouble
is coming in which we just talked about
and also is Trump liable as well those
questions are did Trump know about what
Colin was doing was Trump getting any
money himself knowing that Trump doesn't
like when aids you know or people close
to him profit off of him and usually
likes to take a cut on his own there's a
lot of questions about you know whether
Trump he knew about this and B was
getting money himself so that seems like
that's you know that's the Trump
liability there's also a larger
political question here which is how
drained is this swamp right this
this this president you know up till
like the weeks before the election was
talking about Hillary Clinton being
bought off and draining the swamp in
Washington and it's become so
comical at this point that now we have
in the Trump administration the biggest
companies and richest can just
pay off Republicans to get tax cuts and
special favors while most people's
premiums are going up the cost of their
prescription drugs are going up eighteen
T's jacking up their phone bills their
internet isn't free anymore and you know
these people can't afford to pay a bribe
to some dumb mobster lawyer who's
friends with Donald Trump and they can't
afford to make huge donations to pay off
politicians and that's the government
right now and to me that seems like
that's something the Democrats can go
out there and run on what do you think
yeah that's exactly right Donald Trump
ran as a populist reformer and his
govern as a quote
 and Democrats have to make that
hate and I feel oh you know I was met I
was communicating with some reporters
the other day about this question like
do you think democratic message and the
answer is we and because we're not at a
point where Democrats are communicating
and paid messaging Digital Television to
voters right that's how you know what
the real message of and it's not what
there's not actually what they're saying
on Twitter right let's check the people
like what is what does it mean to
narrative there can end it they're going
to spend money we communicate to voters
what are their volunteers and Canvassers
saying people the doors and the phones
right like what what is that narrative I
and were little I think twisting around
the actual as a party because part of
the one of the overly simplistic
critique for the Democratic message in
2016 was you focus too much on Trump's
personal foible that not enough on
policy hmm and to me that I think there
are some merit of that for that point
for sure but it is not it's a false
choice right you have to weave a policy
narrative with an argument around the
characters and values of who you're
running against and that is not doesn't
mean have to all be about Trump's but
what is happening in Washington is all
tied together you leave attendance for a
long time the argument from Democrats
should be you're running against the
chaos in the corruption in Washington
and Wall Street and then you have like
literally a phone book that remembers on
a film that was some data points the
point that I got so I think that's when
this is this Cohen thing is one more
example of that if we should use it
because it says something about what is
happening in Washington and what rule
and why we need change and Democrats are
the change of time which we were not
last time so we can more
enthusiastically grasp that change
mantle than we were able to do - that
was good to me this is getting in the
media narrative - we talked about this a
