lucky you president Trump has decided to
start tweeting at you I think he knows
you have a book out helped me enormously
yeah he really wants people to read your
book so he tweeted he's criticizing your
meetings with the Iranian officials and
and suggesting they were illegal and
saying wondering aloud if you were
registered under the foreign agents
Registration Act which is Allah we know
he doesn't understand because he hired
Michael Flynn let me hired Paul Manafort
what do you think about these tweets
what's he doing here well he's it's the
great Trump distraction I mean we know
that he isn't gonna read my book is I
mean I thought today if they want to
hide documents from him they should put
it in my book I mean the guy's you know
comes from a different place it's a
distraction on the day that Paul
Manafort cops a plea and and I tweeted
back I said mr. president the
conversation you really ought to be
worried about is the one that took place
between manna fort and Muller yeah right
so we are where we are who you've known
for what since high school yeah yeah I
knew my mother was captain in my hockey
team he was a terrific athlete best
athlete really in school he was we
played soccer hockey and lacrosse
together for four years well yeah it was
fun Donald Trump is a good it was to
shred the defense yeah I know that's
exactly what he's doing so you know he's
criticizing you for your continued
efforts to well no they're not
continuing the irony is they're not
conditioned okay no from the moment the
president has made his decision MO is
good I've met with anybody regarding
that people come to meet and we meet
normally and of course it's a subject of
conversation it was going to be so I'm
not defensive in the least about it at
the time that I met it was at the United
Nations General Assembly I mean in in
the you know outside but that was the
occasion that brought him to the United
States he met with countless numbers of
people right I mean he met with he
formally delivered a address at the
Council on Foreign Relations he went to
the media but everywhere
and I met with him in the Munich
Security Conference I met with him in
Oslo Norway at a peace conference where
people were talking about how you make
the world safer so I will always meet
with people to talk about how you avoid
a war in the Middle East and how you
make this country of ours safer
yeah and that's really what's going on
but nothing unusual I mean Henry
Kissinger has spent four decades now
meeting with the Chinese meeting with
the Russians meeting with people in
various places in the world this is the
normal thing that Senators Congressmen
ex senators congressmen who are engaged
in public affairs do we have
conversations with other people and by
the way the administration should have
more of them yeah they should start well
it'll paint steak I mean look I'm
defensive of the Iran deal because I
believe it made us safer
you painstakingly negotiated this thing
spending weeks at a time
locked in hotel conference rooms with
Iranian counterparts you did it with a
broken leg I mean what did you learn
about your interlocutor as the Iranians
when you did this and and what does your
response been to their efforts to tear
up this deal well look we all and time
you know this you know these issues
we're all troubled by Iran's role in the
region we're troubled by their support
for Hezbollah we're troubled by their
threats against Israel we're troubled by
their trafficking arms to Yemen we're
troubled by their meddling in Iraq and
Saudi Arabia and so forth so there are
issues to resolve with Iran but our
calculation President Obama's
calculation first of all but the
calculation of everybody administration
was we are better off dealing with those
issues if Iran isn't marching towards a
nuclear weapon or doesn't have one and
so first step get control of the nuclear
process take that threat off the table
which is what we did and it's we also
kept in place their sanctions for
missiles the sanctions for human rights
abuses the sanctions for their
trafficking and weapons and we raised
those sanctions and during that period
of time so there was no inattention by
the Obama administration to these issues
but we believe that you're going to have
a better chance of advancing it if you
build a relationship
which holds them accountable certain
international standards that's what
that's what happened until Donald Trump
alone
just pulled out and guess what left
Europe China Russia and Iran all trying
to keep the agreement so he thinks it's
bad but everybody else you know the
major players who were involved in it
think it's good and want to keep it yeah
and he seems to be threatening them with
the military action if they don't blow
up so well but I terms the real policy
of this administration is obvious now it
is regime change right they are trying
to do regime change and the bottom line
is we don't do that very well right I
mean how much cakewalk how much of a
cakewalk would a war with Iran be what
day would we be greeted as liberators
how quickly would we pay for the effort
with their oil it feels like it's
obvious it's a no-brainer right it
should be it should be but it obviously
isn't because we have neo cons that
we're back in we're pushing the idea
that they're gonna put so much pressure
on them they're going to cave here's
here's what here's what is going to
happen if they were to cave if and it's
a huge if because their view is we're
untrustworthy now we've proven it
because of Donald Trump pulling away
from the agreement so the idea of them
coming back to the negotiating table is
a pipe dream it's not going to happen so
if you keep the pressure on if there
were to be a change because of the
dynamic Trump has set up by making
rouhani president rouhani look you know
not credible because he negotiated with
America and now he finds America bites
them you're not gonna see an Iranian
leader negotiate with the United States
for a long time yeah certainly not with
Donald Trump how how much damage do you
think Trump has done to America's
reputation in the world international
institutions and how difficult do you
think it will be for the next president
to sort of put it back together I
remember you know when Obama was running
a big theme was Bush's destroy our
reputation in the world and then he
became president and the you know the
entire administration sort of got that
back over eight painstaking years but do
you think it's it's been worse with
Trump already or
I think John I think the leaders in the
world are smart people President Xi has
been pursuing a new narrative as has
President Putin that the liberal order
the West is failing and that the United
States is on a downward incline slide
and regrettably Donald Trump is playing
into that his whole policy is playing
into that he's not making America first
or stronger he's he's making it alone
and isolating us from our own allies
weakening the NATO alliance weakening
relationships with with critical friends
like Canada Mexico others so we're in a
much worse situation but those leaders
they read the anonymous op-ed they're
reading a tarantia they're going through
every single page of Woodward's book
right now they're chronicling every day
and they know how flattery gets you
somewhere without they know I mean
that's what Kim jong-un did right
psychological for a really glitzy fun
meeting in Singapore oh gee we don't
have a communique wow that's really
curious and they just they don't have
anything that came out of it so now
they're trying to figure out how do we
make the next step King jungle and
played rope-a-dope and just you know ran
circles around Donald Trump who liked
the flags he liked the meeting like
these tension but he didn't get any
precision whatsoever as to what
denuclearization is no idea where their
weapons are no process by which we're
going to learn that there's no structure
there there's no there they're the
leaders around the world see that so the
answer your question is I believe a new
president particularly if it's a
president who is expressing the the need
for u.s. leadership and the
strengthening of NATO and and and the
vitalization of UN and so forth it'll
happen so quickly it'll turn around in a
matter of months and I think you'll
you'll see people rejoice that the
United States is back in
addition to with negotiating in addition
to your negotiations with the Iranians
you spent a lot of time with Sergey
Lavrov the Russian Foreign Minister he's
this for people listening he's a slick
smooth operator in DC fancy suits you
know martini lunches um I'm just
wondering what it's like to console a
province and he's a whiskey guy it
whiskey guy sorry constantly uh
negotiate with someone like him who you
you know what they're doing you know
they're hacking our elections you know
they're lying to us about Syria they're
you know they're lying about Crimea but
you that's your guy that's your
interlocutor how do you manage a
relationship like that you do it I mean
it's not dissimilar from the politics of
Capitol Hill where Trump has to sit down
with Mitch McConnell who's declared that
is one goal in life is to make the
president one-term president I mean come
on you learn and it's a heart it's a
hard thing and it's it's not the most
glorious component of being in politics
but you learn how to compartmentalize
mm-hmm and we have to compartmentalize
in big ways because Crimea Ukraine
consistently remained a major problem in
our relationship and we were always
fighting to get the Minsk agreement
implemented we're always fighting to get
the little green men with no insignia
out of the country as they deny they
have them and so forth it's laughable in
a way I mean it's kind of it's kind of
sick and pathetic if you want to know
the truth that they say the things they
say I mean I had some non conversations
with Lavrov some days where we're
telling him what we know about the Assad
chemical weapons and he's sitting there
on the other end of the phone in a total
other universe it's just it's bizarre
but you have to get through it because
you have to look for the places where
you actually can find that they have an
interest in wanting to cooperate or
satisfy something so we actually I met
with Putin many times I always saw
Lavrov a lot and we got things done and
when we got the Iran nuclear agreement
done Russia was actually very helpful
they took on major responsibilities on
fuel and on the stockpile
and and Lavrov was actually helpful in
working the Iranians on certain issues
where he said you're not gonna have our
support on this you got to do this you
got to do that would they were
supportive on climate change they were
supportive on the Ross Sea becoming I
got Putin after 10 years of objections I
got him to lift his objection to making
the rossi and antarctica the largest
marine protected area in the world and
they were helpful on the airline
reductions of emissions and so you know
we found that they were helpful we would
not have gotten the 1,300 tons of
chemical weapons declared chemical
weapons out of Syria 3 and we knew
they'd have some that were undeclared
and we started to go after those almost
immediately afterwards but wouldn't we
wouldn't have gotten 1,300 tons out of
there without Russia telling us odd this
is happening it's gonna happen fast and
here's how it happens now
Assad lies to them - yeah and he hid
some weapons and so forth but but the
fact is that if we hadn't done that
when Isis ran across the way you know
the Islamic state ran across the country
yeah they would have had chemical
weapons yeah that was the horrible horn
and if they had chemical weapons you'd
have seen a whole different thing
happening in Paris subway or London or
wherever so it is fortuitous we got the
result we got what should the response
have been from a democratic president or
a normal Republican president to
Russia's interference in the 2016
election how do you balance the need to
obviously respond to such an attack but
also not go so far as to have you know
to have another sort of Cold War break
out you know well I think the president
actually managed that as as carefully
and effectively as you could under the
circumstances because I remember I I
don't know if the president knew sooner
but I don't think I learned about that
kind of interference until the early
summer you know very late spring early
summer of 2016 and then we had a series
of meetings in the White House
it became the intelligence community
laid it out very clearly to us and so
but but here's the problem
President Obama
knew this was important to get the
American people to understand so but he
went up to the he did what they had he
met with the leadership of the Congress
and he tried to get Mitch McConnell in
the leaders to buy into a unified
Republican Democrat everybody house
Senate White House all putting this out
to the American people and why was that
so critical because Trump was already
laying the seeds in the groundwork for
the notion that the election was bogus
he was constantly talking about his
rigged it's rigged it's rigged and if we
didn't have Republicans and and and
leadership joining in that statement
Americans would have said here comes a
game and Trump would have said it Trump
would have left all over it and said
you're China interrupts the election
you're making an excuse for why things
are screwed up and and so the president
knew he couldn't be the vehicle of doing
that so he turned to the Intel community
and and the Director of National
Intelligence the director of the CIA and
these guys went out and did put a
statement out very carefully crafted so
it wasn't political we couldn't scare
people and I remember when we were in
China at the g20 the before the
elections I think it was in August late
August
President Obama was extremely tough and
very direct and clear in a one-on-one
with the interpreter but the one-on-one
conversation with President Putin and
the WikiLeaks stuff was already out and
that continued a little bit we did not
see new attacks and new efforts after
that conversation took place so in fact
it had effect and then the minute the
reduction was over people from Russia
were kicked out of the country and
sanctions were raised things took place
so I think it was a very tough situation
where where the president was in a sense
trapped by not wanting to allow Donald
Trump as a candidate to politicize the
process yes um Republicans often take
political actions that they claim are in
the name of the troops president Trump's
favorite hobby is criticizing the
posture of NFL players during the
national
them but those voices are silent when he
attacks the Khan family a gold star
family for example you have dealt with
this yourself you've had all kinds of
dishonest attacks about your military
record
what should Democrats learn from your
experience from the Trump attacks about
how to fight back you got to answer that
you've got to answer it in every forum
where it is I may not the mistake I made
in in 2004 and it wasn't a it wasn't as
clear but we had a big fight in the
campaign there were a lot of people
saying look you've won the battle of
facts The Wall Street Journal the New
York Times Washington Post Los Angeles
Times every major paper in the country
has carried the facts and we've talked
to your crew they're all interviewed and
we know what happened the problem is
that they kept you could you could you
could completely destroy their lie you
could shed all the truth on it and the
next day they get up in the morning go
out and say the same thing and they'd
say it in a different audience or they
put him up on television ads and it was
the television ads that were the most
damaging I think and and our campaign
for a number of different reasons the
limits of money and so forth
didn't think that it was necessary to
have those two others and ads I thought
it was and you know I lost the battle of
my own campaign which is it frankly
there shouldn't have been about I should
have just stopped the campaign and said
this is what we're doing and I should
have done what Obama did with Reverend
Wright which is go out and explain the
war in Vietnam and the context of where
we were and what happened and and just
put it in a different place and but
you've got to answer TV with TV got to
do that so I was on your 2004 campaign I
was just a kid then
21 years old and I was I was there from
the beginning anybody listening needs to
know he's just two kids and that was
there from the beginning and I always
thought that you know at the beginning
of that campaign in the primary you had
such a good sense of who you were why
you were running why you were running at
that moment in time and you told the
story really
well I work for AdWords you kicked our
ass that's right
and then you know as the campaign went
on and we faced a lot of challenges and
then you got to the general and the
campaign gets bigger and there's more
advisers added and suddenly it's this
big race and you're going through it
seemed it sometimes like you know the
message got lost a little bit and that
sort of core story that's a fairy that's
a fairy just wondering if what you I
never knew what you thought about that I
think that you know people gave me a lot
of advice before I started running and
one of the things Bill Clinton and
different people said to me is look you
can't be your own campaign manager you
gotta trust the people you have with you
yeah and that was the tension because I
had friends of mine like Senator Bob
Kerry and my great pal Tom Vallely who
was when I was in the Marines and and
you know they understood it and and they
were saying you could do this and and we
couldn't get the lay folks so to speak
in terms of that too to see it but it I
take the blame it's my fault I mean I'm
the candidate I'm the guy who want to
make the cut I should have perhaps fired
somebody or done something but I didn't
and I live with that but it made me a
very different secretary of state made
me a very different candidate in
re-election in Massachusetts it made me
a very different senator I have never
faltered from one instance since and in
doing what I think is right and doing
what's in my gut and that's the
important way to do it that's why I
write this book every day is extra it's
about you know how you live how you
tackle things how you were in public
life a life of purpose what are you
doing and you got to be true to yourself
is that so is that the advice you would
give to a candidate running today like
what's the main piece of advice you'd
give to yes a presidential candidate
running well the first thing you know I
tell them you can't run for president
you can't run a 50-state campaign unless
