David Ignatius thank you for jumping on
the line I was hoping we could start
with last week's UN General Assembly
because while it was largely wiped out
of the headlines by the Cavanagh news
and by you know will he will will he
won't he debates about Trump firing rod
Rosen Stein
there were some interesting things that
went on up in New York that I would like
to touch on so the first was the Israeli
prime minister Bibi Netanyahu revealed
what he called a secret atomic warehouse
in Tehran that he said Iran used to
store equipment and material for its
nuclear weapons program that
announcement comes not long after the
Mossad who the Israeli intelligence
services smuggled you know for I think a
hundred thousand nuclear related
documents out of a different Iranian
facility back in February how big of a
deal was this this announcement from
Netanyahu at the General Assembly I
didn't think it broke all that much new
ground you have to wonder about Iranian
security in Tehran has really seem to be
able to make off with you know documents
yes there's like everything in sight the
basic point that Netanyahu has tried to
make that the Iranians were seeking to
build a nuclear weapon that that's now
well-established it goes the question of
the credibility of Iranian promises in
the jcpoa the nuclear deal that they're
gonna stop those activities but I didn't
I didn't see a sort of fundamental step
change in our perceptions of what a
wrong and was doing the the Iranian
Foreign Minister Javad Zarif called
Netanyahu's presentation quote an
arts-and-crafts show by a country that
he says needs to come clean about its
own nuclear program does he have a point
is there a bit of hypocrisy there how do
we how should we view this response well
Israel's nuclear weapons capability on
the one hand is something that Israel is
wanted the world to know about but as
always wanted to deny formally they've
liked to have it in this ambiguous state
but they've been many histories written
about how Israel built nuclear weapons
at Damona many
years ago and it has its own nuclear
arsenal so I think the you know it it
upsets the Iranians but this is
something that the Middle East has lived
with and now for four decades yeah I
just don't think there's any way in the
world that Iranian protests about this
are gonna change Israel's commitment
that wanting and and and feeling it
needs to have a nuclear deterrent yeah
well here's the hoping the Iranians
never get a nuclear weapon also at the
UN Trump's National Security Advisor
John Bolton gave this blistering speech
warning Iran that there will be hell to
pay if they cross us but it was
interesting to me that at the same time
there were all these rumors about maybe
a possible meeting between Trump and the
Iranian president mr. rouhani it seemed
like reading between the lines at
Trump's team was genuinely nervous that
he might try to meet with rouhani Trump
ultimately knocked down those rumors by
by tweets he said I have no plans to
meet with rouhani maybe someday in the
future I am sure he's an absolutely
lovely man was the end of the tweet what
did you make of all that are dropping
his team on the same page when it comes
to Iran so I don't think the Trump and
and John Bolton are pompeius a bit of a
mystery the Secretary of State but you'd
have to say Trump drop the hanky
as it were last week in New York in in
comments tweets and what I'm told he
said privately to other leaders team he
now has a model in his mind from North
Korea that if he is rude talks really
tough makes a credible threat to use
military force puts on tough economic
sanctions that in the end the other side
will be prepared to come into
negotiations that they had claimed
earlier they wouldn't and that he'll be
able to get the the great deal that
eluded as his predecessors he clearly
believes that's what's happened with
North Korea and I think looking at him
he's trying now to execute the same
thing with Iran I'm told that what he
says to diplomats from other key
countries is they'll there'll be a time
for negotiations with the
they'll come around they have no choice
but not yet they need to they need to
feel the squeeze more so we're gonna
have starting in November very tight
tough sanctions the the effort is gonna
be to cut Iran essentially off from the
international banking system by
withdrawing the Swift payments exchange
that allows the Iranian banks to fund
transactions that that really is gonna
hurt
yeah and I'm told by Europeans that
there's not likely to be any way to stop
that so we are gonna be looking starting
in November at a much tighter squeeze in
Iran and it's it's clear from Trump's
comments he thinks sooner rather than
later that that will bring them back to
the table I have to say I kind of like
hearing that I love ya I love the
thought of Trump being enamored with
negotiations because it feels like
otherwise there would be an awful lot of
momentum towards a regime change policy
with respect to Iran well Tommy don't so
the problem with this you know little
mechanism that Trump has created is that
it yet essentially is gonna create havoc
in the Iranian economy
the idea is to is to is to create severe
pressure that forces the regime to
negotiate with a country that had now
thoroughly mistrust after their
withdrawal from the jcpoa it's I think
as likely that the result of this policy
will be to create a failed state in Iran
you know a crumbling economy an angry
public a regime struggling to hold on
that becomes a more hardline not not
more not more liberal and you know you
have to ask given all we've been through
the last 15 years is another failed
state in the Middle East really
something that's in in the US national
interest maybe it will turn out the way
Trump wants that they'll vote they'll
feel the pressure feel the squeeze and
I'll say okay you know let's start a
negotiation we'll put on the table
things we haven't been prepared to
before to be honest that would be a that
would be a good outcome
who wouldn't be who didn't be happy to
see that but it's it's it's a course
that has all sorts of risks and it
assumes that I told how many who
just you know hates the idea of
compromise in America is gonna be
prepared to compromise with Donald Trump
because the pressure is so tough yeah
like the Iranian economy my hope is now
crushed but you're right I mean if
you're read on recent history is that
regime change always lead to a good
outcome I think you're reading the wrong
book no not another another collapsing
regime in the Middle East not going to
see that as you recently wrote a great
piece about North Korea and how we might
actually be starting to see a real deal
take shape
it could include North Korea dismantling
some test sites its main nuclear weapons
facility and young beyond all of that
would be conditioned on us the u.s.
taking some sort of reciprocal action
maybe getting us servicemembers out of
South Korea over some time frame I've
been pretty skeptical about the
Singapore summit actually accomplishing
anything and as recently as August John
Bolton was saying that North Korea had
not taken any necessary steps to
denuclearize but are you starting to see
more hopeful signs so in the immediate
aftermath of the Singapore summit there
was absolutely nothing specific and the
North Koreans just kind of played
rope-a-dope and Trump in his enthusiasm
post summit wash kept saying nice things
and I think people rightly said wait a
masters there's nothing here in terms of
substance then the administration began
to get a little tougher and a trip that
the Secretary of State Pompeii was gonna
make to Pyongyang was cancelled I'm sure
that private messages were passed there
were more more more serious and and over
time it appears the North Koreans began
to say okay yes we will allow
international inspectors to come in and
verify that we have just destroyed one
of our missile test sites they hadn't
done that before like inspectors then
they said we would be prepared if there
were reciprocal u.s. gestures to destroy
their major nuclear facility at young
beyond the truth that you mentioned a
moment ago that was also interesting
what reciprocal concessions are they
looking for it appears
is that what they want is a declaration
of the the end of the state of war
between the u.s. and North Korea and
North South Korea etc that is the track
that president moon of South Korea has
been pursuing his own bilateral
diplomacy with Kim jong-un including
this recent summit that they had and my
sense is that the u.s. the key
negotiator is Pompeo the Secretary of
State it has been prepared to go along
with that the precise shape of the way
the u.s. is gonna is gonna phrase this
you know in effect a confidence-building
declaration is it still isn't clear but
I think they're ready to offer something
and that's probably gonna be enough to
move the ball far enough down the road
but when they're when there's another
Trump Kim summit there'll be something
for them to sign well the good news is
that Trump recently told us that he and
Kim Jong that had fallen in love after
Kim oh great
he wrote him beautiful letters I was so
touching I read it's one of those funny
moments where if a Democrat said that
the Republican Party would spontaneously
combust impeach and invoke the 25th
amendment but just goofy but you know
you know in a weird way that you have
the feeling of this president it falls
in love with his own diplomacy in a
sense it's you know it's a narcissistic
love he loves the fact that he's making
this deal with Kendrick on but it was a
it was a bizarre comment totally Trump
in North Korea is he he seems to keep
falling uphill does he does and says
things do you think a lot that's the end
of it and then a couple months later
they're back on track yeah it's hard to
understand um you mentioned in South
Korea's and president and moon earlier I
mean if we're really scoring this thing
I mean how much credit do you think
president moon deserves for the ongoing
efforts to get to a peace process so I
think that in my book
Trump deserves credit for seizing the
opportunities that have arisen I know
I'm for diplomacy on North Korea and I
think following the president for for
agreeing to the Singapore summit on
other other steps is just a mistake but
the people who have been moving the ball
here really are the North and South
Korean leaders Kim and moon Kim at the
end of last year made very clear in some
speeches and government statements that
he felt they had successfully completed
their nuclear program they had tested
weapons and the missiles to deliver them
and they were now gonna pivot towards an
economic program in a sense leverages
their nuclear capability moon' initiated
his own fascinating bilateral diplomacy
centered around the Olympics inviting
the North Korea to be part of this
Winter Olympic event show and and it
ended up working out and I felt in that
period the US was sort of dragged along
with North South Korean diplomacy that
initially it wasn't all that comfortable
with remember when vice president pence
went to the Olympics and he seemed
really uncomfortable but in the end that
was the driver and and when the proposal
for a summit between Kim and Trump was
presented to the president he said yep
well you know the more I look into this
I keep hearing that Trump has been
sending messages pretty much since the
day he got into the Oval Office that he
was ready for a summit meeting with with
Kim that that he you know that all that
bluster talk was it was accompanied by
private messages that he was prepared to
sit down and meet with a North Korean
leader so I think this has been hatching
a long time but again the the the
decisive framers of these issues have
been the North and South Koreans and not
the u.s. US has been a receiver it's
it's it's it's welcome the diplomacy
it's now beginning to frame what the
agreement would actually look like but
it didn't initiate it yeah well let's
hope I hope sincerely that it works out
in the end and I do also give Trump
credit for bucking conventional wisdom
and being willing to take a chance on
diplomacy this is a key pot state of the
world moment in which Tommy Vietor says
something hey good about Donald Trump's
foreign policy you know I do
give you if you ran back the tape eight
years and asked Obama like what he was
she done a couple more times it would
probably be there's all every situation
room meeting has 15 people telling you
why you can't do something and just
telling them to get out of her face and
I'm gonna do it anyway would have been a
probably useful exercise every once in a
while you know I just would add one
thing Tommy from last week I think one
of the more outrageous things that went
all but unnoticed was when Donald Trump
said that if if Barack Obama had its
remaining president there would have
been a nuclear war yeah in the u.s.
North Korea because Obama was on the on
the edge of pulling the trigger I think
he actually said what Obama said to
Trump as we understand it is this is a
really serious problem I've really
struggled with us and you're it's gonna
it's gonna be the most important for a
foreign policy issue ahead for you for
Trump to translate that into the idea
that he saved America from the war that
Barack Obama would have started was
really you know even even by Trump's
tears pretty amazing yeah man you're
right I saw that I was like come on
you're just lying but what can you do um
well the other day another press
conference right that's right
eighty-one minutes last question for you
about the UN Trump gave this speech to
the UN General Assembly that included a
line about how he's accomplished more
than any other administration in history
history of our country and the assembled
diplomats literally laughed and when
asked about it later he said you know
they didn't laugh on me they laughed
with me my question is I mean it was one
of those moments where you just put your
head in your hands but do you think this
reflected any sort of sincere expression
of how countries may have changed their
opinions about the US or the just a
funny
maybe even silly moment with people not
a used to his bluster so as I've talked
to two foreign diplomats in the days
since Trump was at the UN I keep hearing
this the same thing which is that the
world is rear echelons rump is president
and that he has changed some of the
fundamentals of American foreign policy
I mean I think the reason there was that
that awkward laughter of the president's
boast was in a sense people know
how much he's changed but the see it as
a positive accomplishment for the u.s.
that so many of our alliances are now
more ragged than they were that we've
withdrawn for something from so many
global agreements that really most the
rest the world supports I think I think
that just made people laugh like what
are you talking about but I think I
think people probably will is now trying
to figure out okay we never thought this
could happen but it's happened and even
if Trump is defeated even if the midterm
elections go for the Democrats we have
to now reckon with the possibility that
could it could happen again that America
is a different place than what we
thought and that's what I see people
struggling to deal with I thought that
was behind some of the of the tension
that you saw last week in New York yeah
speaking of tension we have a ongoing
trade war and often war of words with
China over the weekend the Chinese
cancelled a high-level security talks
dialogue that included secretary mattis
the Secretary of Defense President Trump
has recently accused them of meddling in
our elections and apparently vice
president Pence is going to outline more
of the case for that argument in a
speech coming soon how bad do you think
tensions are with with China right now
pretty bad I think that the Trump as in
most aspects of his foreign policy wants
to destabilize his adversary the Chinese
and he's he's succeeding I think the
Chinese are really flummoxed there there
there the this trade war trade dispute
no increasing trade war has gone further
than they ever thought it would they
kept thinking that there'd be a kind of
compromise point and they kept putting
more on the table and it hasn't been
enough at the one point that reasonable
people should agree on is that China's
behavior in international trade has been
a problem for the United States and for
all of its trading partners and
every time I go to China your stories
from American and European companies
that are that are operating there that
the executives tell me we are sick of
having our intellectual property stolen
you know basically being in their view
mistreated in this market not given fair
access so the idea that it's time to
have different rules that are a little
fairer is is correct that's not just
Trump saying saying that but I think
almost any Western business person who's
done business in China it's probably
better to try to redress that the terms
of trade the rules for this game now as
opposed to ten years from now when China
will be even more powerful so I think
again reasonable people should say okay
I think the question is how much
crockery I was gonna say China it gets
broken along the way right in in doing
that and what's what's that what's the
damage to the global economy to living
standards in China in the US around the
world in that in that process and I
think that's that's the delicate issue
and you know if Trump plays true to form
he'll do the same thing he did with
Mexico and with Canada which is he'll
he'll take this as far as he thinks he
reasonably can go and then I'll cut a
deal yeah but you know maybe not maybe
maybe the Chinese won't won't give him
that opportunity that's that's the risk
right I mean it's interesting because
again I mean he just recently authorized
another round of tariffs on like 200
billion dollars worth of Chinese goods
and they're reportedly voices the White
House who think that the only way to
really stop China from doing the bad
things you just described is to really
make them feel economic pain but again
interestingly when when this fur trade
war was first suggested we were all
warned by the the same experts that it
would be a cataclysmic event for the US
economy but this dock market is still
through the roof the economy is humming
along I mean that is there a problem of
crying wolf or or you know are we just
sort of on the precipice of something
pretty bad here
well you know it could get much worse
the the I think the first thing I'd say
is that if you wanted to really go after
China and it changed the trading
relationship the stupidest thing you
could have done to start with was to get
rid of the trans-pacific partnership
which was the gathering of all the
nations but China in a trading group
that gave the u.s. strength in dealing
with it with a Chinese issue I think
that as I look back was just such a such
a fundamental mistake
