so I'm just a Marxist and I saw you
having conversations with people about
you know leftism and very [ __ ] like that
so I kind of wanted to just talk a bit
about capitalism in particular really
and like why why I think that's a bit
shitty so you down for that yeah I'm
down for that hit me up cool cool okay
so um yeah yeah let's just jump right
into it then so there there are a few I
think there are like two main avenues to
kind of go down and work explore both
but I think a really big one is
capitalism in regards to like personal
freedom and everything about that and
like free time and stuff and how it kind
of limits those those aspects so we
can't start off with that take my free
subject Laurie that's been really
quickly just like so we make sure we're
on the same page and all like
definitions of capitalism so just what
I'm working with but like those stripped
down fundamental level Marxists
generally tend to think these kind of
things there's like modes and production
like how we actually produce our goods
why we're producing them etcetera
etcetera so capitalism then in its most
simple form would be producing goods to
be exchanged for a profit is that fair
enough yeah cool cool okay so if we take
that then then we can say that you know
whenever people get together in society
to you know the workplace whatever to
try and make something the the purpose
of their production is already being
like predetermined to be the expansion
of capital and like to make profits and
stuff okay so that that's like yeah the
the primary driving factor in in why in
production and why we do that so if we
take a look at that
from the perspective of like the
individual worker that goes that then we
can kind of break it up into into two
sections right so first off the work is
working there because they need to get
their wage to you know cover their rent
and food and support their family and
stuff and the whole day that they're
working there they're producing goods
they're gonna get sold that's gonna make
money pay off the wages that the
employers given them and the wrong here
blah blah but there's a certain point
right WowWee
the work is already done enough labor
that day to like were effectively like
pay off their wages for that day and and
the raw materials and everything they've
like broken even so they've they've
sustained themselves right
but now capitalism is the one murder
production in history where that's not
where the working day yet right because
if you if you just went home after just
sustaining yourself or then you haven't
made any profit so you can't now invest
business and you'll be driven out by
people who are investing back into
business and expanding so now after
after that you've break-even and you've
made enough to sustain yourself you're
now producing what we call surplus value
alright and then you're just this is
just pure profit pushing that out and
and that's essentially you know your
working days being extended to as long
as like is reasonable possible like that
really it rolls around how strongly
labor movements and stuff are but really
just as long as you can get it to make a
enough as much money as possible to
expand as much as possible so it eats
into your actual like free time that you
have to do what heavier it is you want
to do of your life
so that that's like a pretty I guess
self-evident way in which capitalism is
very antithetical to like free time sure
so I follow you right up until you said
capitalism antithetical free time like I
mean like you can still work like a
lower amount of hours and socialism with
you know I'm something yeah I mean like
you you can still have like Aria and
also we can talk about everything you
can still have like free time in a
capitalist system and you could still
have no time in a socialist system I
mean like well I mean I don't obviously
disagree with having no free time in a
socialist system but we won't delve into
that well but you can admit that it's
possible than in a socialist system you
wouldn't have any free time if you
stopped it really it really depends like
how we're defining such as myself but
that's like a whole lot of thing okay
and any non utopian on a fantastical
version where people work to our post
implementation socials and people who
still work out yeah well it's not it's
not it yeah I'm just saying it like in
in capitalism like you can spend all
your time working
you could also not spend all your time
working as well right like if you work
like I know I think like 40 hours a week
is probably okay if you're able to
sustain yourself off of that it's eight
hours a day Monday through Friday like
it's probably like an okay amount of
work if we can do less that'd be great
but um well no because you're missing my
point right so I like yeah you can't
just work less but if you only work as
much as you you know need to sustain
yourself then you're gonna be out
competed by those who aren't just
sustaining themselves but also expanding
so you are losing a potential arge
amount of potential free time just to
stay competitive in the in the workforce
in the specific amount that you're
working I mean you know when industrial
capitals are first took off ridiculous
hours like you know twelve and a minimum
and it's only because of like centuries
of Labor wait wait wait wait wait wait
what do you mean if you work less you're
less competitive there are people that
are scheduled for like thirty four hours
or 24 hours or what do you mean well I
mean if we're talking about like you
know factories competing in a market
producing goods all right if now let's
assume that they're at the same
productivity's they're not like
producing way more in in a short amount
of time so if they if one of these
factories is only working to sustain
itself is like paying off its raw
materials paying everybody's means its
assistance then the other factories can
just work that additional amount reduce
more goods sell those goods off get
money and and then they're able to
expand to start undercutting this this
original Factory and drive it out of the
market will together so now this
original factory doesn't even none of
those people we don't have jobs at all
so they're not sustaining themselves oh
sure in that sense
sure yeah yes yeah yeah so so again it's
it's a way that like this is the first
time in human history where we no longer
just need to worry about getting food
for ourselves and our family it's now
we're you know playing this social game
with other people which again eats up
into our free time and in a very large
way so I don't like the way these are
connected because you say eats into our
free time in a very large way like
slavery and serfdom probably didn't give
you like a [ __ ] ton of free time to do
like what you would want to or to pursue
interests you'd want to it's interesting
you bring that up I mean slavery yeah
that's you know if you are a slave then
you're treated as a tool that's
different but if you think about
feudalism actually now no not a
proponent of feudalism
really cuz it sounds like we're about to
say well in feudalism they actually had
a lot more free time but to do what I
was going to say though is that yeah
well obviously you know they didn't have
technologies but at what they did have
is they only worked to sustain
themselves and then built into that
obviously they worked to pay off the
taxes that of their Lords but
essentially as long as they were fed as
long as their Lords were fed that was it
they were done and this still took a
very long amount of time because it was
very over you know very long ago not
much technology so farming did take
awhile but nonetheless it wasn't a
matter of once everybody's being fed
you're still working more anyway but
after that point you're done not that
okay I'm gonna concede immediately I
might be a total [ __ ] [ __ ]
but like under feudalism weren't you
essentially like like a placate not like
a slave but kind of weren't you for like
whatever royal family or whatever like
noble family you worked for like you had
to live there to work there so weren't
they saw anything like the surplus [ __ ]
off of your labor except they just used
to defeat their family and [ __ ] the same
way that a capitalist would but for
profit yeah totally but then a built
into capitalism as well as then this
element of expansion and you didn't have
that in feudalism is what I'm saying so
that yeah the capitalist needs to be
sustained as well the Lord needs to be
sustained as well that's all built in
but that's still that like if you want
to call it quota that once you hit
you're done and that's what how it works
under feudalism
okay so capitalism is bad because it
drives to expand itself which leads
people to working more well I mean I'd
be paquius about saying it's bad because
Marx is sent to take on a more less more
realistic approach I I think that you
know the wonders of capitalism have have
been brilliant because because of this
mass expansion that that it drives you
know their forces everybody to do really
we now have a large abundance of a lot
of resources that you know we would
never have been be able to dream of in
feudalism it's just the Marx's position
then is there's a certain point where
capitalism has then played its part it's
done this expansion to the point where
we have enough like technological
progress where you have enough resources
where now we no longer need this kind of
social structure pushing us onwards at
all points in
so that's that's the kind of a that I
think that's like a very basic point
about how capitalism yeah it's pushing
us to work more than we would otherwise
have to okay but like it seems like if
we accept this premise that like well we
shouldn't have to work this much just to
remain competitive over people like the
only way to realistically implement this
is in one of two ways either one you
have to shut down like our entire trade
system because otherwise other countries
will out-compete us or two you would
mean like literally a global socialist
movement for everybody can agree to not
like out-compete one another so that
it's not like a race to this capitalist
bottom or whatever yeah well I mean you
know you are touching on some
interesting points there that obviously
hasn't read about this global thing you
can't have kind of half socialism
capitalism it's got to be like
constructed in such a way that taking
your products to a market to sell them
wouldn't even make sense in the first
place but yes like how do we get what is
the way that we move towards a global
socialist movement that is the million
dollar question but it is it's not
something that I don't think there's one
definitive answer that you give I think
it's very contextual and the reason that
is is now I was hoping to get into this
from a different angle that I'll
hopefully be able to come back to but
essentially here the crash is built into
capitalism like fundamentally and I can
explain why and I would actually really
like to explain that as well that's the
kind of second point I was gonna make
but if we just deal with that for a
moment so yeah that's built went to
capitalism so every you know it's
roughly ten years isn't it master have
an economic crash this obviously causes
a detriment in material conditions for
everybody and as we see even right now
yeah you have people being pushed to
further extremes on both the right and
left because they become more
unsatisfied with the society in which
they live and you know that that causes
tensions the system further breaks down
eventually you get these these like what
are called like revolutionary periods
where you have the potential for people
to rise up completely overthrow the
system
and either you know that can't ever
happen from the perspective of progress
where we can then try to build on
capitalism to kind of
have all these lovely resources without
having to continually fulfill this this
quota of expansion or you can have it
from the other perspective or like a
brutalist fascist dictatorship which
wants to shut you know what essentially
save capitalism from this idea of
progress so the the question of how then
you actually get to socialism it's again
it you can't really say like off the bat
for any given time because it's very
dependent on the the context under which
these economic crashes and then
extremist movements are being brought up
in so it really is you have to look at
the the conditions you're given and if
there is a you know as if there is an
opportunity for a genuine socialist
movement to take control and on a
roughly global scale as well then that's
perfect obviously a lot of times in
history there hasn't and you've got
fascism instead has this ever happen in
it so like you're talking about like
this would have to be like a literal
like a totalitarian esque or like
authoritarian desk like socialist
takeover because not only would you need
to have a socialist takeover in one
country you would have to force through
threat of violence like socialism on to
these other countries as well otherwise
they would just become capitalists and
grow incredibly wealthy how competing
all the other people in the global
economy right yeah well I mean you know
it's just the same way that liberalism
came about the support Aryan revolution
that overthrew the monarchy I mean what
I mean this is like super fantastical
like what am I supposed to say I mean
like if we could do it it's great wait
your taste you're saying that we need
like a violent global socialist
revolution where everybody man you guys
I can't even get along with each other
on like Facebook like oh you get alike
coordinate and not to mention the fact
that you left these like riq saying you
love these like lefties like kill
themselves like as soon as they get into
power anyway where they start purging
like other leftist groups how could they
possibly enforce it like a global scale
you know I mean this is really delving
at the territory I wasn't pretty hoping
to okay show you we can back up but just
I will say the whole purging thing and
the whole all of that I mean that you
only actually see that in like Stalin's
and stuff like that there are countless
of a revolutionary examples where you
don't get those kind of things because
they're different contexts they're
different people and okay but like and
I'm
history in China was way weaker but it
wasn't like the the Cultural Revolution
and [ __ ] in the People's Republic of
China like didn't that have like some
time it was a mess
Charlie okay so like are the largest
examples of this like socialist idea
working like I don't really care much
about like the four years that Catalonia
was social it's like I don't know if I
can like extrapolate that to a larger
global so yeah I'm not saying you should
write and I'm not saying that's like the
the example we should draw from but what
I am saying is that it does it does kind
of show that it's not an inherent part
of socialism or anything and it
definitely can't be an inherent part of
revolution because again the liberalism
that we live under today came about
through this exact same way so you'd
have to show somehow why it's communism
that's special that gets this but
personally again when I think we've seen
examples where that hasn't happened even
if they were small and short-lived I
think that does kind of go against this
idea that it's inherently built into a
communist revolution but but again this
is this is like way way off so okay yeah
I like to let's go back to talking about
capitalism because I mean you know you
say you're a man that's interested in
impractical things right so this is why
if all this might be more interesting to
you because we're talking about the the
you know the real world and [ __ ] so ok
so so we've kind of covered one way in
which you know capitalism eats interpret
our free time is making us work more
than we know it necessarily neetu and I
think a very interesting but initially
counterintuitive way that it does this
as well is actually through
technological advancement in progress
right because you know everybody always
thinks from when we get new technology
sorry that we're gonna um it's gonna
make our life so much easier we're gonna
have to work less it's gonna be great
but what we actually see in history is
almost the opposite of that is true it
makes some people's lives worse because
they get unemployed and it makes the
remaining people working it actually
means they're expected to have a much
greater output than they were before the
technological advancement and again I
know this seems to counterintuitive
well it seems counterintuitive because
we're only analyzing one side of this
transaction like it also provides like a
materially huge benefit to the consumers
of said goods that are produced by sales
does it very much does yeah and that's
great and I'm gonna yeah so if you allow
me to set up a scenario okay you go for
the process is oh no that let's go upon
ceman yeah this goes overrule it
so okay so yeah imagine you go like a
handful of businesses businesses like
all producing the same thing and selling
in the same market right I'll say
they're producing widgets so in the
widget market you know it's roughly
being brought down to a pretty stable
price everybody's selling roughly the
same costs to the point that if they
start undercutting each other they're
gonna be eating into their profits too
much to be sustainable and stuff right
so now imagine then that one of these
companies gets their hands on this new
on this new widget making machine and
now suddenly they can make widgets at
twice the speed of everybody else and
then you know widgets are effectively
half the price and it's great so what
happens there then is now now this
company can start selling widgets much
much cheaper because they can make them
much much faster but think about what
they're going to be doing at first
they're not gonna just instantly you
know go to the lowest point that they
can now go they're gonna start
undercutting the existing stable cost
just enough to start stealing people's
businesses and and then make loads and
loads of profit in the in the process
but like with any technological
advancement eventually it does become
generalized to the whole industry so now
everybody has this brilliant widget
making machine and they will start you
know undercutting each other more and
more until they reach again a new point
where if they start undercutting anymore
they'll be hurting those profits too
much to be sustainable so now now the
end result of this is yeah like you were
saying this is great for the consumer
because now widgets are half the price
that that's brilliant but what do you
have to look at is well now a single
widget is here half the price of what it
originally was so if we look at this
from the perspective of the producer now
they need to be selling two widgets to
make the same amount they were before
with just one widget they need to like
double their the amount that they're
selling in order to just sustain
themselves all right this is what we
generally call the rate of profit to
fall the rate that you're actually
making on each individual widgets all
and so you need to sell a greater volume
to just keep up that's maybe even more
because now you spent a bunch of money
on machines and stuff okay so the
essentially then so these workers with
these new machines yeah they need to be
producing double the amount to two
keep up with things so already we're
seeing an example of where you know when
when capitalism when technological
advancement comes under capitalism it
doesn't reduce the amount of time we
have to work it's not necessarily that
we have to sell that's not necessarily
true
one of the reasons why it doubles the
amount that you have to sell is because
your worker your workforce becomes more
efficient as well so like producing like
ten like even if we say ten time or will
be simple producing two times as many
widgets might still be an easier job
than producing one times as many before
or you would expect that the effort put
into producing X number of widgets or
whatever the increased amount of widgets
is is going to be about equal to the
time spent to produce a single widget
before right but you're able to do it
more now because you have more efficient
capital that allows you to do that it's
not like somebody is literally spending
twice the effort that to do something to
produce twice as the amount of widgets
right the well are the same okay yeah
well I'm not sure about effort yeah okay
sure
but like it's it's not like it's not
like this person has to work more to
produce more widgets they're just
working the same right yeah exactly but
okay here's the thing we've had this
this hot like this this machine that
half the time it takes to make widgets
but we're still working the exact same
amount doesn't that seem absurd no it
seems good well no because then the
consumer wouldn't see a reduction in the
cost of widgets if you just have like if
you kept like all your costs the same or
whatever and now you can make the
widgets twice as fast but the factory is
only on for half the time well then
you're still paying the same price as a
consumer at the end of the day for it
well yeah but this this this this gets
into the the fact of like having me
having to buy these things that's all
just to keep up with the just the
sustain yeah but there are other now
that's at that point know themselves as
being off so it could very well be hard
but it could be but there are other
detrimental effects that could happen as
a result of this for instance let's say
that somebody could create wedge it's
okay but they can't actually make these
wages if widgets weren't like under a
certain price right maybe the idea that
factories are creating so many widgets
no these widgets become so affordable to
consumers if this person can now buy it
and they can open their own factory
producing latches that need like a large
number of widgets in order to work well
now you've like created parallel
industries right this is like
specialization of Labor and everything
that increases when we when we make our
labor more efficient and when we have
different people producing different
things like so theoretically you could
be creating more jobs this way or
creating other beneficial parts to the
economy as well right like
yeah I mean I don't see why you couldn't
but that doesn't you know III don't see
how that negates my point what is is the
is your point ultimately you're just
saying like people shouldn't have to
work because the economy's become more
efficient or yeah because then you're
because in your society suck [ __ ] when
you have free time to do whatever you
want I don't want free time if I have no
computers and no cell phones no cool
instruments no dude I'm not saying we're
not we're gonna have technically we
wouldn't already want no listen if we
someone wants to make watch its thence
then you know people are gonna get
together to me no they won't
it's not gonna be that it's not gonna be
possible to do so because it because all
the widget makers aren't gonna be
producing widgets at the reduced cost
but now that well they would be because
these machines exist but now there's no
no way no no they wouldn't be wait wait
hold on but we have to understand that's
fundamentally they would not be right
because for a given supply there is
going to be a price set based on the
quantity demanded right if the supply
never increases and it remains the
static throughout the market because
you're reducing your working hours
because you have more efficient machines
than the supply of widgets is going to
remain the same in the price we wouldn't
expect to see that price decrease or
increase at all I would stay the same so
no if somebody wanted to make wide set
of widgets they wouldn't be able to
because the widget price would remain
roughly static because you're cutting
your hours and responds to you being
more productive with your labor no but
you're missing the point here because
what I'm saying is that the the time it
actually makes with this in this
isolated example has been half now if
there suddenly becomes an additional
need for these things then yeah you can
put in the time to make more but now
you're just the level of sustainability
is just being raised but that's the
point of capitalism there's always like
a further now for some no no because the
point of capitalism is to go way further
than the point sustainability and this
actually comes back into the point I was
talking about maybe my sustainability
I'm sorry making the amount that we
actually need yeah but if you make more
things you can do more [ __ ] with it yeah
so if somebody but you don't just make a
bunch of [ __ ] and then go okay what do I
want to do with this now that I've made
it you go I want to make this I need
this much [ __ ] and now there's a need
for that that's what I'm saying
well okay this is really vague okay let
me try to say this so in a capitalist
market you would expect capital flow to
the areas of the market where profit can
be made right that's generally how
capital works right capital flows to
parts of the market where money can be
made so if you can print if your widget
production is
efficient right you can probably have a
smaller margin on the profits that you
make on said widget so you can produce
more such that your profits remain at
some level right so you can produce way
more widgets people will buy them maybe
they reduce cost but because you're
producing so much more and your costs
are decreased because your labor so much
more efficient you continue to produce
more right it's like even if your
factory worked making a hundred widgets
it could still work making ten thousand
widgets right
did you know you don't mean like perhaps
my cabbages why would you because then
you can do more cool [ __ ] of society
yeah like the problem is that like what
so like here's my problem my problem is
that you want to stop this it sounds
like you want to stop this right now
because you're happy with what we have
in society right now but with this okay
because it sounds like if I would apply
this type of thinking 200 years ago we
wouldn't have a microprocessor nobody
would have ever like created more things
nobody would have ever like we would
have we would be working like 30 minutes
a day because like because capital
become so efficient right because like
we had looms that would help you like
sew things instead of having people do
everything by hand that people would
just completely stop working and then we
never would have advanced to the society
that we have today because oh well we've
got enough [ __ ] now like why would we
need to make this thing cheaper or make
these goods more affordable to other you
know sectors of the economy where
consumers again where capitalism it has
its job of industrializing society but
once we are industrialized you know
that's it and I'm not saying once were
industrialized we stop having
technological advancement not at all
what I am saying though is that we no
longer need to go that extra step to
fulfill the needs of calves or to expel
to fulfill expansion is what I'm saying
right and and again coming back to this
point of expansion when we go back to
you know you've half the amount of time
to make widgets now you need to sell
double the amount just to make the same
amount well this there's this problem
here right because technological process
it keeps happening over time and this
gets keeps getting employed in
production so every time this happens
the rate of profit Falls and Falls and
Falls and by the way a quick side point
I want to say the falling rate of profit
has been empirically proven this isn't
just theory this is like this is a I can
lean you a study if you like what do you
mean is all and rate of profit the rate
of profit that you're making on average
in for goods that sounds good
that sounds like capitalism working
right no because here's the thing
because like I've said once the rate of
profit Falls
again it's great for the consumer but
once at the rate of profit Falls then
you need to sell more and more and more
but if there's no supply to take that
then you have a crisis of overproduction
you have too many people archived all on
hole that we got oh [ __ ] we would have
to go back and like do this like so I'm
sorry my understanding is that if there
is very high profit in an industry
there's a market failure there you never
want like capital in a society should
always flow to the places where there is
an excess of profit until that excess
disappears if there is some company that
is highly profitable you would expect
other companies to step in and compete
against them and you'd expect to see
that profit fall right you you never
there should never be some part of an in
of an industry that is highly profitable
because other company should step in
profits should be reduced until the
company is making the minimum so that
consumers are getting [ __ ] on prices
like that that's what it that's not what
I'm talking about yeah ok I don't
understand that I guess I'm getting
confused on what you mean by profits are
falling the rates of profit we need it
the amount that you're actually making
that on each individual widget is
decreasing oh okay yeah okay and why
does that matter is the problem here's
the problem so when when that keeps
falling and falling and falling you need
to sell more and more and more to
compensate that fact and and your you
know and your you you have to think of
all these tricks like advertising and
plan opalescence and things like that to
get people to buy more things than they
otherwise would that only works for
certain amout of time eventually people
only need a certain amount of widgets
especially if you don't like the debt
from companies competing against each
other making these widgets so when
people stopped needing widgets they
stopped buying widgets the economy
crashes because you have people
continually expanding continually trying
to push out more every time the state
nautical amounts mundane aims to need
now needs but this wouldn't most be like
a flash crash there would be some like
line where it's like okay well if we
produce widgets past a certain point
people are no longer purchasing them so
then we scale back production well
that's what's happened in pretty much
almost all economic crashes you know
Great Depression is a great example like
it was a crisis of our adoption you have
this massive economic boom like uncaused
an example you know people only needed
so many cars but as soon as people
stopped buying cars the economy crashed
I need to read more but I don't I don't
think that characterization is correct
that it was literally your tongue so
you're saying that the Great Depression
was like cause to just by overproduction
I'm not saying it's that simple but it
is like a very important factor and the
point is is that this relationship is
built into capitalism because no matter
what you do whenever this technological
process progress people are going to use
that to try and make more profits known
to cut their competition so this this
relationship is always going to take
place so then why am only had multiple
great oppressions well we have we have
had multiple economic crashes haven't we
yeah but I don't think that like the
dot-com boom was like comparable to the
Great Depression all saying they rule
like yeah is that same way but I'm not
I'm also not saying that they're all the
Great Depression sure but I don't think
that I don't think anything's all Heron
T horrible about like a boom bust cycle
like sometimes the economists don't know
I mean when when you have these terrible
busts you people can't eat you have
radicalization of people with okay I'm
not trying to D to downplay like some of
the Proms Ivy's in the United States but
I don't think that the dot-com bubble
had like about tens of thousands of
people starving on the streets like some
people lost their jobs some people watch
their houses it was sad but like this
scale must at some point be reached it's
a very like it's a very intricate system
of like you know what the magnitude just
to which it happens and why it happens
but the point is that that it always
does happen and that it always does
produce those conditions for people to
to be radicalized and then try and
topple the system or be it to the far
right or the far left and this is this
is again this is built into capitalism
because it's a pretty simple explanation
I think of what I've laid out like there
isn't anything abnormal about this
competition with these companies making
widgets that I've explained so this this
this is something that you cannot get
around in in a capitalist system okay
and then what's the alternative that you
propose well I'm proposing that when
these these crack these inevitable
crashes do happen that we lean towards
the side of socialism rather than the
side of fascism what is then well first
of all nothing that we're talking about
so far has anything to do with fascism I
don't know where that doesn't not
because like I've said economic crashes
radicalization this is where fascism
comes from
where that's like it way off tangental
point I don't think it's another it's
another point but like you you wanted to
clarify do you think we bit more or less
fascist after the Great Depression after
the Great Depression there were more
fascists but as a whole has the country
become more fascists over time or less
fascist no I'm not saying I'm not
talking about the the government itself
I'm talking about radicalization of
individuals that form political
movements which threaten the government
itself because you know every revolution
happens after some kind of catastrophe
sure but like these catastrophes aren't
necessarily tied to economic systems it
like right like no no always sometimes
it's like the first world war and things
like that for sure
or like geopolitical instability or
whatever or yeah but here's the thing
this a type of crisis is built into
capitalism so capitalism is always at
some point producing the conditions for
its own downfall that's what I'm saying
there may be other external factors
which which you know and can also do it
but what I'm saying is it's also an
inherent trait of capitalist so it's
always going to be have this unstable
element its self-defeating in that way
because what's great about this sure I
understand this is a Marx talked about
the inherent contradiction of cattle so
I understand right this is why
inevitably fail this is also I just want
to say this is also like capital other
perfect conditions this is when it
naturally trends towards if left on
feathers like this is just share of
course but that's why nobody has a
completely unfettered capitalist system
nowhere in the world or at least as I
understand it you can't regulate this
out unless you want to stop ok well then
what's the alternative because every
socialist system is miserably [ __ ]
failed like in a much quicker amount of
time than like the capitalist is we have
right now I'm just trying to prove that
capitalism is inherently unstable when
is inherently self-defeating that's what
I'm trying to say and I'm also trying to
say that it is a detriment to our
freedom and time so that yeah what I'm
saying is that this period of which it's
done it served its purpose ok has passed
and now it's pretty much just detriment
we don't need to live with any of the
segments anymore so what I'm saying is
that the alternative it is simply
stripping away these these social
structures of capital which prevent us
from enjoying you know because from a
crisis of reproduction like
overproduction should be a brilliant
thing that shouldn't be something that
crashes our economy
but it is a technological advancement an
automation should be a brilliant thing
wait why would all why chef
overproduction be a good thing it's an
inefficient allocation of resources why
should we like that well I'm obviously
I'm not talking about from efficiency
I'm saying if you compare that to
feudalism where people would starve in
the winter because they didn't have
enough food it's a lot lot better having
wages necessarily true though I'm not
trying to nitpick but like maybe over
production of food destroys land so them
in the future we all end up starving to
death because you can't just pick and
choose like oh well production or it
actually can be really bad to like I
mean it really depends that's not a I'm
not saying we should just intentionally
over produce dude all I'm saying is that
the point that we it can be a problem in
like not even from external factors from
just from our economy it can be a
problem that we have too much of
something is absurd in itself but I
haven't I guess my challenging idea
forces we have these very powerful
productive forces and we can't even push
them to their capabilities because it
would crash our economy regardless of
what we actually but I don't think
that's I don't think that's bad I don't
think that overproduction is necessarily
a good thing that just seems I don't
think that's works I think maybe we
could find some areas where
overproduction might be a good thing
like but but no I think that like
depending on how you allocate resources
overprotect should be a really bad thing
if we built a trillion houses and cut
down a million forests and polluted the
[ __ ] out of everything or destroyed
ecosystems or if we produce like a
million clothes or whatever in Rhianna
we ran out of like cotton or other fiber
for other things like I don't think
that's I don't think that overproduction
is ever i wouldnt think i would ever say
or let somebody said overproduction
should be a good thing i just seems like
a really weird statement to make I
really feel like I'm missing my point I
wasn't trying to say overproduction is a
good thing I thought you okay I'm sorry
cuz I thought I'd specifically heard you
say overproduction should be a good
thing I'm saying it should be a good
thing that we have the the capabilities
to have massive resource abundance that
everybody should be feds
without question that there should be
shelter for everybody and things like
that that's what I'm saying okay have
that we have the possibility to do that
but it doesn't it doesn't work within
our capitalist oh yeah but the problem
is that like we have the possibility to
do that with the way that our economy is
organized right now I don't know if we
have the possibility to do that if we
have a system where everybody gets
everything for free and everything is
like allocated by the government or some
central planning system I know you don't
necessarily advocating for these I don't
know where you fall on this but like
under the cap
the system right now it seems like we
produce enough where we could
theoretically feed everybody in-house
everybody I agree with that but that
doesn't mean that we just need to leave
capitalism and all the production will
stand as is because I don't know if that
production would still be organized in a
way that can do such without like profit
incentives being there or without
individual actors in a market making
money or whatever like I don't know if
that's true or not it doesn't seem to be
it doesn't seem like any other country
has centrally planned to their way out
of like every basic human need but I
mean yeah what I'm just saying is that
you can't just give people their their
food and and rent they have to be they
have to work for it they have to have
the threat of salvation so that they can
go to work and you know expand capital
for their employer that that's you know
that's inherent to capitalism sure I'm
saying that shouldn't be the case idea
what's the alternative is
hold on I'm saying we have enough
resources that people don't need to work
to sustain themselves yeah but that's if
you wanna go was but that's it we're
gonna pause what we have in society
right now and like reduce a lot of the
technological innovation that we can
have where the types of consumers goods
we could have now is to just say like oh
this is this is what I said earlier when
you disagree with it but I don't
understand why when I said it sounds
like you just want to pause like where
we're at technologically and society
let's just stop here
let's stop working we're good with our
current level of achievement if you
would have thought we produced the
automobile we would never be driving
cars so whenever there's a tent when
there's a certain logical bondsman
which generally does happen like
irregardless of capitalism right it's a
some degree in the academic sphere this
is done because scientists like to do
science and and they come up with these
ideas and whatever but but if the point
is is that from the communist
perspective whenever a new machine in
production is made it should be oh now
we don't have to work as much to get the
same amount that we need so yes which is
like pausing society not what happens no
yes alright if society needs more than
they can make more but if they don't
need more than they don't make more
you're saying that in order to have
progress society needs to continually be
over producing continually expanding in
order to have any type of technological
process at all but they're two separate
things I don't think so if you if you
have the ability if you have the ability
to produce something more efficiently
than you want your labor to be allocated
in two different sectors right so for
instance under NAFTA we exported a lot
of our manufacturing to Mexico but this
mean that manufacturing disappeared in
the United States and allowed some
people to further specialize in other
industries in your world it seems like
if we're able to manufacture something
more efficiently oh well then those
manufacturers just stopped working but
we don't want them to stop working we
want them to specialize and work in
something else this is where a lot of
our advancement comes from I'm not
saying I'm not saying these people are
just gonna go home and play [ __ ]
video games
well B so then what do we disagree then
you want them to continue working I'm
saying that whoa specifically like work
on the communism stuff the way we even
view work to begin with [ __ ] should be
changed I think it should be you should
do something because it's what you want
to do essentially it's fulfilling to you
and this is all like distinction between
having to be employed working for
somebody else
working to expand capsule what if people
don't want to be like chemical engineers
or some of these more boring or like
pharmacologists or whatever these jobs
that like society needs how do you how
do you fill out every single job if
you're not doing it with a market that's
that's not really something that I feel
it could really be a problem it's that's
not how things work come on this wait
wait this is [ __ ] dude come on you
think that every single job that we need
filled in society everybody would just
magically sort themselves into the exact
way that we need labor allocated
magically dude obviously obviously
there's gonna be some kind of planning
that happens I'm not saying central
styling this planning or some [ __ ] but
I'm also not trying to specify
specifically what it is because it ain't
really my hold on it's not really my job
to say specifically what a future
society may or may not want to do this
is such a weaselly defense hold on okay
so I'm asking you know because here's
the thing when peasants started
overthrowing the the feudal lords and
stuff did they have a grand plan of how
capitalism was gonna work no they didn't
even have the word [ __ ] capitalism
they yeah but these guys weren't sitting
in their college classrooms at 24 like
with the luxury of thinking up whatever
economic system they want you should be
able to answer like this dude okay well
like that's the point that's what you
that's why you seems to be misunderstood
on you're trying to pin me down I'm not
trying to pin you down on anything I'm
asking you an incredibly fundamental
basic super ultra simple question that
you should easily in an instant you
should have an answer to this for me
very easy to propose if I was trying to
propose a grand utopian society I'm not
asking for
literally just asking like how do you
decide who works what jobs that is a
Quinn credibly easy question if you
haven't thought of that I don't know why
you would ever talk to anybody about any
of your ideas like if you don't even
answer that well I don't know how people
would do their jobs like that's like a
pretty important part of what you're
proposing you're coming at this from the
completely wrong angle dude wait what is
the angle I'm supposed to come at it
from it's more viewing just capitalism
is as a progression of history that
eventually are should hopefully progress
into socialism and the specifics of what
people or we can really say about
socialism fundamentally right is that it
doesn't have a lot of these aspects of
capitalism where you're producing for an
employer where you have money and
markets and that's how things are done
the most basic things you can say is
that like it's worker run means means of
production so the people who are
actually working there themselves are
gonna decide how things are run the
society itself decide how things run
maybe you want to say oh I think it
would be more likely that people would
go with planning and that's how you
would allocate labor whatever that's not
like that's not my interest it's not
what I care about what I care about is
analyzing how capitalism works analyzing
how its inherently self-defeating and
analyzing what it must then inherently
follow for two because this event just
from these like most fundamental
fundamental basic definitions I mean the
one I gave from capitalism earlier right
about how it's just producing things to
be sold can we then from there speculate
about all the possible differences you
know because the US and Saudi Arabia are
above capitalism but are they in any way
the same Society no we can't we can't
theorize how things like that are gonna
pan out it's gonna be radically
different from context context place
okay that's fine but I'm gonna sit here
and I'm gonna defend capitalism for the
death before switching to some system
where we have no idea about how any part
of society what any idea how anything is
gonna be but that's not true even from
the knew even from the moment of
feudalism came about no that's not true
capitulate wasn't like one night like
all over the world people flip the
switch and just became capitalists there
were tons of market structures that
evolve over time were some of the
[ __ ] workers on some of the serf
domes or whatever would go out and they
would sell their crops to other people
you saw these smaller markets that would
pop up in different areas that were
tried and true and then even sure that
grow to a larger thing this is not true
that feudalism overnight just magically
became capitalism out of thin air like
these ideas were tried and tested over
time and sometimes the
grew into like larger systems and then
people started to go with it much this
like and we've tried it with socialism
but every single time that's been tried
it's miserably [ __ ] failed now
whether that's because central planning
doesn't work or because capitalist
countries are too competitive and
imperial lies and [ __ ] Lee's countries
over for whatever reason but like no I
disagree with this characterization that
capitalism popped into thin air like the
Big Bang and just took over the whole
world I don't think that happened that's
not what I was trying to say though ok
it sounded like you said that capitalism
that's how capitalism came about that
had just popped into nothing and nobody
had any homework what I was saying is
that there wasn't a grand plan from from
the people involved in abolishing sure
there wasn't a great there wasn't a
grand plan initially but there were
incremental steps taken towards it worth
it would be the same thing like a very
similar thing yeah but when I asked
earlier about not gonna overnight exists
with socialism but but the people the
people who then carry out these
revolutions or whatever maybe it won't
be revolution I'm not necessarily I mean
personally but it sounds like it is you
told me that for this to work there
literally has to be a global
authoritarian socialist revolution every
other country has to be forced to act on
a socialist manner but that's yeah
you're right so there's that that's a
different topic about how the
possibilities of achieving socialism
there are different people like gee Jack
for example if you know him you know he
doesn't he's very much a Marxist but he
doesn't necessarily think that it maybe
revolution is required or even possible
so he personally I think it probably
would be required and possible but if
it's not then great and it can be a more
gradual process like that but really
there's no way to tell until it happens
but but the point is is that again even
with the violent revolution where things
are overthrown overnight that's still
not then everyone gonna wake up and it's
going to be socialism instantly you're
gonna have these transitionary periods
of people literally just biggering [ __ ]
out and like the most Marx himself ever
did in terms of looking at how the
society might be run is he would
literally just say okay I expect that
because of the of the societies of
people live in now and that's 150 years
ago that it would seem like most
intuitive for people to do things like
use labour vouchers or [ __ ] like that
or use like some kind of planning system
and it wasn't necessarily doing that
central planning back then obviously but
well the point is is that all you can do
is you can look at these transitionary
periods between modes of productions you
can take guesses about how people are
going to figure these
things out to remedy the problems that
they're faced with and the
contradictions that they're faced with
in their existing society and where
they're going to go from there that's
all you can say
and that again that's not it's not my
place to be this person that can like
speak with these people in the future
just as much as it is for like the
ancient Greeks to speak for the peasants
building capitalism okay you all right
man yeah I mean I'm just gonna keep
defending capitalism and patching it
until I guess it collapses inevitably
but well yeah I mean like you can't do
that that's great I mean myself you know
[ __ ] bernie is cool and everything or
guess you know Mike revelon is [ __ ]
Corbin and I hope they get in obviously
I'm not gonna you know spend my time
campaigning for them or anything but the
point is is that what I'm saying is is
fundamentally built in as the system
itself capitalism like it is built to
fail and and the example I gave even is
just one very simplified one example of
how this this works you know if you
actually read capital itself there are
like 11 different built-in ways where
capitalism self defeating and it's yeah
you fully support you dude if you want
to say oh yeah keep capitalism patched
like don't let people [ __ ] starve in
the streets you know because because of
capitalism this stuff I'm there with you
but but what I'm trying to get across to
you is that eventually it has to go and
it has to be replaced with something
else and we can either choose we can
either choose fascism which which is you
know going to be a response to again the
falling society and it's going to try
and brutally crush anything that opposes
it or we can either go for socialism
which obviously is gonna fight back
against fascism hopefully and hopefully
try and build a new society where the
things that caused that initial once
tape ability don't exist anymore that
that's all it's gonna be okay all right
do you have any final parting thoughts
for us I'd like to I'd like to just know
it's all habit because okay so I've been
catching up on some of these previous
debates you've been doing with
socialists and stuff and obviously you
think they've been a mess I would agree
they've been a mess and you've had some
real crazies on it it's been saying can
I have can I hit no have I have I made
up for any of these people at all have
I've shown you there might be different
avenues or perspectives and socialism or
maybe it's not as [ __ ] mental as some
of the people who spoken to you have I
budged you want anything at all I really
am curious like from a good good world
perspective no okay you're basically
saying there are problems with
capitalism that cat like I mean the
Marxist point of view is that capitalism
has inherent contradictions that will
necessarily cause the dissolution of
capitalism right that's like a big mark
yeah I don't know if these empirically
are even true obviously I told you they
are empirically TRUCKING give you the
study okay you don't have any studies
that everybody agrees shows that
capitalism will necessarily collapse the
idea that like boom bust cycles are
inherent in capitalism isn't evidence
that capitalism will necessarily
collapse this is why we have things like
central banking and monetary policy to
try to combat these things right like so
I mean like so I don't know if
capitalism is inevitably doomed
or if we can use extra policies to
remedy this so things like monetary
policy for instance or other types of
policies so yeah and then I mean
everything else is just like we have no
idea what a communist or socialist world
would look like so I mean I don't I
can't really have an opinion about that
I guess but I mean well like I said see
you dude you can't yeah you can't
implement policies to bring out
technological advancement and
competition in capitalism these is like
really fundamental things just in the
motor production and and all of the
examples that machs brings up that I
haven't even mentioned are again so
fundamental that you can't just make
laws - I mean Marx didn't Marx literally
think that like like weaving looms would
cause like the entirety of like
civilization to like stop working like
did Marx theorize a long time ago that
we would run out of jobs for people to
do because industrialization was making
labor so efficient and I mean that's not
even remotely true and we're and we're
at levels of industrialization that are
impossible for him to have ever imagined
so I mean like it seems like that
is this the lump of labor fallacy I
think might it might be called but the
idea - like oh no once our you know
modes become so efficient we're no
longer gonna have jobs for people that
doesn't seem to have happened yet like
well I'm I can't speak to those
predictions you mentioned about Marx I'm
not familiar with them but in regards to
you know everybody becoming unemployed
we do kind of have that it looks like we
have that being thought about more in
the main
dream with people like Andrew yang and
stuff we were saying we need a universal
basic income to deal with an automation
crisis but again the communist
perspective instead of just paying these
people who are now unemployed and
literally do not have any purpose to
work we just reduce the amount of time
we have to work in general we focus on
like you know human need rather than
fulfilling the needs of capital because
it's just this amorphous social blob
which really dictates all actions in in
our society in our lives that that but
it doesn't have to okay sorry when you
say okay in that in that meager tone it
just like well goes like if I presuppose
like all the things that you presuppose
and I agree with you capitalism exactly
they capitalism is 100% going to cause
like a massive implosion because the
boom-bust cycles gonna lead to people
being massively starved or whatever and
then after that we have to go to either
fascism or some form of like worker
organized like society like I mean like
if I accept that if I thought I set that
out pretty well from first principles
like that crash is all built into
capital yeah but a crash being built
into something it doesn't logically
follow that that system is necessarily
going to collapse afterwards right we've
survived crashes before much worse than
the one okay that's fair enough but how
did we survive the Great Depression with
a world war and fascism and well then we
changed our monetary policy look at how
absolutely [ __ ] horrible yeah after
but like that's no that's that's how
everything works things are in a
response to other things sure but I mean
like look at how horrible the 2007 crash
was people were saying like [ __ ] this is
another Great Depression and like within
a decade because of the insane amount of
monetary policy that we enacted we were
able to catch up there's still people
that are hurting of course or minority
groups especially black people that were
disproportionately affected by that but
I mean I think we bounced back pretty
[ __ ] well like yeah we still have a
lot of problems but people were
literally calling for the Great
Depression 2.0 post 2007 and it didn't
happen we fire our monetary policy
[ __ ] kicked ass and like got that
sugar you sin no I do get that point
that you know what if what if we just
deal with these crashes as they come we
recover from we recover from them we
enjoy the the booms in between even
though we haven't actually had a boom
this time and we're probably gonna have
another crash pretty soon but we just
deal with that as it comes we make the
policies and we just do that forever
okay but if we take again the spalling
right a prophet thing you know
right this the point is is that you're
any in my perspective kicking the can
down the road well I don't understand
why you're falling rate of profit is
important like just because you're
making less profit per item
if you sell more items and it's fine or
if you're able to actually serve sorry
so then how do you keep selling more and
more and more of one item that people
don't necessarily need imagine if you
created a widget okay and you sold that
widget and that and that widget like
became so efficient I don't know maybe
you would sell like millions of those
widgets like do you think that's
impossible to do I'm sorry what like
what if widgets become like so like so
easy to make that you just start selling
tens of thousands or hundreds of
thousands of these widgets you need that
many widgets though there comes a point
where widgets production gets more and
more efficient you can make more and
more and you're trying to sell more and
more but people only ever need a certain
number of will yeah because because you
want to pause because you want to pause
where we're at right now no no no yes
because this isn't what I want to do
because I can give real examples of why
you're so wrong okay why would anybody
need to be able to make hundreds of
transistors that's crazy like a few
transistors is enough to do some pretty
basic things well guess what a
microprocessor today has billions of
transistors if this was a widget you
would have stopped making these when we
were in the triple digits of them why
don't we ever need more than that and
I'm sure I could find a million
different examples of things that we
produce a massive amount of because
we're able to do things with amazing
technologies it didn't exist a long time
ago dude again we've made this point
before right about oh well we would just
stop making semiconductors and that'd be
that and we'd never make another again
you know maybe at first we would but
then someone would come along and say
hey if we made a [ __ ] ton of these
we could make micro processes and they
sound pretty great then you would get to
making the microphones but that's not
how that works you have to incremental
iam preneur capitalism no but no under
anything nobody's ever gonna say like oh
well you know I can make ten transistors
oh dude I bet if we made twenty billion
of these we can make an i-9 you have to
incremental II ramp up your productions
and get to things where that are more
affordable to make these little jumps in
order to do it like we didn't start out
with the iPhone X right you're talking
you're talking about the like prices and
how much
also do that and we didn't like that's
talking about within the confines of
capitalism so if you didn't have like
you know having to worry about prices
and having to worry about having a
business stay afloat for as long as it
takes to have a microprocessor appear in
our like consciousness then then yeah
sure but like that's not we're trying to
literally just do away with those very
those fetters all together right I don't
know I totally disagree with all of this
but I mean I don't know ivar mm all
right listen I love you you're not
you're not like a screaming more honored
ever I know so like it sometimes I get
real mad at like the people I talk to I
don't think you're like I don't think
you're like a horrible person or
anything okay I love you and I yeah okay
are you a brexit er you are right you're
Pro brexit Oh where'd you get that
problem is you're a Corbett supporter
dude I I'm a physics student so I
understand that if I ever want to do any
research in my life I kind of need the
[ __ ] new you okay all right all right
well hey I love you but I mean it yeah
we could talk about brexit that's the
whole thing okay all right well um III I
enjoyed the conversation so yeah right
yeah
thanks a lot Corbin it's not pro brexit
I thought that generally I thought that
generally his party was anti brexit but
he was like he kind of like stuck his
neck out on his pro brexit oh he did he
changed to a remainer now wait we got a
lot of disagreement he had a lot of
disagreement in chat I thought that
labor in the UK was generally anti
brexit that labor in the UK was
generally remain but Corbin himself was
Pro brexit on july 2019 Corbin reversed
his position and brexit coming out in
full support of calling a segment on the
issue oh holy [ __ ] okay well he's a
crypto brexit ear
kogai [ __ ] I I'm so ready to be done
with the left ear but it's not fair when
I say hey your system failed to address
this we're failed to do this for you to
point to go well these are still some
problems under
