all right mr. le bro
hello mr. orphan how are you I'm doing
great
ok woof I'm listen to you I'm watching
Bo cat you guys you're massacred my boy
yeah he didn't he didn't bring very good
takes did he um I don't know if this
takes were good or bad but I know the
live with four or five you guys
screaming over the whole time it was uh
okay I'm not concerned about his comfort
but what's up what's on your mind
the only topic that I feel like I I can
do off-the-cuff with you so you got me
all right we'll do it off the cuff do
you really believe that it's insane to
say that men as an aggregate are
stronger than women
no there were so many things to deal
with here's here's the science on that
okay is that the there is not even a
full standard deviation in the
difference between the is it mean or
median I don't math isn't my strong suit
but there is a small difference in the
the the center point of the strength and
overall physical ability of men and
women do you genuinely believe that you
think that there is a negligible
difference between the average aggregate
strength of men versus women I would say
it is quantifiable and statistically
different but only barely statistically
different ah why are women so scared of
sexual encounters with men men this is
in son in aggregate it seems like
generally they should be able to defend
themselves against men like because I
was brought up in that discussion
most sports are separated on weight
classes once we account for oh whoa no I
mean like in real life I mean like why
are women in relation or Minutemen hmm
most women are shorter and smaller than
most Matt okay so shorter and smaller
generally implies less strength as well
yeah yes if you want to talk about the
the full total population of them yes
whoo so when I say aggregate so I write
so I very clearly I'll say this again
I'm trying to get you sure they're very
clearly set as an aggregate
men are stronger than women that seems
to be pretty non-debatable if you want
we can dig into powerlifting stats or we
can look at any specific athletic event
I'm tracking Phil yeah so like for
instance like an in a male NBA versus
female NBA it will be a slaughter and
male tennis versus female tennis it has
already been a slaughter in male a turn
almost any okay
so and then in the general population
men as an aggregate are tend to be far
stronger than women on an aggregate it's
not just like a marginally extreme the
the extremity of difference in both the
bottom and end of the curve on male
physical and mental ability I do believe
is I need to [ __ ] mute my alerts one
second Christ that was loud in my ear um
the edges of the bell curves there
there's a larger deviation from the mean
in the male population than there is in
the female population the curve for
females is much tighter than it is for
that of men but they're they're raw
physical ability as I understand it is
relatively similar but there is a
statistical difference between the two
okay so I mean so I know this from
weightlifting because that's what I know
best but I'm 100% positive that we can
go to literally any sport ever and my
arguments will most likely hold true but
I'll use weightlifting on because it's
when I'm like most familiar with so for
instance if I were to take one of the
weird because of the extremes way better
that's not what I'm talking about okay
okay and and this this point is very
fantastical okay it hurts your arguments
even pretend because everybody knows
that it's not true so let's let's let's
look at something like okay a bench
press okay a 148 pound male with I think
about one year of training would be
expected to benchpress about 230 pounds
a 148 pound male with one to two years
of training should probably be able to
bench about 230 pounds I 148 pound
female should be able to bench in the
same amount of time about a hundred and
thirty-five pounds that is not a slight
difference in strength that is a massive
difference in stir
a man who waves 148 pounds with no
training whatsoever can be expected to
bench like 160 to 170 like potentially I
don't know of this class this class for
maybe isn't completely untrained but I
could look up like untrained numbers and
for a woman at 148 pounds it's it's
almost both like it's significantly it
is significant differences between the
power differences in groups people even
an untrained or slightly trained groups
of future but number one this wasn't my
point I didn't try to make this point in
this argument this was Mike's point but
number two you would also probably be
willing to contend or concede rather
that lifting raw muscle building power
and ability is probably one of the
things that men excel at faster than
women in across physical prowess
altogether right no that's just this is
one aspect of many so men tend to have
larger lungs men tend to have larger
frames men tend to have greater bone
mineral density I mean like there are a
whole men tend to recover from exercise
faster testosterone is a big player and
your and your body's ability to rock at
one sure so there are a multitude of
advantages that men have when it comes
to training for athletic events and
participating in athletic events over
women it's not just your ability to put
on muscle there are a great number of
other physiological advantages as well
right sure yeah okay so all of this then
so our original statement my original
statement that men are stronger than
women not by one standard deviation or
whatever that means they're
significantly on and an aggregate and on
average men are quite stronger than
women that's true in an elite
performance level or just on an average
citizen level as well yes if you are not
controlling for their size I will
absolutely 100% give them even if you
control for their size men are gonna be
stronger women have to get there is no
women there is no woman that cuts to 6%
body fat they can't do it women have to
hold more fat in their body than men do
in fact for women is uh you know yeah
women's menstrual cycles or periods or
um you one of you guys jokingly alluded
to it like it was ridiculous that like a
woman's ovaries would fall out or
whatever if she cut to too low of a body
fat but there are serious hormonal
damages it happened to a woman's button
that happens to a woman's body if she
does cut to too low of a body fat would
that men don't have to work
about now men can cut two body fats that
kill them to 46% isn't really [ __ ]
hard to hold but um but but like yeah
even even at the same weight even at the
same weight distribution a man will
still pound for pound be stronger than a
woman because a man doesn't have to hold
as much found on his body as a woman
does okay okay so on an aggregate we
should be able to agree and this fits us
as well with all the SJW narratives or
they're gonna call it as well like women
are scared of men for a reason okay sure
okay so this is something that that is
true so my to my understanding of it of
what I've seen and I'm we've I've done
very little research tonight in terms of
digging on subjects okay I've just been
kind of going through the links you guys
have posted and then clicking
something's in chat my understanding of
it is that if you allow somebody to
train as a man for a significant period
of time and then transition into a woman
to transition like via hormone
replacement therapy or something later
on that the amount of time spent
training as a biological male will
confer an advantage and use that phrase
as a sis male I don't know what you'd
call it I don't know I'm uncomfortable
saying that a trans male at birth but
it's a medical history and that's my
major concern with it okay got you so
somebody that was able to train in a
body that was assigned male at Birth for
a significant portion of their life that
is a trans individual that transitions
to being a trans woman that undergone
horrible hormone replacement therapy to
do it that they've have have enjoyed the
benefits of training in a assigned at
birth male body for a long period of
time and it seems like that might confer
some athletic advantage on them
now I'm trying to find if there is data
that says that all of these advantages
are wiped out in a couple of years it
seems to me that things like your
muscular like your frame like the actual
like skeletal frame you have the size of
your lungs the bone mineral density you
have it seems to me like these are
advantages that would carry through the
amount of time spent training with
elevated androgen levels and Amgen
sensitivity levels and an elevated bone
density which helps you you know lift
more weights seems like these advantages
would still come through post hormone
replacement therapy now you kept
screaming at like in the conversation
you know the studies could be wrong the
studies preview on citizen I'd be super
curious and seeing
these because nothing that was posted in
Bad Bunny's chat had anything to do with
any of these things
okay I've definitely seen a couple of
them I can dig for a minute I can't
speak to lung capacity I have no clue
about that but I do know as far as I
understand it and have read all of the
muscle benefits once you are on a
hormone regimen and those completely
evaporate within a certain amount of
time the amount of time is debated so
far we don't know you know six months
two years or whatever that ends up being
but yeah let me see what I can find
okay your chat is like a bunch of links
ready or whatever if you guys have been
discussing this a lot of whatever but
this is just something that it's pretty
hard for me to find this the general
thing that I hear cited is that usually
after the idea is that after two years
any advantages that you had in a bit of
prior hormone State or whatever you
would call it might disappear but I
would be very curious to see that like
actually born out like an in some sort
of study because I don't think I've seen
that before
also I'm much more favorable to the idea
that a pre puberty transition is going
to put you on a much more I don't like
the term level playing field cuz I don't
even know if that ever exists in any
athletic event ever but I but I would
say like a pre puberty transition is
going to put you in a more clinical
level playing field than a post puberty
transition because it seems like post
puberty there's a lot of changes that
your body goes through and advantages
that you're probably gonna get that seem
to me to be really hard to get rid of
and and this is like obvious like you
know people go through surgeries you
know better than to say that things like
this are obvious sure so when I say
seems obvious what I mean is that other
trans individuals have identified that
so for instance when we talk about
things like bone structure a lot of
trans people Poe and only say a lot but
there are trans people post
transitioning that are unhappy even
after hormone replacement therapy with
like the structure of their skeleton
they might feel like I'm experiencing
them some dysmorphia because my
shoulders are too broader because the
structure is bone density impart
physical prowess so one of the
adaptations so your body goes through a
lot about it
when you're lifting weights not only do
your muscle fibers tear and repair
themselves not only do you have CNS
central nervous system adaptations and
recruiting muscle fibers building you
also have your bones will actually
thicken as a as an adaptation as a
response to resistance training so for
instance if you measure the bone mineral
density of somebody that squats a lot
their spines will actually be thicker
than somebody that doesn't your ability
for your bones to become more dense as
it added as an adaptation and response
to weight lifting not only allows you to
lift heavier weights but it protects you
from future injury as well okay I have
no clue how that responds to hormone
therapy well your a question was how
does bone mineral density confer an
athletic advantage and the athletic
advantage would be resistance to
injuries and ability to lift more
weights and conditioning is generally
really important part of any athletic
event sure that might be true I don't
know okay and I don't either it is
possible that after apply to dig you up
links and trying to come out with more
stuff sure I'm not right you just you
ask the question and whoop the only
reason I responded but you guys were all
four or five of you were screaming down
like it today and I'm just curious if
there are actual like because you guys
screamed studies over and over and over
again and I'm I it's I haven't been able
to find like conclusive stuff because I
love to argue trans issues but I haven't
been able to find this like silver
bullet that's like oh look like BAM it's
totally different like trans people you
know post-transition are 100% on the
same you know if I can say biological
plain River hormone playing field or
athletic advantage playing field as
cisgender women that and I haven't been
able to see that kind of stuff Pranay in
my chat what is this that you've linked
me
this looks like it just talks about
female people in general and doesn't
cover trans athletes at all or if you
want because obviously I'm putting you
on the spot here in terms of the data
beam you can poke me later
like tomorrow or the day after and you
can even have a couple other trans
people we can go over and I'm not trying
to like get you on this right now I just
sure I just think that sometimes like in
our efforts to in our efforts to be
correct about certain positions I think
that sometimes we say some really
ridiculous things I take a big issue
with the idea that men and women on an
aggregate are similar in strength
because that runs like highly
counterintuitive to some of the reasons
why women have such a difficult position
in society when it comes to things like
dating right like I would never tell a
woman like why you scared of guys on
tinder like on average you're gonna be
about as strong as any guy you run into
on tinder when every woman knows that's
not true like these types of
relationships can be really scary
meeting strange men and it's not because
they're equal in strength it's because
it's usually like a huge power imbalance
like that's one of the fears that women
have when it comes to dating online so
it's a little strange to hear that well
on aggregate everybody's about the same
strength know when we're talking about
elite sports performance the best female
performers and the best male performers
don't end up being radically different
in many different fields but what we're
talking about is the loss of performance
when somebody transitions to being on
female hormones which every study that I
am familiar with shows that all
advantage has been eliminated at that
point because trans athletes are not
performing at the same level that they
were before and end up falling below the
curve compared to the same competitors
that basically got used to their own
bodies my guess is this is a puberty
reaction where they're having to perform
in a body they're only familiar with for
the last couple of years as opposed to
somebody who's intimately familiar with
their own body what they can do etc but
the argument that we are usually having
you're talking about averages and on
aggregate but what we're talking about
when we talk about sports performance is
the absolute elite actors in each of
these fields so in the elite actors you
would actually be so many more degrees
wrong than in the aggregate even because
in the elite actors there are no within
it butyou're lands women there's your
outperforming sis women on the field
sure and that might be possible that
might be that that is the contention
that we have right now but the idea that
in the elite level men and women perform
on similar similar levels is absolutely
not true it's not even remotely true
like professional female teams will lose
to college level athletes like it's for
male athletes like there is a
significant difference in the physiology
between sis men and sis women
it's it's just not even remotely close
we don't have mixed martial arts like
women and men fighting for a reason even
in the same weight class like we don't
have a WNBA competing against a normal
NBA we don't do like American football
like this is just not true it's like
everybody knows as a puncher it's not
even remotely true our when we're
talking about trans female athletes
outperforming assists females the data
does not bear that out in having ever
really occurred there there is no trans
takeover of sports and that's what we're
talking about yeah we're asking ends up
going to where a sis females performance
is sure but that's that's what we're
kind of asking the question about but
but the the earlier question is who
things here those of the earlier
statement that in an elite level men and
women perform similarly is just
absolutely not true
now whether or not trans women are going
to quote-unquote take over you know
female assist female athletic events is
something to be determined or somebody
be looking into that's the issue that
there is contention right now however
just because trans women haven't done it
yet doesn't necessarily mean they're
failing to do so due to physiological
reasons there could be other barriers
that prevent trans women from succeeding
in sports like the massive amount of
discrimination that they face in other
parts of their life it could be that
there are trans women that could
incredibly out-compete cisgender women
and in sports but they're just being
discriminated at other levels it's
preventing them from making
I don't know if that's true or not but
that's like a potential hypothesis right
this is what we need data does that
sounds like we're trying to reach for
reasons that are otherwise indicated
nope I'm not reaching any harder than
you are and right now all of the
indications indicate that there is a
significant advantage to training in a
more androgen sensitive testosterone
producing body which it tends to be
assigned male at birth versus a body
that produces less testosterone and has
less androgen sensitivity which tends to
be a female assigned at birth body right
so we make the assumptions that it seems
to make sense but the results have not
borne that out wait which results the
results of trans a fleet SAR not
outperforming their sis counterparts
when transitioning to female yeah but
the the issue I'm saying here is there
might be other barriers to track there
might be other issues but answer I'm
talking about we're talking about the
best performers we're talking about it
happening frequently enough for there to
be a population to be able to reasonably
say these athletes are not outperforming
their sister emails that's not no no
that's not the question right now the
question isn't are trans people
currently outperforming cisgender people
we can look at the top to the top scores
or the top whatever and anything and
determine that's probably not true that
does seem to be the case the question is
whether or not a trans woman will have a
biological advantage over a sis woman
like a significant majority of the time
that's the question and we can't
determine that by just looking at who
are the current like top performers
because it's possible that trans women
are discouraged from getting there due
to other pressures before they even get
to that level that might be the question
that you are asking in potential good
faith but it is not the question that's
being asked the question that's being
asked is should we be letting men
compete in women's sports sure which is
kind which I guess is a more transphobic
way of getting at the same question that
I'm asking which is does it as a trans
woman have a significant biological
advantage over a cisgender woman that's
that's the question like biologically
speaking is what we're asking and that
seems to me as a determine you're asking
is should these people be treated as
less than human no that's no that's our
contention yes they should not be well
so you should be allowed to compete in
whatever category were forcing them to
compete in okay so that's a different
argument and there are interesting
arguments to have here so one problem
that trans people expose about how we
differentiate athletic divisions is that
at the end of the day we like to believe
it's a meritocracy but it's actually
incredibly arbitrary even when it comes
down to what we call a woman as a woman
unlike a very fine biological basis
there are ways of this branch off in
ways that most people don't even know
right we presented what a highly
simplified way in high school or like if
we wanted to draw a distinction between
men and women you know we also draw a
distinction we could draw a distinction
between different height classes in the
NBA but we don't do that why why is that
any more or less fair than drawing
distinctions between sis men and trans
women or whatever but but but that's
besides the point that's a totally
separate argument on can any athletic
event be at merit based at all right or
are there some biological advantages
that are like so huge that we should
take accounted for more we shouldn't or
whatever but that's that's a totally
separate thing than just saying we
should be able to just hand fist Rance
people into their respective sis
categories and everything should be okay
I think that question is still
unanswered and right now if
theoretically we removed all the
discriminatory barriers against trans
people from competing with sis people if
trans people started to dominate every
single one of those categories but we
would have to start to ask questions
like okay well [ __ ] like did we [ __ ]
up here is this a mistake do we want
this like and and then the alternative
doesn't work either because we don't
want to make just trans categories
because I was like oh well if you're
trans athlete well now you are [ __ ] you
never get to compete with like the real
large professional events that are
probably all gonna be cisgender so it's
a hard question I just don't think it's
fair to present it as though there's an
easy solution I write but that's that's
not what the trans community is trying
to argue they just want to be allowed to
compete in sports and people are telling
them that they have to compete here as
opposed to somewhere else there
there's a lake let's go to some stupid
example that doesn't prove anything but
it does prove how stupid the systems are
arbitrary there is a there's a trans man
who is being forced to compete as his
assigned at birth sex female in high
school competitions in wrestling in
Texas recently and he is completely
absolutely crushing heads across the
board he hates that he is being forced
to wrestle women because he has been
taking testosterone injections and it is
not fair to those competitors that he is
absolutely destroying them in the
complete state level it's it's this
binary [ __ ] obsession that America
specifically has but the world at large
also worries about sure that we need to
get the [ __ ] over and come up with a
solution that's fair to allow people to
do the things that are important for
them to feel like being able to be a
human being the way that they want to
yeah and I understand that but like let
if we if we were to flip the script
though and let's say that you had women
that wanted to compete in cisgender
sports but the top end ends up becoming
dominated by trans women I mean like
those people end up feeling that they're
basically being [ __ ] athletically as
well
no well given that they have a huge
amount more privileged than trans
individuals and trans individuals have
been excluded from these things
historically that is a problem that I
say we solve once we find out how it
shakes out so we want right now is equal
treatment uh I don't know I feel like in
athletic events I feel like that's that
people aren't generally like you're
basically making an affirmative action
for professional athletics I don't I
don't know if most people would be
comfortable with that argument I mean
that's an argument you could make it's
interesting the idea would be that if we
could even artificially push trans
people to certain levels of
competitiveness that it would encourage
other trans people to get into it and
then you replace a formative action with
organic growth but this side steps the
whole issue that there might be a
massive biological advance
that's conferred on to a trans woman and
then how would you even start to sort
this out later I like I don't I don't
think most people would be okay that or
anything I'd be really difficult to do
it I don't think like yeah are you
familiar with how sex is categorized
like in Y illogically as you keep
putting it biologically in what sense it
depends on what you mean right in what
sense
how are we categorizing right now we're
lumping people together into male and
female for sports competitions right now
how is that fair to the people who end
up having X X Y chromosomes and are
competing against other men I on the
field how is it fair to intersex
individuals at all to be forced to be
competing against either of these
individuals I would disagree with any of
this but this is a totally different
individuals that express with a penis
that they have to be able to compete
with male individuals the problem is the
arbitrary sexual categorization of
individuals based on their genitalia
almost exclusively when it's more about
the hormone balance that is undertaken
in their bodies the fact that human
bodies themselves are chimeric me as a
sexed male individual at birth I have no
[ __ ] clue what my chromosomal makeup
is I could be 90 percent xx and we
wouldn't know because we don't do the
genetic testing at birth to find that
information out we don't know how fair
it is because we just look at somebody
and we're like dick no dick and then we
decide lump them into these categories
those people are all right I don't
disagree fair category I don't disagree
that nice you're right you're talking to
something that is like a Jenner a blue
shirt I don't disagree with my audience
already knows how I feel about all this
I talk about this all the time okay if
you want to tell me that all gender
categories should how fair is it to the
men who have a genetic disadvantage that
they have to compete with the men that
have the genetic advantage it's probably
not that fair but I don't agree why
don't we get really of those
lots of arbitrary categorizations and
let the excellent people compete with
the excellent people and go from there
well that because we we have no we can't
[ __ ] that makes them feel like we don't
just let people do things we have to
have some type of categorization in
order to make these athletic events work
why because if we don't then every
single athletic contender is going to be
male every then females just don't get
to compete in sports anymore nobody's
gonna watch them nobody's gonna want to
do anything I disagree that that would
be the case that's fine that you
disagree but physically better at
certain things I think it's possible
they might be that's not true is because
we have picked the things that men are
best at to compete at physically okay so
I think there might be one form of
distance running I think that women
might be superior than men I think or
maybe gymnastics like the the two bar or
whatever there are some things that
women might be better but for the vast
majority of sports men insanely
outclassed women and in the vast
majority of sports that we have
performed since the beginning of time
only valuing men as athletic performers
they outperform women yes but your
argument is that there might be there
like why that would occur yeah but your
argument is that we might be able to
invent some new athletic event that
women are superior to men and like this
whole argument relies on bias or that we
have an arbitrary value over the sports
performance of certain people doing
certain our bike there's so many
abstract layers of arbitrary preference
in this that why does it matter in the
least how fair things are in these sorts
of competitions I I'm gonna take the
take that you're gonna [ __ ] hate at
this point if we just allowed people to
compete for fun and removed the the
capitalist incentive behind these sorts
of competitions we wouldn't need to have
this discussion so when the Greeks did
like athletics was that like pre
capitalism like bubbling up to the
surface or like athletic competition has
been like part of like humanity since
probably the we don't wanna make it full
[ __ ] humans when the Greeks had the
Olympics your ignore my point you're
trying to say that like athletic drives
the drive did you saying that they were
not allowed to compete but they were not
seen men competed capable of these brave
men competed in the Olympics before
they'd herbalism
getting rid of capitalism is gonna get
rid of athletic competition ref getting
rid of patriarchal arbitrary nonsense
saying that only the things that men are
good at are the things that we should
value and allow to happen is the problem
that has occurred we're talking about an
entire human races existence of
preferring what men are capable of doing
and finding out what men are best at
doing men things I don't necessarily
exist women have to compete in the same
exact things and and it's just it's I
don't necessarily disagree that the
selection of what we consider to be
athletic events is going to be biased
towards what men are already good at
because society seems to be ran by male
interests right if we if we go into
patriarchy theory or generally agree
with however the dismantling of the
entire patriarchy and then we don't even
know if there are athletic events that
could be invented that women are
superior at to men like like this this
is like such an out-there
argument that it's I don't even think
it's worth considering when trans people
today need to consider like what it or
when we all need to consider what are
the places of trans people in sports
today like the answer to that question
can be well once we dismantle patriarchy
and capitalism we'll be able to answer
that like we dancers before that but you
were talking about what about in the
future because right now they're not
outperforming their system l
counterparts you wanted to talk about
the future so I wanted to talk about the
future right now trans femme performance
in elite sports is not a problem so are
we talking about the future or are we
not I'm sorry when I was talking about
the future I mean like the next like
five to ten years not 250 years into the
future when capitalism is also a luxury
you were saying may
we end up seeing them outperforming we
haven't yet we have no reason to believe
that they will want so no so we're gonna
talk about the future we may as well
talk about no future might allows them
to perform as the people that they are
so my point is that biomechanically we
have every reason to believe that they
would conform their assist counterparts
I think that seems to be the case
biomechanically that's - but we're
really bad at science in general we we
know more we really that is
understanding how the body does a lot of
the [ __ ] that it does we're only barely
understand this is a miss this is kind
of a misunderstanding of how like
medicine in general or understanding
biological processes work just because
we don't understand how a process works
doesn't mean we can't speak about the
effects of a certain process sure so
like this same argument that you're
giving I could use to say like well we
shouldn't give SSRIs to people because
we don't know fuck-all about how the
brain works and we have a very poor
understanding of how neurochemical works
about how serotonin or dopamine works we
just know that there are certain drugs
it seems like when you give it to people
it seems like in general it helps their
mood okay but just because we don't know
how it works doesn't mean we can't make
broad statements like it's actually
really hard to even describe the process
of building muscle that's a very very
hard I don't know if I don't even know
if Medical Sciences can fully understand
and describe that process all the way
down to like a fundamental like cellular
level like from start to finish I don't
think that's like fully been described
yet but we still know how to build
muscle right we still know what muscle
does we still know like there are good
ways to build in and bad ways to build
it so we can make the same statement
about sure yeah so we can still make the
same statements about trans people like
we might not know the underlying like
biomechanical explanation or description
of every single hormone in the body or
whatever but we can still make some
broad statements people that produce a
lot of androgen and have androgen
sensitivity are going to be more
athletic than people that produce less
androgen and have lower androgen
sensitivity right that's AI and that's
so extreme that as you correctly
mentioned earlier you can have people
with XY chromosomes who are actually
presented completely most people think
they're women or most people would call
them like sis women even though they
have an X Y chromosome because they have
no androgen sensitivity at all so yeah I
mean like there are statements that we
can make about like how
work even if we don't understand the
underpinnings about every single part of
it works sure so let's go ahead and take
a hard turn over this one because I
don't think we're getting anywhere here
and I you know a lot more about this
[ __ ] than I do let's talk about caster
Semenya for a minute my understanding of
that and I'm worried that I have read
wrong stuff but my understanding is that
she is a sis woman that just produces
and has much higher androgen sensitivity
than most like sis women and so people
were talking about barring her from
competition as a result has been barred
from competition unless she undergoes
hormone therapy to change her body yeah
why is she a magical exception all of a
sudden partially I'm gonna give you the
answer here's cuz she's black okay I'm
just sayin why isn't she allowed to
compete she's a cyst woman why are we
telling her that her body is wrong why
isn't she allowed to do everything that
the art the side that you're trying to
argue right now why why isn't she
allowed to take her human exceptionalism
and compete fairly against other women
do we answer that question so the answer
to that question is very simple the
answer the question is that
differentiating differentiating
competitive athletic sports only by a
very crude understanding of biological
sex it's probably not a good way to
separate divisions and athletic events
that's the answer right sure okay but so
let's stop using that system the only
thing is is that if you're going to say
we have to stop using that system you're
you're going to have to admit that we
can't just let everybody do whatever
because then women we are gonna have no
will or will assist women or trans when
I probably gonna have almost no
representation in athletic events
everywhere so we need to figure out
something and it's hard especially and
it's probably good even that the trans
people are making us think about these
things more because even if we got
of all the trans people somehow if we
wave the magic conservative one these
are still probably good questions to
think about right our sports done on a
meritocracy basis you guys correctly
identified Michael Phelps for instance
has a body that physiologically makes
him far more adept at swimming than
another type of sis male do we divide
for those types of bodies like these are
good questions to ask I don't disagree I
ask these questions all the time they're
very interesting to think about it but
that still means that if you're if
you're advocating for trans people in
sports the answer is probably gonna be
more complicated than just saying trans
people should be able to compete in the
same categories assist people no
questions asked it's that the solution
is probably not going to be that simple
god I don't know what to say about that
I if we allowed trans people to live the
lives that they wanted to in the first
place and allowed them to to transition
at the ages that they identified
themselves and didn't have society
completely judging everything that they
did this would be a non-issue possibly I
mean like things like puberty blockers
don't letting you yeah being able to
transition before Nubia is really good
sure yeah the entire issue I've linked
you a couple of videos by the way they
should be in the same video series that
is argued by a person that is much more
educated on the subject than I am
the it's something of thought I've
[ __ ] lost it already my chat keeps
trying to feed me information I'm only
barely able to skim over any of it but
I'm being told that it addresses every
single point that you're bringing up
essence of thought is the the name of
the youtuber gotcha alright I'll look
into I will all look into these later
just because these are interesting
things to me and I appreciate the
conversation yeah absolutely I am sorry
that I am not as smart as you about I
just wanted to ask some questions cuz I
you guys massacred my boy and so I just
wanted to come up on why is he your boy
D let's talk about also my contention
that enacting transphobia makes you
transphobic would you agree with that
statement um no I don't think so I don't
think I would agree that statement okay
then we're gonna go ahead and
our ways here then okay have a good
night Steven have a good one okay all
right well we tried the the numbers I
was pulling before [ __ ] I don't know
what chart this was using or I [ __ ]
whatever one the first one I pulled for
like novice lifters those numbers were
way too high I'm sorry these are
probably closer numbers to novice
lifters they're like there are charts
you can pull up online if you want to
track like your progress like okay well
if I'm a novice lifter and I weighed
this much body weight like how much
should I be able to lift to kind of like
have an understanding of like you know
where should my lips be out like am I
making okay progress and you can see
like the difference in weight lifted at
like a given body weight for like a man
and a woman is significantly different
at every level of training right like
but okay sorry there's just the study
conclusion talks about male versus
female tendons they are very different
to how much to fix this along with
muscle strength well yeah that's the
question I know that you know there are
a lot of you guys are linking me studies
that show the difference between system
and it's just women I know that there
are differences in that my question the
question is whether or not hormone
replacement therapy like makes those
differences disappear that's the
question right dude you stop saying that
when you talked with your friend before
coming on here about talking that's why
are you so performative if you believe
in anything
