[Music]
the drunken podcast
stay man you got a joint
[Music]
it'd be a lot cooler
from the strangest corners of the
internet here to bring you opinions of
the world from an altered perspective
here are your hosts number five four
five five four five and what a great
show we have lined up for everybody
we're gonna do a debate for the first
time in a long time
feel free to introduce our debaters fill
our fridge in the upper left hand corner
we have the master debater and Slayer of
pseudo-intellectuals
he went toe-to-toe with Jesse Lee
Peterson ask the hard questions do you
love black people are you asking like
answer again I don't know man oh say he
loves all black people I think that's a
good answer
we got destiny and he's gonna go
toe-to-toe with the creationist
cartoonist the creator the creator of
earthworm jim bigfoot bill and many
other characters keeper of the faith
yes so basically the rules are I will
read the debate topic and then one of
the two contestants will have five
minutes to make their argument regarding
the topic and then after they're done
whether it takes the whole five minutes
or they have some time left they just
let us know that they're done and then
we'll give the other contestant an
opportunity to to do a rebuttal of what
they just said and then after that we
kind of open it up to a freestyle where
you guys can just kind of argue back and
forth if there is a dispute over the
factuality of any of the claims either
one of you make the other person can ask
for a source and if you want to you
could just link a source in the Skype
chat I can pull it up on screen and
that's basically it
that was easy
yeah yeah and I'll start the timer in a
minute here basically when the timer
goes off you'll hear the Jeopardy
timeout sound that and that'll mean that
it's time to wrap it up I'll let Doug
start this one since he's kind of making
the positive claim here basically just
start with religion
so Doug why do you believe in the
existence of God and Christianity in
particular sure just a 5 minutes right
now you don't need to use the entire 5
unless you should feel fit yeah I'll
wrap it up or whatever why do I believe
in God and then specifically the
Christian religion I believe in God
because I believe everything demands a
cause that's my first sense is that when
I see when I see the earth I see an
effect and I believe that it requires a
adequate cause and those are fancy words
are just saying you know it seems like
something made all this stuff or the way
G K Chesterton put it that it's a shame
that to have all this stuff and not have
anyone to thank for it so and I and to
me it's very strange that we are people
capable of anger and love and emotion
and so when I think about what where we
were made from it would make sense that
the cause would also have anger love and
emotion that it would be a moral being
so I don't see human beings as the
highest evolved anything in the world
I just believe there's simply a level
higher than us that is likely
supernatural and we call him God so
that's the God side of it is I just I
just see creation and I think it's
rational to believe that it came from a
supernatural mind as for the Christian
religion specifically you know a lot of
that could be attributed to just my
cultural upbringing or whatever the law
is it raised by atheists but I was
raised in America you know not Saudi
Arabia or something but i this the
christian story is very compelling i'm a
story writer right i I create stories
myself I make them up and I see a
superstructure in most stories that
involve you you start by building a
world you create a world and you sustain
it or you you build out the details of
it usually within story something goes
wrong and I liken that to the fall
there's usually a hero who rises up who
is exceptional in some way usually
there's some form of self-sacrifice
where he he transcends and there's a
kind of a resurrection and story also
and then finally the idea of heaven
which is like a happy ending and I just
think that that system that worldview is
is all over Western stories at the very
least it's why I think Miyazaki movies
kind of stink because they don't come
from the West and they don't always hold
those those ideas that we love in Iron
Giant and Black Stallion in Star Wars
and things like that I mean so I feel
like that story is very deep in me this
the religious story that matches that
the best is Christianity and that might
be cause and effect you know might be
mixing chicken and egg because it could
very well be that those kinds of Western
stories came out of that tradition
because we came from Christianity so I'm
unclear on that if it
predated it or if it came after it
Joseph Campbell would claim that that
kind of a hero's journey predated
Christianity I'm fine with that too
because I think if if God destined and
knew that Jesus was going to come
he could have baked that story and the
goods long before Jesus came along and
I'll rap from there that those are my
big ones on God in Jesus they both take
a similar theme and that I see I see
evidences for God in creation and for
Jesus in my love of story and I just
think Christianity is the most pitch and
story and and it all and and then more
importantly I'm convinced it's true so
when I found out it was true I went holy
cow I'm in alright
destiny feel free to to get started yeah
I can't is my Mike son okay oh yeah yeah
you sound good
real I don't to interrupt but can I do I
call you destiny I prefer Steven okay so
you pretend to be a woman online yeah
what um what what name you prefer to go
away
I'm Doug Doug okay Doug okay yeah so
yeah I'll go I guess the first part kind
of sounds like a I I don't know if we're
going for like a transcendental argument
here but the idea that like there has to
be some explanation for the beginning of
the universe I mean that claim in and of
itself is pretty suspect like I don't
know if there necessarily needs to be a
beginning to the universe I mean we
could posit a universe that has always
existed even if we do say the universe
needed some sort of beginning I don't
know if that beginning necessarily needs
to be God you know it could be a
computer simulation or aliens or it
could be any hundred million different
gods I don't know how you would pick any
individual one so yeah I don't really
like that um the idea that we needed God
to jump start at the physical world I
think there's a lot in there that you
need to dig through to actually
establish that I mean I guess it kind of
sounds good if you just glance at it
real quickly but I think you have to
really tear into that because I don't
think that it holds up logically the
idea that one that the university needs
to be infinite or I'm sorry that the
universe can't be infinite that's who if
it had a start that there was some God
that started it and that we could even
know which God started it the next one
this idea that like the world exists the
way that it does and it's perfect
the way that it is and we can't even
imagine the world being different I mean
we could posit you know a million
different types of worlds with creatures
made of methane or with creatures that
are much larger like the dinosaurs or
creature that are much smaller just
because the world exists and it works on
the way that it does now doesn't mean
that it couldn't theoretically work a
hundred million different ways I mean we
have the world that we do now but I mean
that's just because you know the
conditions were such on this planet that
light grew and the way that it did the
idea that the planet was created for the
life here I think is a little bit
putting the putting the horse before the
cart like life came after the planet I
just don't I don't think it's a valid
argument to say that the planet was
created for the life here and that we
can't imagine any other type of life
existing the next part yeah this idea
that like I guess I just I don't know
how to respond to an argument where it's
like I can't imagine that life here is
random or I can't imagine that life
exists of this way and there needs to be
a creator there's I can't really say
much to that I mean I mean we could all
get together and read a million
different science fiction stories about
how life was started the god story is
nice because it gives us purpose but I
mean there are tons of religions and
other stories that give us purpose as
well and then for the final point this
idea that we tell all of these common
stories on the planet Earth that all
kind of like share these themes and
similarities doesn't necessarily point
to a higher power it could just point to
some you know biological similarity as
well right like maybe biologically we
all desire purpose and maybe
biologically we all enjoy this idea of
say like hero stories so every single
culture writes a million of these types
of stories I don't think you need a god
to explain that common desire among all
people to have these you know similar
stories with these similar themes and
yeah that's what I got alright at this
point Doug feel free to respond and it's
just freestyle at this point so you guys
can you know within reason interrupt one
another if if you want to make a point
uh-huh sure thanks Stephen that's that's
cool that's all cool I I guess it's
going to be tough to debate because I he
gave a lot of theoretical idea that's
right Stephen you said it doesn't miss
it the universe could be infinite past
it could be interdimensional there could
be other higher forms that don't have to
be God and
and I agree that those are in the
running I agree that those are in the
running but I gave a reason why I
believed this was the most likely and
and my reason that I gave I didn't
specifically I mean so you said you
claimed that you gave a reason that is
the most likely my claim is that that's
the most likely because that's the one
that you like so what I would ask you is
what evidence do you have that our
universe was created by God and not some
hyper intelligent race of aliens what is
their evidence pointing one way the
other first I want to go back to your
original claim that is the foundation of
that comment which is that you said this
is the one that I like I don't like it I
don't like it so we'll start there I'm
convinced it's true and there's two
different things about that so I so I'm
already coming from a place of him I'm I
I just see like there's things about God
that we are culturally trained as a
spies like that he would stone a man for
eating shrimp there's no reason why I
would like that there's no reason I
would choose that because I liked it or
they either that God sends people who
aren't of my faith to hell there's no
reason I would like that either so I
don't prefer that that's not that's not
in me so I'm only starting with that
foundation I have to start with we I
don't think it's I don't think it's
right for you to give that disingenuous
comment about me that I that I only did
it because I like it my only question is
couldn't I also then if that's the
standard where he uses that I like it
maybe you like maybe it's not really
true for you that there's no God but
that you like that that there's no God
and that's why you came up with all of
your arguments I actually wouldn't put
that on you oh I mean you totally could
the only reason why I'm putting that on
you is because it seems like you're you
kind of like beg of the conclusion or
you beg the question and a lot of your
statements like saying something like
well life exists on earth the way that
it does and I can't imagine it existing
any other way sounds like I I didn't I
don't remember saying that I'm sorry if
I said that and I stand corrected I
don't
we're saying that I can't imagine life
on earth any other way I'm a I'm a
creative guy I make other worlds all the
time actually can't imagine life some
other way I can't imagine it not coming
from God might be what you're then maybe
I misunderstood maybe I misunderstood
your point there it sounded like you
said that like things existed in such a
in such a perfect state that like you
felt like there needed to be a God to
jump alright that or am i I didn't say
it was perfect you know I don't believe
it's perfect because of the fallen state
I think actually things are rather
imperfect okay all right innocent
children suffering and dying is not
perfect okay so I guess what was yours
so then the what was your reason for
believing that it was say 'god that
created the planet over any hyper
intelligent race of aliens i I think I
mean I'll tell you why I personally
don't believe that it's not that it it
could be aliens and braining of that
stuff I don't think people actually
believe that I don't think you believe I
mean I don't believe it either so I
don't want to debate something that you
nor I believe do you believe that we're
that there's a we're brains and vats and
this is all an illusion I don't believe
I can know about that I don't think I
can have information about that I
wouldn't make claims I'd be agnostic
towards that do you believe the universe
how do you had a infinite past that it's
always been your steady state I don't
think I can know about that right now
either that might be something that
science can uncover at some point of
time but I don't think we have that
information I think that's something we
could probably know about but I'm not
sure I don't think I have an information
right now so would it be safe then that
that what I'm getting at is that you're
probably a skeptic about everything
including Christianity right if I said
do you believe in a multiverse that
there's multiple universes do you
believe that do we have ways to get
information about it physically no
there's no way then then I would say we
can't have information about so you're a
consistent skeptic about everything
including Christianity and I'm a skeptic
about everything but one one view that I
will I'm willing to lay some skin down
on the game and say actually do believe
this actually do believe that there's a
God but are you gonna put skin down on a
game on any alternate that you actually
believe no in terms of being able to
establish any sort of like absolute
truth about the universe no I'm very
uncomfortable with that so Willie
Oh God so really it just for the
structure point of
because I put down something that I do
believe in God that's the only thing we
can really debate I don't want to debate
what you don't believe I mean you don't
believe in God I'm saying there is a God
so I don't have to book go into all
those other bubble universes rubberband
universe steady state theory multiverse
aliens brain-in-a-vat which you brought
up because that's not really what you
believe the only you do believe right
now is that there is no God
yeah I don't know if I would say there
is no god but if there is one I don't
think we can have knowledge about that
God if there is one
so you doubt my knowledge of God yeah I
don't think you've I don't think you've
demonstrated that either deductively or
through any other type of reason I don't
think you've demonstrated that okay
could I know that there's a God if even
if I can't deduct aleady Minh straight
it I how in what ways would you know
like something granted to you via yeah
that would be one example I don't know
any divine revelation so I'm not going
to argue that either because I don't I
don't claim to have heard the voice so
to speak but hypothetically that would
be on the thing is it possible that
there's a supernatural God and you
couldn't know him and he gave me a
supernatural to talk could I know it
directly that way that would be a
possibility yeah I don't think I would
believe it if I heard it from one person
I think there would be more likely that
it was some sort of mental illness but
that is possible yeah I have two
arguments that go down that path okay
one of them is I do believe in the Holy
Spirit the third part of the Trinity
that I do believe he does communicate to
me in some way and that he convicts me
of sin let's say and I and I and so I'm
saying that is a more plausible
explanation than say the illusion of
morality or that I evolved to become
moral my sense is that it's probably the
Holy Spirit that's one argument my
second argument is that I do but while I
haven't heard God's voice I believe I
know him or I should say I believe he
knows me and I can't explain that I like
I haven't been given physical you know
he hasn't come and talked to me or
anything but my sense is that he knows
me and I know him okay let's dig it what
we can't really discuss a second one
right because you're talking about some
personal
variance that is inside inside to you I
can't we can't really discuss that right
so yeah I mean we can but but but can I
put it in a category Steven I don't want
to run you down this goose this wild
goose chase but it's very similar to the
way that I love my wife or say the way
that I love the ideal of beauty I can't
physically point to you Oh beauty it's
right there in that box and it's
empirical and we can see it weigh it
taste it touch it I know how much it
weighs I can't do that it's like it's
immaterial I've never met Beauty
face-to-face but I know it's my senses I
know it's there that's a platonic a
Plato argument the idea of ideals he
claims there's no there's never been a
perfect circle we can imagine a perfect
circle he's talking about ideals though
there's never been a perfect act we can
imagine a perfect cat and so I'm only
saying like just is there such a thing
as perfect circle mnestheus
I believe in the same category as God
you wouldn't be able to weigh it I
couldn't prove it to you right those are
things that I can't prove to you but I
think you and I would sense it there
there yeah I mean I kind of I understand
what you're saying but like if I were to
imagine you if I were to ask you to
imagine like the like the perfect form
of like a gazorpazorp right I don't
think you could do it because that is
meaningless to you and it's meaningless
I would make up a gazorpazorp in my head
so I feel like usually when we check out
ideal forms or universal forms usually
we have particulars that we can kind of
reference to it's to establish something
so if we talk about like the perfect
universal form of a chair I can give you
several examples of a chair and then we
can kind of build this category in our
head I don't think we can do the same
with God like there is no he's a one of
a kind there's nothing to compare them
to other than if we're moral agents and
and I believe that we're uniquely moral
agents in a way that say animals and
plants are not the very sight I'd say
that we have a higher morality than them
we could well that's something we would
still have to establish because I don't
believe that either yeah what the first
part of your argument was that the Holy
Spirit communicates with you how is this
how is this an argument that you could
bring me along for how would I
ever know that it's that and not like
schizophrenia or something actually did
this already with Billy and Ben pie and
I totally failed so I said oh my god
well let me give you my example I'll ask
you the same question I said though I
don't know anything about you guys
really or anything about your past my
assumption would be that you've probably
done something in your past that makes
you feel guilty and no matter what you
do you can't make it go away like it is
it is deep-seated and I mean beyond
rationality like maybe you stole a piece
of candy when you were four and and and
I would I would think that if the Holy
Spirit is doing his job in them and in
you and I'll put it to you have you done
something in your life that makes you
feel guilty no matter how big or small
but it won't go away personally no but
what can I say it will say yes for the
sake of the argument no because if you
don't do it that I'm not gonna go to
hell no about oh yeah I mean I'm pretty
good at letting go the pass I don't have
things that I like that I carry it seems
and you basically and you basically you
basically counter what I'm coming up
with just in saying no I don't so I
can't I can't get into your head and say
yes you did I assume you did by the way
all three of you have various let's say
um let's say that I have there is
something I feel guilty about stealing a
piece of candy as a child do something
what would your next argument be so my
next argument would be there are
competing views right on why that
happens and one would be through all of
this breeding in our past that the the
animals that were more likely to feel
guilt were more likely to survive let's
say you know in this in our society
another story would be that there's an
actual moral agent that you have sinned
against and he sent his messenger to
convict your heart so that you would
turn to him
those are those are two competing
stories okay and and I'm saying I go
with the Holy Spirit one
because I think it makes more sense of
the world than the benefits say of
survival because I actually think if I
think of how to get my genes in the next
generation the the rate would be a
really good way to do it like you spread
your seed around you don't have to
really raise the kids and you're just
trying to get your world so I actually
think we'd be a lot more in moral than
we are giving even Darwin said the
nature was read and tooth and claw I
think would be much more murderous much
more cutthroat even though I know
there's evidence that we are I can
explain evil I can't explain the good
because the good it's very rare that you
see action necessary survival benefit
too good even societally and I don't
think mankind's been around long enough
even if you say he's been around for a
million years or whatever it just
doesn't seem like it would be enough
time for all of that DNA to mutate and
be put together into a construct in the
brain to cause us all to do things like
self-sacrifice or say our young military
before they're able to reproduce this
this morality that's in our genes causes
him to not think of reproducing but to
sacrifice his life for others so is that
a good counter-argument no I absolutely
don't think so there are two different
ways they're two different parts that
are addressed here so we kind of have
like an evolutionary psychology argument
which I hate but I'll defend it versus I
don't want to make you debate stuff that
you don't know I'm not a big fan of
evopsych for a variety of reasons but
I'll defend it here and then we kind of
have this other argument so so the
evopsych argument is that guilt is kind
of something that we are equipped with
because it makes us more in groups it
helps us survive better than not feeling
guilty and then on the flip side we have
this idea that there is some agent sent
by God or whatever that makes us that is
convicting us for a sin I guess we've
committed and wants to hold us
accountable so the reason why I like the
that the evopsych argument here is
because I think that we can demonstrate
more mechanisms that that kind of show
that the evopsych argument versus the
the strange God argument ignoring the
fact that the god argument carries with
it a ton of other claims that are either
impostor
to investigate or lead us down no-good
paths right like all the claims of
creationism or whatever other million
things been have to go to that if I look
at the evopsych side like it's pretty
it's pretty easy to see that people that
are in families tend to be happier they
tend to be healthier they tend to grow
up stronger they tend to grow more
social this idea that rape would be a
good way to kind of spread your genes I
think is a tad naive in terms of
understanding how like the social
structure of humans work like even you
know ten thousand years ago when you
were more primitive we worked in groups
and we seemed to work better in groups
humans have huge heads and giving birth
to a human child is a very laborious
process the mothers are oftentimes like
you know can die during childbirth there
is a ton of care that goes into human
children you know if you if you
juxtapose this with like kittens or dogs
that I I think are like walking after
like a day right like these things are
baby deer baby deer they walk with an
hour yeah yeah with hours right humans
need a much higher initial investment in
order to start so if you had like two
competing groups of humans and one was a
group of selfish rapists that were
trying to spread their genes and the
other one was a more pair-bonded happy
healthy family you know kind of human
group or even like social group doesn't
have to be like the the man woman and
then child it could be a group of people
taking care of children right the more
social group is probably going to have
their offspring surviving long enough to
reproduce as opposed to the rapist group
that would leave the mothers and
children to fend for themselves when the
children are capable of even walking for
you know a couple of years so yeah I
don't know if I buy that argument that
like well if it was about to the
evolution we'd be raping everybody I
think that the social structures we have
and and that social structure is
observable in other animals as well like
for instance wolves hunt in packs
there are prides of lions louis c.k said
animals basically just rape each other I
mean they don't ask for permission both
yeah I mean humans are a lot more social
than than other animals are like I think
that I want to say the female clitoris
is like I think that women and humans
are the only females that have sex for
pleasure I think I could be wrong about
but I feel like I've read that enough
that I hope it's true so I mean yeah
like humans are definitely socially
bonded a lot more than others but I mean
other groups like the big cats like
lions and stuff have like giant prides
and stuff where would they all take care
of each other
you know wolves have their giant pack so
whatever I'm sure there's tons of other
animals
move like schools of fish like there are
tons of those social groups down all
throughout the animal kingdom but you so
let me go into why would you say that
you're you said you don't believe in
psychological evolution no no well let
me I'm sorry let me be really careful
it's not that I don't believe in
evolutionary psychology it's that people
walk down a lot of really dumb roads I
just don't like yeah because you can
tell a lot of stories using evolutionary
psychology yeah yeah that's a lot of my
problem with it too but I'm only I only
want to point out here though that it's
strange to me or it's it's it's telling
to me that you find all of these other
worldviews and explanations for anything
from the creation of the world to the
reason why we might feel guilt
you'll entertain almost anything but I
but it seems like you have a chip on
your shoulder against the Holy Spirit so
that explanation sure so I understand so
your argument is kind of like well the
reason I'm so willing to entertain these
other things even though I don't
necessarily agree with them but I'm
writing off the Holy Spirit immediately
which shows that I'm engaging in some
sort of post hoc rationalization that
I'm like immediately bias against I'm
holy Rex wait I'm going farther than
that Steven I'm actually saying it seems
like if if these if only this narrow God
creation Christian Holy Spirit story is
the only one that you're really
passionate about rejecting I'm wondering
it a fact if it might actually be a tell
that there is a moral agent talking to
you because it's strange to me that
you'll you will casually entertain
arguments that you don't seem to really
believe and you don't really care about
but this one you really care about which
is how we act against agents that we
hate and that's how the Bible describes
non-believers I'm just saying it's weird
to me that it took that guess and seems
to be getting it right okay I mean I
can't I can't necessarily speak to that
part of your theology but when I look
for it so to be to very be very clear
when I say don't like evolutionary psych
it's because it's used in a lot of
really stupid ways and I would say the
same about like neuroscience where
somebody believes that they've seen one
part of the brain light up and all of a
sudden they've discovered some massive
and that's not to say that I think all
new
science is bad or that I think all
evolutionary psychology is bad I don't
have the education to say that I just I
hear a lot of those things being abused
in pretty stupid ways so I'm just I'm
careful I'm try to be careful of that
now that being said I guess what if I'm
trying to find stories that kind of tell
a good tale I would want these things to
interweave with as many underlying
mechanisms as possible so when I say an
underlying mechanism what I mean is like
like if we are if we have children that
are raised and like a good environment
something like they grow up to be like
happy and healthy we can actually look
at like physiological indications or
biological indications that these people
are growing up happier and healthier
right they don't cower in fear from
everybody they don't they're not
miserable or you know plagued with
disease or something you know something
like that so we're not abused or
destroyed or killed by their parents
these kinds of things so like if I see
children are raised in like a happy
healthy environment where if people work
together it causes them to be happier
now they sleep better right all these
other things fall in line um then these
are all like strong these are all like
strong biological indicators that point
towards a particular direction to me if
somebody tells me a story about like
well a god thing speaks to your heart
but I can't there's no single mechanism
that can ever demonstrate that happening
right there's no way that we can observe
that in a laboratory there's no way that
we can test that against anything we
can't even deductively reason that out
right yeah it would be stupid to pull
out a litmus test it would be stupid to
prod piece of litmus paper to try and
test for the Holy Spirit it's like you
wouldn't even it doesn't even fit in
that category of exploration sure it's
right yeah so my problem is you could
weave me any tale there and I would have
to entertain all of them simultaneously
and give all of them the same level of
credence if there's no way that we can
ever like assess the validity of any of
these claims okay but can I counter that
argument real quick that you make yeah
about that it is hardwired NSA to be
happy when children are raised right and
to flourish as a group and to flourish
in marriage and to not be rape you so
much because because how do you explain
then if this is so deeply wired in us
that is it is actually so deeply wired
earnest to be social and and community
building and good even more deeply wired
than to be all rapey to get our genes
into the next generation how do you
explain why our world in our country and
our friends and our peers our most
family split up most boys in America are
raised without their biological dad so
what if that programming is the deepest
thing that literally made us survive and
get us here it doesn't appear to be so
hardwired yet men smacking women around
you do have men going around raping you
have people raping dolphins you have
children abandoned and ruined in life so
where is the hard programming when it's
only happening in such a small
percentage of people
isn't that a counter-argument I'm saying
that is far more common to pretty
Ventoux not work than to work so just
because something might be hardwired
into us biologically nothing is truly
hard hardwired into us
biologically so we have certain
biological mind destiny Stephen okay so
hardwired or not so okay so this so when
we start talking about this is gets very
very very complicated okay we have so we
have genes right we've got genes that
express themselves but they only express
themselves in an environment a gene
without an environment does not exist
there is no such thing as a gene that
codes for blue eyes if you don't feed
like the the fetus right like it'll just
die right so these you need some level
of social interaction you need some
level of interaction with your parents
right there are all these stages you
have to go through in order to grow up
into a functional person right so genes
so this idea that there is like this
strict dichotomy of nature versus
nurture that's an illusion right genes
always express themselves in an
environment so even if something is
hardwired into us to some level
societally our society has become so
complicated that it isn't it is easily
possible to conceive that some of these
hardwired things have been overridden
quite a bit right like if we talk about
something like like polyamory right like
people probably slept around a lot more
growing up or I say growing up I'm sorry
like 10,000 years ago like at an earlier
man yeah earlier human history we're
probably a lot more polyamorous I've
heard arguments back and forth on that
but say we were it's totally possible
now that we live in a society where
monogamy is encouraged and were pushed
towards that so much that that becomes
something that
you know we're used to you know it's
awfully if that's in I'm sorry do you
believe that's in the genes that
hardwired from the time that we went
polyamorous to the time that we're
monogamous do you believe that's a gene
genetic programming thing because you're
saying there's pressures for us to do
that is that social something we made up
or is that something hardwired in the
genes I guess you know there's no way
that we could have evolved that fast
well so to have gone from its it's like
a it's like a gene it's like a gene
environment gene environment like you
could recursively like do this forever
like like let's say like like so it
sounds like I'm weaseling out of this
but it really is so complicated let's
say that when you smell a certain smell
let's say that when you smell a perfume
let's say you get sexually excited and I
would ask you is that by litter that
literally happens yeah sure so if I
would ask you that's biological or
environmental well the answer to that is
really complicated in one sense I mean
my dick is getting hard it's biological
I want to [ __ ] something but it's kind
of environmental because the only way
the only reason you associate that smell
with a woman is because you smell the
woman right and then you have sex with a
woman
assuming right so you associate and
sometimes they actually put pheromones
in for which you do not have a choice
for what the pheromones do to you
pheromone but but let's ignoring like
pheromones right you can see that you
can associate like certain scents with
like certain types of things or with
like food right Pavlovian responses
right if you smell or if you hear a bell
ringing you start to salivate right is
that environmental or is that biological
well it's environmental because you're
hearing a bell okay but the only reason
the Bell makes you salivate is because
you've had the biological sensation like
eating the food right so like this idea
of like biology versus like environment
is they're very very heavily interwoven
together so I don't know if I
necessarily would say like we have the
genes that evolved us to have people
that play video games professionally but
it is totally possible that through a
very complicated an alga Meishan of
environmental factors we have genes that
gave us very dexterous fingers and then
we had social pressures that you know
gave us a society or did eventually led
sure dating a computer right and all of
that yeah sure well that's all I got
okay all right the end of the day real
real quick like the thing that I come to
look for is like I like the structure of
so
what science does is science seeks to
science will never answer why
unfortunately I don't ever give us like
a purpose but science kind of tries to
put together a picture of things that
are of things that happen and I like the
idea of piecing together like this
happens and this happens and if you do
this then this happens and that's kind
of what science does when you start to
introduce kind of like these strange
religious claims and that don't really
fit into any of the established picture
but only stand on their own or in
conjunction with other religious
pictures I feel like those muddy the
waters a lot and I don't like that those
claims are presented with with no real
hard testable verifiable evidence and
then I yeah oh I I don't think it's hard
and testable but I think it is common
sense that it that it does make a good
case so I don't think it's strange and I
don't think it's odd that we would say
that everything that we know of came
from an adequate cause and that we have
minds in consciousness and it probably
came from a conscious mind should we
have good and evil and therefore there's
probably something good and evil at
stake maybe I actually wanted I would
take oh sorry I'm sorry I real quick I
just the word common sense is kind of
like one of my triggers that's that's a
hard question begging the question right
like if you say Goodman sense you're
already assuming that it's something
that everybody should know right it no
I'm saying everyone does everyone
already acts on it so it already is
literally common that people are tend to
be more religious than not it is it is
literally common okay it is common sense
that people tend to I mean that's that's
Dawkins even says that like that we you
know we we have a huge capacity in our
brain to create religion yeah I would
caution you with that though because
most religious people are Muslims right
so that would at that point to you well
know Christians Christians are still
number one but that I'm not me I would
never make a case by sheer numbers I'm
only saying the way it's trending it
won't be Christians I mean if it
continues to trend the way it is correct
I that's the thing is I really don't
know and I don't think I think the
populations of them of the Muslim world
are growing at a rate where they will
overtake Christianity eventually we can
only stop abortion Christianity will
come back up I did want to correct I
wanted to move on to the next topic and
it is kind of related to what you guys
are just talking about before we do that
I want to remind everyone if you send in
super chancellor stream labs I'll read
them at the end of this next topic that
we do here
and please if you can feel free to like
the stream and share it on your social
media so part two is kind of related to
what you guys were talking about as far
as I understand Doug you you are a
evolution denier right yes okay and I
know neither of you are scientist but
I'm wondering you know in with with your
best understanding of what evolution is
if you could tell us Doug why you don't
accept the theory of evolution I'm
without even asking destiny I'm pretty
sure he does yeah I'll start I'm a soft
denier but um and and and my faith does
not hinge around us I'm gonna get around
that first two I do believe that you
that if I found out evolution was
absolutely true it wouldn't affect my
faith whatsoever that I my reasons
against it is
I read evolution for the last 20 I'd say
at least 25 years probably thirty years
and I try to read every published
journal article I can find on I read
articles on it and and I think most
people accept it the same way that Steve
would probably say the way that we
accept Christianity is I just think it's
just a cultural cultural jam down and a
cultural thing that we're stood in so
I'm gonna make his argument here we are
so stood in the idea of evolution in our
society that it makes it far more
appealing to a point that though none of
us are scientists or in fact most people
in your chat might be not be scientists
you can find all kinds of ignorant
people who who find it a compelling
story whether if they have good evidence
for it or not so I'm not gonna I don't
want to go into the pop the popularity
of it I'm only saying that whether if
whether if it's a sound doctrine or not
a whole ton of people believe in it and
I don't think most people can give good
good reasons for from the evolutionary
stuff that I read they're not saying
what the scientists are actually saying
about it evolution is a theory you are
not obliged to believe and it is it is a
theory that like many of things Stephen
said apparently cannot be proven in a
lab and has not been proven in a lab or
it would become much more than a theory
it's not proven and no one says it's
proven
so I'm sitting here trying to argue
against something that no one even
believes it's proven the best
evolutionary scientists don't believe
it's proven they believe there's
evidence for it which are two different
things
I I'll give one example of why I don't
believe it is I don't think there's
enough time in the world even if you
believe in an Old Earth creation of the
you know the universe has been here for
hundreds of billions of years and I get
this from a lot of atheistic scientists
that there isn't enough time in the
world to account for the diversity of
animals in our world particularly as
what's found in the fossil record of the
you know the Cambrian explosion
Precambrian era explosion there's such a
huge diversity of animals you know about
99% of the animals have all gone extinct
like if you think we have a lot of
animals now it's nothing compared to
what once was there was not enough time
in the world for these animals to
reproduce and kick along and create
those animals that is that's my own
sense you look at us as human beings
you know five thousand years ago we were
all gathering grain and now our minds
pass to the internet going through tubes
of the world's libraries nothing like
grabbing grains
it's strange to me that our mind is
always so advanced no matter where you
see human beings their minds are
advanced way beyond where they would
have evolved to the earliest forms of
human beings that we've seen there's two
things that we that are characteristic
is that one of them is that he has tools
in the case of caves of Lascaux which is
one of the earliest higher formed human
beings that we see we know that he is
one artist because he drew on cave walls
too that he was religious because they
are considered religious votive figures
so the looks to me like mankind has
always been religious artists which is
what I am I go all the way back
I think evolution tries to get around
[ __ ] Genesis and I'm always suspect to
that because that just once you give
them everything then they'll just take
it from there
and the idea that non matter can become
life is
very difficult for me to believe in that
nonmatter through purely natural
physical cause-and-effect
can assemble itself into incredibly
complex proteins that are so far beyond
what mere cause and effect I believe
could account for it's very difficult
for me to believe that so it can't not
only can it be DNA and proteins it has
to be in a structure that can reproduce
and pass its likeness on to the next
generation and be able to create
information and get more complex over
time so go back to the single-celled
even before the single-celled organism
you can't get a single cell from a
prebiotic soup that's just that you get
a lot of stories and a lot of stuff I've
looked for the science they're still
trying to prove it and anytime someone
claims to have proved it it's always
negated the next year and so it requires
a lot of faith and I don't I don't feel
like I have to exercise I'm a skeptic
like Steven I'm a skeptic I'm just a
skeptic about evolution also all right
yeah I mean like so evolution the theory
of evolution I think is the theory that
seeks to explain like how life became as
complicated and diversified as that
exists today I mean like we we kind of
just got was like a really long kind of
a god of the gaps argument I mean like
we can kind of run through here point by
point I'm not I did not bring up God
though I said there were gaps yes
there's a God of gaps
I said gaps sure it just it feels sorry
for interrupting yeah no that's fine
if I ever say anything you disagree in a
row me immediately it's totally fine oh
you'll never find me um I guess like
every time I hear you say something like
well we don't know this thing I mean I'm
not gonna sit here and tell you I know
the answer to everything or that
biologists know the answer to everything
I mean it's true that we don't know a
lot of things I just I I'm hesitant to
rush to use God to explain anything that
we don't absolutely have the answer 100%
to now
I mean insofar as a biogenesis I don't
know if we've ever demonstrated life
from non-life there might be experiments
at through it I do know that like when
meteorites crash land on the planet like
even those meteorites have amino acids
on them I mean I don't think it's
entirely inconceivable that life can
come from
life actually I don't even like that
sentence because the way that we define
life in and of itself is kind of
arbitrary right if you're if you believe
in a physical world I mean what is life
versus non life like is a rock living I
mean we say no that science will tell
you a rock is not live well science
can't tell you that it has to be
philosophy right how we define life
that's a that's a philosophical
assertion that said norm but if you but
if you philosophically settle rock was
living I mean come on well sure but how
about something like a virus something
that hijacks something else and uses it
to reproduce is that considered living
and meet some criteria but not other
criteria right so so like that like I
think I'm pretty sure like we don't
consider amino acids living but when
they come together and it's complicated
enough life like you know I've got I've
seen like the there's like a nature
report where there's like an observed
evolution of a single-cell algae
evolving into a multicellular organism
over the course of 50 weeks because they
introduced like a predator into the
environment that this thing exists and
so I mean and then I know [ __ ] nod oh my
god on the evolution guy not [ __ ]
Dawkins he said that and that's the name
Janet are you talking about Lawrence
Krauss I can't remember it off the top
of my head Oh [ __ ] Darwin [ __ ] yeah
didn't that guy yeah that guy that guy
not Dawkins I talk is missing around but
like I'm pretty sure that we've observed
over history like slight changes like in
populations of animals well not over
time like adapting to different
circumstances and whatnot sure so I mean
it's not entirely inconceivable that
genes change over time that different
species are created that are more
adapted to an environment after random
selection or natural selection I could
say happens that acts on random
mutations exciting cetera
I mean all life on this planet seems to
share like a lot of similarities in
terms of like genetic structure and
makeup I mean if you look like the fetus
of like a cat and a pig in a human they
all look pretty [ __ ] similar and so
you know six weeks in or whatever but
isn't that a evolution of the gaps you
said it seems and so you're filling in
with philosophy what the data doesn't
show the data hasn't demonstrated or no
I shouldn't use the word it seems I mean
we do share we absolutely share a ton of
similarity genetically with what do you
mean no
did I I don't buy that I don't buy that
it's well part don't you buy that we
don't have a lot of similarity
genetically with other life on the
planet yeah I mean so in science there's
this thing where correlation does not
equal causation so because something is
like something is not proof that it was
caused that's that's science I'm I hold
science to its own rules to be able to
get around evolution so you have no
right to intuit that just because we
have a likeness of DNA say with a daisy
you know 60% likeness because I would
just say well you know I paint five
different characters and they look like
the same style that it could very well
be arguing for a creator as much as it
is a cause and effect in evolution still
you still can't observe it you can't I
do by the way I believe everything that
you've said it's demonstrable I believe
in so yes a C's changing over time or
adapting their environment totally
believe in it you know God even
convinced me on that but you know that
is not the Origin of Species well it
hasn't been demonstrated yeah so nothing
that you just said disagrees with me so
what I was saying was that we share I
said we seen but we share a large
genetic similarity with everything else
that exists on this planet such that it
no this is the where I'll say it seems
like we originated from chrome common
points it seems to be the case for you
to say well that could be evidence of a
creator creating us with some common
point I'm sure but in that case then we
both still agree with the theory of
evolution the difference is you're
saying you're kind of going with the
clockwork the clockmaker argument where
God started evolution at the beginning
and I'm merely saying I don't know where
it started from where it started from
natural cause I don't even have reason
to believe that in the clockwork theory
of evolution of the God started it
evolved I don't even have enough
evidence for that Sheriff's I'm saying
if we both agree that we share a large
similarity with other life on the earth
and we agree that it can kind of
differentiate via natural selection then
we both agree with the theory of
evolution we just don't know where like
started like I don't think the theory of
evolution necessarily claims to know
like the origins of life it's more like
a descriptor for how life kind of
changes over over time well I don't
believe and I don't think I have an
obligation to believe anything about
evolution I I do believe that we say we
have common molecules with rocks it does
not demand that I've
that were related well here's a question
do you believe that like two parents
with blue eyes are more likely to give
birth to a child with blue eyes instead
of a child with brown eyes yes but
that's not that is not that is not
creating information through purely
natural means the information is already
there in both parents to create either
those blue eyes or those brown eyes okay
well a blind child sure do you think
that if you don't take a full round of
antibiotics do you believe that certain
antibiotic resistant bacteria has a
higher likelihood of surviving and
reproducing more bacteria that are
resistant to antibiotics
absolutely but but all in the hundreds
of cases where we thousands of cases
where we see bacteria mutating and
changing there's always a deleterious
thing that is happening to the cell that
is it is breaking down to gain that
mutation is actually becoming a weaker
form of a virus even though it's strong
in this one area that's very important
be able to get around a to be able to
get around a vaccine it weakens itself
in another way so for instance the
malaria virus you know if someone gets
the malaria virus they're more likely to
be resistant to AIDS but there are 10
times more likely to get sickle cell
anemia they found this is Michael Bay
Hughes work and what they find is that
the cell even so even though you catch
the cell in fine you have avoided AIDS
but now you're more susceptible to
sickle cell anemia more information was
not created for your body to be able to
mutate and get around the AIDS virus it
did not gain information it broke
something in the cell and we know from
cause-and-effect by just looking at
normal inertia that's generally the way
that mature that materials work in the
world is that things tend to break down
they do not gain information so I'm
saying what is the story for how we gain
information from a single cell to
something more complicated we don't see
me you don't see mutations if finding
what you mean by information because I
don't I'm not very clear on it and I
don't think it's clear to everybody here
there I would say that that if you if
you just compare a single cell to a
human being there's more information in
a human being
than a single-celled organism we're more
complicated
that's empirical it's true we're more
complicated human beings with all of our
cell and all of our abilities and all of
our stuff are more complicated than a
single-cell organism so those so that's
you have a single-celled organism which
is where we claim to have come from a
single-celled organism we came from a
single-celled one that became a multi
cell that became a trilobite that became
a squid that became it's a da da da
walked up on land that uh you know I
mean each one of those stages every
single stage of evolution which has not
been demonstrated claims DNA your DNA
gains information that is not
empirically shown anywhere even though
according to evolutionists that's all
we've ever done it ought to be happening
everywhere you got to be gaining
information at the DNA level because
that's we ought to be really good at it
by now because went from a single cell
to a human being and it's strange how
little they see of information being
gained instead what they see are
mutations overall lesser things and
things getting chopped off and shipped
off and degrading over time is what we
see I mean like you would have to bring
on like like a microbiologist to examine
like I know the gist of how like
evolution works I mean like the claim
that an evolutionary or that that
evolution makes was that you basically
take an organism and through small
adaptations over long periods of time
eventually these things will become so
genetically divergent that you've
created a new species or whatever other
bridge but I mean I can't explain the
exact like underlying sure for how that
happens i I wish that I could I feel I
feel kind of that now explain yet you
believe it well I mean I also can't
explain like how like a combustion
engine works but I Drive my car every
day I think well well and I can't
explain how the Holy Spirit works either
so I don't I have as much hard evidence
for the Holy Spirit as I do for
evolution well but if you reject one of
those and I reject one of well but the
difference is that the framework that
gives us evolution also gives us things
like medicine the framework that gives
us religions not true understanding of
biology and everything what do you mean
no it's not true we we had medicine
before biology sure and biology and our
understanding of biology has given us
more effective medicines and medications
course yeah I agree I agree but but that
doesn't but that doesn't tell us that
that is not an argument for evolution
well no but it's an argument that points
that evolution is probably making
stronger descriptions or more accurate
description probably probably yes
because I'm being very careful of my
words because I could be wrong I could
be there but what I would say is that
but I'm gonna use probably in a stronger
sense than I would for your religious
framework right what I would say is that
the fact that because I'm also
scientific anti-realist but we won't go
there right but I would say that the
fact that biology are a greater
understanding of biology that led us to
protect right yeah so what I'm gonna say
to the fact that biology is biology of
fact it's a collection of statements
that we believe to be true facts yeah
I'd rather that that's better
okay I should say that's more true okay
I'll try to be more clear so well wait I
didn't get to my FAC yet actually I'm
sorry I'm sorry
that's okay that's okay the fact that
biology the greater understanding of
biology has allowed us to create more
effective medicines or things like
vaccinations seems to point to the idea
that biology is giving us a more
accurate underlying description of what
is true or what is a physical reality or
a physical yeah a physical reality of
the world as opposed to religious
frameworks that didn't seem to produce
those effects right so for instance so
I'm just to make this clear if I can
investigate two different ideas one is
biology and one is religion
investigating that religious pathway
doesn't seem to turn out very many good
empirical Vout do too much empirical
value for the world in terms of like
producing medication or whatever but if
murder is wrong no but studying things
like biology does it seems like that did
give us a greater understanding of
medication and stuff like that so it
seems like biology is making better
descriptions of hopefully what is
actually physical real physically real
oh sorry okay there you go I think well
I don't have any problem with anything
demonstrated in biology I believe you
know I do because it seems like you'd
make a great great issue with the theory
of evolution which I think I'm pretty
sure every single scientist that studies
biology is going to agree on that's not
that's not true like 99.99% not it's not
that high either and a lot of the a lot
of the anti-evolutionists guys that I
read or atheists
okay and my understanding of it the
widespread scientific consensus now
there might be like a PhD of like of
physics or some other non biology
discipline that believes something else
like a petroleum engineer but people
that actually study biology are
overwhelmingly in support or if they're
not in support of the theory of
evolution and their critiques of it are
very nuanced and very finite and don't
point to like holier explanations for
the source of life that's my isn't
appeal is an appeal to a group of
experts like scientists authoritative
sure yeah okay well scientists called
doctors overwhelmingly believe in God
and Jesus Christ so so given their
authorities on the human body does that
lend any credibility to their statement
because of the scientists you know I
still think they have to demonstrate
their their work in just a whole body of
them I don't buy it do you buy doctors
so you said that the majority of
scientists believe in God or Jesus
Christ we're not talking about God or
Jesus Christ were talking about
evolution right now I know but I'm using
an appeal to Authority to see if it will
convince you because I'm not convinced
by your appeal of authority be convinced
by Authority so I'm saying do you are
you are you convinced by that appeal to
authority of these people to go to seven
years of med school know the human body
better than you and I'm probably even
most scientists and they believe in God
and Jesus Christ their authority no I
would say you're using a fallacious
appeal to Authority so mine's fallacious
and yours real I would say all appeals
to Authority are fallacious I don't
necessarily think you'd say that so the
reason why it might appeal to Authority
is well wait wait wait wait when saut
went out when scientists when Pangaea
was first discovered a scientists fluid
up the flagpole and the overwhelming
scientific authorities said it was false
for a hundred years they rejected
Pangaea sure okay wait so let me go back
real quick and explain this so a
fallacious appeal to authority is when
you appeal to an authority figure in in
lieu of providing evidence or when you
appeal to an authority figure that
exists outside of that area of expertise
so for instance right let's say that I
say oh you know my friend is the best
janitor in the whole state he's gonna
give me financial advice that's a
fallacious appeal to Authority now
somebody says what should I do with my
kitchen sink and I tell them oh well my
janitor friend said this he's the best
Jan of the state that's not a fallacious
appeal to Authority so when I talk about
a collector if I talk about like the
bite this the scientific consensus
amongst biologists on the theory of
evolution that's among evolutionary
biologists also sure that's I don't
believe that's a fallacious appeal to
Authority when I say this is what they
believe in now it wasn't a confirmation
bias because if I quoted a bunch of
creationist biologists they would say
there's no evidence for evolution still
biologists yeah but they're gonna be
very fringe like it's not gonna be the
academic consensus no you have to define
fringe though you just mean they
disagree with the majority just like the
guy who believed in Pangaea I don't or
the Big Bang Theory which was which was
initially rejected a Big Bang Theory
discovered by a priest it was usually
rejected by science so I don't think um
I don't think the evidence that we have
for the theory of evolution is going to
be on par with the evidence that we have
for Pangaea this is you ever watch It's
Always Sunny in Philadelphia yeah so
you're making the argument that Mac
makes like where science is a liar
sometimes like just because science has
been incorrect in some parts of history
doesn't mean that all scientific claims
have the same level of validity as every
scientific claim that's ever been made I
mean at one point scientists and doctors
said that we should drink mercury to
cure ourselves that doesn't mean that
when a doctor tells me that a flu shot
is gonna huh me against the flu I'm
gonna say well you also told me to drink
mercury two hundred years ago so you
know it's like get out of here you know
like I'm not gonna say that because that
would be incredibly what my point is
while they're telling you to drink
mercury you can't tell the difference
between the good scientists and the bad
ones so appealed authorities appeals to
Authority or dangerous well I mean the
alternative to an appeal to Authority is
that I would have to investigate every
single matter on my own which I can't do
as a human
I can't investigate whether or not the
building I'm in is going to collapse
right now I can't investigate at the
computer I'm using as a bomb and it's
going to explode if my car's engine is
going to explode if a store that I go to
it's like you have to rely on
authorities around you our our
civilization is just too complicated not
to is is Origin of Species or the the
beginning of life or if there's a god or
not is that a philosophical expertise or
is that a scientific expertise whether
if there's a God or not well for those
things we would have to depend on the
particular topic but right now we were
discussing the discussing the theory of
evolution and I believe that's like a
heavily academic
I don't think there's much room for
philosophy because we're just making a
bunch of descriptive or value claims
that are non moral about how life works
like in terms of how do you explain that
a majority of scientists claim they see
the appearance of design in the physical
world
there there's appearance of design in
life the majority of scientists are
[ __ ] horrible when it comes to
anything having to do with philosophy so
I would just laugh it off and say okay
that's great I mean like when we look to
science we look for descriptive claims
philosophy we leave to the philosophers
because most scientists are horrible at
it because anything outside of stem
blows their mind so yeah but I mean it
wouldn't surprise me if a lot of a lot
of science is sort of said it's very
easy to fall into those types of traps
where if something looks like it works
then it must have been designed to work
that particular way and it's impossible
to think that it could have worked in
any other way but that's just kind of
like a that's like a circular trap
that's very easy to fall into but no I
don't look to scientist for philosophy I
would look to a philosopher for
philosophy sure enough all right and I
think we're gonna move on to the next
topic in just a moment here I'm just
gonna read through some of the super
chances stream labs that came through
quick reminder guys if this is your
first time watching us welcome hit the
subscribe button and the like button and
if you you might want to make sure
you're still subscribed because
sometimes you to fall off how'd it
matter yeah yeah mr. blue $2 do you love
black people I think he already answered
that though I do always watching gave us
$10 I've watched all four years this is
my first time being able to donate take
it you're scammers thank Amy midnight $5
Doug do starving children exist then
please explain we have this we have this
creationist Christian guy that comes on
and doubts even the existence of
starving children he says I'll give you
what you need if you seek it so I'm
Payton gave us $20 pipe down and have no
fear I'm baton is here perhaps one day I
can come on the stream and learn you all
some science
I love earthworm jim but if the God of
the Bible were real he's a [ __ ] piece
of [ __ ] thankfully he's no more so than
Thor I
Thor Gables $5 I just want to say I'm
finally taking the time to watch this
one live see you guys around
yeah thanks Jay bowls tables a local guy
here another one from Jay bowls I just
want to say hi I'm finally taking the
time I don't know he give us another one
I just had the information argument with
my mom last weekend it's not that more
information is gained or information is
lost the the minor changes that build up
to what appears to be a gain of
information or a massive change I'm
baiting $20 Billy I saw your face
humanity currently accepts over 5,000
God's choosing one is probably better
odds than roulette just kidding there's
no God we're all just afraid to die I
have an original Sega Genesis and
earthworm jim my people my Jim people I
made him for you for my non-believing
friends I made them so as far as I
understand
I believe Doug you would consider
yourself a conservative correct
absolutely yeah okay and destiny I've
heard him describe himself as more
liberal than most would you say that's
fairly accurate welcome with the temper
aggressive it's probably good
progressive okay all right so first
thing I wanted to start with and we can
let destiny start here what's your
overall feeling about Trump's
performance as president and topics
related to it like the wall the Muller
investigation North Korea and whatever
else you can think of how would you rate
him as a president so far
when you say rate him like how do I like
him or has he been good and getting his
policies past time Oh in terms of like
how I like him I mean I think he's
horrible I'm very big for whatever
reason I still hung up on the idea of
like liberalism you know individual
freedoms and all that and I think Trump
pushes us in a very scary kind of
totalitarian slash maybe fascist
direction and I'm very much a postive
that kind of stuff all right this point
you guys yeah you guys are just better
going back and forth I'm just throwing
out the time or her feel free to just
and and can I can i plug my show oh
absolutely and links in the description
for both oh nevermind nevermind it's in
the description oh yeah I got a bunch of
your your audience came over to my fans
and it bumped up my my subscribers I'm
trying over 10,000 so thank you guys I'm
a I'm a philosophically I'm a
conservative because I believe there is
there are true things worth conserving
more true things worth conserving then
there are bad things that we believe
that need we need to be liberated from
so I while I there are I have liberal
tendencies I lean toward conservatism as
far as yeah yeah Trump as far as Trump
goes I think he's a terrible man and a
fantastic president so I and I mean a
foul awful man so I don't have to go
down his list of sins
I think he's terrible but I think if we
look in the past among all of our
presidents most of them have been
terrible men most of them screwed other
women cheated on their wives told lies
took money manipulated people
scandalously so apart there were
opponents of what makes him a fantastic
president fantastic president is that's
where if you remove all of the if I
remove all of my emotions aside and just
say what has he done what has he done
has he done has he taken care of the
Republic are we doing good economically
I can't imagine it going better I think
we have more prosperity and in fact all
of your super chatters and the guys that
are paying in are proof of it that we
have more expendable income where we get
to spend on entertainment for people we
love then we ever had before and so you
and you have people able to live their
lives almost entirely online and just
play hours and hours of video games
instead of going into a coal mine and
have to work for there just to get food
we have so many calories that brother
Billy here is gonna die from too many
calories and so he's been shedding them
like crazy
Evan are impoverished have have the
highest obesity rate in
history our impoverished people have
highest rate of obesity and diabetes
so I'm saying just purely from a human
flourishing stand but black unemployment
is lower than its been since since
recorded history I mean probably since
the 1950s I believe I'm saying it is
Trump doing good with our society I mean
I'm saying all things being equal yes
obviously doesn't take away the 22
trillion dollar debt and all these other
you know problems I have with the man
and the lies that he's told and stuff
like that but overall if we show up in
2020 and everyone still gets to vote he
apparently wasn't that totalitarian and
I and I do believe our republic is
secured so long as the Constitution is
in place and we survive the last
president I survived Obama I thought he
was a dick I survived bush and he was
so-so
and even though I like the guy
personally he's a hero of mine I'm just
saying if we all get to vote again we
have the Constitution in place America's
clicking along then when you get you
know asked for your vote I think it's a
great case for trunk as far as him not
being a unmitigated disaster or
Hitlerian or totalitarian or whatever if
he runs for a third term yeah I'll
change my opinion I think he I know that
Stephen just said that he really is a
fan of freedom that's why he's a liberal
but I believe you'll find far more
freedoms over on the conservative side
it is the conservative side conservative
side that want to keep the internet open
and it's the Liberals at Twitter that
that say put me on suspension the other
day for saying there were only two
genders they don't respect freedom of
speech it's always the liberals that go
hunting for other people looking for who
they candy platform or unemploy because
of their belief system I think we're
farce
I think liberals do far better in a
conservative world than conservatives do
in the liberal world overall I think I
think and that's because we actually are
for freedom I think actually liberals
and and progressives and leftists are
actually will live in a freer world in a
conservative world than conservatives
will in a progressive
country so we're actually more liberal
than the progressives are if you want if
you want a better home for you come over
to the conservative side because we
actually believe in protecting your
freedom of speech go ahead one thing I
do want to point out before destiny
gives his take on this is actually
destiny I believe has a lifetime Twitter
ban right then you then you beat me on
that because it means you have bigger
balls though I'm trying I'm trying hard
Steven okay I keep saying there's two
genders and I'm waiting for the lifetime
ban on the next one I've often been
mistaken for at least three genders
because of your cup size they go CDs I
I'm not even sure where to start we I
mean the easiest one is the Internet
freedom one sure so do you think that
private platforms like Twitter should be
allowed to permanently ban people for
any reason for their platform or now
that's a that's a real good question and
I know the trappings on both sides of
that and I don't know what I believe
that I only know that I want one
standard for all businesses should I
want to buckle them all into that
centered no matter what we choose so
it's either you have the freedom to
associate into business with whoever you
want you can throw out whoever you want
or you have to serve everybody no matter
what yet Alex Jones or David Duke or a
homosexual couple or whatever I would
prefer that because I'm more into
freedom I'd rather have a platform that
every once in a while was abused by
racists and probably pedophiles and who
knows what else then then trusting a
state to come in and start locking
everything down and picking and choosing
who's being hurtful to who I don't trust
the government and I'm suspicious of
collections of power sure so let's say
that you were a private company and
let's say that you paid for your own
server farm so you have your own house
area you've got servers in there your
hosting content and some people are
posting stuff that you just didn't want
on your site and you wanted to remove it
and then the state stepped in and said
no we are going to force you to host
everybody else's content do you think
that's more freedom of speech than
allowing you to do what you want with
your private business that's way less I
do not trust the internet in the
governor
hands I'm for limited government the
less I can put them in charge of the
better so in principle I would not I
don't want to build a government big
enough to make everything fair well then
how come you can force these standards
that you want on companies like Twitter
and tell them not to ban anybody if I
you know what might my position Stephen
usually is and I get a lot of flack from
this from my my Trumpy friends as I say
I hope a conservative competitor will
come up and build their own server farms
and build their own Twitter and build
their own Facebook I believe in I really
do believe in free market as a better
solution choice I might the double
standard that I'm getting at here is
when you say that Twitter banning people
is against the freedom of speech that's
actually Twitter exercising the speech
as a private company you're allowed to
yes we agree we agree I was being sloppy
in my words oh sure okay yes I didn't
mean the constitutional freedom of
speech I meant that I
I do think that in principle for
instance once we constitutionally say
that everyone has civil rights then it
thought that cultural acceptance ends up
being what provides the energy for the
Supreme Court to go in and create the
Civil Rights Act in 1964 so the
government steps in once once culture
kind of starts providing some arguments
and some permission for it and I'm
hoping that when I but my point is that
in principle even though I can't we
can't constitutionally say that Twitter
is the government and not to recognize
free speech I do believe that we all
generally value the principle of freedom
of speech and ought to there it's not as
simple as like when you say like a
private company shouldn't be allowed to
ban anyone the reverse of that is you're
saying they should be forced to host any
content posted on their site that's not
a very clear-cut like freedom of speech
thing that's a that's a dichotomy though
it's a false dichotomy because just
because I'm saying they shouldn't that's
a moral word doesn't mean I want to
erect a government over them to force
them
I still say morally okay they should
allow you John Twitter okay let's back
up and refocus on so that cuz it felt
like we were talking about like the
United States and the role of the
government and
when I've kind of pushed on this now
we've backed up into like a more Wiggly
moral area so do we want to talk about
like I guess like the principle okay
sure so do we want to talk about like
moral principles they're gonna hear
about legal or constitutional principles
either ones fine with me we should stick
to government we're gonna do
conservative versus liberal politics
okay sure yeah when we're talking about
things like liberalism or conservatism
or or liberal versus conservative yeah
then I agree we should stick to
government so in terms of the government
then I wouldn't be comfortable having a
government that forced private companies
to host all content if those private
companies didn't want to would you agree
that everything yeah okay something
there okay then the Twitter should be
allowed to ban people or D platform
people if they want to I am NOT comfort
with it now because it's not fair
because Twitter
gets a preferred customer status with
the government in that they because they
keep saying that they're a they're a
they're not an editorial side that they
claim to not editorialize their content
they get certain benefits as a and
favorable practices in their their use
they that's that how do you mean by that
like proposition it's 2:00 to 2:30 what
is it 2:30 where they they enjoy this
principle I'm not smart enough to know
ik so I'm not a legal guy either but
I've read all the legal guys on this
topic that they get some kind of a
preferred status because they don't edit
content that's what they claim that's
why you can't sue Twitter you can't sue
Twitter you can't person's can't sue
Twitter and Facebook for editorializing
content oh that sounds like wait
basically they don't want to be held
responsible for its posted on the site
then directly right yeah but it's a
special legal status that they have with
the government that prevents it yeah
that sounds like a boy who start editing
sites if they're going start editing
content they basically become an editor
they're more like a you know an actual
editorial site than a open-ended blind
publishing yeah that's not going to act
like one or the other well that what you
just said sounds like a really good oh
so you're claiming that by banning
certain people they are editorializing
it yeah and yeah and my facebook why
would a Facebook and Google do not want
that law to change that whatever the law
is called it something 230 they don't
want the law to change because they
get this preferred status as a preferred
business and I'm saying if you're gonna
act this way then you need to remove
that preferred status with the
government they put you in a different
pay category and a different ability to
make you susceptible to lawsuits for
which they get massive lawsuits that
would help correct the problem so why do
you think they want that status or why
do you think they have that status of
not editorializing things and having a
special status with the government it
was something that happened the I don't
know if he's in the late 90s or early
2000 again I'm sorry for this stuff for
arguing something I'm really just vague
on I only know that it's there I don't
know what they're fighting it and that
it got removed in UK so the I mean I can
probably tell you the reason why the
reasons you wouldn't want sites like
these to be held accountable for what's
being posted on them because in sites
like these could never exist right
because people for instance of I see a
post I don't like on Facebook this is
similar to kind of like it almost sounds
to me like a like a journalistic
safe-harbor law like the reason why you
can't sue YouTube for hosting
copyrighted content is because it makes
a good-faith effort to take it down
right and that's right YouTube's another
one that wants the law to stay the same
sure and I would argue that this is
probably a positive law like we wouldn't
want to be able to sue because if you
were able to sue social media sites for
things posted on social media sites then
that wouldn't exist right it's kind of
like when Hillary says we should be able
to sue the manufacturers of firearms for
murders well that means nobody would
sell any more guns right we would
eventually provide any guns right so um
but Stephen it's because of this
preferred status that these particular
businesses can push competitors out so
now they're making an argument for
monopoly I don't like anybody that
creates a social media site would
probably get this status with the
government they don't because they fell
under the status early on in the history
of the internet so you're telling there
are conservative social media sites like
gab or whatever that can be sued fat
content hosted directly on the sites not
content well they could be but that's
not why they got out they got out
because these other preferred companies
grew artificially big because of their
protection so not only do newcomers not
get to predict get the protection but
they just can't compete because of the
advantage given to Google Facebook and
Twitter I think you to be on board with
this if you if you if I you know ought
to point you to it yeah well I don't I
just have never heard of this happening
in my entire life the idea that like a
new social media startup happened and
then they were sued out of existence for
things
other people were posting like society I
just might not suit out of those they're
pushed out of existence because Google
gets preferential treatment on servers
we didn't have a preferential treatment
of servers it's it is all the way down
to the server network level across
America that is able to strong-arm and
give more power to Google Facebook
Twitter that keeps other competitors
from being able to compete on the same
time because they have side deals with
them that's all I know I'm being true
just to clarify what Doug's talking
about I I looked it up it's section 230
of Thank You nations decency act I think
that shields internet companies for the
content that people put on their
platforms which sounds like a very
positive thing that sounds like it
should definitely be a thing yeah but it
would be true until they believe that
negative plat negative things that ought
to get you D platformed and keep me from
being able to make a living is because I
say there's two genders no no okay so
that's why that's what I lost that's why
I lost my account steven is just as I
said there were two genders yeah but
basically what this law does is it makes
it so that these sites can exist if this
law if this law didn't exist then these
companies would be relentlessly sued out
of existence however just because they
enjoy this protection that makes them
not suable because of what other people
cause no site doesn't mean that we get
to take a step further and say well now
you have to host everything on your
website it's not a post child porn on
Twitter you have to host because you're
not allowed to do platform anything
right no that I don't think that these
two things are mutually exclusive Lee's
can exist side-by-side where companies
should be able to decide I want to host
this content or I don't but also I don't
want to be held liable in a legal sense
by things that people post my website if
I if I were to what intended to be good
they have abused and you know that's
possible for them to abused that thing
and they are abusing it whatever using
it in what way D platforming mileage
innopolis D platforming I don't think I
can abuse is allowed to tell somebody
that they have to host somebody else's
content that's antifreeze I know but no
but they're doing it Steven in the name
of you can't sue us or we should be able
to decide if kiddie porn is going to be
put on our site or not and they use it
to let you it's an awful Prager
University conservative videos so
somebody not turn off videos from the
left they took them off from the right
only if somebody if
he bans you from their platform should
you be allowed to sue them for that do
you have oh do you think you have a
right you are entitled to somebody
else's private Braun I don't know
well no that's the argument you're
making because of section 230 though I I
want them to give me the right to dirty
isn't a command that they have to host
every single content it's just a special
legal protection to make so they're not
liable I mean like I imagine that this
is probably similar for things like
restaurants if I go inside of a
restaurant and I stand on a table and I
scream you know like I hate all black
people like get them out of here that
doesn't mean that somebody can sue the
restaurant and say hey Applebee's I'm
gonna sue you because of what that guy
was saying in the restaurant that's what
they probably are protected from that in
a litigation sense however Applebee's
while being protected from that could
still kick me out of the restaurant I
can't say to Applebee's well hold on you
can't get sued so now you have to allow
me to stand in your restaurant and
scream at everybody else that I hate
like it well these two things aren't
mutually exclusive at all I don't think
they're not but Steve and I want to say
that earlier on when we're at the base
of this argument of liberalism you said
you were more for freedom yeah and and
what you're doing is you're defending a
giant powerful corporation which sounds
more Republican to me and I'm defending
the freedom of speech of more people not
child molesters and people yelling uh I
hate all black people but people like
normal conservative sites you know like
Prager University
or me saying there's two genders this is
more who really values freedom more I
mean like doing get in well we can get
into this discussion so the awkward part
for me is so I said earlier I describe
myself as a progressive I'm not sorry
I'm not trying to trap you the sense
Turkey I'm sorry I mean only ardent
capitalist I'm a very big supporter of
capitalism were there together too on
that well kind of but it sounds like you
want to socialize social media companies
you want to take Twitter and you want to
make it like a public utility or
Facebook and turning into a public
utility I and I actually don't and and
that's another thing is this is also the
arguments you're making though they're
not only they're not that I'm only
saying it has to be fair like pick one
pick a lane because right now they're
double dipping on both sides and the
same would go it's like if you chose to
make it a utility or not a utility than
it when you force fairness I'm only
saying in a free-market system it ought
to be wide open free okay is more what I
would and I would not I don't believe
the state should go in and start
forcing businesses to be fair but that
would also mean that say a restaurant
should also have the right if they
choose to not hire a gay man we're
mismatching right now because you think
it's a double-dip but I don't agree so
let's just focus on this razor focus
issue so here is my statement and tell
me where you take issue that's okay I
think that we shouldn't be allowed to
sue companies because of content that
other people host on their site so what
do you think are you okay with that
statement so if somebody puts something
so if you own a social media site I
should be able to sue you for things
that other people posting site
I don't know think that you as somebody
that owns the servers and owns a site
you should be allowed to ban anybody
that you want to assuming you don't
violate any federal laws like we're not
banning like things that are protected
classes in the United States for
instance I think that that should be
okay yeah long for removing the
protected class status but yeah wait
you're for removing all protected
classes I'm for removing all protective
class statuses okay are you okay with me
when if you break one thing I'm saying
you break everything down the chain so
it's very hard to agree with a
hypothetical that's way downstream sure
that's on a very very very narrow as you
know so if you because because because
because Steven because I know how these
protected classes are used
Twitter's policy is we particularly
protect protected classes and so when
you say there's only two genders it can
harm a trans person well Steven that's
what that's the letter they wrote no no
no no yeah I've got to be very very very
careful there's nothing in federal law
that mandates that Twitter like D
platform speech yes I'm only very
careful with a law the legal side of
things right now okay so I'm only
showing where they're abusing their
status you know ice why understand so
okay so then you said earlier so you
said that you are okay with making it so
that a private company can't can not be
sued for things that other users post on
that site correct yes okay
are you also okay then with that company
being able to ban anybody that they want
to be able to ban yes okay
all yes then where's our disagreement
but all the way up Oh
oh yeah I'm I'm really I'm for
libertarian freedom to allow businesses
do whatever they want to do including
put as much smoke in the air as they
want and not use it you know in organic
or inorganic compounds in their in their
foods and things like that and you let
the market decide because I always
believe the market is gonna be fairer
than the government which picks sides
and can be bought off and all that sorry
you can't buy off the market if that's
true then why is gap still so much
smaller than Twitter because we you
haven't even you haven't seen it you
haven't seen it tried in a free
environment what an environment is not
free gab is all the same protections
that twitter has does it does not it
hands down does not and again I'm
talking way outside of my league here
and I'm going I don't want to debate
stuff that I don't really know about
anyway that's fine okay but I'm only
saying that I've read enough of the of
the downstream arguments to know that
I'm convinced that it is unfair and that
it's cooked in the books all the way up
and I personally have it demonstrated to
me by Twitter their idea of stopping
hate speech and their idea of hate
speech is when I say there's two genders
and then the people who are liberals say
Jesus you know went down on me and F
your religion and f you and I and I hope
your church burns to the ground they can
say all that stuff and I report them to
Twitter and they don't get that's not
true actually
if you discriminate against okay I could
be wrong we'd have to go into Twitter
Terms of Service I'm not a protected
even G conservative angelical czar not a
protected group sir I don't think I
don't think conservatives are because
political opinions I don't believe are
but I think I think religious categories
are we prohibit targeting individuals
with content intended to cite spear fear
or spread fearful stereotypes but a
protected category including asserting
that members protected category most so
for example all religious groups are
terrorists okay hateful imagery based on
their race religion disability sexual
orientation gender identity or ethic so
religion should be a protected category
under Twitter it should be but it's not
and there is no it's because all of
their and most of their employees
probably more of literally oh I have
literally - I have literally like type
on Facebook it's a different platform
that I hate Christians in the US and I
have gotten a three-day suspension from
Facebook so I know that these are
protection
I know what happened evangelical working
for Facebook in Silicon Valley because
most of their employees that they're
pulling from tend to go liberal James
O'Keefe the journalist has recorded two
employees of Twitter saying well any
time they see someone promoting Trump
they D platform them he has them on
camera saying it these are expertise of
Twitter only saying that in general so
we would have to yeah it could be
confirmation by especially because James
O'Keefe every single thing project he's
been involved in has never turned out to
any have any legitimacy whatsoever every
single big thing he's been in has been
completely fabricated we can walk down
the list of all these investigations
almost everything he said is true
almost every everything you said about
Planned Parenthood was incorrect
everything he said about it's not true
it was they he caught them on video
somebody they were they wanted to sell
baby parts
it was absolutely taken out of context
and had to do with covering like the
transportation fee of something and he
made it out to sound like they were
harvesting baby organs
it was harvesting baby organs they were
looking for the transportation cost okay
I don't want okay unless we won't we
won't derail into into James O'Keefe
that's so I'm sorry the so coming all
the way back then I'm still not entirely
sure what your position is on okay so I
think you want to make it so that so
companies should be allowed to remove
whoever they want and they should also
not be sued but then you also think that
if that's gonna happen we should remove
protected classes altogether in the
United States is that if they're going
to use those protected classes to come
up with an excuse for what they're going
to start to monitor on their site and
yeah I don't believe and I don't think I
should so let's move in that direction a
little because I'm curious if I have if
I have a let's say that I open a
building I'm a building owner and I want
to rent it or let's say that own a job I
own a job I own a firm and I want to
hire employees should I be allowed to
say I am NOT going to hire people that
are black or gay should I have that
right to do that if it's fair yes if we
night it's fair I'll go with yes or no
for instance can a university say I will
not hire a biologist who's a creationist
so be so yes or no
religions protected should a University
have to hire a microbiologist who they
don't want to hire be
he's a creationist so that's that's the
opposite of the gay black preferred
status
we're not preferred statuses I'm only
saying should they have to hire them
yeah so I would I would say here no but
not because of their religion because
well no no because we're having
disagreements on matters of facts so for
instance let's say um I was gonna know
it is a fact that that's their religion
and is the fact that religion is a
protected class and it's a fact but it
is not defended in the in the course so
we're kind of going well hold on I have
to finish this here because this is
really not good we're in a principals of
explosion area if I were to grant you
that then I would have to say that I
literally should be able to hire any
single person ever so for instance let's
say that I want to hire a person that
works at a restaurant but they have a
religion that says that they should be
allowed to jerk off in every single
plate they serve to a customer and I
said well hold on I'm not gonna hire the
jerk-offs terrarium because that's his
religion right you say well your
discriminate is religion no I don't buy
that I don't think that's legit so if
I'm gonna hire a professor of biology
that disagrees with all of the mainstay
academic biology I don't think that
that's discriminating against his
religion i if your religion demands that
you disagree with with all of scientific
academia that I mean that's I mean
that's that's not a matter of like
discriminating against religious belief
it's a it no it is discrimination I
think I just believe I'm sorry it is
literally discrimination against a
religious belief then then so then do
you argue that you're only saying you're
only saying it's justified to
discriminate against you I'm certified
they discriminate certainly the ideas of
klaris well let me know if you're for
discrimination or not because you're
either for discrimination or not your
other good discriminate all the time of
course I would discriminate against an
employee that for instance was very rude
or vulgar I would discriminate against
an employee that was physically abusive
towards other people yeah we
discriminate all the time well we're
asking about here in the United States
is whether or not we should be able to
discriminate against specific classes of
people right like discrimination in and
of itself is something we discriminate
against plates of food - based on what
we want to eat right so we're talking
about discriminating against classes of
people on the United States we've
decided that for social reasons and for
legal reasons we shouldn't be allowed to
discriminate against classes of people
especially things that are either like
very protected or things that we can't
change so like our race or ethnicity or
things like veteran status or families
religions in there also yes I think
you'll agree it is constitutional we're
saying I agree it fits under that
category and yet it is
absolutely not protected everyone knows
it's not well but but but when that when
that the thing is is that like our
belief in the United States is that your
race or your being a veteran or your
family status shouldn't impede you from
doing any type of work that anyone else
could but if your religious doctrine
calls for something that is directly
contrary contradictory to whatever your
job is supposed to be then it's not
religious it's not really discrimination
against religion that's that's kind of a
it is discrimination against religion
I'm only saying you're saying it's
justified but it is discrimination
against someone's religion okay I mean I
I really think this take is really
absurd I don't know how to I don't know
how to proceed I'm not looking for
something I prefer anything I'm only
saying let's go with the principle and
you have to follow that principle to its
logical and you can't just abandon it
when you don't like it I don't agree
with that I don't think that principle I
don't think you're going to a logical
and I think you're driving it off a
cliff that I would I would avoid right
if you believe in any certain thing
that's fine but if your religious
practice is going to cause you to do
something negative to the job so for
instance like I don't think I should be
able to discriminate against a Muslim
but if you want to stop and pray you
know 25 [ __ ] times in the middle of a
shift
well no you're gonna get fired now I
know that though now there are court
battles regarding like specifically like
this world job the bla bla bla and there
are those can be found in the courts and
maybe there are some wiggle room there
but for the most part from me and and I
would fall very strict on the side of
this I don't think that any religious
behavior right is excusable on the job
insofar as it like does it ruins your
ability to do the job which is probably
what most people end up debating about
right like preferences if you're a
server you should probably be allowed to
worry hijab or a [ __ ] yarmulke or
whatever religious so if a man who
identifies as a woman wears a dress has
to wear a dress to a conservative
restaurant in Kentucky and it causes
them to lose business it would be
justifiable to say look you're ruining
this business and we have to let you go
because you wear a dress well right now
I don't believe that transgendered
people or the trans people are protected
are protected class in the United States
so uh you know York City they are I
believe that in past there anything they
will be at the constitutional law can
only be so lucky maybe that's my world
that I'm pushing well again it if it's
fair if it's
and equally applies to both sides no
matter who's uncomfortable and who's
insulted I'm fine with I don't care
which way we go I'm only saying you
either protect everyone or you protect
Noble yeah and I mean like depending on
the type of job I mean like I think I'm
probably okay with things like so have
you ever been in a casino before I don't
know that's a good say yeah okay so like
for I mean it sounds really rude but I'm
sure that there are probably beauty
standards that they have for like the
cocktail server yeah yeah this is
probably you know like an acceptable
thing in terms of like having certain
types of women that look certain ways
whatever but but I don't think that just
because like sentry focusing back on the
religion thing I don't think it's okay
to fire somebody just because of their
religious doctrine so if you want to be
a Christian biologist that's fine but if
you're sure your religious practice
makes you directly contradict the job
then that's a term so for instance I
should be able to hire a Muslim in any
job but if you want to be a Muslim
firefighter and when you want to go into
a building you don't wear your helmet
but you were a hijab now your front
you're out of there you can't do that
you're gonna die right or that's
reasonable that's reasonable these are
these are reasonable examples and the
problem is with the way the law is a
whole lot of unreasonable examples it's
more abused because people have
confirmation bias you know this people
act like this this idea that like people
skirt the lines of the law all the time
but that's not really how it works in
practice there's a judge that looks at
things and usually there is like a good
faith effort and there's like an
established I can't remember the word
but there's like there's an established
like law a prep there's precedent
there's legal precedent set up for what
you can do or what you can't do
no people try to be cute with the law
like well actually officer I wasn't
speeding and by I can prove that your
devices looked like judges will laugh at
you and throw that [ __ ] out of court
right or you'll go to court you'll just
be sure they're gonna hear this idea
that like going back to the very very
original example that you gave if you
want to be a biologist and you want to
be Christian and you want to be a
professor
that's totally great but as soon as your
religious doctrine causes you to take
out a behavior that is divergent from
what your job demands which is teaching
the course material or teaching the
scientific consensus then we have a
problem I have no problems the
biologists it's religious but if they
want to teach creationism well now we
have a problem because now your
religious behavior is impacting your
ability to perform your job sure sure
fair enough fair enough I mean okay it's
not a hill it's not a hill I'm gonna die
on Stephen cool yeah that's fine okay I
want to back up even a little bit
further because this is the original
reason why I got triggered that the
Conservatives want to keep the internet
open is because conservatives are the
party that are pushing the hardest
against things like net neutrality yeah
I'm absolutely against net neutrality so
why absolutely because I don't trust the
government to get involved with the
internet I think it's I think it'd be
psycho to bring them involved unless you
want to submit all of the Internet to
Trump and his cabinet and a Republican
Congress and that Republican Supreme
Court is that your dream well so right
now we already have examples of high
tier ISPs giving preferential bandwidth
or treatment to private companies we
already have this example on the books
right Colleen is there already sued them
for doing this yeah so if we don't have
because these companies essentially
exist which which I'm for because it's
more of a free market but but well I'm
not it's a market failure right these
are Geographic monopolies we don't
really have choices between ISPs and we
really don't have choices between
routing I think I think the real but the
existence of a choice I'm only saying I
do want more choices I just wish the
free market would figure it out I don't
want I don't trust the government to
figure it out I know as soon as the
government gets involved what's gonna
happen and I don't trust especially
Liberal government's I've seen what they
do with their ideology push it on others
they fire my people they do platform my
people I don't want them anywhere near
the government so I mean this happens in
private companies all the same reason
why we want separation of church from
state is why we want separation of
government from business or government
from culture don't touch it limited
government that's why my concern sure
but use a few anise or did somebody well
well I have to tell you okay do you
acknowledge that sometimes the market
can't effectively deliver a solution to
something that a market failure can
exist that make itself remark right so
wouldn't you say that in the case of an
ISP where there is a so here are things
like it cost Mike vo is a tremendous
barrier to entry right it is a massive a
monumental undertaking for
infrastructure and massive like like
Twitter like Twitter and Facebook is the
cable system having a massive barrier to
entry just for just by its sheer size
it's holy sure okay I mean we can their
establishment it's a near-impossible
sure people make the same arguments
again about the big banks so maybe
you're socialized as well I mean backing
up
so backing up to ISPs people would argue
that well you you know if you deregulate
everything related ISPs which they
largely are we don't really have any
free-market stuff going on there
nobody's gonna stop in and compete with
AT&T you know and ironically the only
examples of this successfully happening
are usually when city governments step
in to do it by pooling all of their
citizens money together in order to do
it III would rather live in almost any
form of non Internet brokenness than
have the state be part of the solution
either said if you would rather live in
a world where you can't access say any
religious websites because it cost you
an extra then have the government figure
that have the government do it that's
how strongly I believe in it what is
your core like what I'm just curious my
moral point of view it's free market
free market well that's that's our free
market why what why do you why do you
like all markets I like free markets as
well so I'll tell you why do you tell me
why yeah okay okay so I like free
markets because I think it's actually a
great truth indicator the markets
allowed to do what it is intended to do
when you're allowed to freely buy or
freely sell whatever you want the market
starts to decide more instead of forcing
people to do what is moral with their
money which is always someone else right
you have to create something bigger than
business to force business to do what
you believe is moral is kind of the
problem so I go what and this goes back
to the founders is I distrust that
bigger thing than business that it's
going to be better because I believe you
just created something that now not only
has its own corrupt power of government
but it also has the corrupt power of
business buckled under it you've
multiplied the misery of what business
can do by the government I just have a
basic distrust of government yes a very
American thing I don't know why
Americans I own it I don't know why you
have such a distrust of government but
you don't have a distrust of private
businesses that's the one thing I've
never understood no I just respect hey
private businesses would sell their own
mom down the road if they could the only
difference is we can hold government
accountable with our vote but you can't
hold a business accountable but your
because but did the govern come on why
do you I'm sorry why do you think that
government would do the right thing
regarding business when the people who
run the government are made of the exact
same human beings with the exact same
nature and makeup as the people
who run business you're literally taking
people out of business and putting them
in a structure that is above business
with more power especially with how much
the lobbyists pay off politicians I mean
we can have a separate conversation
about lobbying because I don't think
lobbying is good either but but
fundamentally well this is like this is
the difference is what I don't
understand maybe because of my very
limited time working for a large company
people always talk people always say
this stuff like well the government is
bureaucratic the government is bloated
the government is slow the government is
lazy this is 100% true of every large
business like go ask a friend that works
an IT for for any huge business like
they're never going to tell you oh yeah
our private enterprise is very Swift you
know our tickets come through very
smoothly everybody on the job knows
exactly know there's tons of bloated
horrible waste in every private business
of people that will max out their budget
at the end of the year so that they can
get the same allotment for the next year
of people that hire shitty employees
people that hire friends and family
right private business does this just as
much as the government does the only
difference is for government we can vote
them out if we don't like them right and
that's why we have somebody even as
crazy as Trump right now at the head of
the government that would never happen
in a private business right because in a
private business you know it's always
people to the CEO knows or friends of
the CEO or people wherever the board
decides or whatever it right it goes
much differently so at the end of the
day like business and government can all
have like the same problems but at the
end of the day at the very least we can
hold government accountable that being
said I am a free-market guy I don't like
it I don't like government being a board
doesn't have to be but it seems like you
don't recognize areas where we really do
need the government to be involved like
would you recognize like a monopoly is
something that the government should
step in and break up or do you think
monopolies should be allowed to exist
because those pop up in the free market
I'm very reluctant to pull the trigger
on monopolies but yeah I do believe they
have to be broken up okay so then why
don't ISPs kind of monopolies to you if
they were strictly a utility and and
something that we deem is a kind of
right for all citizens which gets weird
then yeah you make the defense that this
is like having access to an electric
company you know you can't you turn
someone's power off you're gonna kill
them you turn the internet off and
they're probably a lot happier anyways
okay I guess I asked you real quick to
justify your core value so I like free
markets because I
leave my core honestly I don't care
about free markets intrinsically right
my core value is I want to deliver the
most amount of opportunity and freedom
and choice to as many people as possible
personally I believe that free markets
do that better than better than say like
a planned economy like a socialist or
communist economy I agree that's my
person however you have to recognize
that fundamentally there are some things
that free markets do not solve internet
Geographic monopolies things that
require massive infrastructure costs
probably one of them things like health
care probably one of them these are
things where at the end of the day
whether it's a free market or not I
don't really care I just want to deliver
the most amount of goods and services to
the most amount of people as possible
and I believe you will limit that
service if it gets buckled under
government I believe you will know you
or to limit that service then expand it
but you do your principle that you're
saying that you want more people you
disagreed with that earlier because
earlier I offered you a situation where
with government regulation say net
neutrality we could deliver a more free
or Internet to more people and you said
well I don't care I'd rather not have
the Internet at all so you seem well you
know I know I still would rather not
have any internet at all then have the
Internet of the government because I
believe you'd have lex access under the
government even though war yeah we can
demonstrate whether people violate like
look Charlie vegetables because I just
think I think if you put the government
under Nancy Pelosi and and or Cortes or
whatever name is I believe they would
not give Internet access to try to Rush
Limbaugh for hate speech okay so where
you believe that earlier in this debate
you said that the the Republic is strong
that our foundations are good in four
years Trump is gonna be out of office
he's not gonna run for a third term
but somehow you think that like a random
Congress person from New York is going
to take away the ability for people to
get on the internet like how oh no I I
know they will cuz that's those are the
Liberals that work for Twitter they'll
just go up a level I won't be able to
have any recourse because it's the
government doing it instead of a
business it doesn't solve anything by
putting this evil corporation that you
hate under Trump better or worse well I
don't think that they're under Trump
right we have like institutions of us
cover like the president isn't a dick
yeah that's under Trump Mitch McConnell
and in Toledo the Supreme Court justice
that's where you want to put all
business under them you trust more than
Silicon Valley right now well at the end
of the day I can vote them out if we
don't like what they're doing we have no
oversight really into things like
Facebook or Amazon right that's there
they do whatever the borders were there
at the end of the day their goal is to
maximize profit for shareholders at the
end of the day every business in a
capitalist societies their goal is to
maximize profit for shareholders whether
or not that runs against their interest
as American citizens is they couldn't
care less unless they're all like moral
upstanding sitting I'd rather count on a
free market solution okay we'll fade and
fall Facebook will fade and fall as soon
as you put it under the government it's
a government Facebook it just became a
lifer it will be there forever no matter
how inefficient it is billa's keep
funding it and keep it alive and really
push out competition because now they've
got the government dollar dollars
instead of the free market when it's a
utility and an institution that has to
be protected and provided all citizens
you've just turned you just turned our
internet into what they did to health
care well hold on health care was never
socialized it's always been privatized
and it's the worst in the United States
so absolutely horse yeah you're you're
fighting for pretty under but it's not
the worst in the world well I should've
said it's the worst number but it's
abysmal compared to other first world
countries I disagree I think it's better
than them way better for instance with
the privatization of medicine American
leads the real quick before you get it
off into this because we're about to
jump it was totally different I'm sorry
I'm sorry no that's okay
get off healthcare go back to me look
the internet like and utilities and
listen I mean like even the Internet's
boring and so's health care so let's get
under something else well we are gonna
move on to something else like even I'm
bored and I'm bored and I'm out of my
league well that's okay my final point I
guess me tell is I mean like the
government does provide things like
utilities to the United States and for
the most part it works pretty well like
most people have running water and
electricity and gas and power and we
seem to be able to provide that and
that's all social or socialized is ran
by governments and whatnot not
privatized in the US I bring up
healthcare is bizarre to me because we
pay so much and our outcomes
are competitive with the rest of the
world for how much we pay for it so I'd
seems like health care doesn't seem to
work as a private means and we
definitely haven't socialized it that
the Obamacare or more accurately the
Affordable Care I couldn't do anything
to provide any sort of social health
care options Medicare wasn't really
expanded or Medicaid wasn't really
expanded that much and you know and all
the private company still exists but yes
I our private industry has or has come
up with a hundred times more medical
patents and cures and breakthroughs than
any other first world country and it's
because art is driven by a free profit
market market with Big Pharma I mean we
also innovators like the Internet via
the government that didn't come from the
private sector we've also but it was
greatly expanded I mean look when it was
an internet in the government it was
like it was two computers running
through a phone wire it was it was a o L
that made the internet what it is today
I mean that whole dodgy oh I totally
disagree that but I'm a little out of my
hole this prey that Tesla puts up a
satellite and creates a wireless system
that competes with our current cable
company and it'll all be moved okay all
right quick reminder to everyone if
you're watching right now please like
the stream and share it on social media
make sure you're subscribed and if you
send in stream labs since the last time
I read them I'll be reading them at the
end of this at the end of the show so
feel free to send him away Doug one
thing one of the first things I heard
about you before I met you was that you
were against the legalization of gay
marriage is that correct
oh that is true okay so I mean so do you
have reasons beyond just your religious
beliefs for that not at all yeah my
religious beliefs they play into a
little bit but it's it it is as
foundational as my religion will put it
that way
my philosophy do you see I mean would
you say that that kind of contradicts
like a libertarian point of view though
um no because no I I don't I don't and
I'm not a libertarian it could be one of
the reasons I actually believe in a
republic
you know you have to that's a long story
but you want me to go into the gay
marriage thing yeah I'd like you to go
into it without using just I believe in
this religion and that's why I'm against
it
actually I know I would I never say that
about anything anyway sure because
either the religion I do the religion
corresponds to truth this is a weird
thing it's either tied to truth or it is
false and must be abandoned so so it's
it it ought to cook it ought to cohere
with a whole lot of things that are true
for instance science in history and
archeology and philosophy and things
like that so I actually do believe
there's other indicators that the
religion is true you can't just say look
I've got this book this magic book and
that's I'm blind and I'm done that's
actually what I believe false religions
do so about gay marriage that is harmful
I I don't know if I could say it's ha I
do believe it's harmful to the
individual but let's like that's more
homosexuality whether if you're married
or not
I would but specifically for marriage so
putting you have to remove the idea of
is homosexuality right or wrong so set
that aside because my arguments kind of
apply imply whether if I can make the
same argument say against polygamy right
whether if it's right or wrong I'd make
similar arguments against polygamy I
believe first of all I don't believe you
you're allowed this is a against this is
something more that I would say against
libertarians I don't believe anyone is
allowed to by caveat change the
definition of a word and face force
everyone else to accept that definition
of a word so the definition of the word
marriage is to marry the two sexes it
may be multiple multiple people in the
tradition of America it is one in one
one man and one woman is marriage you
cannot have gay marriage anymore than
you can have a square circle it breaks
the definition of marriage either the
two men break the definition or it
breaks the definition of marriage
marriage you marry the two sexes
is number one so but and by the way I
have an even bigger caveat which all of
this falls under okay once we allowed
marriage to mean not a lifelong
commitment but with no-fault divorce
where you can just get out of it anytime
you want and we will recognize that you
already broke the definition of marriage
to a point that almost doesn't mean
anything anymore
so even this little ground of no gays
can't marriage the argument was lost as
far as devaluing and destroying what the
word marriage was as soon as you allowed
two people to enter into it and just get
out of it if they don't like each other
I started to sit with the Catholic there
Doug can i okay hold on there's a lot of
problems here so to you marry two sexes
is to put two people together for a man
and a woman together for life it's the
definition of marriage okay so maybe no
one does it but I'm only saying that's
what it means well let's look at
descriptive versus prescriptive language
real quick okay so do you believe that
language is a property of the world a
property of the University you think
that language is invented by humans both
[Music]
so just because it's invented by humans
doesn't mean that words aren't pointers
to true things represent underlying
physical things sure however more
difficult things that I'm arguing for
not the woman oh that's Sara Lee the
word that you call it well no you're
arguing for the word right now you're
saying that we can't redefine the word
of marriage when we absolutely can we
can literally make marriage mean
whatever we want it to mean oh yeah you
keep no no doubt no doubt you you could
do that but you could also say I mean if
you're gonna go that arbitrary you could
say monition of marriage is is me being
a citizen the United States married okay
that's it's a really bad example that
you use because you my little world you
can be married to an idea that's
actually a proper you'd be using reveler
but I'll ignore the fact that that would
be a valid example and I will instead
ask you where does my point is my point
on that I'm using that Stephen wasn't to
be cute it's to say you can redefine a
word to a point that you break the word
it's useless
which is what I believe gay marriage
does
ask you is why do we have the
definitions for words that we have what
are these definitions come from or why
do you think we define I'm not looking
for like a 100 academic ants I'm just
kidding for what you think like why do
we have the words that we do like what
do they do for us I think they help us
communicate truth to each other and
words are only as good as where they
correspond to truth but you know what
words do that words do change their
definitions over time but I mean change
wider definitions change yeah I mean
give me an example
besides gay marriage how about the word
gay so decides anything to do with
homosexuality
what a stupid [ __ ] an idiot used to be
words that referred to like distinctly
to certain IQ degree so now we use some
general I'm sure there's like a million
words that have changed okay there you
go I would argue that in that case those
words and I think most word experts
would agree that over time our words are
losing their meaning to objective to
point B pointers to objective truth that
is we're getting much sloppier with
language and are in our words that we
use have far more multiple meanings when
they used to have more specific ones no
absolutely not the first relationship I
promise you that is not the case the
idea I promise you it is I would I would
be astounded if any linguistic expert
would have come on here and say well
words used to point to objective truth
experts I want examples well like the
first of all the entire idea of a
marriage is not something a marriage is
on a property of the world a marriage is
a concept of two different people coming
together so we're already oh no no no no
you just said you just made up two
different people you can't have the word
oh I'm sorry it could be a man or woman
I'm just telling you like a marriage is
not a thing that's not a thing that
exists in the world you're not pointing
to an underlying truth when you talk
about a concept of marriage right like
that's like a no I believe you are
pointing to an immaterial truth of a man
and a woman staying together for life
there's such a thing as marriage an
actual thing sure okay so if we're
talking about immaterial truths here
what we're talking about the idea that
marriage references some truth that's
that's given to us not by a knop
identity of the world but by some
immaterial things in this case
in this case that word does jar so this
immaterial stuff you're talking about
are you getting this from religion it it
certainly is agreed with by my religion
but I mean III well for this way III
know
non-religious people to believe that too
sure but let's say that you have this
you have this a material concept now
that you're refusing a word to refer to
so we're already now we've already moved
off to earlier you said that these were
that these words were referring to like
well I guess you could say an immaterial
thing as an objective truth but you
can't like how do we even start about
defining what marriage means then if
you're talking about immaterial truths
let's say I'm of a different religion
than you and for me marriage is a
marriage between four women
like how do we come to an agreement on
what marriage should refer to for both
referring to immaterial things well you
you but you have disagreement on any
word
so yeah it's true in another country
they would say you can marry a dolphin
or you can marry a bridge or you can
marry for men or you can marry yourself
you have auto auto sexuals now coming up
in the UK and I'm just saying those are
just different levels of incoherence
to the to the one true careful earth
which is a man one man and one woman
you're begging the questions so much
when you say I am when you say it I am
also begging the question but I'm also
stating a presupposition yeah but that's
not fair right like your automate you
you win by de facto in your argument you
say well your definition of marriage is
wrong I'm not I'm not trying to win an
argument I'm not trying to win an
argument I'm just trying to state what I
believe well so both of us have a
disagreement in both of us think that
the other is incorrect so we're trying
to justify our you think the word
marriage can mean anything well I think
all words can mean anything by
definition okay then fine then we have
in we have an impasse on that but can I
continue on why I believe fundamental
disagreement on how we define language
then why would we ever talk about any
particular words that we define a
different ways well because you and I
can still communicate with each other
through body language or we can get out
what each other's ideas are words are
still useful because I believe they
still are carrier they can be carriers
of truth if we're careful enough with
them if you want every time I say the
word marriage though you're thinking two
men two men two men I would use a
different word I would say a male and a
female bonded for life recognized by the
government or recognized by the church
or recognized by society
okay so call it taco call it taco
well taco doesn't seem to have much
utility and in the world around us right
so the one of the big problems one of
the reasons why we run into this issue
where marriage has to be redefined is
because it's not really strictly
religious concept anymore in the federal
government is a federal recognized tax
entity right if you file jointly married
and there are also special legal
protections that are granted towards
married people as well I'm not making a
governmental argument because the
government can choose what it wants to
recognize or not based on its own on its
own benefits and why you oppose a gay
marriage oh because I don't believe
government in you know defines morality
do you think then that it would be okay
or how okay then we could actually agree
on this I don't know once that one said
blacks can't vote no I would disagree
with that too sure so I so I think we
can agree on this I would be okay with
the government removing the the
everything related to gay marriage if
every single federal and legal benefit
that married couples were recognized
were removed if all of that was removed
from the legal code would you be okay
with that yes and no okay yes I I would
believe that was at least the government
trying to be fair in trying to recognize
its position as a secular democracy I'd
be fine without it it still wouldn't
make it
moral my problem my problem with the
institution is the morality of it not
you and I mean not just that the
government is for it or against it I
really care by the way I would also
still be married to my wife if the
government didn't recognize it at all
sure so hold on careful because we want
to try to keep the argument like either
on legal grounds or on moral grounds so
right now we're discussing or at least I
was maybe I was incorrect but I'm
discussing legal grounds because that's
why people advocated for gay marriage
like people didn't advocate I don't
marry I don't tend to argue legality
because lega because we because I just
because the law says it doesn't mean
it's right in arguing we're really
arguing the morality of no no no I'm not
arguing the morality of it whether or
not it's right or wrong I'm arguing
whether or not it should be recognized
by the government and the argument is is
that the government recognizes marriages
as these distinct federal entities that
are granted special properties then gay
marriage should be recognized as well as
a secular government that would be its
job so do you
that do you agree with that or do you
want to get rid of all special like
endowments to two married people no no I
I do see a reason why the government by
the way the government might prefer gay
coupling to gazing gel's right lifelong
commitments they may see a benefit in
that there may actually be a moral
benefit to gay monogamous lifelong
couples to gays singles okay so so the
government could do that you know and
that might be a better situation than
mere you know court they may they may
recognize that as a governmental
advantage okay where I where I disagree
with the idea of seeing them as
marriages I don't believe a male male
couple is interchangeably beneficial as
a male-female couple is to the
government lifelong sure so we're not
necessarily talking about what is most
beneficial to the government just in
terms of legality I'm trying to find
common ground here I don't know if we
have any behind it so I would be I'm
trying to be careful with what I'm gonna
say what I'm saying on I can see why the
government would prefer yeah but I don't
life I don't think the laws that we
write should be optimized to benefit the
government and I don't think you agree
with that either so I don't know why
that would be the role that we would
take their cousin either of us
necessarily are in love with government
we don't want to write laws to only
benefit the government so I'm just
looking at the legal side of things the
reason why the LGBT community wants
marriage to be expanded is because
special protections are afforded to
married couples that are recognized by
the state outside of religious aspects
and gay people want access to those
special recognitions do you think they
should be allowed access or if not do
you think all Special Recognition should
be removed or the third one is do you
think that heterosexual couples should
have that and gay people should not
which that's what I'm saying is I'm
saying because heterosexual couples are
closer to an ideal the government should
favor those over homosexual couples we
my favorite so you think the whole
miserable should not be allowed to marry
under the eyes of the federal government
I mean like I just now know but I just
now said that I could see why the
government would find gays being coupled
for life being beneficial
horrible to single gays going around
willy-nilly okay so yes or no should gay
for no other reason then if for no other
reason than to raise a family let's
share so should gay marriage be
recognized by the federal government is
that okay
Oh should it be no okay why not the
because the because the the benefits
that come from marriage from I'm sorry
from male-female couples bonded for life
are unique and better than the benefits
that come from two men being bonded for
life what does this have to do with
whether or not the government should
recognize it or not because the
government actually does prefer certain
activities to other it makes moral
claims it says for instance we'll give
you a tax break if you give to a charity
we like charitable giving if you give
blood or if you give whatever to you
know we generally try to keep those
moral claims as secular as possible
right we generally try to I think at
least we do but the government still has
has broad just broad favorability to
giving to churches or to giving to
things that we all things that not all
of us but what some of us consider the
good if you do Special Olympics okay
let's build let's [ __ ] super parallel
would you be okay if you were a
Christian minority in a Muslim majority
country and you were forced to follow
Sharia law no okay do you agree that
this is the exact same thing you're
advocating for like a Christian I'm a
Sharia law No okay so my parallel is
going to be in a lot of a lot of
different sects of Islam we'll say that
there is a certain religious law that
people should follow and there should be
religious kind of governments that
enforce certain penalties on people for
not felonious laws how this is practice
specifically is very different in a lot
of states yeah but yeah that's
essentially they would say and I would
say well hold on
I'm secular I don't want any any type of
religious law mandated upon me so how is
what you're saying where that we
basically you're advocating for a form
of quasi Sharia law under Christian no
that's not that is not you're saying
you're saying that certain religious
people can have rights and doubt to them
via getting married but not other people
like you've defined marriage in a way
that's only justifiable in a religious
sense no no it's it's the atheists that
have the Sharia law of you will
recognize
two men as interchangeable as man or
woman or you'll get fired okay how does
that impact that's really does that's
okay really specifically how does that
impact two heterosexual married people
if other gay people are recognized as
being married I well I never said it I'm
not making that argument I never said
the dories I never said that it impacted
them at all don't give my side I argue
with me
well yeah but you said that it was like
Sharia law because I'm mandating
something on them so in the case of
marriage I want to expand marriage to
include no I said if if I vocally I'm
against gay marriage I will get fired
okay that's a totally separate argument
oh now we're getting into freedom of
speech and whether or not a company that
isn't that is very Sharia like that is
very homosexual off off a roof like
whether it is or isn't that's a totally
separate issue right it's not it's not
you do you well right now we're only
talking about marriage right now right
specifically well yeah if you constrain
them to that point you know to win an
argument and fine I'm only I'm only
addressing your Sharia like argument who
is actually more Sharia like well in
this case of marriage it would be the
person denying rights to other people
based on their religion that's right so
like like yeah so like denying a
religious couple who believed that
marriage was only male/female so my
question is what are they being denied
if they're married if you've got a
heterosexual couple is married
how are you hurting them or denying any
rights to them by oh in my case it's
unemployment
well no no hate speech laws are a
totally separate thing you could live in
a world where gay people can get married
and you could also discriminate against
gay people these two ideas there's a non
sequitur from one to the other I'm told
I'm showing you there's there is a there
is a Sharia law it may not be
governmental but it's certainly casual
within culture and it certainly stems
from atheism there's a Sharia law right
now where if I go to a Hollywood pitch
and I pitch to a gay couple and they say
what do you think of gay marriage and I
say I'm against it they go oh you're not
going to be hired here and there's no
legal repercussion for that that's hate
speech
okay so right so only saying you're your
Sharia law is more in action right now
in this country than mine
hey there's so many parts that I
disagree that it would take another day
I know you disagree with it but I'm only
saying using your standard but you're
not
what I'm saying and you're applying it
to things that may or may not even be
true so for you we can okay no Steven
you can't use those easy arguments on me
because I can I can work around these
are culturally lazy arguments that
you've heard repeated all over the place
that Christianity is like Sharia law and
I'm saying you have to spell it out
exactly like Sharia law her give me two
minutes and I will lightning my way
through this okay so my argument is that
having discrimination against homosexual
people getting married and denying them
state-funded federal benefits is a form
of Sharia law it's kind of like Sharia
law because you're basically using your
religion to disenfranchised groups of
people now you are saying well hold on
you're taking protections which aren't
related to this disenfranchisement at
all but you're taking some protections
against gay people and now you're saying
in the private sector you're not allowed
to discriminate against those people and
now your disenfranchising other people
so you actually have the real Sharia law
however what we can do is we can back up
and we can justify the existences of
these types of anti-discrimination laws
using totally secular meanings so for
instance I could say being able to
discriminate as homosexual people or
black people is something that causes a
net harm to society it has nothing to do
with religious values it is completely
secular things so we can arrive at anti
hate speech or aunt or what protected
classes we can arrive at these ideas
using completely secular reasoning you
cannot get to gay people aren't allowed
to be married using secular reasoning
one is like Sharia law the other can be
justified completely independent of any
type of religious framework that's what
I'm saying that's why don't things to it
look how they're been governed how
they're been governmental cases where
people who will not make flowers for a
gay marriage where they were shut down
or fined by the state I'm not sure there
are there's hundreds of them okay that's
Sharia law so by your standard of maybe
you use the word disenfranchised but the
idea that you go in and force someone to
believe something by state practice
which is what Sharia law it's a
geopolitical religion your your
geopolitical form of Sharia law talking
about like big dudes right because they
won their case yes right you know that
yeah their case states cake Jews did but
the wedding photographer and a flower
decorator did not okay by the state and
it goes up to a higher court it'll get
an awesome because it's not principal
but not Sharia law well the idea
I'm not exercise I'm always saying it
fits into the description that you just
gave of one ideology pushing itself onto
another ideology and really removing
their work you your Sharia law removes
their jobs it removes me from Twitter
because if I thought that in a court
case I'd lose it all the way up at some
point because your belief system will be
pushed on mine and mine will not be
pushed on yours I'm mostly a lot of
course and I and I and I accept that we
get into other more complicated
political leagues okay I'm sorry I don't
mean to do this I swear to god n we do
this okay
give me this okay so we're what we have
right now is something called the
paradox of the tolerance of the
intolerant and in any tolerant society
one of the things have to be Carol red
the main one of the club is being
tolerant of intolerant people because
they don't really function well they
hijack a society right they there's like
a tit-for-tat game that they're playing
that they'll always win it's like a
losing way of game theory so everyone
ironically in a liberal society you
cannot be intolerant of people that are
highly discriminatory or people that
will utilize your democracy or your
liberalism to destroy yourself right so
if you have a society of people it is
entirely possible that we completely
secularly could construct a set of laws
and says we'll hold on we are going to
recognize that there are certain classes
of people that we don't want people to
discriminate against because they cause
demonstrable harms to society for
instance we don't want a city full of
businesses that's word salad okay well
let me explain we know sure so let's
let's say not word salad let's talk
about things like red lining okay let's
talk about specific practices that
entire cities would take where
businesses would not lend to black
people not because of bad credit not
because of bad work history but
literally because they were
african-american where they wouldn't
sell them certain houses they wouldn't
authorize them lines of credit they
wouldn't let them live in certain areas
they wouldn't have certain jobs this
creates a horrible effect on a city that
will cascade all down throughout every
family through generation of generation
you live in a poor house you go to a
poor school you get a [ __ ] job you get
you do crime to repeat repeat repeat
right people say now people from a
secular framework from a totally secular
framework we can say well hold on we
want to stop these bad effects we're
gonna recognize that there are classes
of people that are in doubt protections
in the United States because we think
they're disproportionately harm by
certain businesses and we're going to
stop that from happening
using these laws nothing about what I do
so I went all the way from that from the
moral thing of we should all be treated
equal have as much opportunity as
possible all the way to the policy
position of we should have protected
classes and I
use religion to get there nothing about
that journey was secular or was uh was
Sharia law that was all circularly done
all independent real is as Sharia does
it doesn't have to be religious to be
like Sharia law who because I don't want
to wait how am i religious I'm not
defending Sharia law slick and my
religion too is not about Sharia law but
you said you guys practice it just like
the Muslims you have to still
demonstrate that and you're saying if
you take this shape and if you use
enough vocabulary words to redefine
words to mean you're trying to just
justify taking away people's jobs you
just did congratulations Sharia yes in
some way yes I mean I don't think yes
thank you
thank you sure so if we're talking about
a business owner that won't hire like
war vets or black people yeah then I
think societal who decided that we can
take their job because they would take
more jobs than we would by taking those
sure yeah sure if that's if that's the
get show that you're looking for then
yeah I mean in the United States we have
decided that there are protected classes
you can't own buildings and discriminate
against families or races or ethnicities
or age and then the same thing if you're
an employer you can't discriminate
against certain classes well you say you
can't but people do all the time we're
not talking about like how people acting
bad Amer well just from a legal
perspective from a legal framework
you're not a lot of ego perspective
people legally do that also well they
shouldn't be able to I know but but they
do in this society I'm only saying this
atheistic panacea says that if a
[ __ ] baby is born you can stick a
knife in his skull no religious Society
Catholic priests rape little boys all
the time
I mean I'm not defending that so you
have to argue something that I defend do
you defend piercing a baby's skull after
it's born after it's born
I don't know anybody does it's legal
it's in America right now they decided
it New York in New York you can kill a
kid after it's born I know pretty psycho
huh I'm gonna need a source on that one
okay let's take a short break
timeout I'm gonna do the sources you can
murder a kid after it's born I
absolutely have to eat it New York law
kill hey he after birth interesting
let's say I'm looking
at the very least we can argue Stephen
which is worse to not give a black man a
job or kill him before he gets to exist
I mean which is more discriminatees are
totally different these are Tigers oh no
it is atheists doing it no first of all
first of all careful because I as much
as I hate to agree with you on this
because I'm scared to be took with you
anything I am unfortunately I am
actually pro-life I am pro-life I'm not
gonna argue with you on this but but but
but even so I wouldn't argue that these
two things are connected whatsoever
these are two I believe they absolutely
are well then it's very least if you're
gonna go with experts and you're gonna
appeal to masses then I would say is it
mostly atheists or evangelicals that are
for killing a baby after its birth I
don't think anybody who's for killing a
baby after its birth when New York more
evangelical czar more atheist being for
passing the law that allows babies they
it's allowing babies to be killed on the
birthing table
okay I gotta wait I have to wait for
this I need to see this it's pretty
shocking it's pretty sure I have it up
on the screen right now
New York's Reproductive Health Act was
signed by Democratic Governor Andrew
Cuomo on January 22nd trying to find out
specifically what it says here in okay
women may choose to have an abortion
prior to 24 weeks pregnancy is typically
range from 38 to 42 weeks after 24 weeks
such decisions must be made with the
determination that there is a absence of
viability or the procedure is necessary
to protect the patient's life or health
that determination must be made by a
health care practitioner licensed
certified or authorized under state law
acting within his or her lawful scope of
practice so this is basically saying if
the fetus is not viable so like I guess
like comatose or brain-dead or whatever
or if the no well no or [ __ ] or
severely deformed [ __ ] I don't see any
I am female no edelweiss say that but in
look like I can't I can't unpack the
entire law of abortion that I've been
studying forever I'll only tell you that
it does include that and when they say
health of the mother they mean mental
health also
I would have to see that demonstrated in
either an example or like a court case
where my mother knew a kid and said like
well it's gonna make me feel bad kill it
I don't think this happens I don't think
this is reality do they do and if they
do what will you will you vote for Trump
next time if they do Thanks
no because if I has a million other
problems point out an actual case will
you not will you not be so horrified at
the idea of what that party and those
people do that you'll start advocating
against them because you want to talk
about discrimination fifty percent of
blacks are aborted in New York right now
I believe D percent so I non-viable if
you deny that's the Klan's wet dream a
non-viable fetus is it no that's
different first of all the black person
chooses to get an abortion that's
different than you telling them to do it
right then murdering a boat don't just
Planned Parenthood targets black
neighborhoods with their with their
clinics so they get a higher count
blacks or if blacks are somehow being
oppressed because they're
over-represented in our criminal justice
system
then what about blacks being aborted at
over twice the rate as White's can are
morally different these are night and
day from difference in each other the
difference between an abortion is that
it is something that you choose whether
or not you are overrepresented and that
could be indicative of another problem
not necessarily though criminal justice
is something that is often inflicted
upon you so for instance the way that a
cop treats you the way that a judge
sentences you the way that a jury looks
at you the lately these are things that
are inflicted upon you generally against
your consent when you're arrested it's
usually against her consent so we would
never compare the criminal justice
system to access to abortions these are
these are totally morally different
things the idea that one is something
you choose and the other is something
that is inflicted upon you these are
totally different things
but don't you think it's weird that
Planned Parenthood puts more of its
clinics and in inner cities and poor
areas where there's more African
Americans being born on its face no that
doesn't sound weird at all I think black
people may be in lower socioeconomic
areas and it makes sense that Parenthood
would be in lower size would you rather
be called the n-word or wiped out of
existence by one party I don't want
anybody already wiping anyone out of
existence right now oh really fifty
percent of blacks are aborted is that
what's that called flourishing I don't
know is the populate is
the black population in the United
States growing shrinking or remaining
the same
our current black people being murdered
by abortion clinic do abortion clinics
of Planned Parenthood walk around with
air 15's and kill currently existing
black people no they don't have to
because they can get them in the room
instead with when people get a
shit-eating grin saying how moral they
are in doing it okay well it sounds that
are how the abortions are choosing to do
it so are the mothers also into all
black women want to destroy the race of
black people or yeah probably I mean if
if they I I can't explain I can't get
into a woman's head and explain what her
motive is I couldn't it was probably the
best thing I hated to go up with this
argument but that's like the best thing
you've said in regards to abortion so
maybe we should you know I'm talking
about I'm not arguing them I'm saying
what they do the effect of what they do
I don't care what's rolling around in
someone's head for instance you might
think Trump is a racist but he lowered
black on him by the way so III don't
judge what's rolling around in his head
and his intentions I see the did he do
good or bad for the black community he
did good I don't care how woke he is if
he causes black unemployment then III
judge him on that one measure of the
racist tendencies of a president can be
measured by a specific by the u3
unemployment number post about a federal
government that's how we determine a
president it's I can't judge it I don't
know intent
I don't know intent I know what people
do and I think the law is a lot safer
when it starts judging people on what
they do versus intent I don't even know
how we got to the law judging people I
know I don't know how we even got here
by the way I looked up the statistics
and it looks like from 2010 to 2012 the
the african-american population America
grew by at least two million population
of us shrinking we're not a replacement
are we up the white house 500,000 who
aren't there is that some kind of you
know I also make the argument in fine
using that metric if America such a
racist place because of our slavery
whatever more blacks have freely moved
here than blacks were forced here by
slavery I mean that sounds like a dozen
I mean like there's 300 million people
here now I'm sure a ton of people live
here I mean what but but but still does
it make sense that they'd move to a
particularly racist country it could be
less racist than other countries but
still racist in some regards
less racist than Africa or Africans more
racist now like the mom who's killing
her kid on the abortion it's entirely
laughing more it's entirely possible
that there are other ways that you could
judge a country by whether or not it's
racist it's entirely possible that one
country could be highly economically
destitute which would cause you to go to
another country that is more racist so
it is possible that a country like Sudan
might be less racist to black people
then actually like America but America
could offer greater economic opportunity
to them so they were who from a less
racist more racist I'm right now I'm
trying to demonstrate me a deductive
argument was not only was it unsound but
it was totally invalid right you just
gave me a deductive argument it said
that if one person moves from one
country to the next and we can
deductively say that that country was no
surprise argument I gave was it was I
judge outcome not intent okay but you
just said that somebody moving from one
country to another that's somehow
evidence that that country can't be
racist that's that's an absurd argument
I'm saying I would not argue their
intent I don't care why wouldn't even
attempt we're talking about specifically
the argument that you just said that if
somebody moves from one country to
another that that another country can't
be racist against them that argue well
one yeah likewise just like someone can
go into a country and it not be four and
they can still be racist a likewise
someone can kill their own color and
they and they have the same amount of
damage whether if they're racist or not
it doesn't matter you're arguing intent
with racism
no I'm argue you're bringing in like all
these separate like arguments that are
just focusing on like the one thing I'm
focusing very one thing it's five
hundred thousand dead black people it's
five thousand of the United States but a
lot of people philosophically don't
recognize fences as being people and
then gave me the argument of their
population in general growing as some
kind of a bomb or a cell no no the
reason why you need the clean alarm no
no no no you made the claim that black
people were going to their extinction in
the United States extinction generally
implies a decreasing population so I
find it strange I would say that they're
coming to a population don't argue
you don't have to argue that cuz I
exaggerated with extreme okay I'm sorry
my Bevin okay so a lot of people don't
recognize the fetus it's not fair for
you to ascribe to them a morality that
they don't subscribe to right like if
somebody doesn't recognize a fetus as a
person and they have an abortion you
can't say that that's a murder that's
not fair
well okay then maybe I maybe I see trans
people as dogs so okay if I don't see if
I see them as animals and you can't get
mad at me for saying they go in a kennel
because they want to say because that's
how I see them and if all of society did
it that would be okay well I mean then
we would have to get into voting and we
would see like where the I guess we're
the oh we would use logic to determine
if they're actually valuable people wait
no no no we don't use logic to determine
our laws I mean we've been voted on it
right well yeah no that's true that's
right but if you want to say that trans
people are dogs and I mean that's on you
you can do that it's your robot yeah you
want to say babies are a mass of
molecules and you can stick a scalpel in
them and I haven't committed murder
that's on you to wait no no no we just
did two totally different things
calling trans people dogs is a personal
decision in a personal belief in the
u.s. said the mother if she doesn't want
it doesn't have to keep it I'm saying in
the United States legally we don't
illegally we don't argue well even
morally morally and legally some people
don't view fetuses as people's trans as
dogs and they can but murdering us
murdering trans people or killing trans
people locking them in kennels violates
the law right now having an abortion
does not violate the law but that we're
arguing morality and then we switch over
to legality legality we all know that
laws I mean let's argue the morality of
it what's wrong with the boarding
something then if you want to abort a
fetus
it's it's innocent human life how can
you say that a fetus is a human because
it's where every every single person who
ever existed came from and every single
person who ever existed also came from
sperm and oh and ovaries like you're not
but you're not even differentiated as a
human at the sperm and OVA point point
but you are as a fetus I mean fetus
means baby it's Latin for baby okay so
great so have the irony of you trying to
use the definition of the word fetus
I'll ignore the whole earlier comments
are sure about marriage but like so I'm
asking you why should we endow
protections of life to like a bundle of
cells that doesn't even if we want to
talk about Plato's forums and on ideal
form of a human a fetus is not
literally a human fetus up till some
number of weeks indistinguishable from
like a cat or any other number of animal
fetuses why should we just recognize a
fetus is any kind of life yeah your
argument I would say is incoherent
because you're actually arguing against
your own existence if your mom didn't
want you but I wouldn't say that I would
say that my existence began at much
later stages in development when I
became a coherent person when I suppose
she told you if she aborted you at the
first week would you be here
no but if I killed your father before
your oh if I killed your father but we
ever impregnated your mother you
wouldn't be here either that's true that
illogical argument that is apples and
oranges no you're trying to say that if
you remove a certain person then I
wouldn't exist but how how you agree you
a Steven that's not even debatable right
if I removed you at one week in the womb
you would not be here so I'm arguing not
only for the for the life of the other
people I'm arguing for your life and
mine the right to exist okay we came
from that fetus and so do other people
it's not magic you know what I mean if I
if I California condor is an endangered
species if I went and took some of their
eggs and made a scrambled egg omelet a
one-week-old warm Condor egg the state
would find me for killing condors and
I'm only saying although this is a this
is a protected species this is a totally
separate type of argument well no no we
we have far more value than any Condor
does my point my point is don't think no
no Steven my point is when you kill the
egg you kill a condor and when we kill
that thing in the womb we kill you is my
point your can't find the connection
there well well I mean the connect well
I mean also in the United States if you
kill a mother who is pregnant oh I'm
sorry not if you kill a mother who's
pregnant but if you damage a mother who
is pregnant and her fetus dies I'm
pretty sure you can bring charges
against a person for some in some states
you can because in some states the
mother has to want you before you get
your constitutional right it's your
totally arbitrary now your rights come
from someone wanting you sure so let's
say let's say that I do grant you that a
bundle of cells that has no
consciousness no developed brain it
doesn't resemble a human in any size
shape or form in any way no no no no son
it
is I'm sorry for calling you sunshine it
it absolutely is a human it it's not a
tree it's not a pineapple it doesn't
look like us but it by definition is a
human in that every human passes through
that that is part of our development
part of our development sure but it
doesn't resemble any form of a human if
I were to if I were to hold up doesn't
look like us yeah if I were to hold out
a hand and show you a fetus whatever in
your head you idealize as a form of a
human this fetus would not pass any any
metric whatsoever that you ever know but
it is literally every single human being
went through that so it is by definition
a human I mean you don't you can't get
around that I mean every human at one
point was a disjointed egg and sperm as
well I I don't know I let's say that
let's say that I grant you that
which I'm not comfortable but let's say
that I even grant you that I said
science if science says that life begins
at conception
I mean life begins science says human
life begins at conception science
doesn't make that claim so that's the
feeling a overwhelming number of
scientists the majority of them say all
the experts say that it begins its
conception it's no no no no science
can't tell it science can't even tell us
what life is that's not what science
does that's a Phylis science says human
life begins no no it doesn't science
can't make that claim it's not a claim I
mean I can't show you the quotes right
now I'll have to look it up but tell me
the courts because science can't make
that claim science could make claims
about like our DNA might exist at the
moment of conception
science knows where human beings come
from so do you I can't believe I'm
debating this with you
what do you mean sign knows where human
beings come from of course if I destroy
you in the womb I destroy your entire
life of course sure there what the
argument whether or not what the
argument is whether or not that should
that life or whatever the hypothetical
life should even be considered at that
point in its development before it's
ever even had consciousness should we
ever consider that thing as being a
human life and the way that we behave a
lot of the times points to the idea that
we don't friends it's like a lot of
women have have miscarries that they
don't even know of right that a lot of
wives are destroyed you know two weeks
into a pregnancy a woman might have a
slightly heavier period and not even
know that she's murdered her child or
that her child has been aborted by her
body right
so I mean but but let's say that I let's
simply move past that I grant you that
what gives that right what gives the
right of that fetus that we'll say has
some endowments of human life or might
become a human at some point in time was
one hundred percent as human as it needs
to be at every stage of development it
can't exist on a percent but it can't
exist on its own it needs to be a
parasite in the body of another human
being right who is neither can neither
can someone in a can someone in a coma
they're entirely dependent on someone
else it we don't remove the human rights
and start harvesting their organs late
generally a person in a coma has already
entered into some form of social
contract with a government that it
exists with it pays taxes to someone
with Alzheimer's some with Alzheimer's
sure is generally taken care of by a
state that they've paid taxes into
they're a one day old baby you can't
take care of itself no but it can it can
exist in a separate physical form than a
mother can the my craving isn't fully
developed
I mean taenia brain isn't fully
developed you're 25 but a baby because
you don't look like a baby either you
don't look anything like a baby either
no you look like a baby looks a lot
closer to a human a fetus does
absolutely that's subjective
it is not lots of bodies I promise you a
baby looks very similar to a human being
it also looks very similar to a baby
inside the womb maybe it like 30 weeks
or whatever sure or whatever oh so you'd
be against it well you already said that
you're against abortions what are you
sure let's say let's say that we grant
okay but so I'm even willing to grant
all this well grant that the fetus is
worthy of life the human blah blah blah
what gives that fetus the right to exist
and parasite as a parasite and leech
resources off of a mother that no longer
consents to it being there why does that
fetuses rights to existence Trump the
mothers autonomy or a right to her own
body there I mean do you really believe
this that it's that it leeches off the
mother I mean it does by definition it
exists as a parasite in the body until
it grows to a certain stage where it's
ejected from the body yeah yeah I mean
homeless people leech off society too
but they're not physically dependent on
one other person we elected to take care
of homeless people through social power
everyone is physically dependent on
other people you are for your
electricity and your food don't shut
down and you sat here along I'm not
going to subject any soul in or they're
not gonna subject you to this horror
okay but if I were to show you my belly
okay I have a
in the middle I no longer have an
umbilical cord attached to me because I
do not take nutrients of another
person's body
so I okay this guy's got it look at that
belly button okay yeah yeah yeah so he
no longer is physically attached to
another entity leeching resources from
that person
so bleaching it's not leeching it's it's
every person goes through that yeah
every person is a leech in the early
stage of their development as a parasite
yeah
well then sorry but so are you and I
often I mean we we leech off each other
okay so let's say that I were to wake up
one day and you and I were attached at
the kidney because my kidneys stopped
working so where you have I'm running
dialysis through your body are we now
attached in the same way that you're
attached to a homeless person you pay
taxes too we both know these two things
are entirely awesome it's not identical
but that's reductio absurd 'i'm i think
you can you can push any parallels you
know as long as you want till you can
break it no I think I can make a very
clear definition that doesn't slippery
slope on anything else if you are
physically attached to another person's
body and you are taking resources from
that other person in a physical not a
social not a tax policy not a payment
not a handed me out or whatever not it
not it not a reward or a gift or
whatever that that physical attachment
is a violation of that person's autonomy
and a for that is not true that is not
true in fact if anything it's it's a
moral obligation because that person
made them what if they didn't elect what
if they didn't make them willingly it's
not I mean it's still not leeching
housing resource so let's say I take a
mother who is one month pregnant and she
says you know what I don't want this
thing in my body anymore how is it not
unwillingly leeching resources from that
woman's body
I mean leech is a are using that morally
like a like a no I'm just admittedly
it's a leech it's something that sits
there why do I just call it dependent I
mean okay we can say it is a dependent
physical being whatever however whatever
euphemism you want to use to redefine it
to make it feel better
it's a dependent physical it's not
that's not that's just engineers it's
not to make me feel better it's it is a
fact well women who have children live
longer than women who don't so maybe in
one way it's what you call dependent and
on another way it's extending the
person's life yeah but
in a liberal society in a classic
liberalism not like liberal conservative
but like in a society where we allow
people to make free choices you would
compel somebody to go through an act
that they don't ask that they don't
consent to because it might extend their
life I don't even know I'm using the
argument to counter that it is merely a
leaching or a draining of resources
because of its dependence I'm saying but
it is draining resources what do you
mean that it is using up physical
nutrients and the mother's eating them
and passing them on to the kid yeah and
I'm kid well later in being born I
assume you know the mother the mother is
fine after the birth the mother walks
around she can she puts the kid up for
adoption or the baby dies or whatever
whatever it does it's not its dependence
but it doesn't make it immoral okay
let's say that you were to wake up in a
hospital and I was connected to your
body and I was using your kidneys to
clean my blood and we had to walk around
and be together for the next nine months
would it be moral for me without your
consent to take over parts of your body
like that or do you think that would be
moral it'd be okay for me to do it it
would be immoral so how is a fetus or a
small human dependent thing different in
this case the fetus first of all is
innocent and with anything it's it it
has a right in and of itself accordingly
to our Constitution it has a right to
life and I would say a coordination
right now it doesn't right because roe v
wade decided that we can have abortion
so yeah yeah it also once said blacks
can't vote but I don't Q so I don't
really I'm not I'm saying that we don't
care about it then don't cite the
Constitution for the Constitution
because because I believe the
Constitution using its words are
pointing to immaterial truths which is
that every person is self-evident they
said that we have a right to life
liberty and the pursuit of happiness
so whatever second wait and if you're
saying that we don't that Constitution
is not arguably pointing to a truth that
we have a right to life liberty and the
pursuit of happiness then I would say at
least from a legal standpoint
I could not say that you coming in and
using my kidneys without my permission
was immoral the Sharks world and
pregnant woman would say the same thing
about a fetus using her body's resources
against her consent
now she's wrong she's wrong because it's
immoral because it stops people like you
from existing you're arguing against
your own existence just because
something can stop somebody from
existing doesn't necessarily make it
wrong you have to go farther from that
oh really you so so calling someone the
n-word is the horror of [ __ ] and
stopping someone from existing is yeah
some people don't exist some people do
let's say that this day let's say that
the state had a program that made it so
that ten people every year had to have a
child with one another and then after 20
years somebody before that I'd say over
20 years somebody came with like whoa
hold on we should stop this program and
the specific will hold on you were born
after this program you're arguing
against your own existence that's not
like a that's not a counter to anything
it's like a total non sequitur non-real
a thats a totally non whether or not I'm
arguing for or against something that
might hypothetically impact my existence
has no bearing on the argument I'm
making and the original argument I'm
making to refocus and repeat it again is
why is it that a person that steals your
resources once they're out of the womb
like if I attach my body to yours and
ask you and ask to live with you for
nine months how is that different from
up from stealing stealing implies
morality so you can't that's a circular
argument you can't make that in the
argument if you use another word all
imply stealing here because stealing
generally means taking something without
the consent of another person which is
what if it doesn't that doesn't belong
to you no but the mom also it's not
being stolen from the mom because her
body also is autonomous and what it
gives to the kid she's not sitting there
thinking I'm for I'm sending nutrients
to the kid I'm sending nutrients to the
kid her body is no more a decider as the
baby is no he's not taken decision at
any point in time she can have an
abortion
yes Stephen taking requires agency the
baby is not an agent that is consciously
taking anything you're arguing that it's
not it's nothing it's a clump of cells
it's it's it's a bot it's no different
than any other bodily function just
working do I have a right to defend
myself against somebody that tries to
attack me or murder me if they if they
if it's like very clear that's what's
gonna happen somebody walks into my
house they have a knife and I have a
guess okay let's say that that person is
is engaging in some sort of extreme like
like sleepwalking
so that's person asleep walking into my
house they have a knife and they're
about to kill me do I have a right to
kill them to defend myself yes so this
is a person acting with no age I don't
know about kill them but defend yourself
I will say it say I can only do it via
killing them this is a person that is
acting on me with violent with a violent
action with no intention but they're
acting I mean of violent way and I'm
defending myself in my autonomy using
any means necessary why is a woman not
given the same permission that I would
be to defend myself in the circumstance
using that hypothetical I have a hard
time seeing an instance where you would
absolutely have to kill a sleepwalker I
would say you could hobble him in the
same way I if the if and the reason why
it's okay to hobble em is because his
life has value okay well so you can't
remove the baby and put it in another
print you know and and have it be born
alive and you could do that you could
remove it where does the always go
straight to kill Steve and I know I know
our nature wants us to go there but I'm
just saying we don't have to kill all
have to kill them then we can just let's
hold off on the kill kill show so we
don't have to kill the fetus we can just
remove it from the body and we can set
it on in a basket we can let it grow as
it would and if it dies then it dies and
we discard it no you have a moral
obligation to take care of that thing
why do you have a moral obligation to
because a baby is helpless it's what it
why do you act like you don't know what
a baby is I'm but if if the mother
didn't consent for that baby to exist
sure then then why does she have a moral
obligation to take care of it what is
that moral obligation come from she
doesn't take care of it for a life she
has to birth it why'd she have to birth
it that's your that you just say that I
I'm not trying to call you a man you
just say like well you just got a birth
it that's a very big process it's not
just like you go and take a really big
[ __ ] that's like nine months of like
permanently body changing stuff like
that's a big thing to do
yeah um so is killing a baby a big thing
to do an abortion is generally easier
than going through a full term delivery
pregnancy I didn't say easier I said a
bigger thing as far as life being ended
thing okay but I'm that still doesn't
address the point of I'm asking because
there's no that's what the argument is
about is about is a life being taken or
not so you so it's not the same thing
you know a birth offers offers you a
living baby and
portion kills a baby yeah but the but
the baby that is growing in your body is
without your consent
stealing resources from our body or
taking I'm sorry not stealing well I
think we probably exhausted this running
running I don't I don't get where you're
going I'm not gonna bite on the whole
dependency thing I think it's a lame
argument but I mean by definition is
dependent on the mother's body for food
thank you yeah I decided you're not
getting around with me on that I don't
get it I don't get it at all
I just I literally I'm on another planet
if that's if that's where you're going I
can't I can't even go with the premise
okay how's everyone doing for time we
can go longer or I don't know how much
time everyone has available in their
schedule right now I was supposed to
write a script today so I've already
screwed the page on my schedule so I
don't care all right
I'm more about is the audience
entertaining to you guys are we clicking
along good enough or weak oh yeah yeah
but the audience is the audience has all
been saying that Doug wins oh boy it's
not fair we we have a Twitter poll
there's a link down in the description
if anyone wants to vote in that check
that now it helps it all Stephen I don't
care what the if the audience says I win
or not I just wanna I I think I hope it
will so many hostile communities don't
worry that's all good Jellicle christian
come on good I like how it's a meme
among Stephens fans to say that he got
destroyed I'm always saying Stephen must
be formidable for it to be a big deal to
say that he got destroyed that's a
compliment it's a compliment for them to
get off on you're being destroyed it's
implied that you're hard to and they're
getting great joy of it I'm just saying
I and I just I on these debates you know
what I don't want to just defend my
ground for the hell of it even if it's
to defend my religion I really do if I'm
wrong about something I I hope I figure
it out someday I haven't if happiness
about all these things I hold dear you
know I hope I figure it out someday
go ahead so Doug where do you stand on
like a more pragmatic approach to drug
handling the issue of drug usage and
addiction
right on you for pot all the time well
okay so do you think you know continuing
criminality and regardless of a drug
itself concern continuing criminality of
a drug is better in the long run to to
stopping you know the the bad things
that come with drug usage or do you
think maybe you know they we should
legalize the drugs that we think are
safer like how we already have alcohol
alcohol and some places I love me some
alcohol and I could go for some whiskey
right now I'm have to take a break but
alcohol but you're opposed to marijuana
yeah no no hold on Steven I guess it's
totally incoherent
I'm not said you're saying I've got the
logical structure proach where you know
we recognize as as a society that
certain drugs are less harmful yeah yeah
how they should be legalized and then
also what about places like safe
injection sites oh come now
okay you're gonna keep pushing until you
find a place where I mean in general
like my big problem with drugs and again
I'm going to totally discredit myself as
soon as this falls out of my mouth it is
with it is with the addictive qualities
bugs me the most about it because you
start to take away the free will of
someone down the road so first I have
free will against something addictive
and then later you know alcohol or
marijuana right now I don't I don't
believe alcohol unless you have a
chemical disposition alcoholism is is an
addictive drug I'm talking more about
heroin heroin oxycodone
what about like it in marijuana I'm iffy
on I'm just against that cuz I just
because I hate pot smoke you think
there's a chance that marijuana could be
more addictive than alcohol I do you
think there's a chance yeah okay III
agrees they're working on different
parts of the brain and they're working
on different chemistry I'm saying it is
it is possible and they're doing Studies
on this right now in England so what
cigarettes I'm just curious I'm dude I'm
a huge smoker I mean right now I'm
chewing I've got Copenhagen in my mouth
so I'm a huge addict of type AB solute
addict of tobacco tobacco is okay but
marijuana is not yeah even though you
can't even have our conversation right
now without chewing tobacco you're gonna
tell me that marijuana is more addicting
than I know I didn't I I'm not saying
I'm against nothing's more addicting
than sigur than tobacco so I'm I'm
making I'm saying I'm telling you it is
an incoherent arguing I'm just saying
that in I'm telling you what I believe
I'm saying in general I'm for tobacco
and for alcohol I'm soso on pot I'm
against the hyper more hyper addictive
prescription medicines and I'm generally
against the state I'm um I also have a
libertarian strand in me where I see it
is sympathetic I'm sympathetic to the
idea of I'm just making all drugs legal
I just I just see the damage as being so
outrageous I have a hard time pulling
that trigger and saying well you're free
to take it I'll get your car models
how about yeah yeah how about safe
injection sites that are designed to
prohibit the spread of blood-borne
illness that's another also another
weird one because I'm against the state
and encouraging it but at the same time
like I said with the I could see why the
state would say it's better to have two
gay people together maybe not call it
marriage than having them be single I
could see what the state would say a
safe injection site is less bad than
having no clean needles and no safe
injection site so I can I you know I'm
open I'm against it but it might be in
coherent what I believe I mean I don't
even know if there's anything for me to
respond I mean I'm like everybody on the
planet needs to [ __ ] like drop acid
like one time or deed like a [ __ ] hat
or some [ __ ] just to have the experience
because Jesus Christ I've never done pot
getting high for you or or or or
psychedelic would be it would be so much
more enjoyable for you than whatever you
get out of like drinking or nicotine
like it's such a more enjoyable
experience the idea that people can be
addicted to tobacco and and then also
decry things like getting high or having
a psychedelic
it's like that's insane to me that is
crazy to me but it could very well be
Steven it could very well be I could
very well be wrong on both fronts on
this but I'm saying I'm saying I I I'm
mostly against pot and drugs because I
know that if I took them I absolutely
would be addicted for life until I
crashed my life into the ground so that
doesn't mean I have a right to take that
from other people but I know what I
assumed reason why I don't play World of
Warcraft it's like I know once I signed
up for it you know I'd never do work
again
I just live online so I it's kind of
like there are and the problem that
we're arguing here so we're saying
should the state step in that's just a
totally different argument I'm just but
I'm giving you the reasons why I'm
against these things and generally I'm
against tobacco because I don't believe
people should be a slave to anything so
I do have an intention to get off and I
try to get off and then I fail and get
back on or the same thing with Billie
and food like I admire his fight because
I see that as the same fight that I have
against tobacco or against uh cussing or
against hating people or against
pornography it's like I try try try and
sometimes you fail and they definitely
don't make food illegal though I mean
yeah they don't well New York does with
big certain size soft drinks they just
bite you in their eye and the sodas ban
the service I'm saying this the state is
starting to make a case and it wouldn't
solution great drink tax here in Seattle
so that's yeah what do you feel about
that no they're not criminalizing it I
got to make more money and I do believe
eventually if Libs take over they'll
eventually make me illegal I don't I
don't think there's a chance of that
happening yeah I would love that
I like meat all the time but if they
they made illegal and the cow parts
didn't kill our world yeah cow farts
just riding cows god damnit cow farts
are worse than abortion in America I
need off-the-grid just like you guys
smoke pot before it was legal I'd be
your brother on that one I'd be buying
it for cannibal the only nutrients and
only meat nutrients you can get rather
humans before I would have to die before
I ate
time I need to buy Tita fetuses what
barbecue sauce I don't give a [ __ ] but
would you love yeah
would you eat minorities because if you
maybe even you're racist I like I just
like to point out that I really love
that like conservatives always doomsday
like the horrible things that liberals
would do but these things like never
actually happen but like conservatives
like on ironically like Trump is like
banning trans people from being in the
military like this stuff actually
happens but then we always talk about
these weird hyper that it was well on
YouTube I saw this video of this woman
with with blue hair saying she wanted to
make men and video games illegal like
literally like people broke into like
the [ __ ] bunkers where Hitler's dead
body was found and like the [ __ ]
Hitler manifesto was like step one like
the new Marvel movie will have an
all-female lead and like step two like
battlefield will have a prosthetics like
these are the master plans to take over
but then we ignore the fact that like
conservatives are actually like
destroying the country in some ways like
defunding the Affordable Care Act and
leaving millions of people without
affordable health care or banning trans
people from the military or like but
these are things I don't know I'm not
smart enough to debate that but I
disagree no stay here and go and do
generalities about all these facts I
mean I'm not sure I'm signing specific
policies like the Conservatives did
defund the Affordable Care Act like
Trump is hiding a transmitter a band
like these are things that actually
happen and no I agree with those I don't
agree with the damage that you stay ok
well I mean as somebody that cares about
LGBT rights and people's access to
health care these are things that I care
about I'm not sure what I care about
people's access to health care and I
care about LGBT rights too but not trans
people being in the military I can see a
reason why they might not work out in
the military also why women might not
work out the military don't you think we
should let the military deal with that
and not have some weird executive order
from the president no yeah I bet but I
mean you do realize that the military
serves it under the president so I'm
saying he probably no I think we have
separate departments that make decisions
about these things like the president is
technically the head but we have
different departments that evaluate
whether and things are effective means
trans people have been vetted and if an
effectively integrated into the military
this is a measure already happened yeah
but but you say you'd make the case then
that Trump should not be able to ban
trans and Obama should not be able to
force the military to accept trans
because you're saying it's not a
presidential power regardless I mean I'm
saying well stick to the military I
think that we should expand the rights
in this country to as many people as
possible so if somebody wants to say we
should be more inclusive certain things
than I think that's good
now if the military needs to do ways to
figure out how to make that work I'm ok
with the military doing that as well if
if the case were that trans people just
couldn't effectively serve in the
military in any capacity then I would be
ok with saying oh ok well then no
transmission well that's my position
exactly but that's not Trump's position
because the military already did say
that it was ok I'm not a trump I mean
that's what I was arguing against was it
Trump this Trump is pushing through it
like together so we're generally in
agreement with that I my only beef with
with trans being in the military
number one is what you said is if an
authority within the military who is
making a decent guess as to what would
bring about the best coherence of troops
or whatever and if someone found out
that like they just didn't work out in
war or whatever then then I would
concede to that and if they found out
that they were excellent killers and
made the military better and were great
soldiers and made camaraderie I'd be all
for it
sure which is what trans people already
seem to do but but okay I mean I don't
think we disagree yeah yeah we've gotta
come up with more stuff we disagree on
yeah oh man I mean you guys didn't
really get into Trump I kind of asked
about Trump but well I've got a whole
sheet listed up on things like I mean my
homework but well no I just as we were
talking because I disagree with almost
any sense I mean my two biggest points
of contention with trouble the two most
damaging things if we ignore all the
weird fascist [ __ ] or whatever policy
wise I'm scrapping the a vase I don't
remember the whole abbreviation for the
Iran deal the Iran nuclear deal
yeah I'm is easily one of the worst
diplomatic things in [ __ ] recent
American history that I can think of and
then scrapping the mandate for the ACA I
think these are two of the horrendous
without a replacement or the most
horrendously damaging like impactful
thing
that I think Trump has done as president
yeah disagree I don't care okay uh you
know it's just to me it's a it's so I
care so little about it it's kind of
moot but um do you three Steven do you
agree with what Doug said about how we
have this amazing economy going on right
now and Trump is the reason why it
hasn't done anything for me I mean the
examine right now is hardcore carried by
like our tech companies and [ __ ] I mean
Trump did just do a [ __ ] ton of stimulus
spending which hilariously Republicans
have always been against but I mean
Trump literally slashed taxes for people
including very why was against it okay
against that tax cut came at the cost of
a higher budget deficit which again like
Republican I was against that too so
yeah the idea I don't think Trump gets
any credit for our current economy
especially when most of the Trump
policies that he's implemented have
actually been harmful to parts of the
economy for instance the massive trade
were going on with China even the state
that I came from posted over billion
dollars and losses in different
companies like Ford have laid off people
and are partially citing them by the way
he has more liberal support with
liberals have always supported tariffs
more than Republicans and most of trumps
opposition to tariffs in principle or
conservatives because we tend to be
against tariffs kind protection well a
free-market conservatives
yeah which are very rare because most
free-market conservatives are actually
just racist Tea Party people in disguise
it's like printing a lot of frame well
princess are you for against like
cottage borders I'm a I'm way against
open bullets sure so you're not a
free-market conservative because you
don't believe in the market regulating
immigration which is what a libertarian
would say it does no I know
did I dude if I walked around I don't
know what country you're from but if I
if if I want to just walk across
france's border i would expect them to
throw me in jail well actually no that's
a no you don't need one nope if because
France is part of the EU they're also
part of the Schengen area that Schengen
Agreement means that you can actually
cross borders in the EU without having
to show up passport so you wouldn't have
to do that there yeah but well a couple
years ago before the EU I would have
yeah maybe but not right now because
they understand that free is really very
valuable to those countries so you're
saying that's good but so if if a
country does not say falls out of a
brexit like the UK and they choose to
put up gates and you
can't legally get into that country
you'd still say you should be able to
well I'm a free market guy so I would
yeah your you value something more than
markets some idea of nationalism or
whatever but I'm a big capitalist market
guy so the free movement of labor is a
very central important tension to like
can you try the free markets the globe
and I apply it to the US that's not a
free market that's something they friend
it's some nationalistic that's a
different type of thing well the this is
the problem is we really don't have a
free market even here first of all the
free market isn't ideal and we've never
really touched it we've come close to it
and we try to but it's it's more an
ideal anything else but I'm saying it's
more free here than most places okay
that is nothing and what we were just
talking about though which is your the
reason why you can't observe free market
globally is because other countries will
put their finger on the scales and
manipulate the inflate the value of
their dollar and make it unfair and so
the free market only works if it is free
well that's not just open you want
that's not an open market with anybody
anywhere that's why you have
international like multilateral trade
agreements like the TPP or things like
the EU or things like NAFTA or like the
WTO to enforce these types of
regulations across the world so that you
can have free markets sure and Trump by
the way he's only manipulating the TPP
allegedly will try to get a more to try
and get a more fair maybe his dad Trump
hates the TPP Trump Trump doesn't go for
any fair deal because he doesn't know
how to negotiate any multilateral trade
agreement I know that's that's a
different story yeah I don't I'm not I'm
in general not my my judgments of him
are not granular on what he does day to
day I will say the outcome as I step
back is pretty dang good my 401k is good
that it all these things are good but
there are bad things like the dad you
must have like you must have super loved
Obama then right because his economy was
exploding for like seven years running
not I don't know about exploding but I'm
saying he they say the free market
economists say these are again I don't
want to appeal to all of the experts out
there but the free market economists
said he prolonged the recession because
of the things that he did of like I
heart
heard that in my entire life the the
tarp stuff was universally lauded as a
good idea it was terrible it was
terrible I was against it and I was
against every Republican that voted for
it okay I am my understanding is that is
dramatically against the economic
consensus that most people agree that
had tarp not happened had interest rates
not drop to zero which the Obama does
control the Fed but had these economic
stimulus has not happened that we would
have had a much worse recession as it
stands that recession lasted for I think
it was like four or five years before we
completely recovered at least in the
markets all of the wealth wasn't
restored proportionally to America
because unfortunately the rich tend to
profit off of these events but by like
2013 we were pretty much back in the
markets where we were before and then we
had massive gains for like the next four
or five years until Trump gained its
office but overall were you were you
okay with us being a trillion dollars in
debt and then eighteen trillion dollars
in debt by the time Oh bomb I left
office
I mean complicated affair I think in
general it would be probably better to
reduce our debt I think but I don't
think the debt is as much a big deal as
people make it out to be okay yeah I'm
against the debt why you against the
debt I think it really destabilizes
American where we could be on the brink
of a huge recession however the same way
as America because of the because of who
holds the who holds the paper on it well
the largest owner of American debt right
now is the United States notes China
China pretty sure the u.s. is the
largest holder of like Treasury bond oh
[ __ ] hold on I gotta look it up yeah you
know what you you could be right you
could be right but I only know that
China's way up there and I'm only saying
the like if worldwide interest rates
start going up and we have to pay higher
interest on and we'd be in the day in
danger of an economic collapse and again
I'm I'm not an economist I'm a hooding
economist I'm too dumb to figure it out
so I probably shouldn't even be stepping
into these waters only saying I believe
at hard core I'm against the jet and
that's it uh Steven I don't even know if
you want to get into this but just to be
clear just real quick so our debt is
twenty one point two one trillion
dollars for investors hold less than 30
percent of that debt most of it is
holding okay
people keep asking for the incest debate
I don't know if you think that's oh come
I don't I don't think I want to do this
what is the debate incest with people
before his in his videos like pornhub
style incest where it's stepbrothers on
my entire front page stepbrother
stepsister my front page it's all like
stepbrother takes a normal person's
watching this show really oh yeah sorry
I my parents watch the first time I was
on the show you know what you know what
though Billy's mom is a big fan of yours
Doug oh good good lady we like her she
she texted me to tell me that you were
banned from Twitter Oh her name what is
her name I would rather not tell you so
for your mom I just say I love you
thanks for your support I'm gonna bring
you likes happy birthday Doug today is a
birthday it's my mom's birthday we wish
her happy birthday
Jude happy birthday Billy's mom you know
what if you weren't born then Billy
wouldn't be born yeah do you think it'd
be murder one person you should actually
be charged with like a thousand murders
because you actually she's my fan she's
my girl Cicely one of those babies in
the line of birth would have been in in
sell and not gotten anybody pregnant so
we should figure out the average like
life tree or like family tree a person
and anytime you murder someone you
should be charged without many murders
because you prevent you know their
potential yeah anyways happy birthday to
Billy's mom I love you so thank you so
much for and thanks for for keeping tabs
on me on Twitter I am you know it's a
little lonelier when you get your
account wiped out and nobody notices so
you noticed so thank you when I lived in
Ohio there was a law where if someone
killed a pregnant woman they got charged
for two murders yeah I don't know how
calm and that is I think that's like a
case by case it's state by state hmm
it's interesting yeah so so again is
that equal protection under the law when
in one state your rights come from your
mom wanting you and another state comes
from your just your ability to exist
it's like I think it's unfair and I
don't think everyone should have I think
anyone should have the right to have
their life taken from them
socha mama yeah that's what the
pro-choice people argue that you
shouldn't be allowed to take the life of
a mother and forced her to be a
surrogate for nine months for something
growing inside of her against her
consent but that is not what they argue
that is not they argument is I don't
want it they argue there's only one
person it's not two people to be argued
for so they're saying one person has a
right to privacy and the right to her
body and the other person does not have
a right there it's not a person in
Supreme Court the formal decision in roe
v wade said that the court can't know so
we won't decide
wink-wink do what you want to do and
these so that so they really they refuse
to defend the unborn life as having
civil rights and I'm for the civil
rights of the unborn there's a t that a
woman can drink right and anytime the
woman is drinking the tea she's
perfectly fine but if she happens to
have a freeloader in her womb the
freeloader will be evicted can she no
longer drink that tea just because she's
got a freeloader inside of her womb I
mean if you're asking me I wouldn't I
wouldn't allow that tea to be sold she
could drink the tea when the freeloaders
not there why does she have to stop
drinking this tea just because it's a
little punk-ass baby or won't
punk-ass that punk-ass babies you oh
it's you I'm I'm here arguing for your
life my mom tried to get rid of me twice
really
well after I was born she's gonna kick
me out she was like get out of the house
I'm like mom no yeah and you were 29
years old you're like yeah and I'm
standing a fetus right here I'm just
I've been here for 29 years I get out of
the house I'm with her
Billie I'm with her now you don't care
about the child's life [ __ ] you Doug no
no it's because I care about you I want
you out and Self 2.0 lies it's the
perfect meme are you for or against like
welfare in general I'm you know that you
know that's a trick question so yeah
what did you question cuz I'm trying to
catch on to see if you're like very big
on like protecting the life of the baby
up until it's born but once it's born
you don't care about providing
assistance to it anymore that's
I don't believe that at all and not only
do I believe in in the government you
know helping assisting and paying for
impoverished young families but I
personally devote my life to helping
poor single pregnant moms to make it
easier on them so they won't choose a
portion my wife and I are involved in
ministries that help help them with
their health and with their food and
with their clothing and stuff like that
so that they are more likely to not use
the argument if I can't afford it and if
they choose to keep the baby we want to
help them as young moms
thank you Doug love him - thanks mom
yeah yeah my mom loves you Doug
she should she's a we're kindred spirits
were kindred spirits
she says Doug wins yeah you're your mom
and I have more in common than you to do
and you even share DNA
yeah my mom is an artist oh yeah see my
art people yeah I got to send her some
art I got a maker
tell her ask her to request something
for me I'll make her some and mail it to
her okay some art I want and I want if
she's an artist I want some of her art
to hanging in my style but her put her
right back there on the wall right there
seeing that she's also a Christian so
she'll probably like yeah tell her give
you the holiest art the awesomest job
she can do some more someone send in a
stream labs earlier said what's Doug's
opinion on Earthworm Jim 3d for Nintendo
64 it's uh that is the worst trash
garbage tear game that should have been
aborted that's the only thing I'm for
abortion is aborting interesting that
you used the word abortion they're in a
different meaning than how we'd all
previously agree that it should be used
it's almost like language evolves to
take on different meanings it's done
it's the only moral use of a board so
when the royalty check came in Doug
you're like no can't accept this garbage
I got a very small royalty cheque from
it and I would have been glad in fact i
when they sent the what happened was we
went with a different company the people
who made the first two so first two was
me and the team I left right before the
second game was finished in the third
game they just parsed it out to a third
whatever a company that was barely
capable of making this game I read the
game design document they said you have
a right to
creative approval I said I don't approve
of this game I don't approve of the game
play it on a proof of the writing I
don't approve of the characters they
come up with this is not earthworm jim
and they said ok thank you goodbye
we're doing this for the money and they
went off and made the game and it was
terrible
that's my opinion of it does not hold up
to jim 1 & 2 which was a long time ago
look man 25 years ago i just got him to
play earthworm jim steve i played this
thing i can bring up a genesis hey I saw
you playing a game on your stream well
it was the one where you're going around
shooting everything shooting all these
monsters it's a 3/4 top-down kind of
adventure looking game there was like
scorpioned demons and stuff and you're
shooting them you were you were doing a
stream while and you were how long ago
well two years ago was it doom no it
didn't look like doom what kind of
Diablo but not Diablo yeah that could be
it
just curious
bicurious we got another one from
blackhat hey guys Attorney 21 this
Sunday so please wish me a happy
birthday
and st. Patrick's Day love you Billy
love you too yeah love ya Billy are you
still on it I see you post your weight
and I get so happy you were down to 350
yeah I'm about to break that mark I
guess I don't know I'm still we're still
working on it trying to get down to 49
it's like that's a big number I was
started at like 600 or so so I was like
wow all of Lord yeah and about a year
like it's been about a year in three
months and he's lost like over 300 if
you mean a documentary of this like if
you're doing interviews and stuff and
you can cut the video out of this and
make a documentary you'd make millions
of dollars on that of just yours I lost
like 307 pounds in one year man who
doesn't want to see that someone Conte
cats end in 1 said thanks for hosting
this debate between endless Jes and
Brett Keane you guys keep up the amazing
work thank you Fidel Castro wait you
have to explain that to me because I'm
not a
internet knob what does he mean oh just
I guess he's trying to say you don't
know what there you guys must look or I
don't think they look like either of
them I don't know what that's all about
you don't get it either but we
appreciate the money yeah hey guys we
like even those jokes that we don't get
as long as the super chats keep coming
as long as my dreams come here Theo
Castro came in for $3 destiny I believe
in free markets also destiny let's use
socialist policies to improve society
walk America oh nice
so I don't believe in free markets as an
end to themselves I literally said that
I think that free markets generally
deliver the most good that can be
delivered generally but there are also
market failures that have to be
addressed using other means I wish I had
like an easier way to wrap that up in a
way that like a 15 year old libertarian
might understand but maybe he'll find
the answers to all of his economic woes
buried in The Fountainhead or some other
equally intelligent Iran novel or
Friedman's writings Milt Friedman is a
good economist and Thomas Sol they're
good they're solid
ok and if you guys like debates like
this one between Stephen and I why don't
you get this show up to the bonus show
money oh you go in there it's definitely
gonna happen and we still have quite a
few days left so so if they have a whole
bunch of cheddar and they're right now
wouldn't you say how much is that that's
only two hundred and twenty four dollars
yeah it'll be that's nothing you can't
raise that you can raise that right now
someone oh you know what Dusty's owner
came in can conduc and Dustin E put
aside their differences and agree that
dusty the cockatiel is a beautiful word
I've already sent us on your show before
who's the beautiful bird dusty there's
yeah there's there's this guy that's a
fan of our show and sometimes he'll
become a patron to where he can appear
on the show and he just has his cocktail
Stephen so without even seeing this
seeing this cockatiel and knowing if it
in fact is beautiful not could you you
know words can pretty [ __ ] gives you a
beautiful bird do you say that
we asked to call a cockatiel beautiful
is a beautiful bird sure can you fake
one it's like matrix - it's like you
have to make me bullets all see fake
enthusiasm I'm really bad at even
showing genuine enthusiasm so the guy
with the bird paid Sinbad or no no he
paid Kevin Sorbo
and Tom Arnold to make videos to us
top-quality it's kind of weird he also
does videos where he walks around like
Target and Walmart and just rips ass far
near people's hearts and makes one-liner
jokes he did it to like Santa Claus at
the mall
I think it's immoral that I'm laughing
and I find it real yeah crop-dusting I
love you guys very much but I have like
another podcast I need to do like fairly
sure Oh mister whoa I really got all
kinds of podcasts to do - guys I better
be oh no that's okay yeah Tom Hanks I'm
on a conference call with Tom Hanks no
I'm kidding we want a little longer than
usual anyway so I appreciate both you
guys being on and yeah thanks a lot
Thank You Stephen thank you Doug check
them out in the description their links
in the description follow them both I
need subs and hey Stephen thanks for
this debate I appreciate your candor I
appreciate the way you think and I think
you gave me a lot to think about so
thanks yeah thanks a lot I appreciate
that conversation as well yeah this is
good anytime anytime bro don't be sad
I'm it's me uncle Doug's here
everything's good we're good I got a
smile out of him brother we're good I'll
see you I'll see you on another show
okay all right my friends I'll see you
guys later
[Music]
