I'm gonna take a quick break because
I've always wanted the chance to talk to
this dude oh my god I'm just I'm I'm so
excited right now
[ __ ] I'm gonna set this like god damn
[ __ ] barge [ __ ] goddamn stream
player all right that's what's gonna
happen we're not gonna do any more this
weird [ __ ] all right I'll see you in a
bit Craig wait what's going on wait is
crappy leaving Craig yeah we just
settled our shitty I'm trying to get it
through his head that I'm not gay and he
won't believe me so it's just like okay
wait hold on cuz I can't tell what's the
toilet at Craig you understand that what
you do is like insanely [ __ ] creepy
right that you have like a mental
disorder that you need to get like
therapy they're like what you do is like
totally not cool to debates you think I
send pictures of myself masturbating on
a pic on till like videos at people and
[ __ ] you think I'd do that great it's
incredibly unfair that you told him to I
mean you said free letters to him over
Twitter did you not then I said what I
mean you literally told him to end his
life over Twitter yeah I might oh that's
how I'd overkill ourselves but I mean
like that's rude don't tell anybody I
just seems like really creepy - okay
well then wait weather-wise everybody in
this call is [ __ ] [ __ ] like this
guy listen let me speak Craig suffers
from Asperger's and you suffer from old
man short nice that is really good job
thank you make it like recording videos
of yourself like [ __ ] shouting under
people's pictures and then posting it
online while like pretending that you're
engaged is some sort of like
long-distance relationship when I was
like really [ __ ] right I I just think
it's really weird that like everybody
enables his favor I don't really [ __ ]
creepy - he's like a guy were to do this
to any girl streamer like everybody
would be talking about how disgusting it
is what I go since much is a guy it's
okay I don't know I just always like
starts with Landon
what's wrong with it Mitch doesn't have
any interest in being your boyfriend no
Mitch wanted the video did he really
yes he did yeah not gonna enable you
guys to make people believe that I told
this guy to masturbate somebody posed as
me it was probably somebody posed as me
could have been someone be honest to you
I have literally like I never spoke to
you in my goddamn life okay the only
time I talked to you was at PAX East and
the time that I messaged you to tell you
to relax and you still didn't relax okay
so that is that that's where we're at
also can we Claire can we clarify for a
second this has nothing to do with
having Asperger's I know plenty of
people with ASD that would never go to
the links that vampire has gone to to
sexually harass Mitch so it's really
insulting that you would say well I
guess it's all just a big name I never
meant carry on I guess like jerking off
and then posting on you to me it's
become um it's become so like I'm like
I'm not okay with it but I can't I can't
do anything about it like put to be
serious like you should tell people not
to joke about it like because this
vampire dude obviously has like a mental
disability and like he's gonna feel like
he's being empowered by people like
Greek laughing at like it's just really
[ __ ] crazy theater like Mitch this is
the type of guy that walks up behind you
in an event Pat's you on the back and
walks away and then you realize that he
left like a massive water [ __ ] [ __ ] in
your hair is something like it's that
disgusting just by tiredness it eru if
you don't mind me asking I'm Irish and
Italian Italian so base that's basically
like being a minority so he's not you
understand just as you said use yourself
he is not privileged so you have to be
understanding that he's in a really
rough place and that you don't know it
that's like to be in that rough place as
a cyst white male wow that's not some
real [ __ ] some real [ __ ]
wait you have a stream on in the
background - holy [ __ ] that's me if he
made a video of coming to you what would
you do well I would call him a wreath
out of a block come on every platform
and I would never encourage it okay well
well baffi still does it then well you
ignore it report it I don't know then
move on
I sure smoke wouldn't be dragging him
into discs or to have conversations with
him so people like you could empower the
behavior the only thing is like all the
people around me if you messages them
and they replied to him content I said
this dream is destiny and then like
somebody said oh Ram like Craig's near I
wanted to get Craig in here to tell him
that he knows I don't want to be his boy
ok so maybe this is where like this is
where you would get like somebody like I
I would hope from what I've seen if them
train wrecks would like have your back
here you'd need like an actual friend to
have your back not somebody that's
trying to like get and like make fun of
like destiny he knows what is right and
what is wrong to jerk off to you just
like when you talked about pragmatic CP
if it's pragmatic it's fine Mitch I
think you need to find all the way into
the brain and check in a second I just
want to focus on the vampire shots at me
wait a second
well no it's kind of its kind of shitty
like what you're doing you don't think
so okay all right yeah Craig you need to
get you need to go I'm just being
serious Greek like really dude like
don't you think that's like really need
to stop stopping mate to the match is
kind of weird I'll be on it and like
recording videos and putting it online
and I'm like constantly harassing
Brittany I know you're losing subs but
please for like two seconds just shut
the [ __ ] up yeah it's also kind of like
weird because oh you're not relevant
afraid you're pulling a keen started
saying relevancy but you had that guy on
talking about CP and I'd even know who
he was I had a Google hem so it's
clearly not that you're petty
okay she done so Greek like this guy was
literally throwing messages to Mitch
like when Mitch was like dealing with
like all the mirrors [ __ ] and everything
too
I'm pretty sure this guy's message mirus
well although I'm not entirely sure but
he's like contributed to a lot of the
really toxic [ __ ] that's going on in
Mitch's subreddit to like making those
huge pokes about how evil mirror isn't
[ __ ] like this guy's into it just as
much as anybody else
dude I read the posts that you were
making on reddit don't sit here and lie
to me and tell me that you didn't make
them you've made very detailed posts
about how Mira was evil for Mitch and a
bad influence because he just wants to
be with you and like crazy stupid [ __ ]
like oh listen Craig you need to stop
you need to stop faffing to Mitch well
it's not too Mitch we can't record it
anymore I haven't recorded any more I
only filmed you've already got a side
chick what's going on we should talk to
Brian already knows you're my boyfriend
too he actually drove me to the police
station when we were dealing with what
the [ __ ] happened oh Jesus how far has
this gone like this needs to stop yeah
yeah don't worry we dealt with the
police my best friend anymore
[ __ ] yeah I mean there's a very fine
line between where we lived and started
sending me stuff all because I'm your
boyfriend right listen Craig you are not
his boyfriend stop saying that okay
you're his partner
I literally don't even know how to
handle this everyone enables this [ __ ]
and I just I don't know what to do
anymore like I just like I don't know
look I don't mind being her friend dude
but like this needs to you this Ellen
it's getting weird understanding we're
just now getting weird when he was
dropping loads on picture poin that
wasn't weird try I tried to [ __ ] just
ignore it though and like that's the
last year's birthday present for him
going on for over a year like this is
ridiculous dude like you need to go find
some other dude to be [ __ ] you know
boyfriend's with and then we'll be
[ __ ] dude like not like a person
that's like an [ __ ] like I'm not I'm
not mean like I don't have the ball
tired I didn't say no I said yeah like
listen like yeah sorry [ __ ] stroke in
my own dick there's no what's happening
but I mean if you want to stroke my dick
go ahead Greek but anyway listen um
Oracle II my ego dude we're not talking
about physical penises here okay listen
like I just need to understand that I'm
not gay and we're not gonna be together
and how are are you from a chance I
forget I don't remember who how you guys
are all [ __ ] I am chant I am friends
with did you see how he handled his like
stalker thing like the one dude did you
ever hear about Craig he's not a stalker
he's just like some he's on that level
no he's like on that level
I don't think you realize how [ __ ]
weird his behavior is like the guy's
problem
snitch just let him wait night you
thought I'm doing listen it's not about
okay like I agree I agree that it's it's
not stalkers they're like he's not gonna
like I don't think he's harmful to my
uuly are you here are you doing are you
dating Mary I remember back when you
were dating Mayer how would you feel if
there was a guy while you were dating
that was like sending her videos and
should have saying that she was it was
her boyfriend and that he was like
people saying that he wants to babysit
was a girl then it would be [ __ ] hot
dude you really wouldn't care even if it
was a girl what if mirror was bisexual
you wouldn't care if there was some girl
like some weird hippie girl yes it would
be weird I'd be like the [ __ ] is that
and but the thing is you have to
understand this thing I've tried told
Craig himself I said hey man could you
stop doing this [ __ ] didn't stop so I
don't know even then I feel it so then
at that point you block them from
everything and then you just don't talk
about them or like
serious conversations have serious
conversations with your friends like
behind the scenes like talk to Greek and
tell them I almost all of my friends to
not respond and they always do like
that's the thing I guess but like I'm in
here in this room now and there's like
five people like laughing at him and
like encouraging him like this guy's got
enough fuel to run for like another two
I agree I think they got to be like his
feelings get hurt or some [ __ ] I mean I
guess not what I'm looking for no but
his feelings aren't your responsibility
dude like he's the composer Mitch is a
very caring person regardless of what I
might think like it that's why I'm noe
what you are enabling and like I John
slow I is coming I just don't want to
hurt his feelings man that's it like I
know you don't know it's not your
responsibility to care about his
feelings if somebody's imposing on you
stalking you harassing you you don't
worry about their feelings that's not
your job that's your job does that make
sense like if somebody were to walk up
to me let's say somebody walks up to me
at a bar and slaps her ass and he's like
yo like let's go home and [ __ ] like it
Mira's like well I don't want to and
you're like dude would you tell Mira
like that's really mean like when you
reject that dude like that like you
might like heard of self-esteem would
you say that like of course not right if
he's the one that's initiating and
harassing sexually assaulting someone
else you heard it here first folks no
that's why it's called a comparison
Brittany you compare two things that
aren't the exact same comparison issue
maybe next year in school you'll get to
that what did you say snipe tweets and
[ __ ] on Twitter because she's losing
[ __ ] like twitch really with you she
like tries desperately to like hang on
here you invite me on for a debate and
then I tell you because you invite me on
took message my manager which is not
angry why do you have a manager you have
like 300 viewers you don't leverage any
sponsors you don't have any way then you
know the rules are not speaking over
someone yes someone but you're no one
like you're literally nobody why the
[ __ ] would I contact the manager to go
through you Britney Britney I'm not
gonna contact the manager to talk to a
dying streamer like Britney that wasn't
my manager that was a 19 year old kid
that I play games with we were making
fun of you guys the same [ __ ] time
your manager and then what happens
destiny I'm sure you could tell us you
told them that
oh I'm not relevant enough because
that's clearly why destiny that's why
you've had people that have less there
are less known than me and have less
followers than me on your stream Britney
I'll talk to anybody who wants to chat
but I don't schedule a meeting out a
week in advance with somebody that means
it was a week in advance it was like a
day or two it no they asked so debate
you an 11 a.m. not everyone wakes up for
a hard-on to debate with people have a
massive hard-on for me because you'll
sit here and say I don't want to talk to
you and then you'll tweet about me for
like 12 hours dude are you serious I
tweet all the time but I'll also talk to
people all the time too you see the
difference there is no difference
parties you tweeted I tweeted except I
didn't block you to create an echo
chamber you block everyone like your
became the new keemstar Tioga you block
so many people to make it look like
everyone likes you in the replies and
it's [ __ ] crazy that you claim the
via centrist it is [ __ ] insert I
don't claim to be a centrist that's
hilarious secondly I'm pretty sure I
engage with more like opposition and
literally everybody else on YouTube and
twitch right now which is so it's kind
of fun of you
ah position your [ __ ] social justice
warrior destiny if everybody was my
opposition then how can I be an sjw
wouldn't the sjw's be my Ally then do
you know what opposition means yes calm
the sign of Destiny I know what
opposition okay try to think through
your sentences okay I know it's a little
bit hard listen before we get into this
whole Brittany just anything can we just
end the Craig thing and just say that I
just want to not be an [ __ ] in just
by Craig like I need you to just relax
that's it that's all I'm not a message
anymore telling you don't want you don't
want to see him ever again ever in your
Twitter mentions on your subreddit or in
your twitch chat on the [ __ ] off forever
say image please don't [ __ ] message
me anymore please thank you that's it
that's all I've said like that's yeah I
don't want to be mean about it like at
all cuz like I think they have work good
job I don't I just want to be an [ __ ]
but you know we can talk about it off
stream if you want Craig I don't care
but it's like I just want to like be
like I think it's okay you agree can you
just chill for a sec please
okay listen like I just wanna check
where I'm at I feel bad yes I don't feel
bad
he's the harasser hey deal bet oh my god
dude he just sent me a message and said
I'm really sorry for disturbing and I'm
crying now well good that's good tell
him to cry it out all my [ __ ] off good
job I'm proud of you did I feel bad I
don't want to be I try to I try to be
like I try to be real with him I'm like
dude I'm not gay and he's like yes or
you are Gayle and I'm like no I'm not
and he's I guess you are and it's just
like I just can't win I can't wait I'm
trying to be nice and be like look I'll
even be friends with the guy just so he
doesn't feel bad understand like but no
no it's not like that's part of how like
emotional abuse and emotional
manipulation works right people get you
to feel bad so that you'll do things you
wouldn't otherwise want to do because if
the guy wasn't making you feel bad you
would never be his friend you would
never entertain these conversations
right the only reason you do is because
he's trying to emotionally manipulate
you to feel otherwise just ignore it you
just tell him to [ __ ] off could come
down the road and let him do whatever
the [ __ ]
stalkers do Craig's
Kirika groceries I just don't want him
to feel I don't want I don't want him to
feel bad I understand like so it doesn't
matter like you should talk to
trainwrecks about this kind of screaming
at you okay because this is like it's
like a non-negotiable like you can't you
can't entertain people like this like
it's so unhealthy for you dude yeah you
can't entertain people like this that's
why he has how many viewers let's see
10,000 yeah definitely not Britney what
do you think entertainment in that
context you want Willis to the
dictionary game today destiny all you've
been doing is acting like a feminist all
stream trying to save textbook
definitions pulling up [ __ ]
dictionaries if I'm the feminist in here
then why is most of I been critiqued by
named are the only [ __ ] in the call
come on dude chill the [ __ ] dude this is
gonna take five this conversation is
getting way out of hand
no repeat yourself because your
microphones really low I have you up on
maximum and I barely heard you it's
small voice small guy but we got good
luck Missy's gonna [ __ ] like Bruce
Jenner in here this is a good a cha this
is a good I [ __ ] try hard severed no
it's not destiny said it's not oh yeah
a voice guy give so let's have a brother
we're gonna try try out something yeah
boys nobody said anything like
controversial right I just I want to
make you're away from like not getting
in trouble you know I'm saying like I
don't mind if we kick in and shoot this
shouldn't have a good time but don't
don't just don't and no that's just not
like yeah I don't know if you don't want
controversy you shouldn't have a petal
apologist in your stream right now no
way Britney is apologizing for
pedophiles no holy [ __ ] oh yeah oh my
god is that way you want me to be a
small guy so much well hide your secret
fantasy I mean you're right thirsty is
[ __ ] around me is do you want me to be
under I can pretend to be underage for
you if that's what you're really into
you did clarify that you were awful wait
I follow you I thought you said I black
sure now wait wait do I follow you
I block you Britney which one is it how
many stories you got spinning around in
that heavy block me and then you unlock
me and then you block me again I don't
know what's your story
this is some crazy story this is a
pretty crazy [ __ ] I did I've got a lot
of different stories going on in here a
lot of different stories yes I'm lying
right just like I lied about the I'm can
we take a break wait real talk
real talk can we take a break for you I
really I really want to take a break you
sound like you're about to cry Britney
you sound like you're about to cry can
we take a break can we take a break
honey you sound like you're about to cry
I want you to be unlike the virgin tears
for this conversation okay I think you
need to take a break because you have a
very small gauge you get angry berry
juice would you say that I'm
short-tempered
haha you got any more in there yeah I do
