hello everybody I'm welcome to of dice
and man are you guys doing today I'm
doing great how are you guys doing
[ __ ] fantastic yeah but you okay
Torino yeah I'm doing great wonderful
yeah boo boob what about you Lilly Pichu
okay nice very pleasant awesome so we're
last we left our party had solved the
case the yeah case at black palm mine
you figured out who had caused this why
they had caused it even though you
thought they were sort of stupid for
even bothering with this whole plan it's
been solved
neatly wrapped up and shelved the guy's
gonna be executed once enough people
show up to you know properly witness the
execution and you guys were settling
down in your nice cozy home when an idea
hit there was this notion as you were
looking back on everything that you had
done that that that mines actually truly
abandoned anybody could go in there and
take anything from I mean there's rocks
to there to be sure there's all the
workers tools there's probably some
bedding if you want it might be some
money and some magic lanterns lying
around but they're not particularly
important there's all these bodies there
do you have any need for dead bodies
desiccated dead bodies cuz you've got
plenty of them not into that kind of
stuff
no that's not really what we're into
Kabu tall training there's no fun you
can do a dead bodies Toki well what did
you guys think what was it what
interests you about the mine you know
what coypu the magic lanterns look
mighty mighty good mighty good they
looked very expensive very our price you
very pretty to be each well you find
yourselves sitting in your house I
should say you're in your house in your
office your house is upstairs talking
about this idea and how's this
conversation going um we never sat up
Adam an idea remember never was your
idea so I suggest that we go back to the
mind and maybe we bring all those magic
lanterns back with us and slowly offload
them to a cities salesman or some kind
of trader or something maybe one or two
per week so that we can make enough
money to keep the lights running and for
personal use right we would but those
are a lot that's a lot of money and when
you just get a bit of hefty bonus that
is indeed yes thank you nervous and then
if we are questioned about the magic
length runes the whereabouts didn't you
have an idea for that too nuggets
I mean we just say that a trader sold
them to us it's not like they can prove
one way or another where they came from
correct tope gee did you forget my name
for a moment nervous I mean no Irishman
worked me together for months and I know
you haven't hit the old ages I was just
um lost in thought for a moment but I'm
sure that Tokyo would be able to tell us
if there was some sort of magical
enchantment or something that was able
to trace these lanterns back to this
particular mine yeah tokidoki
do you do you have any uh any any such
means to do such things
yeah totally
thanks her spell list right now
have any methods of detecting any of
these things Toki yeah I'd actually deal
hmm wait are we supposed to see
something on the screen right now yeah
I'm looking at you that I'm not seeing
anything on your okay I'll reform what
you're Claire okay sorry for not being
chill enough for you I will try and
bring down the temperature rapidly are
you still not seeing [ __ ] looks like it
quit boo so what's going is this
nonsense
does anyone else having problems seeing
things oh we know oh right
it looked like it wanted to load
oh wait oh nevermind why is it doing
this you want to have some control
zeroes for me control zeroes you have
any weird extensions installed your ad
blocking the [ __ ] DMV site Stephen
just hold on let me hard refresh quite
ominous music Club is my my character
token is there and loaded and everything
or yeah you should be looking at a world
map there's a zoom slider on the upper
right corner tries what are you doing
I do nothing to you oh wait huh as a
destiny to have the lanterns does that
matter oh I do see you testing the claim
you have like definitely connected
you're triggering me right now yes shoot
the messenger always effective [ __ ] you
have to deal with me it's alright well
well we fix this somehow or another Lily
tell us a story about your life or the
light of toki your choice my Toki was
younger it's a little bit still in her
midlife crisis sort of stage she had a
young lover she consider settling down
with him and didn't work out he loved
her for a younger someone his age oh so
he wasn't young at the time
he was I sure know she she I mean yeah
wait it's about you or about your
character make sure that you [ __ ]
sorry
Wow well that's a who was this person
that you were so in love with um no
she's trying to forget about it yeah the
old age you know really it's hard to
remember name he's had many lovers woman
creatures alike creatures that took Eve
an adventurous old gal damn said it
she's not entirely vegetarian is what
you're saying you know I mean you
explained that joke
what kind of Sarah - that was a joke I'm
restarting my computer okay just chill
okay restarting your computer yeah daft
why do you why are you a detective why
did you get into this business
oh well you know uh when I was a look at
my war really quick when I say yeah when
I was a young young lad right wait I
tell you my whole backstory okay when I
was a when I was a young lad right I
have been I've been around the country
the place you know and um well I came
from an interesting background but so
important um I have been working in a
lot of different practices my whole life
I actually was working in a I found work
in a private detective agency prior to
this one and I didn't really like how it
was being run and so I decided to make
my own because I prefer to be in charge
but I guess I got into it because I like
to thrill the mystery the I think I'm
good at it I have fun with it mm mm good
answer well we can have this
conversation even if we can't see the
map it's not needed for the conversation
so what do you guys do in here
do you really want to steal these
lanterns what's going on
we're stealing one race in this I want
to see that lock some money all right
so how are you gonna do it without
getting caught
we are going to take take the lanterns
to nearby cities and sell them sell them
in a very sneaky way there will be
discreet
yeah also when we're bringing it into
the city maybe we can cover them you
know with a giant blanket or something
sorry just some random luggage no one
would know no no no and then we can
upgrade by Detective Agency building you
know maybe some more furniture and some
it's a nice wall painting I'd like a new
bed you know I'm getting old
this bad fix itself yeah we could have I
uh we could maybe even hire a new a new
worker new member over the agency
lt-col yeah be really nice maybe we can
buy some magic lanterns with the money
we make from selling our magic lanterns
and the cycle of money pretty much yeah
exactly this is what this is yeah I'm
I'm just trying to put more into the
economy okay I'm trying to liven up the
local economies back in my days you know
we could have afford this kind of place
for one cup inflation hasn't been too
kind on us it's been hard it's been hard
indeed Toki
so nevets what brought you uh oh wait I
forgot sorry motor packs for anymore
yeah I'm ready to go okay let's do it
onward have a long rest
yeah that's a week of downtime okay all
right we want to do the lanterns before
resting mm-hmm
so right now we are on the Friday the
4th of January 15 12 15 12 that is the
year mm-hmm so do this [ __ ] plan it out
okay what's good all right so do we want
a horse or a donkey or do you think a
horse is going to help us carry any more
lanterns that don't believe correct
we've already established that yeah and
also with the horse you run the risk of
being attacked by Griffin's there
Griffin's in the area they love horse
meat then I really give a [ __ ] about
people but if you got horses or donkeys
they will kill they will come and like
try and steal your horses and fight you
off if they happen to do so how many
lenders can eat to this candy I think
you can easily carry four if you want to
get creative you could probably carry
eight each that would be like strapping
on like one in front over each shoulder
and one on back it's like a little rope
you could probably carry two in a hand
think like a plant of Chinese lantern
about yea big except they don't have any
ability to collapse or expand they have
like a hard framework inside please
take what we can carry first right well
we can each carry eight that's more than
there were in the entire place right or
didn't we say there are like 16 or 17 of
them or something like that if you carry
eight that's like putting two two over
each shoulder so you'd be like carrying
lanterns and be big and bulky there's no
way you could hide carrying native yeah
the guys I got the gate or whatever
would see it nope we don't want that um
but I thought we can carry them all we
should we can carry them all with us
back here we can stash them near the
city and then we could just slowly bring
them in two or three at a time I don't
think we should
Tom I don't think we should even bring
them back to the city I think we should
bring what four or less back for our
place and then we should sell the rest
of nearby towns make a make a night of
it also a good idea what do you think
Toki I just oh yeah both good ideas I
think we should just go time is of the
essence
okay time is of the essence to wait
which one which one we want to do let's
just let's just sell it in the night
let's just go let's just try to sell
them as fast as possible and then okay
plan a is my plan okay we sell it as
fast as possible and P is stash them
nearby and then sell them as we can okay
capiche capiche break either way over
leaving and truck carry a teacher
something like that yeah try to carry a
teach and sell them in nearby towns well
let's go alright it takes you a day to
get there but after a day of wasn't
travel through these hot Hills you
arrived at black Paul mine where we
gonna say Toki no nothing else no no we
crest race swimming nope here's the
thing boo-yeah I thought I fell away I
thought I mean Reza and I know so I
replenish my spells lost by I I think
I'm not sure what the number was before
and I suppose that's very strange well
why don't you just subtract one first
level of one second level spell and
we'll say that's probably what about you
reusing that's the approximation very
for the end that you are um benevolent
God
so you're here we're here I want to do
you just one person probably stay out
watching the front and then two of us
can go in and start bringing lanterns
out to the front okay
Algy box wait
does the does the mine look like can we
look at the fried to see if it looks
like pretty abandoned like nobody's been
like moving through here recently or
anything like that right yeah you're all
expert detectives or as near there as
there is in this world at this time and
it looks pretty abandoned some things
might have been removed around but it's
easily could have been the wind blowing
these things there's some tumbleweeds
over here that I weren't here that's
definitely just natural phenomenon you
haven't seen any signs of people here
mustn't about okay I think all three of
us should go in at the same time and I
think we should bring our stuff in
together all right like bring all the
lanterns out together all right let's do
it all right quick Toki you know because
you are a very magical person that if
you touch these lanterns and concentrate
on dimming them you can dim them down to
completely out or bring them up to their
full light capacity of about five
candles and I didn't like all of them
making sure you can pick them up and dim
them all along didn't can only magic
people control these okay no anyone can
but she's the only one with experience
with these enough to actually make it
happen no this can happen right the rest
of you are probably surprised as she
touches Tokyo right I don't hear you I
can teach them what I'm totally okay as
easy as I said it was you just gotta
touch it like right here just just touch
it
okay when I want to touch it
think about it darkness Wow well that's
why I hired your Toki always always have
a solution thank you no problem dad
Thanks we should probably be together
and be safe when we're inside these
mines because we don't want to run the
risk of like a some spider or somebody
having moved in and making short work of
us if we're all split up independently I
thought a moment ago you said someone
should stand outside and watch no no
that's probably Scott me together hold
on maybe I miscommunicated home let me
make sure I'm very clear because I said
we checked for signs of movement outside
and you said that there was just wind
blowing it didn't look like anything so
I said we should all move in I bring out
stuff together yeah as a team okay all
right so everyone gather because it's an
abandoned mine maybe something moved in
and took refuge in here because it's
been some time since anybody's been here
all right and we all we all have we have
the capacity to create each we've
prepared so sure and you can find some
string in here to uh string the others
together even if you weren't prepared so
you gathered 16 lanterns here is there
anything else that you would like to
steal there is a little bit of money
lying around there are some Ledger's
there's communications from the former
owner the former Foreman and vice versa
there's a loose water there's food
supplies tools wine bottles
I want to grab wait I want to go inspect
if the wine is pulled the wine bottles
are full there are there's one bottle
that is corked after having been opened
and then a whole bunch of unopened
bottles I'll take wait I mean look at my
hiny venatori really quick so you said
what like food wine whatever no all the
supplies that you would need to operate
a mine here yeah you need wine man yes
getting drunk on the job I see hmm
perhaps it's best if we just grab the
magic lanterns and leave as quickly as
possible we don't want to get caught in
here or risk anybody seeing us coming in
and out so perhaps there's a perfectly
good wine here nevets we shouldn't let
it go to waste
I understand but imagine the barrels
full of wine we can buy with all the
gold we'll make from selling these
lanterns down
new drink I want to grab a bottle
alright I don't drink
especially and out of a job and I know
none of you would as well because that's
why we're a crack team of investigators
always keeps our wits about suss right
of course Nemitz you said it perfectly
now let's let's take a bottle a chip
again okay okay I take a bottle and
that's nice
okay all right can we start loading up
lanterns sure you can it takes maybe 10
minutes to grab all the lanterns maybe
15 since Toki's kind of short mm-hmm I
can't reach them once all the lanterns
are gathered it's time to head back but
the night the Sun has fallen it takes
about a day to get in between the two
places
there are beds here of the murdered
people that are still safe to sleep in
if you'd like we can sleep in the mines
or you could travel at night what would
you like to do let's uh not sleep here
it's not safe for us to be discovered or
food you know anyone could walk in okay
so let's travel at night sound good umm
well if we travel at night significantly
riskier I imagine is there a higher
chance of it would you expect to be a
higher chance of encountering monsters
or a lower chance of seeing them coming
probably maybe a lower chance of
encountering them but like you're gonna
problem if it's a if it's gonna be
goblins they're gonna be better at
traveling at night so it'll probably get
the drop on you it's well frequency and
more about preparedness well and of its
SIA I suggest we move on because even if
if the roads are more dangerous at night
it is far more dangerous to be caught
sleeping in the mines with all of these
expensive magic lamps um well if that's
what you insist then let's make back for
the city tonight yeah let's go great and
what is your marching order who takes
the point who takes the back I guess I
I'm in the front end Dawson Erin nevus
is in the back our road man okay maybe
hmm
leave it out in front Janna Scout it out
in front nevets I think they're out I
think a true leader leads well I think a
true leader has someone else scout out
for him so you'll be in the front member
I don't think I can be scouting much
with these lanterns I'll walk in the
front if you want but I'm not gonna be
scouting very far I wanted to walk in
the front but I just kind of wanted to
make a point
okay if I walk in the front nevets will
walk in the back and
yeah yeah yeah yeah all right you guys
are on your way walking back through the
hills let me make some encounter [ __ ] I
am dark vision kill good to know what's
the distance of your dark vision 120
feet I believe to halflings have dark
vision by default no you I do not
believe that happens have dark vision oh
well isn't that convenient for you koi
boo many things are convenient for me
say fortune favors the well-prepared for
wise I see yeah all right but two of you
has a vision and it is ooh it is one
night afford the new moon so it is super
dark out here nevets is having to
actually stay for Toki in order to see
where you guys are and not get lost as
you travel through the canyon system
that is the iron Ridge we have magic
lanterns if we need help seeing where
we're going a choice right
did you use the magic window then we
don't know no and what is everyone's
passive perception you can find that on
your character sheet okay is he asking
that who knows - for them possum - for
or mine is for mine is for are you
talking about like the number next to
the skills yes
yeah it's for swing or not rolling but
yeah so yeah that would be - that you
have he's got four and Toki what did you
say head three okay so as you guys are
on your journey passing through an area
you've been through before when the
rocks at your side begin to move and
luckily for us we've gotten hmm Toki
here with a decent passive perception
and
vision so you can see in time to warn
those that can't see that the earth
itself is moving and out of it controls
a bizarre creature you would know these
things as a Zorn they have three legs
three eyes a mouth in the middle they
are rock elementals or earth elementals
they feed on metals and sometimes attack
travelers through here looking for their
metals sometimes attack mines they are
not denizens of this earth and they can
meld into stone and out of stone bill
and it immediately sets upon you good
thing we're not holding any metal on us
quite but what's he after
ah you know you don't know the mind of
an animal of a monster okay maybe it has
a reason or maybe your DM is just an
[ __ ] who wants to [ __ ] kill you
that's why it's called MK boy's minigame
in qui both there is what I have what I
have knowledge that attacking this
creature is going to make me take a
minus one on my role to hit if I fail
some Trek or something I don't know what
you're talking about
you can assume anything you want well as
creatures you said that we would know
something about these creatures as
creatures that eat metal would there be
tales of people that had fought
creatures like this and come on swords
that were rusted okay thank you all
right select your token and hit the
initiative button the upper left-hand
corner and let's do this Oh luckily I
was a pretty good initiative Toki shouts
of warning just in time and dad nevets
springs to action what are you gonna do
nevets do I need to announce that I'm
dropping the lanterns for my back I
assume that's yes that's good to
announce yeah clearly
of course I dropped my lanterns I
believe I can use insightful fighting
see what Lily calls
yeah shut the [ __ ] up I dropped the
lanterns meaning that the blanket flies
from them in a dramatic fashion and
light is
I believe in a 30 foot radius touch it
to make it it's an action to light your
lantern well I guess I just stand here
in the dark then and I say Toki good
luck nice the salt is real never it
stands there well actually wait hold on
autumn Ely I'll come up here and I'll
take one step next to my away okay how
does fighting in the night work how does
that work clover
I will give you disadvantage on your
attack roles because it's hard to see
it's like one lantern away I'm gonna use
it my turn I think it's your turn I
don't know it's hard to read nevets
sometimes he gets a little cranky
well I'm sorry there's just there's this
little voice in the back of my head and
I can't tell like okay I touch a lantern
and turn it the [ __ ] on is that an
action or is that a bonus action okay
I'm sorry
which one is it damn again oh it's koi
boo thank you for answering my question
okay no that's okay go ahead continue
all right your turn hello he's Bartok
inspiration in action
I don't know do you know your character
yes I gotta look it up too
I will I will I will me fast fine
I think it's an action just ask Lily she
should know she's practically BM and
over here don't forget about I found my
next EP target action as Bartok
inspiration mm-hmm what are you gonna do
death that's really good okay um I am
going to I'm going to use
Jews Jews I'm not gonna use a spell I'm
going to okay I'm going to take out a
rape here okay I'm gonna take it a rape
here but I'm not going to attack oh
actually no scratch that I'm going to
take out my violin okay it's violin time
baby and we are using Bartok inspiration
because I am going up and I do not want
to walk mm-hmm um so I'm gonna use
Bartok inspiration on our DP s Steven
over here nevets my god mm-hmm all right
yes bonus action yes and now is my bonus
action and as my action I am going to
use cutting words okay all right how
does cutting words at your third level I
can use my way to distract confuse and
otherwise staff the confidence and
confidence of others creature than 60
feet of you makes an attack role and
ability to check for damage role you can
use your reaction to expend one of your
users of Bartok inspiration rolling a
Bartok inspiration die and subtracting
the number rolled from the creatures
role we all do it on my happens on their
turn you oh my don't use your action to
do something else if you want
oh my guess
Oh closer to my my friends over here and
I'll move behind them all right I can
take care of the big guys I'm excellent
the Zorn moves and it goes straight for
the guy with the rapier the closest
source of metal nearby and it will
attack you dodge doesn't hit attack okay
no all right it'll claw you with the 21
to hit of which will deal five slashing
damage its first arm reaches out rakes
you across the chest okay play though a
small spin and rakes at you again with
another hit for for damage turning to
allow its last side to hit you as well
oh wow lucky rolls today for nine damage
holy [ __ ] the party is take is Nebat
down and we're all scribe oh very strong
yes you can use putting words on that
you did say you're gonna do it sorry all
right
so okay Bartok inspiration guy I do not
know what that is is it just like a you
what do I do to do this know her a
Bartok inspiration ties the whole like
doesn't reset on a long rest
I believe it resets on a long rest yes
okay okay I would like to use how many
words you can use to expand do you want
to use it on an attack role or a damage
role do you want to decrease its attack
or just decrease the damage it does
after it hits I guess I think you would
have a hit either way on the all appear
old really high so I guess I'll just do
the damage role
alright so give me a is as much as I
want
oh it's just my Bartok inspiration it's
your inspiration yeah it's your reaction
to use it so you can do it once per turn
okay oh all right
rollin it's like I have a 1 or something
what I have one and then I can use it
you have one reaction to take during
each round so you can only do this once
per round but you have a number of
particles per ation dies I'll figure
people to probably your charisma
modifier okay um okay so one d6
mm-hm I got a 2 alright ill unconscious
nice good roll cake alright
the sword will then use its primary bite
to bite his rapier grabbing it in his
teeth and chomping down on the metal
eating his rapier bit Toki it's your
turn well predicament
do I need to mark down my shape the
rapier damage or anything yeah well
let's see well let's see where we go cuz
we might finish off the rapier he might
leave your egg kill me and we might all
die we don't have to worry about it yeah
Lily go you should have your turn ready
to go I couldn't like intelligent are
they just like metal and geeky chase
just kiss they are intelligent creatures
that but they're not from this world
from there from the elemental plane of
Earth and they broke here to feed on
things and then go back so they don't
speak like common or anything they speak
the language of the earth elementals
okay
so speak with animals wouldn't work on
it yeah okay I mean that I was just
making sure
I would like to spray it with poison oh
good that makes it make a constitution
saving throw or take one d12 damage if
I'm correct yes you're absolutely
correct all right it rules a nine on it
saving throw which is a fail why don't
you roll me one d12 for the damage one
point of damage the poison barely grazes
the earth elemental and his one did move
but not very much what isn't like does
that does the spell poison but how does
that work if I if I spray poison on them
how is he not poisoned right poison
spray you extend a hand towards the
creature you can see with the rage and a
puff of noxious gas from your palm
projects on them the creature must
succeed or take poison damage it's not
going to poison him in the long term
it's just gonna do damage with the type
poison so it like hits his skin and
blisters and oozes and pus is except in
this case it's like one small blister
everybody look guys getting chemical
burns I took this canned chip because I
thought it poison people you should read
your can trips more closely poison was
that was the shortest career of a DM in
the history of all of the indie right
there alright Tibbits it's your turn
alright I'm gonna go ahead and roll 20
and stand up real quick
yeah Bartok inspiration just God that
was a hit died but not a death save oh
you're right
threat I click the wrong ones try it
again [ __ ] I'm still the hit die button
I'm just gettin my [ __ ] rolls out of the
way one success nice all right
Daffy it's your turn the sword is
chewing on his rapier so if I if I I can
heal him out of his death [ __ ] right
yeah if you can heal him he will recover
HP and be able to stand back up next
round
thank you and I can also cast number one
spells using my level two spots yeah
yeah okay I'm going to use cure wounds
loser using my last spell slot which is
level two slot excellent I'm gonna use
cure wounds I'm cat going to cast at
level two
uh-huh you will heal him for 11 hit
points nice uh you have to be next to
him to do it though so uh go state yeah
I moved I moved over to him and was like
what's up
wait are various where do you get eleven
up nine and 200 because it does like a
second thing because it's a second-level
cast I got it okay wait so nine is what
I rolled but it also it doesn't
automatically add the mousseline and
it'll show you the math okay thanks does
it automatically what it'll show you the
man you got it I got it okay it's one be
eight plus three
okay cool I got it um okay and then for
my so wait he's back up right yes yeah
so then I'm going to use Barnack
inspiration on him again good alright so
he has a Bartok inspiration duh we
actually once within the next ten
minutes the creature can roll the dice
Oh like I can use it on multiple people
a second me so would he even though he
fainted would her even though he like
passed out would he still get that
because it's still within the ten
minutes then I can use on give him a
Bartok inspiration die last round yeah
yeah I use my dark Bartok inspiration
died on him last ran okay and then you
use the cutting words during the enemies
turn okay so they were two different
actions oh wait oh [ __ ] I didn't realize
that also oh he gains a Bartok
inspiration that I see how it works my
bad running so they're so cutting words
takes a Bartok inspiration dye to use
and as a separate action you can give
someone a Bartok inspiration back for
them to use and I didn't think I heard
you say you gave him a Bartok
inspiration dye but I've been known to
not hear things well I I said I wanted
to cast it as my alright wanted to I
think she said writing Scripture but I
died so I don't get to use it or do
anything okay cool and we do I know how
many how much should I get you have the
number equal to your charisma modifier
okay
I don't think three vanishes you can
just use it into for the next ten
minutes so he has one from last round
you've used one from cutting words so
you've used to partic inspiration die is
thus far did you want to use your third
one and give it to Toki um so since I
give it to them do I get it back after
they're done nope you get it back on a
long rest okay I will not come to Toki
then I'll just give it to mr. nevan's
okay so nevets has one and the Zorn goes
and it's getting to take this turn to
continue to chomp on the rape here and I
think at this point the rape here is
useless and broke and you might have
liked the hilt still in your hand but
the blade is being gnawed on by the
monster so like you can if I take this
back cuz it's like an action to retrieve
my rapier or how does this work
no like it's broken off the blade so you
have the hilt of your rapier and it cuts
off you can say you've got a useless
rapier at this point okay I do have a
dagger though I will okay how can I
circle around here like this or how are
we doing this that's a pretty steep
climb it is I'm Rosie rogue sure I think
that's gonna be about five ten fifteen
each of these like you see how there's
like a line that goes around these
things yep agra feel enemies yeah yeah
each of these lines is gonna be let's
call it five feet okay so that would be
five ten fifteen you'd be 20 feet up
where you are okay
can I hit this guy below me or not come
down a little bit and you can hit him
you're on like you're gritting us right
now pretty
yeah yeah we can if you hold all you can
move yourself in between grids oh okay
so this is okay to take an attack at
advantage yeah I would say above the
Zorn like this it's a creature designed
to attack things on the sides the top is
just a mouthful I'll give you advantage
for a top-down attack that sounds good
okay I will swing my diarrhetic well 17
is going to actually miss you ping off
the creatures hard earthy scales and
your dagger does no damage am i able to
sneak attack yes but wait Ecotec doesn't
do damage alright I don't roll I don't
roll another like to hit over there
before it but no but you have your
Bartok inspiration die which you can add
to the attack role if you would like oh
okay hey wait I add it to the attack
role then what does that boost it up to
do I have to roll that Bartok
inspiration or oh it's a what level are
you guys three yeah so it's a d6 so you
can add 1 d6 to the attack role to
increase it from a 17 to a 28 to that
will hit so you can add your sneak
attack damage because you have advantage
and your regular damage my regular
damage is 6 plus the sneak attack is 6
so that's 12 damage all day boom Zorn is
wounded we need a girl okay I'm going to
use my cunning wait yeah my cunning
iconic action yeah I can use the bonus
to take like a - yeah - you can also use
it to disengage because if you just move
away from it you'll take an attack of
opportunity from it you know what Koivu
good idea I'll just use it to disengage
okay mm-hmm that metagaming coypu time
for him mm-hmm that's fine that's 1 2 3
4 5 6 yeah that's fine all right
wait is that really fun you promise
you're not taking attacks of opportunity
okay that's what you mean okay cool
all right okay wait now do you promise
that and that turn is over can I
actually do that since I already use my
movement to get over there and I'm just
taking the bonus action to disengage you
not -
sure cuz you don't your movement doesn't
end when you make an attack you've got
30 feet of movement you can break it up
over any number of action oh yeah I
thought I would have used all of it like
climbing up because you said it was like
20 feet yeah you should probably be a
little bit closer like on the edge just
checking it to me sign over future
scenarios okay gotcha yeah
Daffy it's your turn
[Music]
oh yeah it's Toki's right can I just go
I think did the order get messed up
somehow did Tokyo I think no cuz it's
supposed to go
Nevitt staff Zorn Toki Nevitt staff Zorn
Toki and isn't that what happened oh no
somehow Daffy went before nevets is what
happened okay so it would be the Zords
turn right now right okay
the sword has been attacked and it is
happy to retaliate but it sees the club
next closest source of metal as it like
finishes gobbling up that rapier which
will take its fight action for this turn
his Daffy Daffy has a big metal rapier
hanging from his waist gets a little
closer and it's gonna attack you Daffy
wait he's still eating the rapier right
or did he finish eating it he finished
it with his uh he finished fighting the
rapier but he sells his claw attacks
so who's gonna make a claw attack a
Daffy which is gonna hit you for nine
slashing damage Daffy you fall
unconscious No and then it'll use its
next claw tech to grab your rapier and
know you're unconscious already you're
at zero it'll use its third claw attack
to attack nevets over here because you
know what you're just attacking it and
wounding it it's not happy about that
and eight is gonna be a Miss the Zorn
ends its turn Toki's turn rolls around
Daffy is unconscious nice there any
animal I can turn into that pick up two
people by any chance or no cow can
usually hold two people or a black and
can I turn into a black
you can turn into a black bear yeah
totally okay hey this is what I'm doing
I'm gonna use dark spark skin mm-hmm and
then touch myself the bark skin
transfers to the berry yes it does okay
so now I am covered with bark and I want
to bare all right you turn into a bear
I'm gonna just move your actual
character token over here and hide it
and bring the bear over here and let's
see how much HP your bear form has black
bear why don't you roll me 3d eight plus
six for your black bears hitpoints all
right so you're got 10 HP as a black
bear if your black bear form dies you
just turn back into a human and any
damage extra carries over now you are a
black bear up in the front of like fast
body that's like protecting it what are
these rolls Lily oh no wait was that
just an attack roll that was HP rule for
her bear oh no right okay guys Jesus
damn it that's the hungriest [ __ ]
bear it's because we're not eating right
I guess that's all I can do it oh you
already used your action to cast marks
conform yeah all right so your AC as a
bear is 16 because of your bark skin
daph it is your turn make us a death
saving throw we're all a 22 stand up but
don't roll the one and instantly die or
take two losses on your character sheet
there's the thing under your eyelid like
there's like a bunch of dots next to
your head guys yeah no XS all right
nevets I have the ability to stabilize
someone on my turn right it's a medicine
check okay is that it does that kind of
action yes what about throwing it
Jack does that count as an action
attacking is an action if you're just
trying to toss it aside it'll um be a
bonus action or free action depending on
how far you're tossing it okay
can I use my bonus action to toss my
dagger like ten feet north of this
monster yeah totally that's fine okay
so I take it out hopefully there's a
good glint on the metal from the
lanterns on the ground so it is noticed
and then I and then I toss it like it's
like ten feet north as a bonus action
and then can I try to stabilize dad
absolutely an eight that is not what you
need it it's a dc-10 Jack DAF is still
unstable the Zords turn and it will grab
the rape here with its mouth from DAF
actually it'll grab the rapier with its
claw drag it out put it in its mouth and
start munching on it and then it will go
for the dagger which provokes an attack
of opportunity if anybody wants to take
it I'll do it
right can't I'm good all right cool it
comes over here and it grabs the dagger
as well and that's its turn Toki
your turn hey I can't you nervous I
think we should peace we should pick up
Daffy first I think about my body of
death and I can't like both of them and
just like book it absolutely but you
can't actually talk all you could do is
I need bear sounds from me now cuz you
were trying to talk nice nice little bit
more here we go there we go all right
you can use your action to like get your
head underneath Daffy and pull them on
to your body he's kind of awkwardly
hanging there nevus will probably have
to help like you know hold them on place
and then you can bolt as soon as
everyone's on yeah sure I'll pick up the
lanterns that I dropped and place them
on the bear so that we have all the
lanterns what
perfect you can easily grab eight
lanterns any more than that you're gonna
have trouble
there are lanterns that you could like
with for eight there's eight more
lanterns that are already strung
together that you can place over the
bear but that's gonna take another round
of actions okay how much you want to
stay here
does um does daffy have a dagger on her
person his person mm-hmm okay can I so
you're gonna tell me what his actions
are bonus actions can I take the dagger
from Jeff's body and toss that another
ten or fifteen feet north of that
monster I don't know how far that you if
you just want to use it if you want to
use it as a bonus action then it's just
a quick grab and throw
yep so grab my hand like right over here
like fairly close to you but still not
next to you you have eight lanterns that
are attached for the cord that was gonna
go over your shoulders moldos eight can
sit on the bear no problem yeah and then
you can grab two in each hand for a
total of eight plus four is twelve
lanterns can I throw enough a cord of
them over deaf since he's just kind of
laying there you can put the corded ones
over them it's just that only eight of
them had cords because they were hanging
from oh yeah eyes are another eight of
them that I can put over the neck of the
bear can I wear it like a necklace and
then while holding the two people my
wild yeah that's a whole anyway our
we're on that we're in your back yeah
yeah eight of them can be carried over
the bear whether it's over the neck over
the back and four of them can be carried
in your hands the remaining ones aren't
corded together they're in oh they
aren't corded together correct only
eight of them recorded together okay
well I will make sure that the bear has
it's cord I'm holding for that's twelve
there are four left right that we don't
have with us right now right okay cool
and then I'll pet the bear a little bit
and then I'm just gonna wait a second
and I'll see if Daffy wakes up okay all
right the Zorn's turn it will continue
munching the rape here hold the knife in
one hand and go pick up a knife in
another hand so now it's a Zorn with two
daggers and half of the rapier be so
happy all right
Toki it's your turn can I start acting
off like walk in the way like totally
yeah go ahead and move yourself where do
you want to go um like away from him
back there just move your token where
you want to go you have the power
I don't know which way is home no oh go
around him that would probably be a good
idea yeah all around him okay that's
good
uh there in your mind man in your mind
all right
daph it's your turn make your last death
saving throw hopefully no you're free
you're starting to die nevets okay I
guess I just with the lanterns I'm
holding I just go over here so I think
this means we leave for behind yep
and you can hop on the bear sure
alrighty the sword will continue
munching it looks pretty happy it seems
like you guys can get out of here deaf
why don't you give us a saving throw
wait when I when I really we make when I
move over the barrack I can use another
medicine check on deaf you'd have to put
down your lanters the bear rode off to
stop its moving because you need your
hands to heal okay
yeah the bear can stop first I assumed
this creature is gonna be marching for a
little bit we said the lantern stone and
I try to medicine check yeah to
stabilize again there you go okay gaff
is good you pick up your lanterns and
you carry on you guys get on out and out
of this encounter while the Zorn is
distracted munching on your weapons
let's hope that there are no more
encounters on the way home why not Dale
uh-huh I'll never cheat okey what
happened I passed out
[Laughter]
do you do okay so now I'm alive how many
hit points do I have now
you're at one easy so easy dandy really
and you play in ten D&D campaigns
Oh about to change dude in the world I
play with the Enzo all who let you when
you created characters they always let
you reroll wrote one so ya find that way
there are like a lot of mean DMS I
could've chose but I won't one of the
softest ones here quite okay it's really
hard that's kind of cozy yeah
soft-spoken is nevets that's so sweet my
greedy mean exterior is just cover for
my my soft inner side oh sorry you hate
that [ __ ] that's fine I actually started
doing it during my birthday marathon
stream [ __ ] awesome there was so much
fun happy birthday clay this that's
alright it was a couple days ago you
can't say that anymore
no no I can't stand missed your
opportunity kill you character anyway
Idol death threats let's move on to the
next encounter here Toki how long does
your bear form lasts well that's a good
question
look it up I am for a number of hours
equal to half your druid level round it
down so I am level 3 one hour
whoa whoa whoa why I'm Dominique around
up why indeed
because koi boo that's why now
it can be an hour-and-a-half technically
right you know these are great questions
how real of an answer do you want the
easy answer is just simpler this way
it's just easier for people who aren't
good at math just round down and not
worry about fractions and fifth edition
is designed to be easy to play so it's
that's the answer trying to make it easy
for new people understand how fast can I
travel as a bear brown bear with some
people on my back to friends I mean it's
a halfling a very slender elf man
brown bears have 15 strengths but you
are a quadrupeds I think you can carry
significantly more weight than if you
were bipedal so you can easily carry
these folks and you move 33% faster than
you would on foot actually then a
regular person would move on but you
have 25 movement speeds so you move like
40 or 50 percent faster than you would
normally so you're making good progress
you're going at like 5 miles an hour ok
cool and it's maybe a 4 hours later
you're getting near to town Daffy is
sort of awake and limping along with you
you're no longer in your bear form and
your passive perception is still free I
believe so let us have this creature
make a stealth check to see if it can
get the drop on you Linton needs a 13
all right it does get the drop on you
it's gonna get a free round on you cuz
it surprised you here is Toki token okie
and EFS dap are you still in the point
of taking point because you've got 1 hp
I was news medicine on yourself you can
make a medicine check on yourself but
it's not gonna heal you
so I can't kill myself in anyways do you
have healing spells no no more subs
possible us then can you beg a healing
spell someone else I don't know do you
have any other options at your disposal
yeah any items that heal you
oh yeah didn't we get more potions of
healing from the Chancellor whatever I
think I think there were potions of full
health actually and +5 to all your stats
remember it was permanent or temporary
two stats but yeah that sounds about
right
I think it's for one day yeah you're
right okay okay but you know oh you
couldn't carry them in the lanterns
they're back at your base
darn remember she'll suffer a lot we did
Steve didn't you did she give them to
you
give what to me did she what did we even
get it wasn't potions a full house
didn't we get like why don't we get
stuff for like +10 levels we didn't get
good no we didn't get that because you
guys think we're bad negotiators good
job okay I'm not I wasn't jumping ago
[ __ ] a less stuff so and you're the
leader so you have to oversee all the
negotiation so I don't know what is your
conversation happening between the two
all of you guys as you're walking
through the canyons when the mountain
lion leaps off its high perch bar and
tries to Maul what looks like easy
already wounded food along the route
thankfully we only rolled one mountain
lion because I do travel in packs of d8
but it'll be okay it's only one mountain
lion you'll be fine it gets it's free
round of attacks I come any multi attack
see this one go does it oh just one it
gets one attack and it's gonna start
with a pounce cuz if it pounces and
knock someone down then it could also
get a bye if it's lucky so what's going
for nevets the guy in the lead and it
claws you as a 16 gonna hit you nevets
wait is it ties go to the attacker
defender attacker
really is that how it's been in the past
alright it hits roll yard 52 damage
poison line - it's never been this way
hahahaha you take eight damage and
you're gonna need to make me
this musics a little loud I'm going to
turn it down dude to make me an
aerobatic opposed acrobatics check DC 13
strength saving throw or be knocked
thrown and if you're prone to line to
make one bite attack as a bonus action
I strongly saving Tim put your low stat
and con you put it in strength right
what I told you to put in con nope nope
alright the lion knocks you to the
ground with an easy swipe hmm nothing oh
no no no no random when waiting we
initiated all right and the lion that
makes a bite attack you as a bonus
action and since you're prone has
advantage que Torito do you have one
cutting words left I'm going to metagame
so hard and tell you this is a good time
[Music]
because it goes up at level oh no your
level 3 never I'd roll be a 1 d6
although I don't think it'll work for
baby do you bring down the attack but
not enough the lion balls him for oh
it's only for piercing games that's
still enough to bring him to
unconsciousness the lion has some food
it'll probably back off if you let him
die let's all roll initiative and we'll
roll into combat
well oh wait I agree roll initiative I
think I already have one oh yeah death
yes I'm going going going going going
didn't click on your token damn it's
fine it's fine
alright never roll that death saving
throw we all know you can pull a natural
20 out of your butt we've seen it happen
before
no lion has him in his teeth and begins
to drag him away
how far can the line drag you oh that's
a reaction attack right there from from
the lion was not in your square eye
sure doesn't it occupy four if he was
eating me he must have been I mean if he
attacks you seeing your square well he
pounced on me so we would definitely
share it down
go ahead all right Toki go ahead and
make an attack of opportunity
good job methods you need it all right
now if you would like to if you want to
make an attack of opportunity against
the lion with a weapon you can my Korra
stuff yeah if you want to you don't have
to oh 14 on an armored creature that's
got to be a hit it is a hit roll me some
damaged max damage that [ __ ]
natural 20 you can do it okay 3-1 Wow
nice the mountain lion is wounded by
this attack much more than the sword was
and it becomes - turn okay I can't
really do anything so I am going to use
I've no spells I'm on one health I have
nothing I can do to do um I really need
a bow huh I I guess I will I will use
I'm gonna you're gonna I don't have any
weapons either cuz what are you gonna do
I I have to pass I have nothing else to
do I guess I am going to run over and
try to distract the mountain lion and
start yelling the winning occasion I'm
gonna I'm gonna run over I'm gonna run
over oh what's around us Oh rocks I'm
gonna throw a rock at the mountain lion
you're gonna pick up a rock and throw it
out the mountain lion yeah excellent
wise choice let's figure out what the
attack range of a rock is wait a second
if these lanterns uses weapons what its
are pretty important they are very light
rock is a far better choice okay
nevermind where's our weapon table here
we go alright we're gonna say a rock is
not nearly as good as a dagger so your
rock does d2 damage but
have dagger range so you can throw it 20
feet with no penalty so I get 20 feet
away from the line and throw a rock
that's gonna be here all right make an
attack roll with your dagger because the
same attacks as if you had a rock you
know what Koivu I will okay right you
hit the mountain lion
excellent stupid Mountain idiot lion
would love you to roll me some damage
it's gonna be a 1 d 2 plus 2 I don't
know I feel like it should be a
strength-based weapon not a deck space
weapon we'll give it to you for now
until I look at it further later so I
just roll on me to and then okay through
them all right the lion is kit on the
snout with a rock and drops nevets and
looks up at you narrows its eyes and
lowers itself for another pounce Toki I
have one more wild sheep right I have to
rate second second one sounds right to
me I wanna turn into a grizzly bear you
can do a black bear not a brown bear
fine black favorite also I don't know if
you know this but mountain lions have no
natural predators but the only thing
they have to be wary of our berries
because of the sizes I'm not sure where
you've looked up this information I was
googling mountain bloody new to
predators
excellent why don't you roll me 3d eight
plus six for your hip points a lot of
hip points he's a bigger bear hmm
thirty eight plus six yep ten oh that's
a that's a fat bear holy [ __ ] and then
that was my bonus section I want I want
to run up to it and intimidate it as
much as possible I really you know put
my arms on you know foreign yeah okay
well you can move 50 feet I'm putting
this bear in your character sheet so you
can move my face
what is it very intimidating a mountain
lion sound like I think we need to hear
that it's got to be it's got to be a
much deeper roar too because this is a
big bear damn okay as a bear you have a
multi attack you let me give you some
macros to play with so it'll be easier
to use gee this sounds like a plague
nice before they had league they had
Dungeons and Dragons yeah all right
go ahead you can use your action to use
your multi attack which will allow you
to do all sorts of stuff like your sword
stick the buttons please click on your
bear in the upper left hand corner
you'll see like a 0-0 with an arrow
everything to the right of the arrow or
your actions are you can also open the
character sheet and look at we could do
oh there you go so you claw at the
mountain lion with a 23 to hit is
definitely a hit roll us some damage by
clicking on the attack text next to that
23 in the chat window 8 slashing damage
to the mountain lion very nice and you
can still make a bite attack yeah 20
ones a hit before you roll your damage
what does a mountain what does a bear
look like when it bites someone nice
excellent the mountain lion has been
severely mauled and it becomes that's
another death yes there you go wow I am
standing up yeah yeah you stand I move
to the back of this [ __ ] bear what
happened I won mountain lion what is the
how do i attack with my fists what kind
of damage are we talking here we're
talking you know what no I
to jump on the back of this mountain
lion and I want to grapple it that's an
that's an acrobatics check right it
might be athletics I'm not sure which
one that's right it feels like a very
acrobatic thing to do you are not wrong
about the feeling
let's see may you say strength athletics
check contested by the targets athletics
or acrobatics so it has to be strength
has to be athletic never okay alright
house yeah okay I'm punching it instead
then what is my punch do how much damage
what is my great question I never have
people who aren't unarmed specialist
punching mountain lions it's a rare
situation we find ourselves in today on
ab dice and then he you unarmed under
melee I don't know melee attack unarmed
page 195 range tag melee attacks we were
unarmed you can fight blah blah you're
not actually giving the unarmed dammit
Google will be our friends
let's see mm-hmm
1d 20-plus proficiency modifier plus
proficiency bonus plus strength
modifiers the attack role the damage is
probably d2 plus strength modifier can
that be can the strength modifier
detract from either of those roles here
we go the damage equals 1 plus or
strength modifier minimum damage 1 yeah
so you will punch for 1 damage unless
you crit and since you have negative
strength modifier your damage will just
be 1 unless you crack my my able to pick
up a rock and throw it from behind here
or how does that work yeah you can throw
it but it's gonna be the same [ __ ] right
rock is d2 but I do believe a rock is a
strength weapon we probably shouldn't
have let defuses Dex for it you're
absolutely right you know what [ __ ] all
that noise ok I want to use my I want to
use my cunning action to disengage and
move back a little bit here uh-huh and
crawling on my back and propped up
against this rock I want to take a shot
with my bow cuz that's what I have one
being who I booth ooh yeah there you go
you hold out your bow and your arrow and
you take a shot at the bed mountain-lion
much does do I get advantage on that
because it's a flank or do you not flank
with ranged you don't flank with ranged
haha but 13 does that hit 13 will hit
yes it will
10 9 9 damage fiber you do it you hit
the mountain lion in the back of the
head I want Lily as a bear to go right
up to get ready to bite it and right
before the mountain lion and the Bears
heads come together it opens its mouth
to take a bite out of her and an arrow
comes through the back and is sticking
out its mouth that's badass oh yeah dabs
Toki in the face and kills nothing
alright the mountain lion like a trophy
you want to take the head no what time
are we close enough that we make it we
reasonably can make it back to the city
without expecting
we have and spend six hours of travel
thus far you should be there in another
two to three hours be online it would be
very unlikely for you to run into
another encounter at the point okay
I'd crawl over and I pick up my lanterns
put them back around hop back up on the
bear because [ __ ] desert well this
has been an awful day alright you make
it back to town you are no longer in
bear form you're in your regular person
form you are mauled you're bloody
you're wounded you're carrying lanterns
the walls of cron wick in the distance
illuminated by the soft glow of a few
lights in town the moon has already sunk
it's just the night sky out and since it
is a new year you're in the beginning of
January there's not many stars in the
sky at all
it's basically pitch-black everywhere
what is your what is this January wood
for yeah ok I'm not a bear anymore right
you're not a bear anymore before you
approach the walls before the guards see
you what do you want to do you've got
your lanterns we need a stash Lee's
Lantern somewhere ok we cannot just
stroll into town wounded they're gonna
ask us why we're wounded where we were
and we cannot say we are at the mines ok
ok - am i hmm okay so we should well ok
boy boo do we know what's around town in
general like have we been outside the
perimeter of the wall you know like we
know up here yeah okay so uh wait what
level of these guards they're your
everyday ordinal one horse just kidding
I just wanted to know they have a C 16
that's okay
plus two HP 30 movement speed plus three
to hit one two six plus one for damage
it's not good it'd be pretty easy to I
think first weighed them it's
fine but uh okay I think we should wait
so we know around the place right do i
or nervous or Toki know of any good
place to hide I know okay I know outside
of town there is a little animal burrow
mm-hmm okay because I have on my on my
walks right I've seen it around I've
seen it and I know that it is an
abandoned animal wait a second actually
wait I I think we should just tell these
people that we were on our way back to
the mines because we wanted to
investigate a few loose ends
we ran into some bandits coming out the
bandits attacked us and and our fighting
we were injured we saw them drop these
lanterns we picked them up and we
brought them back then they'll take the
window take the lamp I'm sure they'll
give us some sort of reward if they
actually try to confiscate the lantern
we weren't too hard for these lanterns
we stash them outside we run the risk of
somebody running across them and just
taking them all hmm I live my life on
risks cities you what 30 feet Oh could
we climb them since theory but also like
if you get caught sneaking into the city
like no questions asked you go to jail
like you know you're clearly a criminal
if you're sneaking it what if they
distract the guards
good idea sounds pretty risky hi I'm
pretty good at playing music I think
it'd be pretty easy for me to uh-huh why
would guards abandon their post for
something so music and why aren't there
people in town wait it's pretty late
right it's late it's a witching hour
it's before dawn what kind of animals
are you capable of transforming into
again I can't will you stop all of them
no I know but wait do you need
additional long rest to recover um okay
what are the walls of these places like
reasonably like guarded like they're
like guards posted all along all the
city walls there are guards that patrol
all the city walls it's possible that
you could sneak up in between two guard
patrols it's definitely possible if it's
easily possible how fragile are these
lanterns considered I think they're
fairly fragile thin but solid framework
inside and are covered with some sort of
primitive paper okay but like let's say
like you toss one up and you catch it
could you reasonably do that over say 40
or 50 feet I think you would have a hard
time throwing them 40 or 50 feet because
of the size of the lantern the weight of
it it's just there light and the air
resistance would probably get in the way
okay
you know it's like a beach ball it's
kind of hard to throw great distances do
cards really interrogate every single
person that goes into this city that's
carrying some goods for them that's the
whole point like you at you figure out
who comes in and out of the city to
prevent spies to prevent espionage
prevent criminal elements to prevent all
sorts of terrible things um you get them
a good pat-down you check them for what
they've got you ask them questions so if
there's a problem then the guard then
someone can say who came into the city
what were they carrying what did they
look like dude what was a business it's
a way to like keep the city peaceful and
keep the criminal element out okay let's
find the most nondescript place and try
to stash them then we'll do that we have
a stash that we should spell dude I
could disguise myself and I can also
disguise any other belongings on my
purse and then I could just take off
well let's just stash them for now well
what is your who's got the best stealth
score mister nevets yeah all right I'm
going to roll in secret a stealth check
for you and that is going to be the
quality of the way it's hidden and then
I'll use that number to determine if
anyone runs into it or anything so what
is your stealth check Nimitz I'm gonna
have a 9 plus 99 assault that is a
fantastic smell very good
your stealthy oh yeah so I think you
definitely realize the best way to hide
it is to scatter them over an area you
put six 12 of these lanterns in one area
and they're like two feet across
someone's gonna find it if you put one
in this bush one between those rocks one
between in that bush and spread them out
over a great distance
you're gonna have a much better chance
of hiding them and that is a very good
self role so you spend the wee hours of
the morning
hiding the lanterns and then you
approach the guards at the wall let's do
this
getting into the gates into the city
where we take a break so okay approach
ensign um I will lead and I will uh I
would like to act exasperated and
excited to get back into town that is
not hard to act okay um I assume as I as
I begin to walk and they they as they be
in a walk up they notice me and you know
absolutely one of them raises a spirit
hand yes hail their traveler
what brings you to Broadwick oh hello
hello it is it is I Daffy I run various
operations agency I I live here I was
idea I have my uh my two companions
behind me and I want a gesture to Toki
and nevets and I say what can happen to
you know he says look at your bloody
he's a battle-scarred wounded body it's
it's been a long night it's difficult to
even speak but uh mountain lions
yes we were mauled by mountain lions on
our way to a nearby city because we were
told that there was another job
opportunity over there and we wanted to
check it out but after being at out my
lap mountain lions we were treated
immediately can I roll persuasion I mean
that's pretty persuasive show you know
what give me deception instead of
persuasion cuz you are lying about going
to another town and everything fourteen
that's all wait what's that what's the
second one
the second one we roll two dice because
when he rolls advantage you rolled twice
to okay so we always take the left and
then if you rolled advantage or
disadvantage you consider both the
guards kind of nod your stories got the
era of truth to what they've heard of
various operations agency they work they
knew that you guys had been working
doing the mind stuff so this isn't too
out of the wheelhouse one of them does
sort of sniff around the we got mauled
by a mountain lion so you turn back
immediately because it's like a little
bit before sunup so they're kind of like
well where'd the mountain lion attack
you do town were you going to or at what
village were you going to by the way uh
we were going to connect wait you might
know the names of the villages around
here just like okay cool I say a village
name that's a nearby what's a nearby
village I'm sure I'm pretty well-versed
on the on the nearby villages right Yeah
right but here's where the lie is gonna
get interesting a lot of these villages
are fairly close to town the farthest
one is maybe a three or four-hour walk
from here so like if it's three hours
there and you get multi mountain line
and you turn back then you would have
only really been an hour and a half out
from town before you turned back and the
next town over is like way down the
peninsula I'll go back to the world map
for a moment and you might not remember
but we talked about this before
yeah next town is crumbling right way
the [ __ ] down here and you would never
walk that far because of all the
mountain monsters you've just run into
so there's nothing like nearby oh yeah
we talked about there's nothing nearby
them on really this mine yeah this is
like a pretty far-out mine Paul mines
pretty far away can I pull it Gerald
let's hear it oh please let me and my
back is killing I've been through a
really long journey me you have families
don't you have grandmothers I was I
would like to to say
wait can can I look can I put my hand on
Toki's back and say and turn to the
guard and say please please please badly
hurt and and injured and we just need to
get back to our soon one of them nudges
the other one goes Vic's come on she's
ancient
let her end and the guards stand aside
welcome into the city with some muttered
like sorry for your hard times out there
good luck coming home bless your hearts
unease let's go guys all right you guys
easily make it into the city and return
to your office to rest and recuperate
why don't we take our first break right
here you come back you guys can do all
sorts of fun thing sounds good yeah
we're rich
and welcome back to objects and Men you
guys have made at home you are kicking
back in your office resting and relaxing
from the difficult time that you have
had now we're good
so when you say now we're good do me
like we just long rested or it's a week
too long rest so you've arrived Friday
night Saturday morning so you'll need
the next week until next Saturday before
you can regain all your HP and all your
spell's and everything so the question
is how long do you want to wait before
you retrieve the lantern so you want to
wait a long rest you're gonna try and
bring them in the next day what's the
deal I mean we don't want to bring all
of them in right don't we want to just
take them directly to other places well
we've decided we're not gonna sell it in
the city correct I mean can't we just
sound like one or two per week or
something mm-hmm I can disguise myself
as different people I mean not with the
spell but I don't know I'm sure I'm sure
we can disguise herself uh pretty yeah
poured your fine amount don't you say
mm-hmm I have a whole [ __ ] that's not a
skill anymore
wasn't disguise soft one five okay but
we could wait how about we go buy some
weapons that's all yeah somehow weapons
anymore yeah I know my employer how much
for our rapier in a dagger weapon gosh
rape here is gonna be 150 Arabs like
1,500 copper and a dagger is 200 so
that's 17 gold altogether yes
who can uh anybody can lend me some gold
I have 12 oh I have seven total how many
do you have - how much am I need ten
twelve wait how do you have so much wait
whoo yeah whoo wait who has the purse
that we got for the like you have the
twenty gold coins that you stole off the
assassin we split that it was oh wait
and then you got one hundred gold coins
for completing the quest wait yeah so
weird let me get a hundred I did you
have 100 gold coins for completing the
quest I don't know who has an end or
who's holding that I guess I have um so
I'll give you ten of them thank you and
then wait so we got one hundred total
right uh-huh okay so I'm gonna say I
have zero gold now and then I have my
rapier in my dagger back or I've got my
rapier in a dagger sure okay uh okay II
know Katerina
did you want to buy a weapon as well
after your rapier got munched on and
your dagger got stolen
yeah I think I just want a dagger and I
think I want a little instead of a I'm a
ranged character yup okay so hey dagger
is gonna be 200 copper or two golden and
a short PO is gonna be 2500 copper or a
25 gold Lily's what
why are those so expensive um wait a
then I've been a rapier yep why isn't it
a great question that is a great
question
that is what my chart says well okay let
me take a look at some other charts see
if my chart might be wildly off I guess
wood is very rare in this world I think
it's less about the material more about
the skill that it takes to make it
hmm fine craftsmanship yes quite even
five you know if I be rules is written
there are identical pricing I'm pulling
my enlists from a world
list cuz my I used a different economic
guide than the rest of the world so I
think I made my swords cheaper and I
left the bows the same so yeah 25 gold
for Pope okay well there any um I
suppose there's no other ranged weapons
that are cheaper yeah right you can get
a sling a sling is hella cheap as lower
damage output quite lower got their
short boats fine yeah I mean what is
money for if not spending it I mean yeah
just make sure that when the end of the
month comes around you guys can afford
to pay the 20 gold wrench and expenses
so we got 100 right so we all get thirty
three point three three we own three
gold 33 gold three silver three copper
would be okay so just yeah someone
should mark this money because next time
yeah why don't we all hold on to our own
gold because not our gold it's the
agency's gold right I'm giving you your
split I guess I could take a higher
percentage I mean you well it will no
because you have to pay the rent at the
end of the month we're not all gonna
chip in for it or whatever right like
there has to be like a company yeah it
might make sense to have one big slush
fund so I want to recommend that you do
here is that the money like that section
where it says 12 gold 10 silver 15
copper that should be like you're
carrying money and if you go to your bio
section that will be like the money
stored in your your shop so you can just
put in like what you just spent 17 so
you can put in 83 gold into like one of
these boxes oh the treasure box there's
a treasure box yeah um so what about the
20 gold from the you guys already split
that that should be in your caring oh
I'm sorry
why don't I really have so much Oh cuz
we did not
that's what it was cool and Lily how do
you do how there's 27 on my sheet
perfect um okay so I'm gonna buy a
longbow and then a dagger
yep sorry
cool so that's gonna be 25 and 2 so 27
morkul how about arrows oh yeah you're
gonna need a quiver and you're gonna be
arrows oh yeah
let's outfit you grave where is a quiver
yeah well don't lose your [ __ ] up quiver
is another two gold and I think you can
spend two gold and get 20 arrows that's
the easy way to do it sounds great yeah
it's real compare differences 5ee dude
dude wait so yeah perfect
so what the party is so lose another
four 51:56 after mine and then what you
said - I need some okay a dagger a
quiver and arrows right so should be two
four six plus twenty five is thirty one
off of eighty three believe you got
fifty two gold yeah good all right nice
and then what you said okay you're good
you're good all right it's still the
next day two of you're still at one hit
point
well we'll hold on between a day at the
very least we should get a short rest
right or you get a short rest and you
can expend your head dice that is
correct
all righty seventeen HP for you short
bring still full - would you like to
expend any of you were hit dice at least
one young never turnt you at zero hit
dice to set up one
well we expend three and then we get one
back right oh right good call
that's right I do I'm glad someone's
paying attention I do pay attention why
do we just visit for a short rescue get
one of your hit die back mmm I'm gonna
use all three my head die and then yep
no problem thank you okay we need to
discuss how we're going to get these
lanterns brought back into the city I
think we should all load them here one
at a time maybe like once per week we'll
sell them to a local merchants or
something nobody should be able to trace
it back it should be fine the biggest
challenge is going to be getting these
lanterns into the city yes so there are
three basic ways you can move through an
obstacle you can either go through it so
we could bring it in through the gates
or destroy some part of the wall you can
go over it so we could either have Toki
transform into some great you're in
flight and fly it in or throw them over
the wall somehow yeah do the flying
features yet or we can go under it we
can
find a way to dig a tunnel or find some
underground passage or something to
bring the lanterns into the city or we
can find a way okay so if we were to go
through it we could always find a way to
disguise the the lanterns so that
they're like you know put a cover over
them or something so that they look more
ordinary and people don't see a
smuggling lanterns into the town that's
perhaps true let's explore each of our
options one at a time I agree let's
start with going over it so Toki here
can't transform into any flying creature
we have rope throw them over the walls
with a rope do we feel like we could
reasonably do that without damaging the
lanterns yeah especially if you like
throw a rope over and then like haul the
lantern up and over you'd need nevets
looks around unsure of where this voice
is coming from
sorry no and I'm just kidding I was he
said you gotta resist clever I'm sorry
no even that ruling ruining everything
let's say I leave the city wearing a big
backpack and I'm just an old lady going
for a walk and then I come back with the
same backpack what they check the
backpack I mean I don't think there's a
bad chick write this check here it's a
big Lantern like it's gonna not really
fit in your backpack right cuz it's like
a two feet across so it would if it was
in your backpack it'd be this weird bowl
shape dude it'd help carry your bags in
this time and age yeah well just get a
roller suitcase perfect tears rolling
suitcase or sometimes not have rolling
suitcases you can probably get like a la
carte look like what am i a cart but do
we want to buy a car I mean it might be
good to invest in it now because we
might need it later for various I mean
we are the various operations agency who
we
perhaps have a cart around or these
barriers we have in our okay so as a
dwarf mm-hmm whatever I'm carrying and
then I wild shape is that do the things
I carry like hey either at your feet
they stay on your in your hands if you
can hold them or they meld with your
body and become part of you how do they
meld with one's body is that just
completely around you decide oh okay no
if you're if you are Toki and you've got
four lanterns two in each hand and you
turn into a bear then you are just a
regular bear and when you untransformed
they appear back in your hands actually
carried you can't just like sling the
lanterns over your shoulder and Mel
there's got to be something you're
actively holding on to a backpack is a
little bit more attached to you so
that'll work but okay now would find
some creature that you could transform
into you could in theory smuggle things
in and out of a city that one a what
thought they won't accept the bear in
the sea but what if what if she were to
be so you said they're still honor but
just the bear isn't carrying anything
right so what if she were to transform
into a very small animal one that maybe
I could carry in a pocket or hide easily
would she still be able to do it that
way
totally yeah we found her in alright
that's how you what to do a long rest
though wait so she's gonna transform
into a small animal and bring the
lanterns in because they meld with her
body it's gonna make a note druids are
smugglers druids are smugglers damn this
is cool
smuggler Judas yeah cool okay so what
would what animals should Toki be should
she be my my my pet cat my pet rat
we get a cute dog the Pomeranians exist
in this time you can have you could have
seen a Pomeranian sure just for you that
can exist okay I want to be a Pomeranian
a cream Pomeranian um creamy as heck
sorry um but could we uh okay this is a
little thinking far into it but are we
sure are we positive that we don't want
to just in case hide Lily because maybe
if we come win him with this dog and
they're like I've never seen you with a
dog before and I'm like oh it's my pet
ha ha that's fine then they never see it
again they're like where the [ __ ] is
your dog dog I don't think I mean like I
don't think that these guards are paid
enough or care enough to monitor the
pets at every single person that comes
in and out of the city that seems like
an extremely insane this is like some
Chinese like authoritarian a
surveillance stuff no I don't think so
either but why take the risk if we're
able if she's able to transfer him into
like a rat or something small that we
can hide correct so why not right I'll
let you guys farm into a field hamster
well [ __ ] I chicken literally just run
in right that's like she could just rent
transferring a house time to scoot alone
and I doubt they're gonna be like
murdering hamsters at the what's just
bigger a Pomeranian more roleplay it
okay alright that means you need a long
rest which means those lanterns needs to
hang out there for a week are you
comfortable with that and there are
pretty well hey wait wait okay what if
wait are the long rest literally like
our characters are sleeping for a week
no no it's like a reap a week of
downtime resting and relaxing you know
it's like trying to recover where did we
hide these lanterns
alright scattered them throughout the
fields outside there is enough in a
field
there's some fields they're well hidden
okay I'm not an idiot well I'm just
saying that you should know that what if
but you you scattered them yeah they're
scattered I was just thinking like what
if someone were to watch them you know
what I mean would that be possible
I mean we could spend our days like we
could spend our days hanging outside the
walls would that be uh-oh hold on wild
shape refreshes on a short rest on a
long rest
holy [ __ ] short rest but I thought it
was like your house rules for a long
rest which is no no yeah do speak up cuz
I sometimes forget rules we all do so if
there's any consistency you call me out
on that [ __ ] and I will
you know politely explain if you're
wrong okay yeah cool wait so refresh is
on a short rest it'll stay in our little
guy probably not on your sorry yeah no
on my she is what I meant but so if we
were to look it up and say it maybe you
have a little yeah I thought you're just
playing a guy in-game dick jokes are
always funny thank you unless they're
made by Steve no it was a funny one okay
what are we done yeah you guys gonna do
this yes we're doing it you can get four
in a demo problem by turning into
Oklahoma Meridian or whatever else I
want to say yeah I have I want to well
we're store dressing I want to cast a
song of rest um and it makes it so
during a short rest
I can revitalize my wound and allies to
take to gain extra hit points and I do
not need to use a Bartok whatever
excellent so how much extra HP do they
get one d6
so during this short rest that you guys
took everybody got an additional 1 d6 HP
right okay well someone got three not me
I don't think
and someone got one how long does this
temporary HP last it's not temporary I
don't think it's not permanent
no it you just heal you just can't
afford neither one me sighs why would
that be sure any friendly creatures who
can hear your performance regain hip
points at the end of a short rest each
of those creatures we gain an extra d68
oh it doesn't over heal you like a temp
HP booster whatever would right
shouldn't we all be a full HP anyway
then because we're all everyone is yeah
nice I just did it cuz why not ring yeah
you also get HP to you soon have a drag
death
character let's say that three words you
so you're up 14 to 14 okay everyone's
okay okay yeah yeah let's [ __ ] go
alright so yeah head outside the gates
you go find the first four lanterns
no one's looking you grab them you head
back towards the gates but before the
guards see you this is where you take
over say the magic words to make this
happen
Lily bye [ __ ] that's good enough you
turn into a Pomeranian and you hit a
light back on into the gates you've been
gone maybe 15-20 minutes the same guards
are there they give you a curious look
and go how's the short trip
anything interesting ah nothing really
to see just to found this dog on the way
adventuring uh pretty cute huh I think I
might take her as my pet is that a
Pomeranian yeah my husband asking me for
a Pomeranian for ages ever since she saw
a lady Krong wick walking around with
what in the castle how much for it I
want to look in the eyes okay I want to
say I am so sorry sir
but there's no price on this Pomeranian
because
I have were truly bonded in the short 15
minutes I have known this bomb Iranian I
have bonded with her I have I have I'll
give you a hundred fifty copper for it
that is an awful price I will take five
hundred gold all right
too rich for my blood all right let's go
let's move on
what's your name her by the way her name
yeah I mean well it's a beautiful name
every time I think about it it's a Tammy
actually Tammy Tammy Tammy Tammy Tammy
Tammy do you know how to read TEM mie I
can't spell I'm sorry it's Tammy all
right ten me okay I mean mm-hmm like ten
ten like ten embroideries number
temporary yeah temp temporary can I go
inside now please you can go I have no
problem are you alright she's got one
more wild shape that means four more
lanterns you're gonna do it again today
or you gonna way today do it again today
let's do it again I'm gonna I want to
run outside this time I want to go
outside the gates like come on Tammy
let's go and you know like make the
bards think like I'm going on a web form
before she leaves which means she can't
transform back into the dog just
transport while she's outside so that's
not what I meant
what I meant was I'm you should get a
new hamster yeah I am thinking a smaller
one and my back to you actually you
never should go with you this time okay
hear me out hear me out that I got a
good idea all of my dog what if you find
a Pomeranian again let me get it color
so it to the card Frank I agree
okay I'm sorry I transform into a mouse
and book it and that's not our problem
you know if he really did if he took the
500 gold I was going to give you to him
[Laughter]
shape while shape changed can you flip
between different shapes
well it just wait until he's gone and
maybe transfer back into Wharf and then
into another animal if I gotta have two
wild sheeps for me me dude this druid
sir will do it mm-hmm druids alright we
will do that yes we'll do it we'll do it
tomorrow okay Toki we'll have a good
time I'm just I'm just joking I don't
know I the guards have families we
shouldn't you know my grandmother's
mouths to feed Toki ours okay we just
stole a [ __ ] ton of magical lanterns and
you know wanna you don't wanna trick
this garden thinking you got a
Pomeranian Oh take it a step further
trick the garden define the Pomeranian
once he leaves me alone I transfer him
back into Toki and steal all his [ __ ]
and I transform into an analysis price
hey evil myself with the youth I let
myself get a little carried away you
know like it's it's nice indulge once in
a while the grandmother like hangs out
with the kids and starts doing shots
like yeah I'm like hey fellow kids will
venture guys great you guys head back
out you grab four more lanterns you
shape change into I'll just do a mouse
this time honestly make it easy put me
in your pocket shape change into a mouse
pup and put in the pocket
guards sort of just wave you on in with
some idle chatter that we don't really
have to go through since you're not
carrying any bags or anything suspicious
they just wave you in and Bob's your
uncle you're back in
Nate Lancer all right that is a good day
of lantern gathering now one more
question for you guys regarding all this
where do you store your lanterns just
find another establishment yeah yeah
yeah but where like I cuz you don't want
to hide them in this common room right
here
what does I see it your roll to the
right scroll of the right and you can
see the upstairs
I don't know what your rooms look like
because I kind of I'm deciding what I
want you to decorate them or tell me
what's in them or I'll slowly build them
by the details that you give over time
sort of thing or I can deck out your
bedrooms for you I'm a little insulted
these are very very drab rooms rooms I
don't like it
I don't want to what do you call I don't
want to assume what your rooms are gonna
look like you know fair should to be
covered in plants should they be covered
in the skins of your dead enemies
covered in pink things everywhere I
don't know and it's not my decision to
decorate your room you know do your call
well we all have our own rooms right my
lips are going out we'll share room is
really consoles on them those plans call
inside I'm very one with nature
considering I am a being um I do
appreciate explains all the succulents
and all those details rooms nice and
which which room is yours Toki a lot of
rooms here which one do you want I mean
sure pick a room we'll have to know this
at some point in the future
okay this big one I don't want to sound
like you know I saw this one boiled or
anything but two of those rooms seem
bigger than the other two rooms no
actually we use the biggest room I want
the big boy room okay this is daf-2 apps
my friend
it's short for daffodil oh all right and
which one do you want you get two
possible rooms here Toki
oh we never got a smaller room yeah I
don't get a big round mr. roat you take
the big room yeah okay cool I will add
bonsai plants to your room before the
next game anyway uh let's not look at
that who cares about what your bedrooms
look like I wanna hide your hide your
lantern it's clearly not a common room
do you put them in the far back room you
put them in the spare room for now why
don't you put them in our bedrooms yeah
yeah okay we also have a that room acts
as a storage room a house we have some
chests in there and various items in
there for you know our various
operations agency because we do have I
mean work we're private detectives you
know we do we have lots of totally lots
of props you know yeah yeah so it's kind
of like a cluttered room so even if
someone were to go in there and look
it's pretty well hidden you know in like
chests and we kind of uh we you know
we're smart enough to to conceal them at
least okay at least pretty pretty well
some heavy blankets over it not heavy
but little light because they're like
lanterns not heavy but light so I guess
you wait another day and repeat for the
last for lanterns on the 6th of January
yeah yeah yeah I'm like oh we should
still do a long rest either way right
yeah sure for know we're like okay okay
so uh you go and grab four more lanterns
and do the same ploy turn into a mouse
again yep yeah how's the sea easiest oh
and who do you go with
who's your cover whoever wants to come
with okay yeah death okay perfect
it's just taking his daily walk so he's
very well acquainted but with the cars
probably in and out right oh yeah baby
so you do daily walks around the city
then he does now yeah alright that's the
thing you start doing great
January the six comes and goes you get
all the lanterns you have twelve stolen
lanterns
stolen magic
lanterns in your house it's amazing
Wow yes sounds good we did it you done
it
you got him holy [ __ ] that took so long
it was beautiful though but now you've
got what I've 50 gold each that's 600
gold
no that's 550 no this 600 gold that's a
crap ton about a lot of gold that's a
lot that's 60,000 USD if you ever
convert it to modern times it's a lot of
cash we could buy a million prostitutes
with them no no I really don't think so
please II don't need 12 - yeah there we
go either those depends on the quality
he'll adapt if you want to if you wanted
some dude been around the block listen
Daffy is a Daffy is a is an older man
who's very smooth the ladies okay Daffy
is a is a smooth man okay oh my that's
the right role play I love that role
play there's Lily oh gosh it's been so
long how old am i right the next day I'm
just gonna try and keep the story moving
here let's go the next day you are long
resting it's a 7th of January
you're beginning to wake up you know not
you're downstairs in the kitchen making
some breakfast or whatever when you hear
a frantic knocking on the door oh wait I
have a little cup of tea I opened the
door how can I help you
it is lady Sondra be the woman from
before and she is exhausted looking and
she's also like really poorly dressed
not at all like what a lady should look
like at her face is a little bit pale
she's got like some frantic ticks with
her where she's her leg is a little bit
bouncing and she's looking I guess down
at you pleading leave sag please I I
need your help I need you of course my
dear come in come in take a seat
she comes on in I would like to sit
across from her and say uh Toki go make
a lady saundra some tea Oh course of
course please not be in the room sitting
down somewhere lady Sandra what has he
so distressed what's wrong my house is
haunted
so we've heard I thought it was just the
pranks of young men because the the the
butler had seen something mysterious and
it had freaked out the the the cooking
maids and so I thought the young boys
were trying to pull a prank on her but
on them but no no it's haunted I've seen
it myself
it's my late husband my late lover he's
he's come back to haunt the house okay
we can take care of this for you lady
Sondra no problem at all before we take
on this task can we ask a few basic
questions first yes when did these
hauntings start 10 days ago and uh how
are you certain it's your late husband
well let me just tell you the whole
story
okay okay ten days ago
and nights ago um a maid one of our
maids woke the whole house up with her
screaming we tried to ask her what would
the problem was and we couldn't get it
word out of her she just grabbed her
most basic things and left
come morning we went to the end and see
if we could find her again and that she
had already left town heading for her
family I suppose in whaler's bay I
thought nothing of it maybe you know
weird things happen sometimes she didn't
give an answer she just screamed and
left and that was the end of it well
four nights later we we my butler of
20-something years who's been with me
and my late lover for so long said he
was sure he saw lord silver horn in the
garden late at night which is impossible
because he had been murdered but he
swears swore up and down to all the gods
that he saw him out in the garden but by
the time he went out to the garden
Lord silver home was gone we we thought
maybe he was seeing things or having
visions or nightmares
that was that and then there was a night
you arrived at my house and the the the
footmen they woke up screaming claiming
something came out of the walls at them
we thought they were just trying to
scare the maids based on what the butler
had said a few days ago and you know
sent them back well two nights after
that that would be two nights ago now
the footman woke up again yelling the
same story about shapeless black masses
coming out of the walls and I I thought
they were still trying to prank our
housemaids I should in retrospect how
could I not have seen the signs you know
the butler of the other woman now these
guys twice I but in my heart of hearts I
couldn't imagine ghosts upon my house
for any reason I thought they were
stirring things up so we sent them back
to their beds and they refused and spent
the rest of the night awake in the
servants parlor there wrecked the whole
next day it was that that next night
last night that they spotted someone in
the yard and later they woke us up with
cries and we gathered in the hallway I
started reprimanding them and that's
when lord silver Horton walked right
through a doorway as if he was opening
his hand was doing the opening gesture
but he just moved through the doorway
and came at us with a raspy voice
screaming about vengeance we fled right
there in our in our night clothes and
everything and went to the inn I begged
address off the innkeeper in the morning
when the Sun came up and I came
immediately here well you don't know
right please you don't have him anyone
in your employ that can slay ghosts why
would she have in him
she has a whole estate filled with
guards footmen soldiers not a single
person there knows anything about
banshees they're ghosts of any type
ghosts aren't very common nevets I guess
you're right I should go to the city
watch with this I just I didn't want to
bring no notice someone else I thought
that someone like you could get it
handled
quiet yeah Annie can't one last memory
of my lord silver horn to be of a
vengeful spirit who couldn't stay dead I
don't want people thinking that of him
yes when all of the footman saw this
ghost did you all agree that it looked
like Lord silver horn yes well you said
you said that there was a shapeless
black blob and you saw Lord silver horn
as well at different times correct one
was coming out of the walls one was
walking through the house one was in the
garden yes yes yes and uh so which which
one of your which one of your employees
saw the black shape in which one of your
employees saw the your husband my Butler
saw the saw Lord silver horn in the
garden and the the footman saw him saw
the shapeless black masses and I think
at this point where I need to interject
a little bit something Bookman in the
context of a noble house we first like
the not the butler but the other male
servants in the area not like the
footman soldier footman Oh kind of an
archaic terminology that doesn't
translate well from me ages so the only
people who saw the actual lord silver
horn were you and the butler correct
people whom he was close so perhaps he's
purposely showing himself to you and not
the rest of them because he knows and
trusts you maybe subconsciously too but
um he he's I mean you said he wants
vengeance so he's definitely a vengeful
spirit but I would request that you and
your staff all vacate the premises
immediately for sometimes ghosts in
their separate plane are not able to
distinguish loved ones versus not loved
ones might not be the case in Lord
silver horns well maybe maybe the same
Wrangler sure maybe to save the trouble
of relocating completely a few more
questions has anybody been hurt or
attacked by any of these ghosts so far
not yet no has the ghost destroyed any
property or done any sort of damage at
all
I don't think so has the ghost moved in
a threatening manner towards anyone I
know you've said several times people
have fleed as he raised arms or or had
some sort of ether oblate or did he just
seem to be moving in an angry direction
towards people when he came out of the
door crying for vengeance he was
wielding a sword when he said he was
crying for vengeance did he mention any
names or did he look at any particular
person when he came through the door I
he didn't mention any names
I don't I couldn't see if he was looking
at somewhere in particular it was late
we were tired and then it was it goes to
coming out I sorry you said you at the
very beginning you said ten days ago
that there was a maid that originally
probably saw something that that she
fleed took all her possessions and left
do you remember the name of that maid or
where she might originate from her name
is Hannah she was I think originally
from this town but she left two whaler's
bay at least that's what she told the
innkeeper all right um
now have you you've described to us many
[Music]
many encounters of seeing this supposed
ghost through sight but has there ever
any and the other type of um have you
heard anything have you felt anything
has there been any other signs that lord
silver horn might have returned now that
you mention it yes the my nightstand our
nightstand his book kept showing up back
on it and I put it away and then it was
there again at first I thought it was
Gerald you know just going through the
old routines and habits of putting the
book on the nightstand every every day
or night whenever he does his cleaning
of the place I didn't say anything to
him I didn't want to remind him of the
loss who was Gerald again is that the
butler yes and then have there been
specific what is the book what is the
his journal or book he likes he he
usually reads at night before ok read at
night before bed have there been
specific parts of the house that Lord
silver horns ghost appears to have stuck
to or has he appeared and
more or less every part or he appeared
in the footman's bedroom twice and the
garden once and then just outside my
bedroom one that's when he came out here
he came out of the bedroom which I had
just been in when he chased us out last
night okay
I can't think of any other questions I'd
like to ask um okay we would like to
keep you at where did you say you're
saying the weekers Wrangler Wrangler
yes all right well um make sure all of
your employees everyone in the house
have are out just in case you know we
wouldn't want you to be in harm's way
and we will you have these occurrences
happened at all times of the day is
there any are they particularly at night
or oh man okay after sunset at a certain
time or dark just any anytime is armed
we haven't invented wrist wrist watches
yet I have no idea what time okay um
thank you ma'am we will investigate
maybe a via key to your state or
something of the sort of course and she
hands you a key to the estate okay she's
standing there uncomfortably in a dress
that's far too big to her and she
reiterates could you please keep trying
to keep this as quiet as possible I
really don't want word of this to get
out that dad lord silver horn is
haunting the house of course lady sorry
I let him uh I will say you have quite a
big amount of staff so um perhaps you
should have a good story first staying
at the Wranglers I've said to be the
roof was leaking and I decided to bring
everyone back to the inn until it was
fixed because I like my household staff
around it's not a great cover story I'm
hoping this could be
taking care of quickly I don't know well
I mean we're great at fixing leaky roofs
pit so we will we will make quick work
of this ma'am thank you now um we should
probably discuss I know yes I know
you're in in distress but we do not work
for free of course you run our business
so um for a job like this lady Sondra
will come at a hefty price because this
is a very dangerous job ghosts are very
dangerous work they're very difficult to
deal with and they require a lot of
knowledge a lot of them a lot of putting
our life at risks and a lot of tools as
well to get rid of the ghost so um we're
looking at a ten thousand copper how
much is this 100 gold right it's a
hundred gold but shouldn't you should
convert to copper in your head not to
gold copper is the base currency is the
top economy here okay
so Jennifer boom we only talk in
Benjamin's here okay no one talks in
Benjamin's everyone talks in dollars
10,000 copper 10,000 copper ladies
Sondra make some tell you what since I
know you're a very hard stressful time
in your life I'll say 15,000 copper
that's the lowest I can go that's
cutting us short okay fine fine thank
you
here's your key by her way Mikey your
tea oh thank you thank you all right
ladies Andhra well um we will be often
we will let you know if we have any
questions thank you so much all right
and you're off she leaves heads back to
the Wrangler as soon as she leaves death
burst in the laughter ghost jobs are
easy I was bullshitting the whole time
oh that's great then you should be able
to tell us all sorts of information
about this operation nevets of you if
you recall we've actually been on a
ghost a ghost song together do you
remember is one of our first cases I do
remember but I remember that case being
much easier because we paid 90% of the
purse yeah to bring an outside
investigator and who ruled that it
wasn't actually a ghost and yeah well
15,000 copper is a quite hefty price for
a ghost hunt so we're fine so where do
you guys think we should begin at well
at this date right well yeah but once we
get there what do you think our first
course of action Jimmy do you think it's
actually a girl stuff seems to me we've
got my words of five different hauntings
everybody seems to be pretty consistent
in their description that it is Lord
silver horn I think we can all agree
that Lord silver horn is quite dead and
that people don't normally walk through
walls as masses of blobs
unless you're familiar with some dark
magics that I'm not Toki so I think we
can safely say it's a ghost illusory so
she did say that the ghost was
interacting with doors that had moved
its hand towards the door and opened it
right well like as if she was opening
the door but the door
no I mean let's work on another plane
sure but I still interact with a
physical plane and we know this because
we know that a book is being moved over
and over again to a nightstand and she
said something about a sword but I'm not
sure if that was well she said it looked
as though he was holding an ether ol
sword some sort of swim in his hand as
he screamed for vengeance so
um do you guys know if ghosts are
capable of detecting like can a ghost be
fooled by disguised disguised a
disguised person sorry I disguise um
well I mean based on the reports it
seems like I do think it is it's not a
coincidence that only the people that
lured silver horn was quite close to
actually saw his being instead of just a
black blob so we might honestly not even
see lord silver horn himself that is
possible although we don't know was the
first made saw I see there being two
ways to go forward from this case or
maybe three from this point and then of
course you can decide what you think is
best so we could try to hunt down the
maid Hannah I believe was her name she
left for whaler's bay we could go to
Willie's way and find her and question
her to see what she saw maybe the first
haunting was unique from the other ones
or maybe she saw something interesting
the second way would be to remove that
book from the nightstand and then camp
out and wait and see how the book is
returned maybe we'll find some
information about this haunting based on
what he does with the book how he
returns it if he leaves it in a
particular way or opens to a particular
page and then the third way would be to
potentially try to trick the ghost with
disguises to see we can provoke a
reaction depending on who we are when we
go in so for instance dressing up as his
nephew as silver horn using some sort of
magic disguise seeing if that provokes a
certain type of response to find some
way to communicate with it maybe gives
us more information
um I like that second idea a lot are the
last idea a lot
but I don't think we should lead with it
I think we should um I think we can
offer me yeah I agree I think wait is
this have we sorry I don't mean that I
can use canned trips at any time I want
correct well they have like a certain
casting time associated with them but if
we're out of combat some can trips I
think require it like a ten-minute
ritual but I think it should no I mean
like I don't need spell slots a lot Oh
correct I can't trip should never
consume any sort of spell slots some can
trips I believe can be casted with spell
slots for additional effects
I don't know that applies to characters
in it that might only be a level one
spells
trips are always cantering then can trip
should never consume I smell something
correct um how FAR's whaler's bay do we
know it is a believe it's one day of
travel let me double check here whaler's
bay is 15 miles away but it's all
downhill so it's actually quite easy to
go that way more like 20 it's got hard
to come back uh yeah but it's uphill on
the way back so it's easy hike there
slow hike but you said 15 miles right
large aside or about that it's forced
Texas so it's 20 miles okay that's a
day's training then back right
it's a day's journey there and a
separate day back yeah yeah is it
possible to perhaps send a letter by
bird by Raven we could send a letter but
there's no guarantee that she would
actually get the letter maybe it'd be
better if we wanted to investigate this
we were there's no guarantee that she's
a well with Bay yeah of course but like
if we send a letter and we get no
response that doesn't really tell us
anything it's probably best to just go
there everyone I actually talked to him
and messenger not bird yeah there's not
like bird messaging services they're
difficult birds are trained birds fly
between cities are rare enough that
they're really only owed used by the
nobility to communicate super important
stuff cuz they're always shot down based
on the maids reaction I think it's
pretty safe to assume that she saw
something different from what the rest
of them saw maybe a threat
maybe something of the light but um or
she's just that frightened of ghosts but
um I think that
you think it's worth going I don't think
it's worth the day's travel we have to
do this as quickly as possible
um wait out of character um did we get
the long rest in nope that is not until
Saturday and today is Monday wishes long
rest
yeah but we don't have time wait oh no
because she's they're staying at the at
the Wrangler and she wants it to be well
their wealth and nobility they could
just take a vacation couldn't they at a
bar well I mean they're at an inn right
that's what the at an inn in the town
why she would be she taking a vacation
why they can go out somewhere I don't
know [ __ ] well what are their options
how many days do we do the whole lantern
thing
does that count into the long rest no
the longer started after you stopped
casting spells and everything okay um
I'm going to how far away is the
Wrangler from our place down the block
15 minutes walk okay I wanna my message
is 120 feet um and I would like to
message the lady um our message lady
saundra mostly because I just wanted to
use message I think it's cool um I want
a message here like get close enough
second messenger and I think I want to
tell her to take a vacation to a nearby
town instead of staying in the ring with
okay so that we have more time okay you
don't want to send that in person you
want to deliver it through a magic
message that just arrives in her ear
after she's been seeing ghosts and we
could just probably tow to the ring use
my can trip cause it is cool
great I just
greater Contin okay cool I'm gonna go
you can clear this message to her and
she understands that it's gonna take
some time and she will head out into
whaler's bay and just pretend that the
whole household staff is on a trip
she'll uh you know maybe stop at a
friend's house and hang out there can I
can I tell her um
if she well when she goes to whaler's
bay um if she sees her maid Hannah um
please request that Hannah either um
sends us some kind of message or
communicates with us because we have
questions to ask her and they would
greatly help us of course
I'll send back any information I can
find do you think it's safe during the
day to go back if we're gonna go on a
trip we'll need some things yes we'll
will accompany you while you drive so
she will take you to her house and while
she and her servants are here gathering
their things you guys can ask any
questions you want
what is the scheduled date for the
execution of silver horns nephew that is
Wednesday what we're actually it's gonna
be he was caught Thursday night Friday
the 11th is when he's executed he's
execute on it and what is it like the
fifth no or the same day is - today's
Monday the 7th he's gonna be killed on
Friday the 11th
um okay so what year is it 1512 what
date is it January 11th No January 7th
11th is when he's executed
okay well uh I guess we should do you
have any questions for her about the
estate move or they leave and you won't
be able to get questioned uh questions
answered so are there any parts are
there any parts of this estate that we
won't be able to access that you have
specifically borrowed off that we might
need gain access to if the ghost troca
no no you this is everything and to your
knowledge the only thing that's being
impacted by the ghost is the movement of
that one book correct yes so the best of
my knowledge but I haven't really been
looking for signs of a ghost okay and
that book is sitting on the bookshelf or
whatever right now we're on the
nightstand she will take you to her
bedroom to get a definite answer for you
which will bring us to this up here is
there quarters or quarters now and it is
this nightstand over here where the book
is and she looks at it and it's there
now I put it away last night in the
library I'm quite curious has this Coast
been here at the same times every night
about I don't know you um what do you
mean you don't know is it always coming
after dark is it always coming in the
mornings is it coming in the after dark
always after dark okay after the Sun is
said immediately or in the middle of the
night or in the middle of the night I've
always been woken up by these things
okay um okay
what where are the places you have seen
you where have people seen the ghost I
am going to mark the map with some fancy
pantsy tokens that we will remember we
are
whoo we're on the upper floor I know me
yes Jesus this is huge you guys have a
large mansion so this blue circle here
I'm gonna make it big can you see this
circle over here can you do that again
oh yes yeah you see that mm-hmm okay
who saw that one you guys do you all see
this ping huh cool that's where they saw
the ghost the last time and over here on
the opposite side
way over here where the buttload not the
butler's footmen are actually no are
they on the lower floor that foot means
yes it's the lower floor it's the second
floor I'm gonna bring us down to the
second floor here over here where that
blue ping is going off this is where
they saw him coming out of the wall
twice
and then in the garden as well which I'm
gonna bring us to the first floor oh I'm
sorry you guys couldn't see the second
floor here this is the second floor now
I'm sorry this ping over here yeah yeah
that's the second floor and now we're
gonna go down to the first floor again
and he was seen in the garden over here
by the bushes on the top side okay we
have no wait is that where the main side
and we have no idea why the main we can
only assume in her bedroom right okay
Curious George so and Carissa
mmm-hmm so they gather their things and
get prepared and they prepare to head
out she can also give you a brief walk
around the estate and tell you what all
the rooms of Nick the kids do just so if
you have any questions down the line you
can have answers even if she's not here
um what was this room down here what is
this this is sort of like an
entertainment hall you know there's like
a big statue at the base in the middle
pillars they might play music over here
and have some dancing going on or you
might entertain guests journey is there
a painting on the easel yeah yes and
each of these thingies over here are big
tapestries hanging from the walls are
there pretty pictures on them there are
pretty pictures on them yeah okay what
do you want to do for our first night of
Investigation
we can buy Hana we can wait here for the
ghosts in the room to see what it does
with the book or we can try to provoke a
response from the ghost I think we
should do the book first I think we
should leave Hannah - lady saundra are
they going to the same place yep okay
okay okay so this is what I'm gonna do
then we're gonna do the book the first
night you the book yep okay so then do
we all want to go into the room I guess
we'll just place the book on the floor
and then we'll all like I just kind of
like wait up on the beds in the couches
and see what happens oh it's good kind
of like I mean it works while we're
waiting for clothes um typically
something that exists on an ether a
plane can't be attacked by something on
the physical plane right is that how
that works or if it's on the ethereal
plane then correct theory okay so
where's the date table in question is
the chest or this water if it moves into
our world to attack us though we can
attack it you should be able to hit it
although it might they usually have some
sort of resistance to physical damage
yeah it's possible for something to be
there's various levels of shifting
between the ethereal plane and the
material plane so it's hard to give a
straight answer but generally speaking
if it can hurt you you can hurt it
usually things that are fairly shifted
have resistance to damage and if they're
thoroughly shipped enough they might be
able to manipulate things very gently in
the real world while not being able to
be interacted without magic well we um I
don't think the ghosts will attack
because since none of us are a human we
look nothing like Lord silver horns well
that's again we're not trying to
impersonate anyone now we just want to
see what it does yes book so exactly
yeah so we take the book and we set it I
guess like on the floor in the middle of
the room like facedown with like the
pages
open to some random page in the middle
what kind of book is it again it's a
fiction book it is
it's called Murder She Wrote says about
murder mystery horror is a murder
mystery Wow how many times can he reread
this a murder mystery he's got a whole
library there's a whole series of misses
Murder She Wrote 17 dynasties on the
hunt for the man who murdered someone
down by the docks and no one knows why
but he's got like bruising from a rope
but there was no wrote found their
prints as the docks there's a lot of
rope but there was no rope that was like
a noose town guard thinkin's one person
she's convinced he's innocent and she's
out to prove his innocence and maybe
catch the real killer are there is there
like a volume reads other volumes of
other books here like you said this is
chapter set or part 17 do we see more
Jesus yes but this is the only one in
the room this is the one that he was
reading when he kicked it can I go and
find other books that are of similar
volumes and place them on the floor next
to this one as well and not an unable to
kill your manner but just so they're all
kind of scattered about the floor so
volumes oak ten through twenty yeah you
gather both marked place them all over
the floor I do believe that this over
here is the library
there must be shelves that aren't
properly displayed on math that's gonna
be this this thing in here okay so you
gather up ten books eleven books put
them on the floor leave the one open to
a page so you know which ones being
pulled and you're gonna wait until
nightfall yeah excellent toys and snacks
yeah you can get some snacks what sort
of vegan snacks do you get some carrot
sticks carrot sticks are a great
nighttime snack today a popcorn and this
universe all you need is corn and we pop
it right yes
yeah you have to cook stove in a pot lid
well we're gonna we're gonna pass our
time by by telling you two other ghost
stories all the concurring bosses and
really bond with each other you know
yeah this is this is definitely our
bonding night so uh okay
wait can we roleplay our bonding yeah
can you play some hard felt like I'm
sure music and [ __ ] music music then
[ __ ] heartwarming friendship music yeah
I can get you some why don't we take a
break and when we come back from the
break we can bond and we can listen to
some friendship music while we do so
friendship bonding oh yeah okay um we'll
catch you guys in about a break
hello everybody welcome back to our coal
campaign guys have Dungeons and Dragons
of dice and Men what's up what cool
stuff we're about to see today koi boo
we are gonna play some friendship music
where we forge character friendships and
bonds with each other and really really
create that strong relationship that
will last through the episodes until our
characters eventually die and we have to
make new ones yeah
[Music]
alright mm-hmm okay I wanna come first
way I want to soft in the mood by
playing them some music on Maya on my
lute actually my violin because I have
the most proficiency in the valence
state sounds like I haven't flute - I
have a way can you play that again Lilly
I think some of my hearing is still
intact
I wanna play them a song and I want it I
want to sing them a song like I want to
improv a song with our names that in
like like you know bards in in stories
they often say you know they like tell
stories through their songs
I wanna tell them a story of our party
like I want to tell them the story of us
discovering the the mystery of the mine
check this he's always a little fun and
night what is that like a source okay
but another way it turns
there are lanterns around the house
magic lanterns
I think candles are probably gonna be
best bet all right I'm just gonna get
comfy no sew on a couch eat some carrot
sticks and just uh yeah let's do some
tea of course
okay okay I'm seeing them a song and
then yeah but it's over now okay I don't
know all right that it you guys the
Funko stories in bonded
know your bounds are bombing okay let's
move it
no that's come here yeah I want out get
out on Twitter and come out on Turner
I'm right here the sad reality is that I
can't think of a single ghost or that's
more horrifying than the evils that
humans already visit upon these limbs so
now that's uh where were you born I was
born at these very city walls yeah what
uh what keeps you here we're your
parents where's your family
um I'm not entirely sure my family is in
the lower class citizen
I haven't had contact with them since I
was a young lad it's why I was in a life
of crime early on you should know this
you asked me all these questions when
you hired me deaf and I'm here because I
don't have the money to leave where do
you see yourself in five to ten years
hopefully working for a slightly more
respectable investigatory buddy um
excuse me
Nevins why why are you bad-mouthing our
uh our agency I thought you enjoyed your
work here I do enjoy my work but I'm
sure we all also hope to grow one day of
course we all have humble beginnings I
started this business rather recently
you know we're we're doing great first
startup yes yeah rather handsome
charming fellow
how come you don't have a little you
have a lady in mind or uh well Toki my
only love is the love of mystery I
cannot I do not commit myself to one to
one woman okay
hi I like many women I like I like
especially leading women on and then and
then not talking with I'm sorry I
request to meet you
well what a scream are you uh all right
what's next
hmm okay Toki where are you from
oh you know I've I've traveled a lot met
a lot of people and I've never been part
of a detective agency that's one thing
off my bucket list before inevitably die
of old age so what's what else is on
your bucket list oh whoa
daph I was thinking hmm you know I would
like to get into the dating scene again
I do miss having lovers mmm you and me
both Doki oh yeah well cranky ding wait
I want to I want to learn about your
guys's origin stories I'm sure you guys
wrote your character origin stories
right so I went up ok nevets nevets you
don't have you don't know anything about
your your like tell me about your life
before I met you my life before I met
you well there was a there is a lovely
younger class lady that I fell in love
with at an early age and we enjoyed our
days together and we had much fun but
unfortunately what's the name of the
crime people the you said there was like
a family that random that's the family
okay when I was working a job one day
doing some I don't remember what we were
doing we I think we were escorting some
merchants that were coming back to the
city one of the people travelling with
the merchants was the cousins one of the
family members and she set her eyes upon
me as I was working and eventually we
got into a strange relationship where it
seemed like she had taken a fancy to me
and fell in love with me and
unfortunately even though I wanted to
maintain my relationship with the other
girl she found out about it and had her
killed and that is why I am with you
today
wow that's talkative its I'm so hard
sorry to hear that you know what you're
you're still a young lad nevets you'll
find love again yes but I mean sometimes
one is you know one is never truly liked
the other so I'm sorry for your loss
what about you doing well I used to be
rich I mean I look like I'm from a
family of nobility I was ostracized
oestrus - ostrich - ostracized at a
young age because what I liked it not
aligned with what my family so one day I
saw them killing a rabbit it was
actually I found these baby rabbits in
the field I thought I could keep it from
my father but my parents found it and
they killed it in front of me to teach
me a lesson ever since then I decided to
really value all animals lives and thus
started my quest to become a kind
peace-loving druid wow that's beautiful
Toki thank you thank you you guys finish
up your stories you see something begin
to move in through the wall it is a
shapeless black mass that reaches
through the fireplace and enters the
room even if we're not going into combat
we should go in initiative order because
we are in such a situation
little little ki way so it's a black
mass I'm from the fireplace it's just
like moved through the fireplace this
shapeless black mass is sort of has a
face and sort of has like maybe fingers
but then it's just like wispy smoke that
connects it to its body and this little
genie like tendril at the bottom
does it have like a like a discernible
face or anything like that or no it does
yes does it look like what's over horn
it does not look like Lauren silver horn
doesn't look like it looks like a person
you've never seen before as sort of ebbs
and flows at the face itself is made out
of smoke or something but there are
enough features that if you've knew the
person you could probably recognize the
person they masculine or feminine what
like just ask Yulin masculine long hair
short hair no hair
balrog old like weight like bald or like
it just doesn't have hair like it's an
apparition that wouldn't have hair it
looks ball it looks a bald man we know
what Lord what you should yes you didn't
see his body actually how oh you've seen
pictures of him hanging around the house
yeah of course yeah yeah so it's not
Lord silver it's not Lord stillborn does
the does the apparition have does it
look young old medium aged sort of you
know middle 30s 40s it's kind of hard to
tell I think that's as much information
as I want to give you without having you
roll like checks on your turn oh yeah
okay these are my turn
yes it is your turn you have the fastest
initiative what do you want to do is
this thing moves into the room I'm going
to use I'm gonna do a perception check
all right that's great yeah okay oh god
there it is is there any reason you
should have advantage on that check
[Music]
I have I for detail which is well it
allows me to use a bonus action to make
a wisdom check but I didn't really give
me a very I mean but no with the
perception check everything that I've
said is about as much as you're good
that's fine because I got more turns
go ahead what else do want to do on your
turn anything else I just want to sit
here and chill all right Toki it is your
turn what am I supposed to do I don't
know what you want to do a ghost just
move through the walls what do you do
Toki cool I've never seen a ghost can we
go to it yeah let's go to it
go to it Toki okay I'm going it I'm
going to up approach slowly tokens
yeah like maybe maybe don't don't touch
it Toki
what a they cut you with my bath wait I
want to actually no no wait oh no
something [ __ ] all right okay you reach
out with your staff and touch it like
kind of like like you know like lightly
product but then like as soon as I do
like immediately go back you know like
that kind of yeah your staff sort of
like goes through its in corporeal body
and then quickly retreats oh oh what do
we do
wait I just retreated the ghost in no no
the staff like it goes through the body
and then she pulls them like I'm Michael
Caine you know like cool Daffy it is
your turn okay um
can I um can I do a perception check on
this cordial and I'd also like does it
remind me of any like I'm sure you know
as investigators we pay attention a lot
to the to the house and to everything
around the house I'm sure they have like
you know some family pictures around
does it look like any family members any
staff any anyone I've seen great
question give me that perception check
not only does it not look like any of
these people you are fairly certain it
is of no person you've ever seen in your
life in pictures paintings in person
anything like that
furthermore with that perception check
and perhaps you're better angle on the
side of the ghost you can see that well
it doesn't really have arms there's our
sort of shoulders and they look very
well built you know like very muscular
shoulders both has muscular shoulders
sort of like it's a pathogen with the
appearance of a person and this person
that's an appearance of has muscular
shoulders Oh handsome ghosts and see
it's a really necromancy if it's with a
ghost you're thinking necrophilia
Oh I mean necrophilia ah that is an
answer for a question for better
philosophers than me anything else you
want to do in your turn Daffy oh no I
want to watch with us right it moves
[Music]
dear and it picks up the book
and it phases towards the door did you
guys leave the door open or closed
closed okay the ghost moves right on
through the wall while the book falls to
the ground at the door the ghost
vanishes on the other side of the wall
does the book open on a specific page or
it's my turn can I move forward and open
the door you just press the door open
that's it yes you see the ghost over
here the book I think I just stayed open
to the same page as it was picked up
that fell and maybe some pages turned
back and forth during the fall does it
look like it intentionally landed on
anything sure is the ghost just like
chilling there it is in movement going
up this staircase
okay can I pick up the book and follow
the ghost yes yes you can wait so all he
did was turn some pages and then you
didn't turn any pages he just picked it
up and I fell to the floor
yeah the ghost heads up the staircase
question yeah you know how we put other
books out yeah which one did he pick up
picked up the picked up the book yeah
oh so you will follow the ghost up the
staircase on your turn we'll get there
on the next round Toki what do you do
for your turn I mean I'm gonna follow
him there's not much I can do alright
you can follow you could not follow I
don't know there's a million things you
could do Oh what's my party and a few -
hey you also go with them okay you all
head up the stairs
[Music]
the top of this I will drag you to a new
floor is some sort of I don't quite want
to call it an observatory but it's a
room with windows on all the sides and a
walkway around it so it's sort of like
you know a social town observatory or a
watching room it's not quite a widow's
walk but something of that kind and the
ghost
sort of floats outside I want to follow
you another one appears do you recognize
any of these ghosts why do they have
health bars
yeah gravy why do they help first I
don't know everything has a health bar
right well it didn't before mud guards -
okay do they look do these ghosts all
look similar or we lost our initiative
yes your initiative I will read it
Wow how far how tall up is this widow's
bog thing this is the 4th floor so it
should be 40 feet up ok and what do
these ghosts like I guess know if it's
the 4th floor it's 30 feet up I'm sorry
ok
what are these ghosts we click again
they are sort of shapeless black forms
the first one has been kind of just
moving in this direction it came up the
stairs and out and then these other ones
sort of materialized out of thin air and
their initial actions this one is coming
towards Daffy this one's coming towards
Daffy this one's coming towards Daffy
and this one is just moving towards the
walls into the middle room and I think
it's right now that we should maybe we I
guess you guys are already in initiative
work but I'm gonna add the ghost ok
these first this ghost will step through
the wall partially and then reach out a
hand to you Daffy and strike at you with
this advantage but you can feel it
reaching for you and it kinda like
reaches through the wall and rakes at
the air in front of you but doesn't
quite touch you
wait and this the target dies what does
that mean is that mean is reduced to 0
HP or does I mean is permanently killed
target dies it permanently killed ok
yeah wait wait what are your face next
shade moves forward and also reaches
through the wall at Daft its reaching
through the wall so it has disadvantage
on the attack but at 18 will still hit
you daph and you take 9 necrotic damage
as you can feel your life force slip
away it doesn't leave any marks on your
body but there's a weakness inside of
you you also lose one
point of strength temporarily we'll just
have to remember nevets it's your turn
and you can hear that to cry out when
you get hit by this ghost uh I'm trying
I know
or at least I've been Todd that ghosts
really like fear okay so I am trying not
to look as scared at all but I would
like to say guys and like draw attention
well not the beard scared sure alright
nevets it's your turn wait that wasn't
her actual term right that was just like
a that was just your moist put serve
voice okay um okay
these look like things I should be able
to attack land of plan to blow on right
yeah okay so I'm gonna move here and I'm
gonna take a swing with my rapier at
this mm-hmm this guy right all right
roll the hit at advantage 18 hits 21
hits why do you have advantage
it's a flanking yeah perfect scalp
damage is gonna be 10 damage mm-hmm plus
plus my snake attack because 15 all
right this creature is resistant to
damage so it's gonna take half of 15
hunch is seven cuz we round down so it
takes seven damage as you rip through
its way f---ing bits
okay the movements are both I see um
I slash through the ghost and I see like
its body kind of as I like hit it with
the blade and I see the three other
ghosts surrounding
ha what it what what is the okay talk to
me height is 30 feet and you see the
ghosts up here you could reasonably
shoot at the ghost from below right you
should be able to totally yeah okay I'd
use my cunning action to disengage I
want to jump up beside you just like
throw yourself off the side of the
building
alright roll up buddy don't I should be
able to acrobatic slam I'm very
dexterous I'm quite dexterous there
might be a rule here about acrobatics
for half damaged or something for sure
or there's got to be a roll there okay
hi 3d6 nope nope there are spells and
abilities so you can use to reduce your
falling damage but there is no such
blanket rule so you just take 3d6
falling damage you'll probably be fine
I'm gonna die I want to just jump off
and land headfirst is what I'm aiming
for you hit the ground
tumble dislocate your shoulder pop it
back in your toe key it's your turn
alright um I want to go to death hmm
goodnight can I can I can I can I go
next him there's a wall right there
right this is yeah about the door and
around if you wanna wait then how was I
outside there walked out and around you
put yourself there why didn't I think I
just was there when we came in all right
so then you must be on this side and
that ghost was reaching through the wall
at you that still solves all of our
problems okay okay but I can now reach
him right oh you have to step through a
ghost to do so do you want to walk
through the ghost
you're really short oak you can't reach
them from the staircase that's the
screen right there this this break here
is a scream so go can they just knock
down the screen and go man
yeah so you like knock down the screen
hop all over the couch and your little
dwarf body great nimble dwarf I have
been through a lot of [ __ ] okay
I'm gonna touch down I want to give him
bark skin you reached between the ghosts
touch death and grant him 16 AC until
such time snow ends she made my skin
hard she also ate something else are
touching me I'm so sorry
well we can talk about that later okay
if we come out of this alive no you
still the few spells don't you i have
spells but those my action so with my
bonus action Wow turn well hold on you
have a gun no you didn't get along the
rest you don't know we do it we do it I
made that very clear we didn't do a long
rest and that if you get into a battle
and you're long rest is canceled we
talked about
Thank You RA we talked about this but I
still on one spell to left though right
did you cast pork skin on yourself
before remember at the beginning you
said you know how many spells you're
okay yeah that I don't have any spells
left yeah okay can we can we can we go
back to the beginning yeah you're over
here hey oh man this is this is
somewhere I'm gonna be honest with you
cap yeah it's not looking so hot
jeez I'm trying to distract them yeah
yeah
how do you distract them just ghosties
whoa listen um after turning into a bear
multiple times I'm really good at boring
as a dwarf as well
what is it dwarf roar I sound like I'm
not versed right now I don't know I'm
okay just you know well I guess you
don't care about DAPs life much jeez all
right you try and call the ghosts over
to you do you move do you stay in the
same I'm like jumping and I'm like
leaving my styles I'm just saying you
over here okay but you stay on the same
square I'm like slowly making my way out
if that makes sense like yeah Alex I
like China or them all you're sure so
you've disengaged from the ghost and
then use your movement to slowly
disengage to slowly walk away yeah China
like you know see they're following me I
mean you start to disengage one of them
its head sort of just turns while the
rest of its body stays the same this one
right here this guy as it begins to look
at you and we'll go to Daffy Daffy it's
your turn okay um okay so would it be
possible to run out wait out of way you
know you did that tracing thing how do I
do that damn looks like a circle with a
line through it like a ruler going into
a hole that will give you that and then
you right-click to make a pivot point
how much do I
how many feet do I get thirty you can
move 30 and then you can take an action
to move another 30 but if you walk away
from the ghosts without disengaging
which is an action they get attacks of
opportunity so realistically you can
disengage in with 30 feet no if I were
ah okay I'll tell you what I want to do
and ask you this is possible okay um so
what I want to do is I want to run out
the door try to grab Toki if I can and
use my rope to get the [ __ ] out of here
so you can disengage go out the door and
the next round you can take an action -
it would take it be an action to quickly
tie the rope around a post I think so I
grab your rope toss around the post put
a quick knot in it could I use um it has
a bonus action to do that or no it's a
full-fledged action it might be I think
it should take two rounds to tie a rope
around a post cuz each round is only six
seconds long what if Tokyo to help me it
would still be in action wait a sec what
are you trying you're trying to tie a
rope in John round yeah I want to go if
she jumps on me I have a reaction right
can I like use my reaction to try to
catch her him yeah if you want to take
his falling damage no I never meant I'm
good okay so you can disengage move away
from the ghosts next round you can tie a
rope to the pole and rappel down it but
that's gonna take two rounds to tie rope
and safely get down
or you could try and just run from the
ghosts and take out tax of opportunity
from at least four of them as you grope
and repelled hurry up Daffy otherwise
you stand there in indecision um oh wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
unless this is House Rules
taking a disengage action I thought
makes it so you do not take a tax of
opportunity correct anybody not even
from not just what yeah okay so if you
take a disengages in action you should
be able to move through everything and
not take any damage right but then she
can only move thirty feet which won't
get her out unless she wants to like
throw herself off a ledge oh boy chicken
just go downstairs right and run to the
house wait Daffy what are you gonna do
what are you doing deaf standing there
in indecision we're looking around the
ghosts are getting closer you can feel
them draining your life and your
strength we're coming for you Daffy I am
going can i light a camera as a bonus
action no it's full-fledged action to do
anything significant okay I'm gonna run
where are you gonna run I want to run
these stairs wait can you show me the
downstairs like this is the downstairs
staircase right here you can make it she
can run away the ghosts are they fast
yeah but I don't wanna leave talking
about human speed you're not reading
them right probably not oh boy we why
they run about your speed and they get
to hover or fly so if there's anything
in the way they will catch up like they
can proceed at a very constant rate and
you might have to turn around the corner
they can just go through the wall on my
turn hold on we got to see what the f
does first hold on they're just gonna
come and kill you no wait but if I - if
they - I'm faster if I - I'm faster than
you - you're faster when you take
attacks of opportunity I'm gonna put 60
seconds on the 45 I'm gonna do sin gage
I'm gonna disengage
and I am going to go here
and then and then run this way all right
okay here do it move yourself there oh
you got to go back to the pointy pointy
all right
you disengage move away from the ghosts
getting to the edge of the wall as the
next shade takes its turn it phases
through the wall after you comes over
here this was a bad decision here comes
over here and it reaches for Toki and
grabs at her with the seven to hit which
is not good enough the next shade phases
through the wall and comes over to Toki
and grabs it her as well with an eight
which is not good enough they're rolling
shitty it's okay comes for you here
grabs that utopia 24 to hit you will
take 12 necrotic damage bringing you to
half your hip points and you also
temporarily lose two points of strength
here Toki they're surrounding you they
hunger for your life all of your lives
is one will grab you for eight necrotic
damage Toki you're at four hip points
it's getting dark it's getting very late
a mess oh is one more shade to go comes
over here Toki and it reaches for you it
reaches it's 11 if you have ten AC you
have ten AC whenever they does it go to
attacker a defender again it goes to
attacker so even if he rolls with ten it
doesn't matter yes
all right Toki it hits you again you
feel your life drained from you as you
collapse on the floor you also lose to
deform strength so five and two so you
lost seven strength total as you hit the
ground unconscious feeling your life
trade it's also worth noting that you
are at one strength if you lose one more
point of strength a ghost hits you one
more time
you are
forever nevets you're on the ground
floor you can hear the screams of the
dying and the dead above I mean I have
nothing I can use against ghosts I can
move my movement is 25 feet I think I
can move here can I hit that the specter
behind death with an arrow no he's like
30 feet up and there's a wall here I
guess if you move it I know it's not on
the map but if I move that way to the
left you might be able to get an angle
on him okay so we'll just we'll call you
30 feet off the map is that fair yeah
that sounds fair to me attacked we don't
know if they haven't been attacked just
now okay so I'm gonna fire an arrow and
the you see which one I'm pinging this
one yeah I see it I see it okay that is
a short Wow shot does it does a 10 hit
10 does not hit it sails over the ghost
and thuds into the wall okay Oh Toki
you're dying
give me a death saving throw Toki you
stand up here with a 20 he would be a
literal living guy
oh you're dying Toki you're dying I
can't
well it's a pond I'm dying okay engines
ok wait did we get good memories what
are you gonna do are you gonna leave
Toki behind and save yourself or are you
going to risk an attack and go back in
and grab Toki uh even if I go back in
and grab Toki I can't what am I gonna do
throw her off the ledge like sorry don't
good it's yeah it's your decision leader
um her life is in your hands well so is
mine so I'm gonna have to uh where's
nevets here okay okay wait would this
okay um I'm going to run
oh my god what do you do I guess would
it it would be a full action to go back
here to go go to Toki go to Toki grab
her
throw her off the left it would be an
action to grab and pull her with you um
so you could grab her pull her with you
toss her off the ledge and then Bob wait
what else could I do that one turn you
could do that in one turn but you would
risk taking an attack of opportunity
from one ghost from one shade one attack
of opportunity to grab Toki and throw
both of you off the ledge where you will
take significant falling damage you
could do it though you wait a second so
what if I were to use my rope to lasso
Toki pull her over and then go listen
I'll just I'll work on what do you want
I'm gonna do an attack of opportunity
we're gonna do it this is our only
chance to ash okay sorry reach out you
grabbed Toki by the leg you dragged her
with yourself to the ledge hurl her body
off the ledge Musti falls 40 feet as
long as she doesn't she can Evans to try
to help she can't take 24 damage she
can't so she takes it failed to death
saving folks 3 to 6 can't equal 24 so
she was one death saving throw away from
death but she's still alive you're gonna
take an attack of opportunity as you
throw yourself off the ledge here we go
what is your AC what number does it need
to hit to hit you 13 13 uh-huh all right
it hits you maybe it rolls low damage
though hold on we take 6 damage I
there die can I use you have another
cutting board words yeah yeah yeah I
have one more diet saved it I say it
reduce the damage by d6 you need to
reduce it by at least two to survive a 1
to 6 oh I wish you get to zero you know
what as a conciliatory that's really
close I'll say uncon akyuu the ghost
hits you as you're leaning against the
ledge and your unconscious body stumbles
and falls off do you take one failed
death save and grow from falling 30 feet
to the ground below you can no longer
see the four of these shades up here
well it's up TMS the one shade that you
can see does move back inside and
vanished from view nevus why do you do
okay I believe I should be able to get
to Lilly's character on the ground if I
take a move and I use my cunning action
as a bonus - yes yes so once I'm here I
should be able to make a medicine check
yes to try to resuscitate her and I need
a tenner higher you need a tenner higher
oh you stabilize her she's no longer
going to die wait you got an AK 20
didn't he only if you had advantage Oh
Toki but the first one is 20 yeah but
it's not natural 20 oh sorry but even in
that 20 wouldn't make a difference it
still just stabilizes Toki on your turn
you can't do anything Daffy it's time to
make a death saving throw if you roll
one you fail - and you die Nevins ok I
move over and I attempt to wait if she
roll she rolls a 10 or less she dies no
no she had rolled a 1 she would have
failed to death saving for ok yeah ok um
and I'll use medicine to stabilize I'll
try
alright whew they're both stable but
unconscious just outside the Haunted
Mansion what are you gonna do with your
unstable employer and your other
I'm sorry you're stabilized employer who
might also be unstable and the the dwarf
the smuggling dwarf can I tie their feet
together with a rope and drag both of
them probably a good idea tie their feet
to get there with the rope and what's
your strength nevets pretty [ __ ] yeah
let's see you had six strength my
strength is that five I think or four
did you take a hit from a ghost I don't
think so
why am i 1h o every month I remember
yeah I got it you don't need to remind
me covered no I so I have actually my
maximum six string-- all right
ah how heavy are you nevets and how
heavy are you deaf
no never it's uh Daffy and Toki how much
do you guys weigh
I'm a door um small three feet tall I
weigh 155 pounds I weigh like a hundred
that's too much to drag for the six
strength nevets you can drag one of them
at a time who do you want to save first
uh oh man why I have to make this
decision you're the new leader I'll just
I'm gonna drag Toki for now because
she's smaller lighter that's the only
reason
alright you will drag Toki away mm-hmm
while you're gone dragging her to safety
see if and because pull the hole in
issued oh wait no deaf isn't healthier
right she's still at where she's at zero
HP or whatever yeah yeah deaf has one
more to failed saving throws to go Toki
only has one failed save occurred ago
that should be at zero in points only
one way but all those death saves should
be reset now right all right cuz they're
both stable good girl
yep okay yeah
oh [ __ ]
drag them away no ghosts come for Daffy
and you managed to get him away as well
and you can bring all of them back to
the wall is the wall a safe enough
distance from the the keep I mean like
how much distance is between me and the
keep itself this is 80 feet I should be
I don't see any ghost coming from out of
the building or anything no you don't
but it's dark it's only one day after
the new moon you probably wouldn't see
it until it was upon you anywhere umm
it's not marked on the map right now but
I believe that we spotted some of the
ghosts inside of the estate but outside
the actual keep itself like they were
near those bushes in the north part of
the map right right I'll be drag yeah
yeah I remember where so I'll be
dragging both of them outside of the
wall of the the men or whatever this is
her thing sure you can't take them one
at a time through the main gate and into
the street how are you gonna get them
home to unconscious bodies you might
have escaped the the haunting mm-hmm ha
what are you gonna do with carrying two
unconscious bodies through the city
streets it makes it look like you're a
killer or something what do you well a
short rest is eight eight hours feeding
and I yeah um do I have the ability to
make any sort of camp or anything right
now I mean it's just a regular city
street yeah I mean can't we just like
rest against like the wall err on the
side of the street we look like a few
droids I guess all right you curl up in
a nice part of town on the sidewalk and
home no I didn't say I was gonna sleep
out here I'm just saying it basically
yeah you curled em up on the sidewalk
like a couple of drugs and you I guess
you leave them there on the sidewalk
then no hang around all right let's see
Jesus Christ
[Music]
it looks like the patrols this part of
town happened earlier in the evening
nobody comes by that night it's quite
empty and quiet and come morning what
did you just say the patrols came by
early this evening oh so like they
missed us already
yeah like whatever guards
walk through the city streets at night
must have come through this part of town
earlier that evening okay guys I am yeah
no guards come through nothing comes
through you wake up the next morning in
town one HP 0hp and 0 HP wait we wake up
the next morning that sounds like a
short rest to me quite boom it does
sound like a short rest do you guys can
all expend your hit dice I believe we I
have one okay no it's been a few nights
right you regains you've had one too
this is your third short rest oh won't
you be at max at X ray oh nice 9 HP ok
sick thanks equivalently so he can seven
hey what so I met max age
holy [ __ ]
well I don't think I could do song of
rest while I was unconscious right no oh
hey the party wakes up in the morning
brushes off the dirt from the street and
I assume heads back to the office seems
like a good place to regroup and discuss
what you're gonna do
I saw my life flash by my eyes I iced
our strengths back now I know either we
have one a long rest
yeah are you really permanently dead
when you do this [ __ ] if they reduced
your strength to zero it just kills you
yeah
is there a drained enough of your we're
done with that night though right that
night is over those stories have been
written better okay was there a reason
why the second ghost that hit Lily
didn't actually drain her string it did
I just added it later you'll if you
scroll up you'll see a 2d four for
strength string after an extra damage
right there
wait where'd this one d4 know there's a
to d4 four five right before your store
Poe attack that rolled a tendon 25 oh
okay
oh nice okay oh you did this to d4 I see
yeah
oh so she really didn't get it out with
one strength oh yeah nice okay I was
making sure you weren't dead you know oh
thanks
that's my son is making sure the
previous I was gonna go show okay um why
didn't they roll the falling damage to
see if it was permadeath because in
order to die you have to be it's 1.5
times your max HP and I don't think was
possible to roll that much right is that
what you sighs it's just you have to go
to your negative max HP oh yeah and what
you can't roll 24 on 3 d6 wait who's 20
daph could have taken 14 falling damage
daph you only have 14 HP rolling that
let's just see it just roll might be
dead weight but whoa ha ha ha the night
is already over let's just see what she
would have rolled
for retconning yeah are we reading right
now metagame in quite an area all right
we'll just roll to see if you would have
died yeah let's just see ya key to trail
us on the way down and it broke your
ball okay so make it one day say yeah
yeah say she would've been fine friends
I think we need another person to help
us yes we need a party memory we also
need a week off we need a rest
we need a rest I I saw my life flash by
and really want to think about my
priorities and what's really important
in life yeah I agree I need to down this
bottle of wine and I need to sleep with
a woman and I need a daddy to see the
the hills of the lands you live more
glass staff okay let's share a glass of
wine okay clink you guys have a glass of
stolen today is the 8th of January 1512
and it's that mid-afternoon maybe late
afternoon while you're resting and
relaxing that another knock comes at
your door who else could it be but the
Hanna
that ain't an slur no Chancellor
Chancellor therican theremin yes nineth
air Ben shows up at the door looking at
you guys and says ah there's been a
slight problem yes what is it
it appears that in our efforts to find
bring the the brigands to justice that
killed everyone at the mine we
so post a guard outside of it the new
Lord has recently sent men to go check
it out and it appears that some things
have been stolen we were wondering if
you could take the case to find the
missing merchandise
it probably won't quite as good as a
last job but oh oh could we ask what was
missing yes it appears lanterns were
stolen as well as gold and most of the
wine knew okay well we'll do it yeah of
course um unfortunately it might be a
tad hard to locate the the bandits as
bandits come by that part of a that part
of town a lot it's a you know right now
it's an abandoned mine it's a pretty
easy to um well it's no longer abandoned
we've placed a detail outside good I'm
glad and when did you place this detail
see they left to the mine two days ago
so they would have arrived last Sunday
ok the two two two ships four men stayed
behind the remainer
remainders arrived back here in town
last night and it was reported to his
highness afternoon ok so they were you
saw the stolen goods last time on when
you were the last people to see the
stolen goods you and Lord silver us
quell silver horde
ok so when you came back they were all
gone right alright I believe he did
leave the mine before you so you are the
last ones to have seen them mm-hmm right
ok we will we will see to this at once
let me ask on what our you know we we do
need to pay the rent
Horace hmm let's see
let me just do some math right here yeah
so we can see as oddly the new Lord is
offering seven thousand copper to see
the job done hmm seven thousand well
just a few brigands it shouldn't be that
hard
I feel you've managed to find kill
silver horn and bring him to justice
through a very clever ruse I did
recommend you said that you are reliable
people you can get this done thank you
very much
another case those I'm not sure how yes
we might be we might have to uh might
have to get to this in a few I see
should I refer him to another agency no
no no no we can take care of it I will
be um I think what exactly are you
looking for for this case are we
supposed to find the thieves recover the
stolen goods
just find out information about what
happened recovering the stolen goods is
the priority I think most of the wine is
probably lost there are many broken
bottles lying around and do you think um
and gold
Ritt real quick what um how much gold
yes lanterns how much what well what is
the quantity of everything swollen the
the the strongbox that held the miners
salaries to be paid was stolen it was
400 pieces okay okay and then how many
lanterns and how many wine bottles were
missing sixteen lanterns and I don't
didn't get an exact count of the wine I
don't know what it was before it was
stolen but there are score or so bottles
left and many broken on the floor all
right thank you
okay um
7c I'll take um the 7,000 copper sounds
sounds fan
shall I tell lady pelts that you were on
the case then uh yes for was Lady Pelt
again
she's the inheritor of the mine since
Lord silver horn did not have any direct
descendants and his next in line was his
murderer and he's not married it goes to
a distant cousin a a lady help she does
not live in town she actually lives in
whaler's bay and sent word to things
investigated okay um is this lady pelt
of a first name out of curiosity yes it
does
her name is Katherine pelt okay thank
you so much uh we will get to this right
away excellent thank you smiles shakes
your hand and takes off close the door
um taking another sip of the stolen wine
we miss 400 gold well it's possible that
that 400 gold was stolen before we were
in there
yeah lanterns are pretty hard to uh get
cuz we we looked around pretty
thoroughly to me wheeze nope not nice oh
[ __ ] you're like man we'll just take
some wine of the lanterns and left so
someone must have taken it after yeah
alright guys we're hearing your
innovation it actually be a blessing in
disguise though well yeah I definitely
better the awesomest well because no but
even more so than that if another party
was involved
sibling the gold she's left right yeah
she's gone okay
another party was involved in stealing a
gold it's possible that if we find out
who spilled the gold we can also pin the
stolen lanterns on them as well and then
we can say they sold it yeah that's in
spent spent the money on them
what'd they do with the money after that
isn't irrelevant ask okay okay okay
but we do need to send some kind of
message to lady Sondra telling her
what's going on
um no we don't need to communicate with
her at all thus far we just need to rest
and resume our investigation when we're
more equipped to deal with this job okay
okay caps another party month maybe yes
yeah yes okay let's drink our sorrows
away that was a rough night huh thanks
for saving us snippets in there I wanna
own an offer nevets a glass of wine um I
actually have a splitting headache right
now from the topple that I took off that
tower I think I'd prefer to just rest
for a few days
thank you though okay I think we should
all rest you guys can take a long rest a
one-week long rest and maybe in that one
week some of the downtime activities you
can do would be finding another like
some more muscle someone to sit in the
front line and fight off things like
more than ten strings yeah yeah the one
with some hip points and some a/c yeah
that'd be nice yeah I guess we'll find
out next week mm-hmm all right and your
strength will return to you at a point
of one per day sounds good
all right yeah all right
that's it for this week's of Dyson Men
thank you Lew's good job everybody
yeah okay we're not gonna forget
shoutouts I'm destiny you know where to
find me guys youtube.com slash destiny
to Ashanti be such destiny
this weight that is quota hey everybody
I'm Kobe you can find me on TV / coypu
twitter.com slash Koivu youtube.com
slash go be zero and you can find two
people down below
OAP to find everything and i'm i'm katie
reno twitter IG v /k torino and katerina
TV on instagram and twitter
yay cool thanks we'll be back next week
same time right
mmm yeah okay I'll see y'all next week
[Music]
