so destiny I have responded to why mean
one or two videos so the time of this
video is destiny is done debating vegans
and then in parentheses it's because he
keeps losing I guess nice stuff he said
about the unizin
he's a twitch streamer he also does some
like debating quote-unquote where he
talks to you know people on the Internet
I think he talks to a lot of all writers
and apparently does a pretty good job
with that whole thing I don't know I
haven't I haven't watched any of those
but he also debates quote-unquote vegans
but doesn't do a very good job which
might be why he has decided to no longer
debate vegans many of you know that the
real reason why I don't debate vegans
anymore is because all of the arguments
are more or less hashed out and because
vegan philosophical arguments more or
less boiled down to these like it's
incredibly niche like meta ethical
levels that I don't think can be like
properly explored but we'll pretend it's
because I keep losing Sharon thanks Dom
screen I'm sympathetic to non vegans I
know that it is not easy to go vegan we
are surrounded by convenience you know
convenient animal products and
advertising obviously making these
products look super super delicious and
to a lot of people they are super super
delicious and often there aren't that
many plant-based options or if they are
they're quite expensive of course you
can live on rice and beans and spend
very little but I don't think many
people want to do that what most vegans
don't want to do that I don't do that
things are much better than they used to
be but there are still many places where
it's it's difficult to find a nutritious
and filling vegan meal and sometimes
it's just about taste like I said and
that's you know that can be challenging
for people if you really really like
meat or whatever XD nine months can't be
aborted now long nice okay cool well
seems like she already almost fully
agrees with my argument that's good all
right
are you doing me if you don't like like
means you know if you don't like these
are gonna have a pretty hard time
staying vegan and be healthy on a vegan
diet unless you really like mommies like
I do and can afford to purchase them and
eat them a lot so again I'm sympathetic
however there is a big difference
between being a non vegan and
recognizing that you know what you're
doing is is harmful does have harmful
consequences that were flawed people
were flawed human beings who are you
know working toward doing better right
and doing what destiny does which is
rationalizing and defending his choices
by denying that they cause any harm
Destiny's argument basically that I
don't think I have ever in my life
denied that eating meat causes a sort of
harm to the environment I don't think
I've ever denied that ever so we've
already got like a pretty huge [ __ ]
strike one pretty [ __ ] dumb point but
that's okay we're only 2 and 1/2 minutes
and maybe it gets better
Destiny's argument basically is that
instead of going vegan or you know
essentially that it doesn't matter so
much that he's a vegan what's important
is voting voting to end you know
agriculture yeah but like I don't know
if like I think that like I fled from
enough you can argument stuff like if
you wanna go vegan you've seen the
argument ideas for it I think I've
actually made a local audience go vegan
but I personally like food and all
there's like a really good car my life
and like all those qualities from I have
a caper go frolic is forever like it's a
big sacrifice tree person ever man first
cutter detail is that he wants to
enforce this on everyone else via the
government something that he's not
willing to do himself and second yes
that was the dumbest point I've
literally ever heard of my entire
[ __ ] life kind of funny that he wants
to enforce it on other people that he's
not willing to himself I'll do it myself
I just want everybody else before us to
do it too like let's say friends I think
cars are harming the environment I'm not
gonna be riding around in a bike if it
were when everyone else is still driving
a [ __ ] car that's just me I mean if
you can find like a really good way to
rope me into making huge personal
sacrifices then in the end of the day
don't make [ __ ] all difference when no
one else has to I mean go for good luck
but like [ __ ] it's actually realistic
there are no valid measures to end
animal agriculture there are a few in
various states to improve animal welfare
in tiny tiny tiny ways and those are
important but the real power that we
have right now is via our dollar kiss by
purchasing plant-based options and not
purchasing and all based options it's
not ideal it is far from ideal but it's
the best that we have right now and
while in some countries there may be
significant measures that citizens can
vote for like taxing meat based on
emissions we're nowhere near that in the
US and destiny
in the u.s. in the u.s. there is little
difference in terms of support for farm
subsidies between the two parties many
Democrats are all about subsidies to
farmers Bernie Sanders for instance is
mr. dairy industry cool
the only real distinction is that some
Democrats like support smaller farm
which ironically can actually be worse
for the environment and there's no
evidence that these farms result in
better welfare so you're voting in the
u.s. not only does your vote probably
either not count or barely count do two
districting and the Electoral College
but even if you are in a location where
your vote does count your choices are
between two pro animal agriculture
parties damn sounds like nothing's gonna
get done in regards to in logger culture
thank you for telling me why I shouldn't
waste my [ __ ] time being vegan thank
you God
I love destiny I mean that you shouldn't
vote there are other policies that
Republicans support that are literal
crimes against humanity I have no doubt
that this period is going to be recorded
as one of the most shameful in American
history but don't fool yourself into
thinking that you are voting vegan you
know by voting for Democrats in any
substantive way again the only roulade
to go vegan today is with your dollar
but let's imagine that this weren't true
let's imagine that there wasn't actually
better to end animal agriculture and it
actually had a chance of passing maybe
even that destiny's vote could be the
one to swing it what he vote for it it's
easy to say that you vote vegan when
there's no chance of that happening if
it were actually on the ballot if it
were actually possible that destiny
would not be able to eat meat again you
know tomorrow what he actually went for
that I have a really hard time believing
that I'm a stupid [ __ ] argument why
would you condescending a laugh the
entire time we're trying to guess what
exists inside my head this isn't even a
real argument oh I don't think you guys
should vote for given the opportunity to
okay dog loves me so much that says that
they would suffer without meat you
literally already conceded in the
beginning of the video that you suffer
some sort of harm without me that a
plant-based alternative some taste is
good that things could be more expensive
wait you literally already conceded that
the beginning of the video suffered
quite a bit so I give up it would
actually vote for that it works reliable
voting against animal agriculture I
don't think we'd need them to be vegan
but I do think that we need them to be
reduced aryan right we need them to be
people who can imagine themselves going
vegan someday right imagine themselves
eating less and less animal products
that's not destiny giveaway I literally
drew soil I literally replace all my
breakfast with Soylent I don't like I
very rarely don't even eat a normal
breakfast him/her well I'm sure that's
not me when I'm literally doing that bus
and less animal products that's not
destiny in the way he puts it I go she
laughs and she has no [ __ ] idea like
what
she's even talking about but okay part
of his wife he will suffer without
eating animal products what you already
admitted at the beginning of the video
should we believe him when he says that
he will vote him he may believe that he
may believe that he'll vote that way
custome is about as meaningful as people
answering the trolley problem by saying
that they sacrifice themselves by
jumping in front of the Train
why is sacrificing yourself like on the
same level she's not eating animal
products you can do it without dying out
in silly and it's a distraction from the
issue so like I said that the main power
that we have today is okay it's it okay
by voting with our dollar and that's
Dunedin Isis like my overall impact on
like animal agriculture is gonna be like
really really really small if I
personally just become a vegan it's a
million people eat one fewer animal each
then that's a million lives saved and
each person shares one millionth of the
credit of that impact right so each
person on average saves one animal we
don't seem to have trouble understanding
shared culpability when it comes to
something like a stoning right where a
lot of people are murdering somebody
right no one is innocent each person is
responsible no one person is responsible
so why do we have such a hard time when
it comes to what we buy and the
consequences of what we buy the caller
who doesn t is talking to you in the
video makes the analogy to destinies
opposition to transphobic jokes you
could say that one person not making
transphobic jokes or slurs or whatever
makes no difference right to the overall
culture
Oh God okay so I can I don't if this is
gonna be like this whole argument could
be shut down really easily I'm gonna try
to be more charitable to her position
even though she's done absolutely
nothing to deserve any charity her whole
argument here is literally begging the
question of thinking animal lives are
worthy of moral consideration I don't
give a [ __ ] of an animal dies tonight I
don't care if I share one one-millionth
of the death of an animal I'm never
giving a [ __ ] I don't care at all now we
could say maybe one one-millionth in
terms of like increasing pollution or
something that I do care about so we'll
mentally reframe her argument that way
because what she's saying right now is
really [ __ ] stupid but we'll mentally
reframe it that way since her current
argument absolutely [ __ ] you fails so
yeah so why stop Destiny's response is
that a transphobic comment directly
hurts somebody whereas by need does not
by doing that I think I can cause like a
measurable harm like right there that I
like the wreck the car about like a bad
thing right that we got directly
engaging and the drive harm of those
people or leading likely directly to it
so the first problem is that it does
make a difference but it's one of
probability if you buy one
package of bacon that doesn't mean that
the grocery store that you bought it
from like automatically purchases one
more package of bacon and that like you
know one more Pig is killed instead
there's a tipping point if you buy a
package of bacon there is a certain
probability that the you know manager of
the butcher part of the meat person
whatever the hell you call people
there's this our probability that he or
she will say hey we keep selling out of
bacon early maybe we should go ahead and
order an extra case and if you don't buy
that bacon there is a certain
probability that the manager will say
something like hey we're throwing out a
lot of bacon people aren't buying as
like bacon anymore maybe we should order
one fewer case it's a question of profit
and loss and profit margins and grocery
stores are razor them most cursory
stores aren't run by infallible computer
programs that keep track of all that so
there's also a probability of the
manager noticing that they're selling
out versus throwing out more than is
economical but that ultimately fits into
the probability - what we're talking
about is hundreds of people going vegan
and ultimately one person being
responsible for one fewer case of bacon
being order with every consumer action
we're talking about a small chance of
making a much larger difference the same
is true of the stony right there is a
point in the stoning where one more Rock
made the difference between the person
dying or not dying if you're throwing
rocks early on you cause some bruising
if you're throwing rocks later on the
person is already gonna die from kidney
failure or whatever if you've to be
accumulated injury there was one single
Rock that cross that threshold from
something the person could have live
from to something the person he's gonna
die from in either case we're talking
about a small chance of making a big
difference the problem though is like
there's an uneven distribution of like
risk versus reward right like I could
stop eating meat for the rest of my life
which would suck I mean I won't use the
word harm I guess because that literally
triggers vegans although philosophically
we say that's a type of harm and I'd say
that would suck it's like a measurable
decrease of the enjoyment of my life
which I could do I could still do it for
to contribute to the one one thousandth
or one one-millionth of a chance that
maybe somebody doesn't order like I
don't care like that's dumb as [ __ ] no
what the [ __ ] that's not worth it at all
I wouldn't I would never do that I feel
like there's a difference between like
these like when you talk about like the
transphobic things here's like two
differences it's really hard to compare
pollution to like general like
responsibility things let's say that I
have like a neighborhood that I walk in
if I'm walking around in a neighborhood
and I see that there's trash laying
there I'll always pick it up because it
triggers a [ __ ] out of me to see people
like just throwing [ __ ] on on the ground
it really triggers me but like if I have
like a small section at a small area and
I see garbage there I can get rid of
that garbage and make my small section
like better because I have like direct
roll over this like thing much the same
way that if I make like a transphobic
comment to a person there it's like this
area where I can have like a binary like
good or bad like yes or no impact on a
person's life like right then and there
but when everything becomes generalized
becomes much harder to feel like I
should make like big sacrifices or go
out of my way to accomplish something so
let's say instead of like let's say that
when I go to pick up trash let's say the
trash is somehow redistributed to all
parts of like the world we're all parts
of the country right where if you pick
up trash in an area you're not gonna see
any difference at all but everybody else
can still throw trash around everywhere
and now your area is just evenly trash
like it's like well [ __ ] I don't feel
like it's motivated or aura is bought
into like change things out like this
has to be like a structural or a
systemic change like the idea that I'm
gonna go out of my way to do like a
pretty big thing for myself when it has
like a literally an unmeasurable impact
or an immeasurable impact yeah it's the
Treasury of the commons shirt like on
all of societies like we'll [ __ ] like
this is like a big sacrifice for me and
I'm literally making an infinitesimal
change like why the [ __ ] would I do this
Destin I think this is a good analogy
this between seeing your impact and not
seeing it know it's the difference
between having a measurable impact
versus an immeasurable impact right we
can do it with driving cars the problem
is that the problem is that like
pollution which is all I care about is a
generalized thing like pollution tends
to be shared between all of the country
if I Drive my car I'm not just polluting
the air around me everybody's driving
cars all of the air is polluted stuff
like that
right it's the reason why I like I won't
leave my car run in my garage because
that would [ __ ] kill me but I will
drive my car around because pollution is
a shared problem between all people and
me not driving anywhere it's like a
significant reduction of my life but it
doesn't contribute at all to the overall
problem of like pollution right the only
way to like fix this problem is by
making everybody roped into it by either
having like a like a like by having
everybody roped into the problem via
legislation or some other or massive
culture pressure whatever like yeah
so you think it's along the same lines
is when train tried to tell you that you
had to give away all your money in order
to talk about helping those less
fortunate systemically well no but it is
similar in that like like the easiest
argument to go back to is like I
advocate for higher tax rates all the
time because tax rates are really are
because we have [ __ ] up social
progress in United States we have the
money to UM to fund them right but that
doesn't mean that I personally I'm gonna
donate like half my money to the federal
government I'm not gonna write in and
pay extra taxes federal government I
don't think that makes me a hypocrite
because I don't know if me throwing away
like if I give like a hundred grand of
the government that's like a measurable
[ __ ] of my life like it hurts my life
a lot but if I am but but that 100k
isn't gonna do [ __ ] all and the grand
scheme of like the federal budget right
it's not gonna do anything it's like why
would I throw away like that much money
to cause like a reduction of my own
satisfaction to really accomplish pretty
much nothing we don't blame that one
person the person who threw why does
this try to feel like a cop-out well it
feels like a cop-out because you are
probably ascribing like a moral weight
to the life of an animal and I'm not and
it frustrates you that you can't argue
that so when you try to reach into other
things you realize your arguments fall
apart and then it just feels like I'm
copping out but what I'm saying I mean
like makes a reasonable sense I don't
think that you need any type of mental
gymnastics I'm just doing I'm saying
right like I think the three biggest
impacts you can do to not pollute the
environment are not flying in an
airplane not driving a car and not
eating meat those are like the three
biggest things you can do and if you if
a one person did that it would have a
severe impact on that person's life I
would never be able to travel to another
state or another country for any events
that I go to I would never be able to
travel to another state because I can't
drive oh and not having kids as well and
then like my day-to-day life it's gonna
be pretty impacted because I'm not gonna
able to consume any animal products or
wearing animal products right like this
like [ __ ] a lot of [ __ ] in my life up
and the overall impact on the
environment is nothing I'm one out of
330 million people right like
like I don't think there's a virtue
in and of itself of being vegan I don't
think that's a virtuous position but you
but a lot of vegans do so then when the
arguments oh those like you're copping
out cuz you're saying it well not really
I just don't say things are virtue in
being vegan like vegan is a means to
achieve an end and that end is the
reduction of pollution if I go vegan and
I don't really achieve a reduction of
pollution will [ __ ] with the [ __ ] I
don't give a [ __ ] why would I go vegan
then that's stupidest [ __ ] do you not
prescribe moral wait to animal suffering
[ __ ] no do you need moral gymnastics to
deny the moral value of an animal's life
could you could you watch a hon could
you watch a cat be tortured probably not
that firstly whether or not you can or
can't watch something doesn't make it
moral or immoral at all right I think
most a lot of people probably don't even
watch somebody like perform like surgery
on somebody's I mean surgery is immoral
that's not a good litmus test for
determining the morality of something
firstly secondly what do I does answer
that yes and like I would totally shut
down your answer anyway
your whole question is dumb that's we
don't well unless you're like an
intuition or something we don't at our
moral prescriptions by saying what you
can or cannot watch like I can't watch
people drag Forks across certain types
of plates does that make those like it
moral action that's just that's not a
good way to determine a morality right
like that's like you're a medical
position well can you watch it like but
wait to know ahead of time which rock
would ultimately kill the person being
stoned in the same way the vegan who
access the tipping points you do
something massive like causing a company
to shut down a factory farm because
they've been in the red for too long
doesn't get all of the credit for the
millions of life saved because the
actual effects are unknown the credit or
blame is shirk which means when you eat
one fewer animal you save one animal and
the same is true before the exam oh man
how long is she gonna I'm again I'm
trying whenever she says save an animal
I'm replacing that in my head with
reduced pollution because her entire
argument [ __ ] falls apart if she
doesn't maybe she just has no idea what
the [ __ ] I am I don't know why she's
responding to any video I've made but
okay well that that's gonna use to
rationalize the difference what
someone uses a transphobic slur or tells
a transphobic joke harm is not
guaranteed there's a certain probability
that somebody who doesn't agree with
that will hear it and there's even a
certain probability that a trans person
will hear it and be hurt by it but
there's also a probability that a trans
person will hear it and won't be hurt by
it there's also a certain probability
that this will be the tipping point and
lead to someone suicide you don't know
the actual effects not when making a
bigoted joke and not when buying bacon
what you do know the making the transfer
but comments has nothing to do with the
effect on a person and that's to do how
localized the harm is by make a
transphobic comment that is one comment
coming from me going to another person
or going out to a platform that is in my
local area and I cannot have that
completely right like right now if I
wanted to like if I wanted to not be
transphobic at all I don't want to be
transphobic at all in any way size shape
or form then none of the people that I
interact with have to deal with
transphobia for me right but like and I
think that's like a good I think that's
like a measurably good impact in
somebody's life that people could like
surround themselves with non transphobic
people and that's good if I decide not
to pollute
you still have to deal with a whole
bunch of [ __ ] pollution you can't
surround yourself by people that don't
pollute and then not deal with pollution
anymore else you live on like a deserted
island somewhere right like because that
harm is so generalized and not local
there is no way to escape that harm that
everybody else is causing which is why I
think that the only way to effectively
deal with it is on a systemic level well
the statistical effects and in both
cases they are bad because our knowledge
is imperfect all that we can do as
people who want to do go to want to be
ethical is go back home if humans would
get rid of animal agriculture tomorrow
that would do nothing to help climate
change but this crop based agriculture
would still have an impact there is no
green agriculture there can be green
industry transformation no because
animals consume a [ __ ] ton more isn't it
like 30 calories of consumed food or
more maybe it's way more for every one
calorie you get out of like a cow no the
thing is that if we eat plants directly
it's a more it's more efficient in terms
of like energy and everything and in
terms of pollution than feeding a whole
bunch of [ __ ] to a cow and eating the
cow right you'd have to kill all the
cows well they would die because we'd
stop breeding them cows only exists
because we'd make so [ __ ] many of
them ran
we should kill him it's good for the
environment if just anticipating this
person I don't think that there's like
anything a debate as personal
probability of harm and that's just as
true for a bigoted joke or a slur as it
is for buying bacon so this is what I
get super funny destiny basically claims
to have done so much for veganism that
he doesn't have to go vegan because he
has platforms so many vegans bite
debating them on his channel and that so
many of his viewers have gone vegan
because of that I think I'm like I
played from enough eat arguments that
like if you wanna go vegan you've seen
the argument and ideas for it I think
actually made Toby huh you everyone hate
the hypocrite but I think even worse
than that is a hypocrite who claims
other people's virtue their world virtue
as their own this is what destiny is
doing let's say that I convinced Bob to
go weekend well now I can eat meat it
all cancels out because I convinced Bob
to go it's the same I would never make
this argument what the [ __ ] does that
mean
like oh well actually I bully a lot of
trans people in real life because I've
made other people not transphobic on my
stream I would never give an argument
like this is a dumbest [ __ ] I've ever
[ __ ] heard in my entire life wait
what this was in response to the guys
saying well you're a public figure so
shouldn't you do like what you can for
like veganism I think I have I think
I've done what I can I think I applied
from arguments personally I drink sorry
I replaced some of my meals with
sterling I think that I probably consume
less in oil products then most Americans
now as a result of that I still probably
consume way more than like obviously
like vegetarians or whatever sure but um
I'm not trying to clean your I'm not
trying to like claim your like your
virtue because I don't even believe in
virtue as a concept but as for Bob sorry
Bob all of the credit for you being
vegan goes to me I'm faking it because I
convinced you to go absolutely sounds
like virtue signaling like oh look I
made him a vegan so now I get to take
the credit for being vegan I get the
virtue like what the [ __ ] what is this
argument destiny she's acquainting the
guy telling you to promote veganism by
going to vegan with going vegan because
it's virtuous yeah I guess virtue
because he is still responsible for the
death of every single animal that I eat
because I only justified not going vegan
because he might begin now there were
cases where this could actually work you
know let's say that Bob does not care
about animals does not care about the
environment does not hear about human
beings he would never go vegan in a
million years but I am like hey I will
pay you $1,000 a month to go vegan
that's legit Bob didn't go vegan for any
ethical reason he is only vegan because
I am paying him he gets no credit for
that he knows he gets no credit for that
I'm not stealing his virtue because he
has none the problem is that in
Destiny's case this is some weird aunt
illogical [ __ ] that I don't [ __ ] with I
don't understand this getting credit for
being virtuous I don't I don't care
about any of this or no what the [ __ ] -
sensitive anything the second example
it's the first one he's not paying
Psychopaths to go vegan
he's leaving off the virtue of his
viewers as an excuse not to go vegan you
can't prevents people to be vegan
because it's the right thing to do and
then take all of the credit for their
choice to do so they aren't going vegan
so that you can continue to eat a lot
products and feel good about it they're
going begin to address their own harm
footprints Ron says it's absolutely a
good game educate others and to help
them change their habits and people will
thank you for it and I'm sure that
destiny platforming these medians has
encouraged people who follow him who
watch his stuff - go V in themselves and
that's great but you can't then use
their virtue as justification to do harm
because they did good it's a lot more
complicated than that
and let's be real here if anyone
deserves credit for you know convincing
these years to go vegan it's the people
who are debating against destiny it's
the vegans who are debating against
destiny not destiny for having and
losing these debates he's not losing
these debates on purpose right and he's
not having these debates for free out of
the goodness of his heart he is making
money doing this and being honest about
it he doesn't think he's lost these
debates because if I see would concede
defeat and stop justifying his meat
consumption so that's it really you know
again I am sympathetic but I'm much less
than pathetic when people are making
arguments like this Aquino destiny is
not stupid I think he is because he
doesn't we know that what he's doing is
incredible because I want that right
there's another new interest this is
what you do unless you make that of
ourselves and I guess people are really
really tied to food shame you can't
least try for theory of time I know that
the [ __ ] terrible everything that a
lot of our for a lot of people I'm not
pretend that super detail office do it I
love it but I really I really weird
taste and also I've never been a huge
fan of meat I think it's pretty common
for people to go vegetarian or vegan all
of us will never gain new eaters circum
it comes to like Brent needs a bad but
it's definitely worth the try for you
privileged position to be able to do it
right let me see if your tastebuds can
change enough that you can't eat less
animal products without being sacrificed
particularly for destiny as he says you
know he has all of this influence well
it would be usually influential for him
to kind of practice what he were just
you know it he's I don't know matter but
he doesn't realize that my realtor is a
bit influential if you were supporting
that
less and less and again if voting
matters so much that it's really
important I think that he put himself in
any position psychologically to again
imagine himself not email box right okay
there's like one minute left on okay
okay that was worse than I thought okay
I think she she must have missed like
every single part of the video where I
said I didn't give a [ __ ] about like
saving animal lives I guess she didn't
catch that literally anywhere what okay
I think she values animal lives more
than human lives no I think most vegans
will say that they value like a human
life more than an animal life but you
can still like how much more do you
think it costs if you had the guest a
month to be a vegan versus an onion
somebody linked that [ __ ] but I'm pretty
sure it's only cheaper to be a vegan if
you're like shittiest like rice and
beans like all [ __ ] day yeah if you
assume it's like 100 or 200 bucks more a
month one should be much more virtuous
to be taking that money that you were
spending on vegan food and instead doing
it to save lives
[Music]
okay it's immortal what oh I don't know
if you guys are mixed on that I think
you could use that you save up all the
money of not being vegan for a few years
you can evict the grandmother for three
do you gather speculation that most
vegans were never big meat-eaters for
you know maybe I don't know didn't you'd
agree that reducing suffering and
morality are synonymous know what I
don't believe them at ethics this is
your only argument against a smart
science dude I don't notice I don't know
what debate you're talking about what do
you watch sugar it's [ __ ] horrible we
should probably get rid of it completely
from society
only if we can get some can't ask you a
question to clarify your statement
