but the buns came through do you it the
bunts it is the plants the one and only
how you doing I'm good just chilling I
just probably negative video just not
feeling it nah that's where we record
everything yeah he wasn't feeling it
no no I wasn't feeling oh oh no that's
okay the other guy would never agree
trust me there's no possible way I was
talking about editing a video and I
didn't feel it so I'm just probably a
bit of life information here all this
needless information is totally fine
okay I know I'm actually pitched it to
him yet but I want a picture
no don't he won't hear you can try but
make sure you come a big baby once I
make things happen
oh okay all right um hold on I'm just
case I want to listen to something
together and then you can give me your
opinion about it okay sure can do have
to watch it for the same time yeah we're
gonna do it I'm gonna link it on a
circle it's like two minutes long okay
okay wait what's this website called
like circle tea mugs my circle o my
circle TV this alba tree and oppressive
all right I'm sending you a meme okay
okay I want to give you full context to
everything that's going on right now
okay
you ready okay okay so a long time ago
who from a whole other convoluted
scenario there were chat logs of mine
that ended up getting leaked from a puck
conversation okay in those chat logs I
was talking about how it's crazy some of
these like 15 16 year-old fangirls or
whatever they try to like send you pics
and like get with your like some of
these chicks are like ridiculous so that
was like more or less the conversation
okay that's it happen so yeah sure so in
this conversation that's all I ever say
I never say like I [ __ ] a 15 year old
this chick sent me nudes you know I
tried to get with the fit never said any
[Music]
no yeah so I'm just given this as
provided so like it was literally like
one line from a chat log and the I think
Thorin and like the
he and dude are using it to call me a
pedophile okay now I want to watch this
you have this loaded let's watch this
clip of Milo okay and I want you to tell
me what you think about it are you ready
mm-hmm okay
we're starting in three two one go this
arbitrary and oppressive idea of consent
which totally destroys you know the you
know understanding that many of us have
the complexities and subtleties and
complicated nature of many relationships
you know people are messy and complex
and actually in a homosexual world
particularly some of those relationships
between younger boy is and older men the
sort of coming of age relationships the
relationships in which those older men
have helped those young boys to discover
who they are and give them security and
safety and provide them with love and
and and and a reliable sort of a rock
where they can't sleep some of those
relationships are salvation to me it
sounds like priests molestation to me
I'm grateful for father Michael I
wouldn't give nearly such good head if
it wasn't for him and yet here you are
talking about how look you know some of
these kids that get diddled by these
priests I mean it's a good thing for
them they're you're misunderstanding
what pedophilia means pedophilia is not
a sexual attraction to somebody 13 years
old who is sexually mature pedophilia is
attraction children to children who have
not reached puberty
pedophilia is attraction to people who
don't have functioning sex organs yet
who have not gone through puberty who
are too young to be able to understand
where their body that is not what we're
talking about and you are Steven how old
how old is this um I don't know a couple
of years okay I like what I feel is that
he had to deal with that [ __ ] and he had
to [ __ ] cope with it and now he's
using his [ __ ] experiences and the
weight and manner in which he cope with
it he's projecting and he's saying you
know what this is what I feel pedophilia
is it's not pedophilia I'm not a victim
of pedophilia it's okay I'm totally fine
I'm fine no it's fine I'm so thankful of
her father because he lied me to suck
good head like this is what I'm doing
guys it's okay don't worry about it and
then of course he's completing all these
other issues where
people who feel like they've got touched
and they're like [ __ ] this is pedophilia
because you took advantage of me like
and of course in this situation he's
also been taken advantage of but he's
trying to cope with it and in trying to
cope with it he's [ __ ] being this guy
that's like oh it start that's not
that's not the defined reason of
pedophilia pedophilia is like for kids
or something okay but he's saying all
right which is which is arguable by the
way because of the fact that they like
you can argue that you can argue like
they have sexual feelings like I have
sexual feelings as a 14 year old kid you
know but you understand it like a 13
year old boy having a sex well a 13 year
old boy having a sexual relationship
with someone in their 30s is probably
not good right of course of course not
and that and that has to do with I think
I think well no there's no level of
maturity I don't think we're a 13 year
old cannon or sexual relationship on
equal grounds of the 30-plus year old
right no no of course that's what Milo's
advocating here how can somebody like
Ian defend Milo here as not a no bees no
I don't that's the thing though if you
now if you take this and you you come
you juxtapose it with his PR speech that
he gave he gave a PR speech after right
after he got nailed
yeah exactly Gabriel speech you said
listen like he's like and then he
explained himself he and I won't
remember everything you said in detail
but when I have heard it I was I was
alarmed by the stuff that he was saying
on and on the Joe Rogan podcast cuz he
also repeats this on the tour-roland
podcasts which means that he was pretty
confident about what he had to say which
is really interesting when he was really
confident enough to go ahead and bring
this from one podcast to another podcast
you know and it's just like it for me
like I find that interesting on its own
some you probably felt strongly about it
and he on it and it has a lot to do with
the way in which he wanted to cope with
this and of course like I do and like
everybody else does we all try to
project these like opinions to people
and show them like this work for me this
is how it is for me and it can work for
you too when there's so much more there
between all of us there's all this other
[ __ ] going on okay so like that's why I
get any well you're giving me lots of
reasons to explain why Milo is
advocating for underage boys to have
relationship sexual relationships with
older men no you know I feel like I feel
like you've already
conclusion about him so no because he
literally said younger boys older men
thirteen year old boys and he says
cross-generational relationships are
good in the homosexual community do you
say that a beginning
good let's go up with wonders he didn't
say it in the beginning but he goes on
to say that like a little bit after we
pause it I'm sorry are we um let's go
hold on I gotta go back to the circle
thing one second okay you ready there's
like 30 seconds left here can we can we
be honest about that
wait I'm back fo because he just said it
so I'm back and to be able to is not
what we're talking you are you
advocating for cross-generational
relationships here can we can we be
honest about that I don't mind admitting
that and I think particularly in the gay
world and our outside the Catholic
Church if that's where some of you want
to go with this I think in the gay world
some of the most important enriching and
incredibly you know life-affirming
important shaping relationships very
often between younger boys and older men
can they can be hugely positive
experiences mm-hmm yeah I know I know it
seems I know it seems but once again I
think he's speaking purely from
perspective
he's on perspective and of course that's
what anyone can do okay well do you see
how it might bother me that I get in
well Ian will defend this and say well
this isn't pedophilia but then one line
in a chat log gets me instantly branded
as a pedophile yeah okay okay okay so
destiny I feel like all of this stems
from major personal grudges with
everyone in some form of like community
no no it can you see like how this
button is irritating that they slam the
left so hard when they don't slam their
own sort or isn't it interesting like
how like they're not he's he thinks this
is totally okay but then a chat I like a
little line from a chat log is something
our pedophile it's the same thing as me
in being called a Nazi every time they
get pull up some [ __ ] dumb chat log
from 2002 or he's talking about like
Hitler being his idol which is just so
Eddie dumping okay so firstly Ian
attacked me first tonight which he has
done multiple times in the past because
he was upset when I exposed jontron for
being a pretty racist person so ian has
already been like against me a lot of
people were after that jontron debate
firstly secondly remember what we talked
about before like I feel like just
because the other side does it but I
thought this was supposed to be a
community of people that rose above that
I I didn't know that like well the left
does it or crazy sjw's do it then we
spent all of our time making fun of you
and now we're gonna do it too isn't it a
little bit ridiculous I get it I get I
get because you this I get that you've
established that with me so are you
trying to establish this mentality with
other people and yeah no it was never
personally about you it was I know I
know today exactly so trying to
establish this mentality of the
community yeah like like holding them
did that happens every yeah that it
happens across this entire community you
could be doing it in a much [ __ ]
nicer way bro that's all started off the
conversation you know calling me a
pedophile because people because the
thing is though steven is that you're an
easy guy to [ __ ] hate I'm sorry I
don't want to be this I'm not being a
dick here I'm just saying that you're
easy garden-gate because you come off as
very arrogant you come off as I know
everything and I can I guess okay so
[ __ ] no listen like you guys are
expecting me to act like the Pope like
you're expecting me to act in an
impossibly mature way I mean like do it
after I talked to jontron every single
account both my emails an old one that I
don't even use anymore my PayPal and my
bank we're trying people were trying to
hack my accounts like I was up like that
whole night with my phone [ __ ]
vibrating because of like alerts I had
tens of thousands of mentions from every
single person in this kept espera
tweeting [ __ ] I mean and that
includes the big people like Chris Ray
grand like Thorin
like armored sceptic like Richard Lewis
like all these [ __ ] people tweeting
me and you expect me to like take that
all in a jolly Drive and then when these
random [ __ ] creeps come out of
nowhere and start calling me a pedophile
I'm supposed to engage them and in like
in good conversation like you have any
idea how much you're asking for me
that's really hard to do yeah and and
yeah that's that's that is pretty
intense you described quite a bit there
that is very intense and I do apologize
for being a little bit insensitive I
guess I just come from a very privileged
place well the thing is is that like
yeah I think that you now understand
that there there is an opportunity for
discussion they're not just there to
[ __ ] with people so like the idea is
that like just now you can do it you can
do it sorry but it's hard to get them to
even do it that mouthy Buddha guy for
instance my first interaction with
mouthy Buddha was after I had a
conversation with jontron he made a
little six-minute [ __ ] hit piece
video me that I think he's removed since
then and then when I asked him to talk
about it he ducked out of a convo with
me and he just made like a care a little
five minute character assassination
piece I'm just curious how like cuz you
keep saying I'm really easy to hate
right and I can understand that but like
the reason why I'm easy to hate is
because everybody decided they hated me
after my conversation with jontron where
he said that he wanted at white majority
United States and he said he wanted
Hispanics to integrate into the gene
pool and he said that he thought that
blacks in Africa were like blacks in
America I was the one that came out of
this conversation the bad guy how like
I'm you know I I need to watch that
whole stream I only saw the segments
that were given to me like four five
second clips of Sargon posted with the
communism thing with the Hispanic no no
no the it was the it was like the whole
like riots and Sweden thing oh the
rights of Sweden thing really you were
like no they're not happening
no well that might respond Trent thought
that Europe is literally burning down
and my response was that Europe is not
burning down obviously there are some
problems there but the whole of Europe
the whole of Sweden the whole of the
United Kingdom is not like on fire and
being ravaged by immigration yeah yeah
well he was definitely really
misinformed in that whole [ __ ] debate
sure if you ever have time to watch that
debate and you watch it with like an
open mind
honestly like I mean maybe I come off
like I was a little smug but it's really
hard for a reasonable person to take me
out of there is the bad guy after all
the crazy [ __ ] [ __ ] that John John
says like well then what's this deal
what's this deal that I've been hearing
about you like kind of daxing a chick
what's that about so like everything
you've ever heard about me has been
ripped out of context so hard do you
want to
here the story I guess sir yeah okay so
here's like well this is what happened I
know I'm the only one apparently that
remembers what I'm like so this is kind
of like the concise version okay so I
[ __ ] around with a chick that I
probably shouldn't have I said some mean
things about her she hacked my Twitter
and she posted my dick on Twitter okay
it was stupid of me I admitted I totally
thought it was a dumb thing on my end
and that's what happened she leaked my
Twitter and she leaked some chat logs
these are the chat logs that you see
that everybody posts about right I was
obviously very [ __ ] mad right when it
happened and I wrote some stuff on my
subreddit because she was writing she
was talking [ __ ] on my sub bird or
something and I wrote some [ __ ] like
okay well [ __ ] you like I'm gonna email
your school or whatever and I'm gonna
get you kicked out of school because
you're literally on my Twitter I'm like
posting my dick and whatnot that's all I
ever said I never threatened to Docs
anybody I never posted any of her
personal information
I never posted her address or even
threatened to there was no threat of
daxing anywhere in there and after I'd
cooled off after a day or two I didn't
even like I didn't even say anything
else to her like we pretty much I guess
like you do understand that it by just
saying that though like the same that
publicly and being like I'm gonna
contact your school or something like
that and just like let them know that
gives your audience motivation to find
out where this girl's school is do you
do know that right like by doing that
because this your audience does idolize
you your audience looks up to you I can
see it they're [ __ ] yeah sure sure
and I can kind of I can kind of maybe
get that I mean like if we're being
totally honest maybe that wasn't what I
was thinking at the time though like I
was super raged at the time like if you
had somebody break into your Twitter and
post your [ __ ] dick while you're at
an event I had to drive back from an
event like while it happened like I was
really but this was like literally like
this is [ __ ] that I typed like literally
that night and nothing ever came from it
I never contacted an employer I don't
think any of my fans tried to docks her
I don't I've never heard about this
happen you know and I'm friends with her
now like anytime I fly through SFO we
usually get coffee and chat like we're
cool but like everybody keeps making it
out like I literally destroyed this
girl's life and a lot of people say that
she's underage even though she's like
one year younger than me a lot of people
say that I like raped her and then I was
in an abusive relationship with her even
though we never dated there's like a
million different stories like every
time somebody talks about this I read
like a new fanfic about my life I'm like
if this literally happened in 2012 like
it was like five years ago mmm but um ya
know like that it's like not me I know
like I've never done
anybody or anything in my entire life do
you want to hear another meme you've
probably heard about me that I planned
on murdering somebody yeah well I've
seen that clip I've seen that clip sure
do you know what that was in reference
to no okay so a lot of people when they
when they type about this it's because I
lost a video game to some guy so I
wanted to go and murder him so back in
the early days of the internet streamers
didn't have any protections against
anything so if people wanted to ddos you
you just kind of got [ __ ] so I was at
a point in my life where a kid had
contacted me was taunting me about
ddossing me and then for the next like
three to six months proceeded to like
destroy my stream so I have a family I
have a child I've got a house I have
real bills to pay and my [ __ ] is [ __ ]
I had three separate interviews with the
FBI where they didn't help me ever even
though I had the full information of
this kid because they didn't care
because I was a gamer I contacted the
kid to get him to stop I contacted his
father and I traded emails with his
father where his father pretty much said
his son was too smart to do that and
that I should make friends with him so I
went through I exhausted all of my legal
channels and I exhausted all of my
reasonable channels I contacted him I
had Cox out to my house like 50 million
times to see if there's anything they
could do I had like a fancy [ __ ]
router like there was no nothing I could
figure out at the time and you know
being really [ __ ] upset I was like
dude like I have to find this [ __ ]
can to kill me this is [ __ ]
ridiculous it's hard to understand I
guess because I'm a streamer but this
would be the equivalent if you've ever
worked a conventional job if some guy
showed up outside your house every
single day and slashed your tires every
single [ __ ] day and you could never
call the cops on them and you literally
like I'm losing like thousands and
thousands of dollars because I can't
stream I can't pay my bills like so you
know is murder okay obviously not
was I really [ __ ] mad though like
that's this story is a lot different
