oh-ho what does this Afra baat revealing
you did you do wait hold on what okay
hold on getting on interesting wait what
is this [ __ ] comment what
as they released observe some weekend's
blizzard I'm farming the pepper pods
what Roy gonna happen oh oh
overwatch just released cool new game
that's a team based arena shooter
awesome anybody like the old games that
we made before
do you like no you do yeah Warcraft
threes coming up classic I mean we
talked about that like like probably 10
years ago but it's happening now you
guys have phones what's wrong what you
guys don't have a phone
am I getting smaller hey all of our all
of our CEOs are leaving is that there's
nothing wrong with that right but like
more employees like top level employees
are gone
cuz they've released overwatch Blizzard
has just been nice famous no you huh no
mr. mouton you you know you oh my god
guys David Pakman is such a [ __ ]
boomer holy [ __ ] Kyle I love him oh my
god I don't even know if he knows like
what a meme is how old is he I think is
like my age is like 30 or something I
think he just is playing very boomer
more than his son soup buh buh I don't
even think I sound as a Boomer a son is
it boomer no if you meet like real
boomers not like baby boomers but like
boomer boomers I don't know I think it
sounds about which enough now that he's
not like huh
you ready to go to the end wait did they
change the animation why do my hearts
have like evil faces in them now go to
the end what the [ __ ] you talking about
do we have any in China gear yet no I
just you don't need in chanted good
enough okay well then go then and kill
the Ender Dragon well else I might okay
oh that's hardcore gotcha oh hey what's
up
Pack 1 is 35 years old
holy [ __ ] shut the [ __ ] up you dumb it
has a boom [ __ ] why aren't you playing
TV tu 35 rightly why does Dan always
come in here seriously [ __ ] problem
with it
cringe if anything I'm defending [ __ ]
boomers I know you're not doing it
let me ask yourself are you still gonna
be a little [ __ ] when you're 30 years
old do you think you'll slowly turn into
him probably turn into you be a bigger
[ __ ] oh wait why am I not playing T of
T is it yes to you mm-hmm
I don't know I played it today I think
you're gonna play this get a game so
you're gonna grind it it doesn't go no
[ __ ] that
I'm a variety streamer as much as I hate
to admit it
time is the raw show I don't know you
message me any Tony he'll tell you when
it's turns I'm doing well are you yes
our dance afraid what can't say he knows
it is are you aren't them okay is rape
Oh up certain things and I don't want to
push it it's not my [ __ ] place if
you're talking about what I'm talking
he's afraid
wait [ __ ] hold on wait I think I just
miss anything wait what are we talking
about where you meet it or no no wait
what wait what did I miss
wait what are we talking about oh no
wait never mind that
wait what is he talking about wait hold
on I've never seen something mr. written
you know what we're talking about I'd
give them Oh what we were talking about
today yeah wait why though how why
because some men want to want to [ __ ]
watch the [ __ ] world burn that's why
dog come on dog no afraid man damn it's
not about being afraid it's about not
one who's scared just say I'm sorry hold
on is it just say I'm sorry
create [ __ ] in my life where I don't
need to create [ __ ] okay so you're
scared that's not the same thing as
being scared mr. mitten okay yours yes
or no is he scared he's [ __ ]
terrified
scared man Dan what are what is their
goal right now in this [ __ ] game
little the dragon idiot leather and
paper I keep making paper but I'm gonna
get some leather oh I need to get into
the cow so we can have a leather farm
dan I need another cow here bring your
mom over
[Music]
then
[Music]
any people are on this earth or maybe
you want to go get her oh I was letting
it hang with hell [ __ ] [ __ ] joke have
you ever seen some of like the ultra
[ __ ] cringe tweets from Neil deGrasse
Tyson yeah yeah they're like some God
what is he like he's like he's like the
epitome of like the I am very smart but
what has he tweeted like like today I
had to show like he tweets [ __ ] like
today I had to show a piece of paper to
a random guy that we think is
responsible for things because of
imaginary Laurens drone on him at like
he does like [ __ ] like that it's like
okay dude we get it Wow holy [ __ ] what a
brave intelligent take
where the cows wait he tweeted that
today hasn't he tweeted that before
tweeted what where you say oh no that's
like some tree to the mouse finally just
recently he tweeted all this all salt is
actually sea salt so it just takes a
longer time to get here but apparently
somebody that researches it so that's
not true so do you see what he chose no
wait what do you put about cows
yo Dan are you here boom here Dan all
right oh he's getting in trouble I was
yelling at him [ __ ] [ __ ] yelled at
I'm like hey sorry Dan you're afraid of
two people a cow is a biological machine
invented by humans to turn grass and a
steak wait human oh wait hey humans
invented cows is that a thing I didn't
know that holy [ __ ] I'm marveling
genetic engineering wait I lost my come
along duck why did you come along duck
wait word my other lead go pretty sure
he was joking uh I've seen an empty tin
of dumb shits and not ever assume that
he's joking
unfortunately I'm sorry how is that
wrong and she well one I mean humans
didn't invent cows and then two it's
it's just like a really tip-tippy thing
who invented cows then huh god
all mine the TT sir
oh no that's a band boys say goodbye
minimal hmm
no I'm the minecraft section chill
that's hope I make it [ __ ] get him
out of here I'm sorry guys I let you
down
why are you afraid of me No I can
overtake you in chess at any moment
that's a good one
little [ __ ] DARPA thirty plus is zero
game best of one right now if you know
we should play for our lives let's let's
play up plus thirty zero game 3008 for
our lives
let's do right now throw it up do it for
a hundred dollars he won't he won't do
it
you won't throw it out for his life not
for my life Dan my life's worth less
than a hundred come on you damn you
factor in your student debt that
actually might be true you should be
able to work your student debt off like
they throw you in a [ __ ] facility or
some [ __ ] I heard they were gonna do a
thing what you actually can work your
student it off after you graduate from
college you can get like a job in the
job market and then you pay back money
to the people that have your life why
would you say you should be a little
work off your student debt pay him
anything besides of working it off we're
gonna have in a factory okay
they stay provided jobs wait I'm lost
where is her house again I think I'm on
the right way
come everybody play this game without
texture effects now cuz texture packs
are for [ __ ] do I need to be ready to
show up for [ __ ] D&D on whatever day
that's the house explain it destiny
y'all and your Twitter world I've been
bitching about Tyson to grasp like five
years wait what this guy mad for some
we're all met neo deGrasse Tyson fan
spotted
let's get Neil deGrasse Tyson on
startups I agree work for it get on it I
think people like that probably want to
get paid to show up anywhere though no
way really wasn't there like a big thing
when the other grass Tyson wouldn't show
up to like a school because he didn't
get paid like $20,000 or some [ __ ] I
don't remember a long time the Starcraft
community I wrote something where I was
like if you want somebody to go in
you're irrelevant ass-fucking podcast
what can offer money and everybody got
really mad at me they like you never pay
for interviews that's [ __ ] up that's
not integrity anyway all right well am I
going on your [ __ ] [ __ ] air shows and
[ __ ] damn now you have 208 whatever
happened to the people that used to
debate religion all the time but that
just kind of died out the people use the
debate was he couldn't finish in God so
the do people debate water
Dawkins and people oh they're still
there they do it every [ __ ] day and
they're crazy on this stuff podcast you
mentioned in this system and about how
it's true in every I think it's a dark
aspect you think anything can be done
about how the humanizing being forced to
obey these rules says and could you
explain how you cope with it personally
what the [ __ ] wait one of these text
documents has the answer
wait hold on I'll answer your question
which one of these text arguments has
the dimension statement a big new text
document or or or big good one Dan
thanks thank you some little Debbie's
for Dan
I think roles are better than well
double use now to show respect for a
dead person oh wait they're both the
same dude ah you're so dumb sorry [ __ ]
up you [ __ ] off vanilla minecraft resuit
and sleeper nice
where in the [ __ ] is the server done
know you're dead my sheep Theresa where
the [ __ ] what
get in the pit
wait danke done hello I too can read
chat and see chat suggestions of things
that would be funny I know that's where
you get most of your ideas your mics a
little robot I didn't understand how is
it
hello Dan Oh Dan are you back hello
atlas getting in on the memes - it's
fixed it's fixed you're gonna oh good
I'm glad that it's fixed it I was really
worried why are you so mad I'm just
trying to [ __ ] let people you mad in
general okay you're molding wait how I
have all my hair uh what are your can in
a jar if it falls off your head hey more
hair giggling mr. moon your hairline is
worse than mine is why are you bullying
me my healing is beautiful yeah sure but
it's less of a hairline than mine no
your hairline [ __ ] oh it's not and
you're gonna die before me Dan I think
also actually realistically is probably
not exciting
I don't think I think I'll live longer
than you why because I think wealth
probably buys me more years than you
being ten years younger than me No we'll
see you're probably dying here
let's see who's gonna die tomorrow if I
want in a video whoa whoa wait what well
I'm playing a video game you're gonna
kill me kill me while I'm playing rust
in rust yeah that's right you better be
a little [ __ ] say in the video again
mister man you know if I was gonna say
to you I wouldn't say it in the video
again I know no I'm just saying I did
keep scared of three people now Dan I
understand wait first off it was only
one person Oh your wife just get a hurt
- whoa three Dan how many elves can one
man take in a single day
well thanks again girl for the 18 months
buddy
oh I'm full Kim sorry I'm just so
[ __ ] show guys have you been full can
this whole time your mouths are full of
[ __ ] this whole time
oh lot of robots or whatever outside
robots it zombies whatever they're
called what the [ __ ] doesn't matter
you're losing your mind mr. mood Boomer
Steve
you
sir you know you do a job and you expect
payment
did he do a good job Dan one other fool
we can get into that you know what you
did a better job than caked it I'll tell
you that much Wow
better job huh this was [ __ ] furious
with the Cape all we were there I was
not furious furious you're lying
no you were complaining why would you
[ __ ] lie oh it was just you know put
me in an awkward spot and you're so
[ __ ] dumb I just started playing
minecraft again after a few years and
enjoying it feels good min feelsgoodman
is a [ __ ] word
you
that has been trying to solve like
different problems and like it started
off with like a lot of like how do you
process negative comments and that we
talked about that one time before yeah
yeah and your basic answer was like
pretty much every single person that is
posting those comments is like just
[ __ ] yeah totally hopeless like
they're based and and like I I did what
you recommended which is like go through
people's like kind of like go through a
person's Twitter and see what else the
type of stuff they kind of post oh damn
I don't necessarily recommend that I
just said if you do it usually but I
would never recommend that because you
might [ __ ] up and you might see the
person that's criticize you is actually
some really successful person then you
feel okay so what's happening is I'm
doing these I'm doing these like kind of
like big deep dives into like twitch
meta discussions or subjects or things
like that and what happens is
influencers like bigger influencers
particularly will or or just people in
general will and I knew you wouldn't be
able to impact this they'll take one
sentence or two sentences out of context
and then they'll use that to represent
the entire story and this has happened
to me on Reddit and YouTube and all over
the place I don't know what to do about
it
I assume this is the third that's part
of it but but it's it's like that's
that's it's it's like a it's sort of a
it's a trend but that's part of it yeah
um listen man if you don't have haters
you're not doing it right
right what um like what what in
particular I guess is going on because
it really depends on note Devin remember
the quote from my wall all right if you
never wanna be if you never want to be
criticized don't do anything now wow
thanks good one done is that really on
your wall
it used to be anymore why not because he
was trying to getting criticized not
because that and I painted my wall so I
have to remember it my mind so it's not
is so the whole idea of like like haters
is like whatever
in particular the misrepresentation is a
little bit different than hate right
like if somebody's just posting like hey
you're a [ __ ] that I've gotten to the
point where I'm fine with that now the
trouble is like what
and this is why I thought you guys would
have some especially there's no
effective counter to this I'm like I've
literally heard of like stories of like
girls that don't talk to me because they
think I'm like into like kids like I
legitimately heard things like that
before I mean it's like really rough I
don't know how you do like how you
engage in like like a diss
disinformation campaign I'm not you're
creating essentially your brand and
someone is basically at this point
possibly taking away from it that you
know essentially like ruining your
career or something or threatening with
this [ __ ] you know that might be the
time to like you know consider if you're
doing something that's definitively
wrong if it falls under legal guidance
nah I do much yeah well I mean listen if
someone's actually doing a libel or
slander yeah I actually I think he's
yeah I considered that like that's
that's right but I think like if you do
that I think it has another like whole
like PR implication - right well I mean
look there's certainly there's a what
the [ __ ] thing that uh I forget the
name of this thing but it's yeah as you
make a bigger deal out of it than
anything else it's like a mountain out
of a molehill Dan no that's not what it
is
okay it's something [ __ ] else okay
it's some goddamn singer let's imagine
real quick I need you to come down here
come on this price and effect yeah the
Barbra Streisand effect the one stairs
yeah for the one rip I'm gonna stoop
again okay so there's so like you're
saying I mean I see this must happen to
you all the time right like oh like what
say that you take because what you'll do
is you'll do the same thing that I do
but in a different context you do like
like different subjects but you'll take
a subject you'll do a deep dive into it
you'll come to a conclusion and that
conclusion is based off a lot of
previous premise that you establish to
get to that conclusion right and and
what happens to me is like the whole
premises get ignored so and then like
one thing gets misrepresented so this
happened in the one of the thing where
like I did IIIi did like a whole take on
like
twitches inconsistency with bands and
like what's going on there and then like
someone just took from that like one
single clip where I said well maybe a
Linda they just like doesn't does it but
like because like train was saying last
night that like a limit II like is
confident so she think that's why she's
not gonna get banned that's like maybe
she doesn't feel that and then that got
taken out of context like I got a bunch
of emails and [ __ ] so it's like that
people ignore the entire argument and
then they take one thing from it I don't
know what to do or make up like is it
just the answer is just to ignore it
yeah I mean there's not much you can do
you can like make a video and like speak
out against it or something but I mean
otherwise people are always going to try
to misrepresent what you say and then
other people use against jr. have you
done this have you made like a follow up
video if you feel like something is not
being clarified yeah I tried it before
but um this is always this is what I
called earlier I call this the lose lose
lose so basically somebody comes out
with some piece of slanderous
information about you you have three
ways you can engage with it and every
single way is a losing path you have to
pick which one loses the least and the
first way you don't address it at all
when you don't say anything meaning
usually the rumor will Fester and people
will start to believe it's true because
you haven't addressed it so that's the
first way the second way is you come out
and you directly refute it when you
directly refute it you open people more
people up to attack you because they'll
try to take issues with certain parts of
your reputations because you're not
being clear enough you're not releasing
enough information and then other people
you know will just say that you you know
you're just refusing it because you
obviously know it's true or whatever
right and then oftentimes these
statements are not good because you need
to release more information to actually
clarify position or something especially
what I see with personal information and
then yeah the third way you can do it is
you can actually start to release more
information to 100% clear up like a
prior point but then you've got to the
point where you're releasing more
personal information and now people have
more things to attack you with and if
you're wrong on any minor point at all
while you're doing any of this or
there's anything else that can be
twisted it will be and then you'll look
even less credible there's there's like
no good way to deal with people that are
slandering you
it's an incredibly effective way of
discrediting somebody online holy [ __ ]
what if you so one thing I'm considering
is like what if you like respond with
just a incredibly positive take so like
you do something like you respond so
like if I'm getting like a lot of tweets
like from someone like kiemce right and
then I respond with a tweet like hey man
like really appreciate you shouting out
smaller content creators if you want to
get the full information check out
youtube.com slash David Nash so they
literally rage him into ruining you as
well accounting with real counter with
really positive stuff if you have that
kind of demeanor people will have a
harder time attacking you this is a this
is a classic I know this because I used
to try this [ __ ] when I was in [ __ ]
school when I was reading that dumbass
how to win friends and influence people
book here is like a real life tip that
you can that you can give to somebody if
you are nice to somebody it is
impossible for them to be mean to you if
somebody comes after you and says like
man like you [ __ ] that up so hard like
what the [ __ ] were you thinking it's
really hard but if you respond with that
when you're like me and I did really
[ __ ] it out like you so know how to do a
[ __ ] finish if you if you tell the
person something good or if you make
yourself out to be like a good person
like if you ask them for help or
something or you say like hey thanks for
this like you we can clarify this
whatever people will have a really hard
time being mean to you okay go okay
Devin didn't say he was doing that
keemstar is basically like hey Devin
you're full of [ __ ] [ __ ] you're a
[ __ ] I wonder what else you're [ __ ]
stupid about and Devin was saying hey
how about I respond back with hey dude
thanks for shouting out a smaller
content creator that's not like being
nice like hey yeah that thing is like
that sounds a little bit
passive-aggressive but like a comment
like that like hey sure but the comment
but if you say something like hey like I
appreciate you like shining a light on
this issue like if you they might take
is wrong whatever like feel free to stop
by and you guys could talk about this
there you can comment in here like that
type of invitation for discourse makes
it a little bit harder for people to
come at you like eventually you'll start
to look bad if you're hitting on a
person that's like pretty open to
dialogue and isn't being combative back
yeah that is true
but I mean with what definite was saying
that's like sure with a hyper specific
example in the way that he worded it
that was poorly paid because it's not
passive aggressive yeah yeah yeah well
no I because I saw this was on Devin
stream like should I post this or not
type of thought like that's because I
mean I thought this was like a safe
thing you're ready to do no you're right
yes oh my god was trying I was just
considering different options oh Dan
you're totally right yeah I don't know
yeah
if you're like kind of a [ __ ] back I
don't wanna say like a [ __ ] but if
you're like super friendly like oh wow I
didn't look into that yeah we should
talk I didn't know I was wrong
boy I was just doing my analysis sure
that's gonna make it [ __ ] go away
just like ignoring it will make you go
away the same thing but it well ignoring
things don't always make them go away
actually people will hold things against
you forever this is so like this is a
question that I had when a naked ape
released that video about me his destiny
is autism that had like a whole bunch of
like a lot of this stuff was just not
true a lot of it was like barely true or
like stretch to like absurd links and so
I decided not to make a response videos
like ah [ __ ] I don't want to give it
more attention but it still got a lot of
attention people still talk about it I
finally did make a response video where
I like pretty clearly refuted pretty
much every single claim but people still
say like oh well actually your
reputation is barely good enough or that
doesn't even excuse that blah blah blah
is like okay well [ __ ] I don't know the
[ __ ] point of any of the [ __ ] is so
this goes just back to like no good
answer okay I mean I think like there is
no good answer but like the least bad
answer doing like proper responses is
probably good because people will use
your reputations your fans will use that
as their arms like in the battlefield so
for instance I've seen once that video
got released so like as a large content
creator I can usually tell when
somebody's posting [ __ ] about me
somewhere because I'll start to get like
a lot of attacks that I haven't seen
before
like if I started to see like a whole
bunch of people come up and say like oh
yesterday you're so stupid your knees
are [ __ ] and I see like four people use
that innocent like what the [ __ ] I know
what it likes somewhere on 4chan or Cuba
Farms somebody's made a post like making
fun of yous like because why yeah
because it's so weird yeah but like what
happens is is like you'll see these
comments if you actually make like an
official response to something and you
say like well hey you know like this is
this and that's that what will happen is
when people make those attacks against
you in the future your fans will respond
with your responses you kind of like
sent the dialog that other people you
guys that you like hand out arms for
people to fight with basically yeah so
in a particular situation where I have
like a few like select influencers who
are like - like saying something like
this or mr. separate like you think that
there's no response to do because all of
my videos already cover the subject hmm
so so like so like specifically know why
like specifically people are saying like
oh like Devin said that phase
what will get shut down right and what I
said was face could get shut down
if these following check boxes are
checked right and so like it doesn't
really need to be I don't know I think
you made stronger statements in it I
recall you did but I didn't have the
full information either so like really
we're talking about a period of time
that's like three weeks in five videos
uh-huh
so like by the fifth video when I'm
aware of like likely tranqs connections
to the labor commission and like what's
actually happening then I can go back on
a couple of things and be like okay like
it's now more likely that these things
will happen right but yeah so so like
regardless or I can just say like out
right like if phase doesn't end up
getting shutting down I can own that too
I don't know I don't really care I'm not
like I'm not like particularly bothered
by being wrong about this as well if you
want to take it that way either so like
like the question is like I don't know
what the video would look like right
because like it's like there's no
response like the information is
presented it's it goes one way or the
other but it would come help me I need
help
holy [ __ ] get down here kill these
[ __ ] dudes holy yeah hey we all die
over concern over I got to put my shield
on
I'm walling that [ __ ] off okay we're
gonna shatter a bank oh you're gonna die
going over there good luck that's all
you 100% sell the movie I can't I'm
[ __ ] the only one okay
now we're on land food okay I'm going
back okay I'm sorry kick on down well is
it that's where we go from there I
haven't seen all of your stuff but
you're doing primarily like opinion
pieces right um what I'm trying to do I
don't know how well I'm succeeding is
I'm trying to get I'm trying to take
issues and gaming is in the industry and
I'm trying to provide an objective view
of like what's happening around those
issues and clarifying them and then
coming to a conclusion based on that I
don't know like I have varying degrees
of success sometimes I do it well
sometimes I don't the phase example was
one where like I could have done a lot
better
for example basically um you have to
like when you go to [ __ ] talk somebody
in a game before the games even started
the more you should talk them in the
beginning without even playing the more
at
is when you win and the worst it is when
you lose when you're giving opinion
takes about news it's the exact same
thing so like if you give a take like
phase is gonna shut down 100 percent bla
bla bla that's an epic take it's gonna
get a lot of [ __ ] attention and if
you end up being right it's really good
but then if you're wrong there's a lot
of blowback I don't think there's a way
to like avoid that kind of thing so I
mean like the way that you can kind of
approach doing opinion related stuff is
you can either like try to temper the
takes quite a bit which makes them a
little bit less impactful because you
always have wiggle room or you can just
give the nuclear takes and then accept
that when you're right you're gonna be
really right and when you're wrong
you're gonna be really wrong basically
is yeah that makes tons of sense okay
what what um what's like what is your
general strategy around that like what
do you do I don't give a [ __ ] so that's
like my I don't know nice she's never
wrong right I'm never wrong just just
don't be wrong in the first place just
be make sure that you're cognizant at
all times of like how you're acting and
and the way that you're doing things I
normally like being really
confrontational I'm wrong about a lot of
[ __ ] but like I understand that if
you're wrong about something if you can
just [ __ ] weather the storm for a few
days or a week or two it'll blow over it
always does
even when it seems impossible that's
portal or gate stuff right it blew over
after it took like a month but it did
but like yeah as long as I dig pics got
[ __ ] leaked I [ __ ] stream the next
day didn't talk about it a week later
[ __ ] blow over it like just [ __ ]
just keep moving forward people forget
[ __ ] it can be really hard it feels like
in the moment like it feels like the
world is ending and everything is [ __ ]
but if you give things like a couple
weeks like the Internet's like memory is
very [ __ ] short and people [ __ ] yeah
like really quick how much are you
getting from as a result of keemstar
tweets right now um like in what Waddy
defined like like how like are you
getting emails are you just getting like
random just like just like so it's like
clown faces and comments and [ __ ] yeah
and like people don't usually people
usually don't do the work to like these
guys are all like 12 year olds so like I
assume so like they don't do the work to
like find my email or like my business
contact and [ __ ] they just like biggest
DM me clown faces or [ __ ] comments
and [ __ ] and then come into my twitch
chat that's all it's a it's it's it's a
lot though it's like more than I expect
do you think that keemstar is doing a
larger piece on your um
now oh yeah normally I would say no but
the like who else is he brought up like
five times in a row in the last like
you're saying like he said you King star
not only did that when he finds the duty
I'll tweet about him a few times and
they tweet some other dumb irrelevant
[ __ ] about a few times and then
eventually he moves on to the next [ __ ]
isn't that like his job yeah literally
yeah we really drama alert right
it's literally - yeah that's why I
thought that the best result might not
might be to not engage because like it's
just it just feels there's there's no
winning against someone that's
completely unreasonable right like any
attempt to engage with a person like
that will just not result like I can
present fact like objective logic it
won't matter right like it's it's not
the content right
well you're not you're trying to
convince everybody else not him right I
guess yeah but like I feel like I've
already done that a lot through like
videos but those people that are not
those people are not gonna be convinced
right though they won't watch the videos
in the first place they're not gonna
take the time but no I don't I don't
think so and like if there if there was
like a hit piece what would it be about
like I don't really have a lot of dirt
in the industry I've had a pretty like
solid career there's not really any
bodies buried with me I guess you could
miss but you could misrepresent it
somehow right like that that could
happen but I don't know what you'd go
after I mean like I guess they'd find
something like they found stuff on
Stephen so well I have a lot of
legitimate dumb stuff done it's a lot
different likely is it like you you you
think you have like bodies buried in
[ __ ] like yeah of course I've done a lot
of crazy should I call the [ __ ]
Korean do to the G word nope I start
grab days what you mean I've got a ton
of [ __ ] okay fine yeah maybe it's de lot
of personal mistakes and like yeah of
course I've been involved a lot of [ __ ]
I feel like if you yeah I guess I feel
if you want to go after like a like you
look at my business history you look at
my sale of like M&A I guess or like I
don't even know where would you go like
like maybe like you'd find that old
video of me dancing on YouTube and I
don't know like what do you what yeah
for
somebody like you I don't think you've
been involved in a lot of dumb [ __ ] that
people could like blast you over
everyone yeah yeah can we see a
corporate show that's a compliment
totally fine with that
careful depends on which community oh
it's true I'm in the yeah weeping how I
should yeah I think many people need to
sleep I think it's like 70% so I think I
need to know Oh Maddie really you've won
bin well you better make a second one
and you better not connect them why not
because I said so
can we sleep in the same room though ban
[ __ ]
it's love you idiot
so your old
so your basic strategy with this is like
if you feel like the issue has to be
represented more like you'll make maybe
a response if it gets big enough if not
then why if you think it's cool and like
you've explained it pretty well don't
give a [ __ ] and just wait for everything
blow over basically yeah and as long as
you like being nice and cordial on the
other end like I think eventually like
the the winds will change it seems like
it's not but like so like for instance
like I very specifically I think I even
said this on screaming few times like I
very specifically handled myself like in
a particular way after all of the after
all the stuff with his son like I very
specifically didn't attack him I very
specifically didn't make any personal
like mean comments about him running
like that and for the most part I've
waited like [ __ ] talking his takes and
anything related to that after
everything and I did that like with a
very intentional take in mind right and
I saw like if you read the comments like
over and over and over again like
eventually I think I even made the
comment I think in my chat that like it
feels like you're playing a game of
League and the enemy team is like 15 and
2 but then the Yasuo like starts tilting
and runs it down mid and as long as you
don't [ __ ] the game up like you're
guaranteed to win like that's more or
less kind of like what started to happen
was like Hasan was getting progressively
more angry and I was just kinda like
chin like hey well you know I'm not have
I'm not mad or whatever like
everything's Cho and then like as the
other person digs himself in deeper and
deeper like as long as you can kind of
like see the winds changing like you're
here so like as long as you're kind of
like chill with the game star stuff and
like doing what you say like twitting
out like hey like if you just good my
takes whatever like feel free to stop by
you guys gonna ask questions or whatever
I can clarify what I said I mean you can
chill like it seems he keeps going in on
you you typically it's if one person is
being nice on a side of things and then
another person is being really mean you
have to be very sociopathic to think
that like the guy being me and is on the
right it's just a really hard thing yep
that makes perfect sense basically you
just keep and that was your same
strategy with like the hustle on
situation you're saying it's like
basically just like wanted to respond
objectively as possible so that you
didn't like eventually it would you know
not even objectively but just like well
without ad hominem yeah exactly
well it wasn't just avoid yeah just
avoid looking mean or whatever here yeah
yeah that makes total sense okay
well fast Devin do you think you were
right and that he was wrong in this case
what
unfounded mmm no I think I think I took
a pretty serious position on it with not
full information and I had to already
walk that back like three videos later
because I didn't have everything so I
think it's not what changed what changed
was that the of what I think changed is
that I think that the CEO of phase has
very deep connections to I didn't
realize I didn't know there was a CEO of
phase I thought that banks was like and
like a few of the other people that have
no business sense are the people that
are running it but it's actually run by
a pretty hard-hitting an individual who
has a lot of connections within law he
was a previous DA he also has and I feel
like he has connections to the labor
commission or enough so that like he's
not like labor Commission's if they look
into this they're gonna get fines at
worst and maybe nothing happens right
what I think changed is that I put a lot
of stock on the Bryan Friedman's
narrative that he was gonna go in on the
labor commission and raise the issues
that have been long-standing the esports
like our esports people employers or
contractors these are things that we've
been worried about for years and I
thought those were gonna come to Wyatt
when I and then like I kind of realized
over the period of time that there was
unfolding that that one phase would
probably have the connections to deal
with that and number two Brian Friedman
isn't really doing that tifa's Larry
he's probably just trying to get to you
out of a contract so like so like what
his narrative was in the beginning to
like champion eSports players and get
this brought up to like a California
Court to decide if he supports players
could be locked into these exclusive
contracts that doesn't seem to actually
be his narrative at this point are you
talking about teeth whose only right
yeah that the whole idea was just using
it as leverage in order to try to I
don't want to deal with a [ __ ] [ __ ] it
yep exactly
yeah so that so they gets him out of the
contract and that was I think my mistake
was that I I operated believing that
teeth whose lawyer had the agenda that
he had originally stated and didn't and
that didn't really come to execution or
hasn't so far
the other thing too is that like these
things take a really long time right so
it might be months or months or not
years before we have any kind of like
conclusion on this when the labor
commission actually takes the time to
look into the issue
really think the labor commission is
gonna take a look into it I think when
you look at issues like underage
underage employment she's like oh the
underage in planet-like this was a
certain extent but like that one says
the kids parents that was a the hi sky
or whatever it dudes
yeah it's like bullshitting right well
they're they're definitely making a
mistake too
right like but but like having like the
the issues of having kids in a house who
are sort of employees and sort of not
who are underage
who are in and where there's drinking
going on where there's and then like all
that stuff kind of like put together it
feels like to me that that's something
to the labor commission would turn their
head out and that combined with the the
really prevalent issue which is like re
sports people talent like all that kind
of coming together feels like they could
they could turn their head but I always
overestimate or underestimate how like
absolutely lazy the government is and
like how long it takes them to pay
attention to anything
sure but regardless in this case
couldn't you just say okay I was wrong
sorry I'm like wouldn't that solution
why I'm wrong so far I'm not yeah you
also have to be careful in saying that
you're wrong because people aren't going
to levy this alike keemstar isn't going
to love you to claim at you that you
were incorrect about some piece of
information he's going to levy the claim
at you that you hate phase and you were
trying to destroy them you can't admit
that you're wrong when that's what
somebody's attacking you with because if
you admit that you're wrong then they
think you're admitting guilt to all of
that you have to be careful about that
yeah that's fair yeah I think I still
think it's really possible that the
labor commission comes in and does
something I just don't know the extent
to which that would actually affect
phase in the long term like the worst of
it that I said was that they could stop
doing business in California but I
thought that that was reaching even when
I said it and I mentioned that again
this is like the full context of the
videos that I posted right did anything
ever happen with streaming in Germany
do you remember here mothership what I
thought a while ago [ __ ] was like a year
ago I thought that somebody got in
trouble with like the government where
the
they came in and randomly like oh wait
if you want to stream you need a light
of like a radio license to do it or
something boy shut and then like
everybody was worried that in Germany it
was going to change like the entire
streaming everything because no
streamers are going to get like radio
license or something oh boy my channel
is here German did that go through do
you actually need like a license in
Germany to streamed you just hope to not
get caught or yes you do
wait what so what all it goes into
getting a radio license in Germany but
it's very rarely enforced yeah probably
oh it's just not enforced okay yeah
that's true so you can you get banned
off for twitch give me this illegal in
the law so the big thing that I'm kind
of like waiting for with streamers is
this whole idea of like okay so this is
one thing destiny like that I think
about a lot is like and it's the same
with the eSports problem can twitch
really hold people to exclusivity on
their platform I don't know yeah I don't
know that sounds like [ __ ] to me I
really don't understand how like how
they can do it I really I don't
understand how I can get banned from a
platform and I can't seek employment
elsewhere and I'm just a contractor that
feels so [ __ ] wrong thing I don't
understand
yeah and that's the same problem that
eSports is going through where it's like
okay you can't play for another team
even though you're not classified as an
athlete and that's what I actually
thought that phase was gonna go up for I
thought they're gonna become the poster
child that because that's what Brian
Friedman actually said he's going after
as well like [ __ ] how do they work it
out like in the NFL and she'll like are
you an employee of the Green Bay Packers
they're really horribly different
classification they're an athlete the
government actually has a classification
for athletes but oh yeah they really not
no definitely not
don't you get don't you normally get um
what are the athlete visas we can get a
p1a for for them huh but I think that's
like a
talent visa I got a ton of hits like
extraordinary talent or some [ __ ] it's
it's not a the athlete visa is an o1 a I
believe or something like that I'm
probably wrong on this site it's been a
while since I did visa applications but
I I do specifically remember like when
we were when we were bringing in we had
to bring Jake Jake Pajero xiith II into
the into the country from the
Philippines we did a p1 a and that was
that was fine gotcha yeah so like
they're not because they're not
classified as athletes they don't get
whatever like protections but they're
not really classified as anything so if
anything that can be classified as like
employee employees or contractors and
that's where this issue gets kind of
weird mm-hmm wait I'm curious Stephen
you don't think that it's okay that
twitch if they were to ban you for seven
days that they can tell you in the
meantime you clintus dream elsewhere not
if I'm not an employee of theirs this
[ __ ] yeah well no yeah you can but then
you just can't come back so they're not
they're not they're saying hey if you
want to come back then you can't yeah
but if you're making my contract work
with you conditional on me doing it
exclusively it feels like I'm not a
contractor I've flown it feels like I'm
an employee of your company especially
when you and I feel like there's a lot
of other argument you can make there too
like if you start to make it so that um
that you're essentially paying you which
Prime that's but you're not but they're
not they're cut they're contracting me
for work that I'm giving them right I'm
not like an employee
what do you mean like it's like you're
using their platform I mean I I don't
feel it yeah but like it I'm not but if
I was just using their platform that's
one thing but not only did that like
exclusively hold me to their platform in
order to utilize it they also like I can
get in trouble on their platform for
things that I even do off platform that
just seems really weird I just I don't
know how else like if I was like a
construction worker and I did roofing
and then all of a sudden I get on
Twitter and I say some dumb [ __ ] about
like another roofing company and I'm
just a contractor like could that could
that roofing when you come back if I was
just a country but like hey we're gonna
dock your pay or some [ __ ] I don't it
just seems like really weird yeah they
can fire you of course
well they could not work with you
anymore but like the idea of being held
in an exclusive arrangement that I sign
on to and then my off platform content
is policed by date I don't know just
don't stream policy would that change
your mind no I just I feel like the
exclusivity thing plays it just doesn't
feel my relationship to twitch feels
like they're an employer of mine it
doesn't feel like I'm a contractor I
know like what would what more would
they have to do for me to be an employee
and not a country like what other
differences could even possibly do at
this point aside from providing specific
training howto right there or something
yeah I mean it's the same way let me ask
you this if you sold a lot on eBay what
you feel like eBay was your employer if
I sold my one if you were a full-time
seller of [ __ ] on eBay and say that eBay
was we don't know if I would I would get
a you know on eBay but you can't sell on
Amazon and you can't so really yeah yeah
of course because you get the
preferential rates I can tell you what
the Amazon they do the same thing I
don't get a hold on I kick there's
people that get different rates than
other people on the condition that you
do not work with other people yes this
absolutely exists 100% it exists right
now what did the Amazon with eBay yeah
that seems really weird to me I don't
know I don't like it I I guess like the
argument that I would say I guess in the
context of twitch is like okay twitch is
a california-based company right in
California it's specific that you you
cannot have any kind of exclusive
agreement with any company where you
can't wear that will bar you from
working somewhere else well I don't
think that's true
so the difference so for also for the
record this is like a very gray area
because this is like one of the most
abuse things of all time like people
like you can go and find people talking
about how like a lot of companies have
come under re-evaluation because of like
abusing this contractor thing yeah so
for in order to decide whether another
employee is a contractor or an employee
I think there's like a 20 question
litmus test that like the IRS whatever
you can ask you and it's not it's it's
kind of like arguing fair use for like
copyright it's not like an ironclad like
this is guaranteed and this isn't but
they're like a lot of indicators that
could be like oh yeah well this is
probably you know we actually we can run
through those we're a quick [ __ ] I'm
gonna be in a row soon but we can like
look at him real quick actually someone
wants to google it okay sure I mean
because that's only gonna be specific
for federal taxes like California might
have different okay so here is the 20
points that have been estate
okay must be IRS yeah so must the
individual take instruction from your
management staff regarding when where
and how work is to be done
mmm probably not on this one you can
stream wherever you want typically and
you can stream in whatever manner you
want typically as long as you abide by
the tos so like that's okay
sorry okay does the individual receive
training FEMA company which doesn't
provide any direct training is the
success or continuation of your business
somewhat dependent on the type of
service provided by the individual
that's pretty much a yes right which
does rely on that so that's like one
point for the 1099 two points for the
w-2 I think one is the success of you
the contractor dependent on the well I
mean couldn't you say you could go to
YouTube it's a success is the success or
continuation of your business so like
twitch is you ended on the type of
service provided by the talent the
individual oh the other way
yeah sure for sure here I can link you
this to second line no Musti individual
personally perform the contracted
services I don't know actually I don't
know what the rules are on twitch for
this one if you have a stream do you
have to personally do it or could you
get because there's been like the twitch
plays Pokemon and there's been a so you
could outsource that yeah have you hired
supervisor paid individuals to assist
the worker in completing the project
stated in the contract which hired
someone to help me a streamer who's not
even know like you know I would say
probably not for this one I don't know
if like a count managers and stuff would
fall under this purview I don't think so
so I'd probably say is there a
continuing relationship between your
company and the individual of course
usually for many years must the
individual work set hours I believe to
qualify well actually in this is yes I'm
almost positive I don't agree because I
can just stop streaming a name point
right now yeah but then won't you won't
you don't you have to stream a minimum
number of hours for partnerships like
even qualify for you know to get
initially I don't know if this was
that's what this question is asking
specifically yes you have to work in a
certain amount of hours to complete the
form on their site but once you're a
partner or an a or an affiliate by the
way right the affiliate doesn't even
need that
you don't have to string it all you
could just I'm pretty sure okay I'll
give that one although I think there are
some contracts that mandate like a
minimum hour streamed but but but we'll
say that's not is there continue unless
the individual work set hours no you
don't know today you have control of
your schedule is the image you're
required to work full-time at your
company note you don't have to do that
is the work performant company premises
no although it is digital so that's kind
of weird but I will say probably no for
that one is the individual required to
follow a set sequence or routine and the
performance of his work probably not
most individual give you reports
regarding his or her work I don't think
so no is the individual paid by the hour
week or month you typically to
Commission so no do you reimburse the
individual for business or travel
expenses not unless you're specifically
contracted to go to like twitch account
or something do you supply the
individual with needed tools or
materials I don't think so unless
digital stuff counts cuz the digital
shows kind of weird like they gave you
like the in jest shirt in jest sir bird
[ __ ] I don't know if that would count
thought of that though have you made a
significant investment in facilities
used by the individual to perform
services this is like this is like
roughly like the the checklist they use
as a guide where that these are the
things that they look through is the
individual free from suffering a loss or
realizing a profit based on his work is
the individual free from either just
they get paid nothing or make something
so so yes oh so yeah you would be a does
the individual only perform services for
your company if you're exclusive than
yes does the individual limit the
availability of his services to the
general public if you're contracted then
yes aren't all twitch contracts now
exclusive I think it was partners right
yeah role partners yeah do you have the
right to discharge the individual yes
and then may the individual terminate
his services at any time
um I think you have to give like a
sixty-day written notice or something
wait to get partnered or if you want to
break your contract don't you have to
give like a written termination or
whatever wait what is contract with
twitch even entail do they just take you
off the platform
I guess well you you're a partnership
gets removed and everything oh I didn't
even know that's part has that ever
happened I don't know if anybody would
actually do it but yeah okay yeah but
anyway yeah I mean I don't know I feel
like you I feel like you have an
argument therefore like I feel more like
an employee than a contractor but I mean
I could see it going either way so um
okay I love you all I'm gonna hop over
to Raj thanks man thanks for helping
with us I appreciate it a lot yeah peace
out I'm gonna keep my name is Herman
okay yeah okay I gotta get back to my
plane I'll see you guys later okay man
all right hey have you got twitch crimes
you better [ __ ] use them on me
instead of Raj okay I love you all very
much
I'm gonna go over and join Roger stream
okay I love you guys we're gonna
cappuccino cappuccino hop turn
opportunityto cappuccino cappuccino
opportun of my duderinos
