trainwrecks wants to get okay here's a
question for you Tran Rex is asking
about getting a nuance bro
on the podcast so that you and I can
dunk on him and I told him he's so
boring I hate people I kind of [ __ ] and
myself I don't have any responsibility
because I've just freedom of speech and
people commit their own to see I don't
want to cater to the lowest common
denominator I know everything I think my
intentions are good itself [ __ ]
boring talking to people so yeah are you
familiar with what happened with Jasmine
Barnes like the 7 year old girl they got
shot and killed in Houston she her mom
was like leaving a Walmart and so her
mom was leaving them all Walmart car
pulls up [ __ ] in front of them and
then it basically shoots into their car
and the 7 year old in the car dies
there's like three sisters in the back
seat and one of them dies so what
happens after is there's four
eyewitnesses they all give the same
testimony they say that there's like
this white dude the the the description
is white guy in his forties bearded
wearing a red sweatshirt in a red pickup
truck and the police circulate the red
pickup truck and all this information to
the public they say the manhunt is going
on but we have no we have no idea who
this is we have no idea what the motive
is and we're not ruling out race hate
crime
as a motivator now police officers
whenever they say we're not ruling hate
crime as a motivator it's more often
than not a hate crime usually so on me
running off with that sort of
information I did a video describing
everything I just told you and then
talked about and then said hey the
police that this is not a hate crime
this they're not ruling out the
possibility that this might be a hate
crime so let's talk about hate crimes
for a second in America and then I just
started talking about statistics on like
how black people make up like hate
crimes in America and all this other
[ __ ] [ __ ] this guy's gonna [ __ ] kill
me dude I don't have anything
[ __ ] me dude I'm guns or sucking zombies
everywhere that's terrible so yeah I did
this like video and then you know what
happened it turns out the guy was white
the killers were we're actually the
killers were actually two guys in a
[ __ ] so as I was saying it turns out
that the that was as soon as like that
came out as soon as that came out we got
[ __ ] brigaded like I got brigaded
people were like oh you're a [ __ ]
race baiter like you didn't wait there
was a three day manhunt going on there
was a three four-day manhunt going on
the people the police officers literally
were begging for someone to help them
out and like release this information
this is the institution that gave us the
information as a news organization what
do you want us to do like we have to
work off of the it the the information
that like I mean I would scientist and
we can come with this but I'm probably
not gonna Wow I would say that talking
about it being a hate crime would be
pretty proud of that's pretty even like
I didn't say no no I know but I didn't
say it was a hate crime I said there is
a the police officers have not ruled out
the likelihood that it is yeah sure but
I mean that would be like if there was
like a bombing somewhere like the police
officers but if it was a three day if it
was an ongoing manhunt and the and they
said that we're looking for a [ __ ]
bearded Muslim and or like a bearded
Brown guy and that's totally different
usually more often than not there's only
[ __ ] there's never a situation in the
it with these sorts of bombings or
whatever where there's like one [ __ ]
one or only two different people who
stay like one or only two other
we stated that oh [ __ ] the guys behind
me he's shooting at me and I'm gonna
[ __ ] die when you playing for Knight
again never again remy buxaplenty but
thank you for the subscription witness
ID is well known to be notoriously
inaccurate I know but if it was just if
it was just witnesses if it wasn't the
fact that these officers that were also
in their press release asking other
people to release this information and
here's my there's literally absolutely
never ever ever ever this is why I hate
breaking news there's never any value
that comes out of covering these types
of things before all the information is
released like knowing about it like a
day or two or whatever earlier or some
hours earlier just it never gives you
anything better and there's so much
potential harm that can come from doing
it early that's why you try to avoid
making any comments I know but this
isn't this is like I covered the story
the day of but the information didn't
change for four days like it wasn't like
this wasn't like a accident because I
arrived it at first
and anyway news organizations do this
regardless like news organizations
release this sort of information and
what do you call it like news
organizations releases information and
if new information comes out and we find
out that the victim is totally different
then you you make it you issue a
correction or you reject something you
know what I mean it's not like what you
don't wait to [ __ ] report on the news
like especially if it's yeah but there's
any reporting on the news and talking
about hate crimes in the US after this
happens right yeah no I understand but
it's not like I miss reporting anything
I'm saying that this could be a
potential hate crime and here are those
statistics for hate crimes in America
that's what that like a Muslim doesn't
think it's like our Brown purse is like
well here is the statistics for Muslim
extremist terrorism and you know we're
just I know but as long as the [ __ ]
statistics that they're mentioning are
correct if they're like here are the the
Muslim fundamentalist like violent
Muslim fundamentalist instances in
America or whatever yeah I mean okay
that's fair there is an implication yeah
by the way which is and and I know that
the information is incorrect so I
literally took it down like III took the
videos down if I thought that it was
like if I didn't have any issue
releasing that information if I didn't
have any issue having that information
still up after being corrected I
wouldn't have taken it down so I did I
issued a correction and then I took the
[ __ ] video down right okay and it but
it's still not enough for these guys now
they're like they're now they're like oh
well you [ __ ] immediately ran you
race baiter your [ __ ] race better I'm
like dude I'm not a race baiter I'm
working off the information that they
gave us like I'm working out the
information of the police gave us do you
see what I'm saying yeah I mean I
understand but I mean I all these
arguments would be used for the for the
same for the Muslim example as well
right or almost all Muslim examples is
that it's never for the next four days
and it's never so it's never the
police's official information if the
police actually officially released this
information after after analyzing the
situation then that's totally fair but
the the the conflation here is that
almost in every single instance where
like a Paul Joseph Watson goes out and
releases like [ __ ] information about
how the shooter was Muslim or whatever
it's purposefully a lie they're not
using any sort of evidence testimony
they're not using anything they're just
[ __ ] lying and speculating that's why
I have a hard time that's why I have a
hard time when like nuanced bro makes
that argument it says like well you're a
[ __ ] liar and you're a race baiter
and you're a piece of [ __ ] like you
don't give a [ __ ] about this person this
seven year olds death it's like [ __ ]
you don't give a [ __ ] about the seven
year olds that I covered the actual
story I I fought like I did this and
that's a shame because to be fair no one
really gives a [ __ ] about a random
seven-year-old dying like people die all
the time to pretend otherwise
no but it's still [ __ ] shitty and the
reason why I like the reason why I'm
covering the story so that I can the
reason why at least I was covering that
story specifically on that day so that I
can so that I can help as much as I can
and spread the you know spread the
information of the police gave out and
literally said please spread this
information there was a bounty placed on
this person as well for any sort of
information that led to the capture of
this person do you see what I'm saying
like I see I totally see what you're
saying I just 1 million percent does
you know I just don't think there's any
value whatsoever and in covering like
breaking news in that way and then
implying anything about like I hate
attack I just don't see any value in it
and I see a potential downside what
which is what your experience in was the
downside right yeah and again like I
said if the information was if the
information at the time wasn't solid I
wouldn't have worked with it
no no no well you didn't work off
anything to get to the hate crime that's
just the hate crime it's not like I said
this is a hate crime I said okay chill
cuz now you're doing wet nuance proto's
you didn't say it was a hate crime but
you said let's talk about hate crimes I
like it so so why do you think you
didn't say what this is what I do
regardless I'm not like I use existing I
use existing stories like I use existing
news articles to talk about ongoing
issues in the United States and
translate collected 100 bunked up my
[ __ ] cancel my [ __ ] so I use existing
stories that are occurring in the aro
that are in the news cycle to talk about
things that are happening and the fact
that it wasn't actually a hate crime is
the reason why I is the reason why I
took it off do you see what I'm saying
listen listen listen
okay here's what happened a new spray
broke and you said hey this news story
broke there could be this narrative
let's talk about things related to this
narrative now I'm not saying that it is
to Snowden but we're I'm never going to
agree that that's there's no argument
you can ever give me that's never gonna
sway me to say oh yeah I totally
understand it I would just never do it
that would that's that's just my stance
on it maybe we come at it from every
point of view but okay didn't you [ __ ]
it Ryan Saavedra for reporting on the
original account of the California shoot
of being a middle Easterner when it
turned out to be a white person
absolutely do you know why because the
[ __ ] the immediate account that the
person was a what is a middle Easterner
was was off of one person's testimony
when there was 20 other [ __ ] people
that were saying otherwise and in an
hour but these are difference these are
two totally different arguments these
are who totally owned islands I'm not I
know so like I'm not talking about
misreporting saying that to me in my
chair because is reporting the facts is
something different than framing a
narrative that these are two totally
different things right
what do you mean I mean we can talk
about whether you so he could still he
could still have reported expires I know
he's like no no I'm saying he could have
still reported the correct facts like
even if his facts were correct if it was
a Muslim and he said oh yeah reporting
this he was a Muslim I think it was
terrorism that that's the jump that I'm
having a problem not reporting facts
correctly incorrectly that's a that's a
separate issue
you can still report all the facts
correctly but still making it still make
a jump that I wouldn't be comfortable so
for instance um buddy fights out there
was a shooting if someone says there was
a brown man president ever like what
happened I believe I wanna say was with
the mosque shooting in in Canada there
were true facts reported I believe that
there was a suspect a Middle Eastern man
once identified as a suspect all of that
was true and people jumped to terrorism
but it turned out that that guy was
actually like we're like they're like
reporting the shooter or whatever right
he wasn't the actual shooter so like
this is a case where even if you get the
facts correct I just don't like framing
a narrative before we have all the facts
mainly because I just don't see a value
in doing it you you don't gain anything
by doing breaking news aside aside from
views right you don't gain anything from
like trying to like figure out stories
like like has there happening breaking
like you might hold his way to do to to
let everything sort out that's all I'm
that's all I'm saying that's my leaving
it up is shoeing a correction or a
caption for full transparency no I did I
I did issue a correction on my page
that's the only place I left it up on
purpose so that people didn't think that
I was like [ __ ] running away from this
or anything like that and and mentioned
that it was incorrect the information
given to us was not was not right but
I've never been in a situation in my
entire life where the police officers
and an all eyewitness testimony it
turned around and said that this was
going on and the police had not ruled
the possibility of a hate crime which is
a which is usually what they which is
usually what the narrative is when it is
more often than not a hate crime so I
use that as a launching point to talk
about hate crimes in America which is
what I do every single time if I'm
talking about incarceration in America I
talk about recidivism and like
rehabilitation on incarceration this is
what I choose to opine on this is where
the there's a question what value do you
gain from doing it before all the facts
are in
like if you would have made the video
like two or three days later like yeah
well the difference there is that I have
to make the different services because
it was a breaking news story where
there's an ongoing manhunt and I want to
[ __ ] help out as best as I can
ironically I didn't I did the opposite
of helping out i I ended up spreading
information that wasn't accurate oh I'm
so dead he just punished me dude you
just punish me for misreporting dude
well he can't even [ __ ] kill me holy
[ __ ]
yeah now people are like no he wanted it
to be a white man that's why he
highlighted the story you can't race
mate if the killer is of a different
race and all this other [ __ ] like why
did the Young Turks delete these videos
what are they hiding like there's so
much there's so much [ __ ] out there
where they're like it's so frustrating
where what do you call it like it's so
frustrating that people are just like oh
no that's like just fake news it's not
[ __ ] fake news there's a difference
between there's a difference between
like someone who's like I think this
person is a Muslim and this is Muslim
terrorism and I think that the Pope I
mean or the difference between the
police officers have said that this is
what's going on here are all the
reporting's also additionally working up
one of the things that the police
officers have also not ruled out as a
possible because you're reaching so hard
here I think you've got a big reach but
this is a poof like how many times could
it could have I would say like we're not
ruling out like Islam extremism right
like I feel like you would be in the
total other side of the issue like just
because they're not ruling out terrorism
police yeah if whoever the party whoever
the party FBI if the FBI is like oh
we're not ruling out the possibility
that this is like radical or
fundamentalist terror then I think
that's a totally valid [ __ ] thing to
um I think that's a valid thing to to
cover okay
like I I that's what news outlets do
they issue Caray there's a reason why
they're the news also issue Corrections
you know what I mean
like what's the UM okay let me ask you
this way and maybe this will be a little
bit better okay man this will not ask
you a question yeah I corrected myself
just like every other [ __ ] news
outlets the do but um what was I gonna
say okay so so what's the right time to
cover news stories then it's not about
okay so for me personally I hate
breaking news as soon as some major
terrorist event [ __ ] happens I showed
off Twitter I showed up all and I wait
two [ __ ] days but because it tasted a
major tear you just asked me about
breaking news I'm telling you my journal
opinion I [ __ ] hate breaking news I
hate it cuz it's all it does is it leads
to a bunch of people speculate in a
[ __ ] of everything there is literally
zero no person in the history of all the
world has ever said I'm so glad I knew
about that shooter 27 seconds after it
happened as opposed to the next day
literally doesn't [ __ ] matter whether
10 people died in today's there were 500
people died in Vegas or whatever or a
week or whatever none of the [ __ ]
matters to me right now if I got
somebody personally vol we contact the
police exotic cetera but otherwise so it
seems like there's very little value in
breaking news now the danger in breaking
news is that as events happen in real
time people can form narratives and
opinions about things from very [ __ ]
quickly and those things stick I'm sure
you know this because you do kind of
like the journalism thing right or
whatever right you would say you in
journalism right you would say that
would you say yeah so you know the
dangers of somebody publishing a story
and how woefully ineffective retractions
are right the initial story always
sticks harder yeah so like as soon as
the narratives form like early on you
get things like like the fake terrorist
attacks that like Trump mentions all
that [ __ ] like all of that like it just
it's so damaging that like I never ever
ever I just like there's any reason to
engage in Franco but it wasn't simple if
it but it wasn't simple because you like
a massive [ __ ] terrorism is different
there's a like a massive [ __ ] terror
story is drastically different than like
a
murder where we don't know if it's like
premeditated or we don't know what the
[ __ ] entire facts are and there's an
ongoing manner this is all of it is so
irrelevant it doesn't matter none of
this gets you to the point where it's
like well maybe I can imply that this is
a hate crime like you're never gonna get
there you never make that gap like even
if it's ongoing even if it's breaking
even if it's whatever I think yeah no I
think that that's why I took the video
down is because he while I while I
openly mentioned that the police
officers have not ruled out the
possibility that this might be a hate
crime and then talked about a larger
narrative or a larger issue of like hate
crimes in the United States as I do with
every other story to talk about like the
larger picture which is what I use and
what if the larger picture is Islamic
extremism and someone's just saying well
the police haven't rolled out like if
you could use all these same arguments
could all be used for you know it could
absolutely be acceptable to say that in
certain instances it just hits all the
matter of convicts and for me for when
it comes to like a domestic murder case
if the police officers have already
revealed this information and are asking
people to go out and [ __ ] spread this
information in an effort to find it's
not about going out and spreading it
that's not what you're doing when you're
saying let's talk about hate crimes
that's framing a narrative we're not
we're way I'm saying you know I I agree
that that part is not that part is is
what I normally do and in this instance
it was because the information that I
got was was not correct because but the
information is verifiable at that point
even if it's not correct it's still
exactly the kind of information that any
news outlet would use as a matter of
fact all news outlets use that
information yeah but you can use the
information without framing a narrative
that's what I'm saying that's the only
thing I I think we just I think we're
gonna majorly agree to disagree what
there's no way I'll be swayed by this I
don't I don't disagree at all with like
reporting information I just but when
you start like implying like yeah I'm
you know yeah I understand your
perspective and I'm already agreeing to
it because of the fact that the
information is all
tonight what are you saying oh my god
who are you this guy just tried to
[ __ ] knife me holy [ __ ] I think I
should have clarified further and and
said that look we don't we don't know I
I mean I already clarified it though if
that's even the problem I literally I
said we don't know that this is if I
hello mate
gimme one sec there's a wait Hasan is it
I said potential dude I I never said
that it was a hate crime okay I never
said I know that it's it the implication
but it makes it seem like it might be a
hate crime but every point no no I look
I'm admitting I'm it no no no no all
right Houston look houston local news
covered it as a hate crime spread the
police sketch of a white man days before
it was actually resolved I have to work
off of the [ __ ] local news that I'm
getting and I'm half the more
importantly than I have to work off the
[ __ ] police and like the police
information that I'm getting okay there
is it's not a it's not an issue to cover
these stories in the same way especially
when your responsibility is a news
organization if you're doing
straightforward unbiased like objective
coverage is to spread the news so but
mine from my job on top of that is to
opine on the news my issue here was my
issue here was openly saying that this
could be there is a likelihood that this
could be a hate crime and using that to
talk about the police not even [ __ ]
ruling that out police didn't rule out
gang-related incident which is
statistically more likely why not talk
about that picking hate crime which is
way less likely seems like a pushing a
narrative no because the police didn't
[ __ ] mentioned that they didn't rule
out a gang-related incident Kobe is like
what the [ __ ] are you talking about they
in their press release they mentioned
that they weren't ruling out a hate
crime but they didn't say that they're
not ruling out a [ __ ] gang-related
incident it's not like say they weren't
ruling on Islamic terrorism
I mean they didn't they didn't mention
that anyway regardless I literally
corrected myself and then I [ __ ]
deleted the video on top of that so the
in order in an effort not to spread
false information any further but it
doesn't matter and this is like this is
the issue like none of this [ __ ]
matters can you see that you were just
memeing the cell reporting is done as a
justification I don't understand like
how do you guys think reporting is
supposed to be done like everyone is
everyone is a [ __ ] ethics in
journalism like major all of a sudden in
the chat whenever this sort it whenever
this sort of conversation hours
everyone's a everyone's an analytic
specialist for social media when it
comes to like channels succeeding or
failing and everyone's a [ __ ] just
[ __ ] banham dude tell me where I'm
aiming in venom where gamergaters were
experts in journalism ethics exactly
yeah I'll just wait no it's fine guys
I'll just wait next time like three and
a half four three and a half weeks I'll
wait till the [ __ ] guy is caught and
then at that point I'll wait for the
court case to actually come through so I
can actually [ __ ] make a lie where
people criticize me all the time but
honestly when people in chat are like oh
my god did you hear I'm like dude I
don't care how many people are dead what
the story is tell me tomorrow when
people actually know what happens that
[ __ ] that's what I say every time by the
way I didn't like hold the trigger early
either like what what's the what's the
most verifiable information that you
could work off of if you were let's say
you're a journalist right well knowing
that the guys Wyatt is not or whatever
it's not enough to go to consumer so
it's a hand cream
no no not knowing that the guy is white
I'm saying that like the police
mentioning that specifically the police
mentioning that specifically means that
there's a high likelihood that that
could be the case it's not just that
they said that oh well the guy who's
white so and if there is an attack
somewhere and they identify Middle
Eastern man honest-to-god inside I'm
assuming it's a [ __ ] terrorist attack
- I did not see assumption I would make
but just think that I wouldn't like
talked about that publicly because
you're knows I'm coming to you
you get them
whoa no Hassan added a narrative instead
of just reporting the facts guys I am a
[ __ ] op-ed person okay I write
opinion pieces okay
I write opinion pieces yes Alex Jones
okay dude yeah Alex Jones listen Alex
Jones isn't writing an opinion piece off
of what the police officers were [ __ ]
mentioning okay holy [ __ ]
this is the main difference didn't
didn't Shaun King himself hand over more
accurate info to the police last
Thursday info that is correct not show
that you're not sure that's you i t know
I wrote I wrote the story before Shaun
King found additional information on top
of it which by the way Shaun King is
also being vilified on top of TYT for
this despite the fact that he raised
$100,000 to find who the [ __ ] killers
were this bite the fact that he was also
inaccurately reporting on what was
happening despite the fact that his
information was literally the
information that got the actual killers
[ __ ] found so is it okay if the
police report is a middle-eastern if
okay in this instance instead of the
police if it's the FBI or whoever
handles like whoever the most
responsible party is okay whoever the
most responsible [ __ ] party is that
that handles this sort of predicament if
they do a press release I'm going to use
all of that information in that press
release and I'm going to assume that all
of the information in that press release
is like the best possible truth that I
can work off of the difference is
there's no narrative being pushed X
happened it could be Y let's talk about
Y is different than X happened it could
be Y and by the way all Muslims are
terrorists while it's not good practice
to write an op-ed on an open story the
issue isn't your reporting on the press
release but I never okay okay this isn't
important this is I want to be as honest
and it's transparent with everyone as
possible and I want to talk to other
people about this which is why I'm
having this conversation with destiny an
honest-to-god contrarian who already has
like a lot of skepticisms about the meat
coverage regardless which is why I'm
having this conversation okay because I
want to do better I want to be better
and I don't want to have this issue
again so in the future if something like
this were to happen destiny is destiny
if you're I believe your perspective is
just wait until all the facts come out
obviously I can't do that because that's
not my job my job is to like my job the
facts were out at that point do you know
what I mean like enough facts we're out
for me to cover this and obviously I I
don't have like an objective okay here's
the question ready whoever walked on a
quick argument ready okay let's say that
you report the facts about some story
okay
the facts are all true right yeah follow
me yeah okay let's say that from those
facts you could draw three or four
different likely scenarios that happen
okay correct yep do you think it would
be responsible to talk about any of
those scenarios without having further
facts to confirm them do you think it's
responsible to talk about any of those
scenarios correct without having
additional information that solidifies
it as a hate crime or any other anything
not even a hate crime just saying like
no I understand it depends on what the
police would be what the information is
if the police officer okay okay let's
say the a news story comes out let's say
that a news story comes out let's say a
news story comes out okay news story
comes out and the story was hey there
has been a shooting of a man and you're
like well we see that a man got shot now
I'm going to release a whole bunch of
information let's just talk about what
happens if you get shot in the dick do
you think that somebody watching that
might be led to believe that for some
reason there's like a decent probability
that a person's been shot in the dick do
you think that's like a reasonable job
that somebody might think that because
that's what you're deciding to cover
okay yeah well that's it that's the
whole thing so when you when you're
reporting us
yeah eggs dude okay go on go on with
your that's well that's it you're you're
speculating based on incomplete facts on
a narrative that you can't support and
that's it that Mattie we Sully let me
let me say oh and and I guess we don't
need to even watch the video for this
but if you want we could do that as well
and you can tell me exactly what you
have an issue with if you were to watch
this you could have delivered the facts
out opining however valid from a
legitimate place of trying to do good
the goal was to just do the news their
problem is opining but my this is what i
do my my my job is to opine my job is to
add my perspective onto it and if the
facts if the if the main facts that I'm
getting are just that the facts and I
even mentioned myself if I mentioned
that that the this is not like fully
correct information or if I mentioned
that this is just pure speculation at
that point but then go on to talk about
actual facts about hate crimes sure so
when you like something would you accept
would you accept the opposite would you
accept a opposite so somebody says we've
gotten reports that there is a shooting
downtown and the person the perpetrator
has been identified so far by three
different eyewitnesses is a Middle
Eastern man now we don't know why he did
this or what's going on but let's talk
about some Sunni extremism around you
know around the world like let's talk
about some terrorist acts in the world
and let statistics about that do you
think that's kind of leading even if the
person qualifies not around the world
but if it's like do but if it's if it's
literally a domestic a domestic terror
incident and if it's but you're talking
about hate crime stats around around
like the whole u.s. I don't think you're
talking about them like particular to
that city were you really yeah no I
that's why I said domestic this any
domestic means the u.s. you're talking
about terror all around the okay around
the United States now fifty then craft
these let's talk about terrorist attacks
reality the proper analogy where I would
where I would be completely where I
would act and I said this already the
proper analogy here is if if the news
outlets were reporting this as as a as a
Muslim terrorist right a Muslim
terrorist but this is like the
appropriate amount of like a day is
passed already
that that the every single eyewitness is
mentioned that this is a Muslim
terrorist and that on top of that they
have like the proper party who handles
these sort of investing that's not a
good analogy because saying they're a
Muslim terrorist means you can talk
about Muslim terrorism how about if they
just say he's Middle Eastern and that's
it they said this is a middle Easterner
okay
this is a middle Easterner who went out
and like shot someone and and and the
information is there and they said like
oh my god this is a middle Easterner
Middle East understand and they at the
FBI in that incidents not and nothing
nothing short of that is acceptable from
my perspective because I think that the
FBI covering the FBI covering like the
Muslim terror is similar to the local
police department covering like domestic
any sort of like murder case you know
what I mean okay if it's just like some
random people saying like if it's just
the police officers and that isn't
saying although this is a Middle Eastern
man it's probably we're not ruling out
the possibility that's there it's not
acceptable but if it's a if it's the FBI
saying that this is there's a high
likelihood that this is a well we're not
ruling out the the fact that this could
be a terror incident then people
reporting it as a possible terror
incident and then talking about terror
incidents domestically in the United
States and and like how many times
Middle Easterners have contributed to
that is perfectly acceptable
okay I just I if I understand I just
totally disagree okay
but I love you okay that's the important
thing the real pair is the friends we
made along the way right is that how it
goes no when a friend makes a mistake
the mistake remains the mistake and the
friend remains a friend that's the
important thing is where did you land at
soon oh my gosh you would have a very
different perspective who's an all right
person to talk about Muslims I mean yeah
I don't consider myself the same thank
you
I don't consider myself like a like a
alright person talking about am i the
alt-right to white people like or hate
crimes like I just report on whatever
the [ __ ] police officers we're
talking about are you unaware that the
legal system in the United States is a
presumption of innocent until proven
guilty in a court of law I asked because
you frequently cited and as an authority
for your argument the fact of the police
charge with a male with a crime given
this presumption what point exactly do
you think you were making by saying the
police charged someone with a crime yeah
no I'm not saying that this person is
like absolutely guilty dog there was no
person to [ __ ] point the finger at
anyway what the [ __ ] are you talking
about like that's the semantics argument
as stupid for a better analogy what if
police described it as a Latino man and
then reporters talk about border
security would that be justifiable is
that the same yeah every single time
really you think that it's the same as
like the police officers not ruling out
that this is like no that's not the same
at all because one is vilifying I'm not
saying all white people are capable of
[ __ ] causing committing hate crimes
if there was a if there was additional
information like for example if they had
said that this white person this this
white suspect that we think is a white
suspect went out and and had some form
of like some semblance of a motive
rather than a complete random [ __ ]
like a complete random shooting okay
then yes absolutely like
but if there's a if it's a Latino person
and more often than not in those
instances they or at least the ones that
I can think of there's always another
motive it's like oh this person want to
[ __ ] this person and then they they
follow them and then people usually use
that to make an effort or make a case
for border security it I don't consider
that to be the same analogy at all
correct however when you look at the
date of white people are number one for
committing hate crimes this is not a
heated debate at all guys I'm heated
right now go look up lynching in this
out on the west
the worst part about this is that the
worst part about this is that I
understand that the the information was
incorrect I issued an update I don't
know unless I'm gonna do about the
information that's totally irrelevant
even if all the information was right it
still doesn't change anything here I
don't think we really know about framing
an area if it was a white person if it
was a so if it was a white person
actually and if it was like and the
police officers were like we're not
ruling out a hate crime because we have
no other primary motivators for why this
crime happened at all
you you still think that it's like
that's not acceptable to write about I
mean no if we didn't have any other
motivators for why a Muslim guy shoots
up someplace I wouldn't just assume it's
terrorism and I would get upset at other
people for doing so
okay that's fair
so what is the argument you just don't
report on anything less than a month old
[ __ ] yeah hey we gonna make it over Bali
but I'm looking for a couple days or you
can report all the [ __ ] but don't frame
a narrative
listen if I'm not allowed to drive a car
until seven weeks after to have a drink
then you fill out a report I have a very
I have a very limited window and a very
limited opportunity to get a message
across in any in these sorts of videos
right so if I want to do a video on a
what do you call it if I want it if I
wanted to incorporate information about
hate crimes so just say like look like
what what level of what level of like
clarification do you think is necessary
in that instance to to maintain that
this is like this is absolutely not we
don't know this is a hate crime or not
but here are some hate crime statistics
regardless we don't know if this is an
Islamic terrorist attack but here are
some terrorist attack statistics
regardless if you're in the business I'm
doing like break concede it no no but I
already can to the fact that if the FBI
if the if the most knowledgeable
knowledgeable party in question in that
instance is like I didn't think that
this was going to be I didn't assume
that that this was gonna be any
different than most other [ __ ]
murders the police officers like reveal
do a press release on you know what I
mean when you're when you're when you're
putting out a press statement when
you're putting on a statement to the
press you want the press to cover
exactly the [ __ ] information that
you're giving so it's like that's very
religious
[ __ ] outta here you little [ __ ] boy
piece of [ __ ] insane how this guy
screams in ethical for 25 hours a day
but doesn't realize he's complicit in
the in ethical spreading of false
information and uneducated political
commentary that the morons at TYT always
do this is why all their videos get
disliked well how the dislikes on
YouTube the real barometer for success
what is it for what someone said your
videos will get disliked because you're
spreading fake names yeah I talked about
that dude obviously dislikes don't
[ __ ] stop me from doing anything I
genuinely don't care about that at all
even if Hassan is right it doesn't
matter because he couldn't express his
point he needs to get better Pepe think
any of those debate bugs why do you
think this is a fully loaded
I keep getting timed out for being
critical of destiny what type of North
Korean [ __ ] is this haha really I don't
know probably not in my chat I don't
think
we allow people to be critical of
destiny in my chat Lily a big decision
someone said showing what destiny is
describing here isn't necessarily a flaw
of your personal editorial but rather
the market-driven nature of journalism
you providing editorial content on
subject matter that is fallen out of
headlines months later is a poor
business decision I believe you acted
within a realm of responsible editorial
ISM when discussing content that the FBI
is providing the press you corrected
your content when you were wrong yeah I
don't know I think I did I'm trying to
figure out what I should do differently
in the future and any campaneris report
I'm saying anything short of like just
either say that this is what the Chinese
are saying and like keep it there which
will which is not what I do
you know what I mean it's not like
that's not my my job is it the report
the news uncritically my job to report
the news crazy and anyhow whoa a
narrative around it you know what I mean
Paula kanopolis shows agency had a
better full house what inspired Bo
are you serious what
what sorry hold on
he's got her covered I wish I could see
how this hand played out what I guess
he's shipping it I think he's putting
her all in attempt bugger him she she
[ __ ] folds Queens full of aces on a
board with ace Queen Queen this has got
to be like the [ __ ] second note sir
and it's [ __ ] aces full what the [ __ ]
besting no [ __ ] way how the [ __ ] do
you lay that down that's like a hand you
go broke on what a god okay I'm done
mr. Fernandez says it's just like money
comes missing in a party there are 500
people at a party police say these five
are suspects you take that information
and then let's say discuss persons whose
criminal history and then we find out it
wasn't personal to the person - yeah but
if the police said we're leaning heavily
towards you know what I mean or we're
not ruling out the possibility that
criminal - has a I mean a person - has a
criminal history and therefore could be
the responsible party holy [ __ ] then
changed your job it's not it's my job is
not an excuse what what is my day saying
dude like you're [ __ ] idiot dude holy
[ __ ] yeah I'm gonna [ __ ] change my
job dawg
look just because you don't understand
what my job is or what it entails
doesn't mean that just change your job
the police are class traders so why do
you trust their press releases well
they're the ones that have access to all
the information what I'm working off of
like when I'm working off of police
brutality more often than not I'm still
working off with the [ __ ] information
provided by the police you understand
that right I just don't know how I would
ever be able to do my job if I can't
[ __ ] trust the information that I'm
like I'm getting from vetted sources you
know what I'm talking about the
information we're talking about the
narrative why didn't you talk about the
information your information was correct
the information is fine the narrative
rimmel supported by the information no
one cares about the information it's the
narrative your
the narrative I know but the narrative
is backed by the in village not
presented because destiny if they said
this could have been a robbery I'm not
gonna [ __ ] write about a hate crime
dude that's what that's my point
like if they said we're not ruling out
the possibility it could be a [ __ ]
robbery then I'm gonna most likely going
to cover it from that angle I mean I
probably wouldn't even cover it really
that wouldn't be the problem is there's
no harm and covering it as a robbery
that's the thing if you imply that it's
a robbery and you're wrong there's no
harm no foul if you imply that it's
something else that carries a lot more
social baggage with it then there is
potential harm there this is actually
decent content I know that people are
getting upset and bored and whatever but
I think this is a fine topic to cut
discuss and I definitely wanted to hear
some other people's perspectives that
wasn't [ __ ] nuanced bro who's just
simply using this as an effort to you
know [ __ ] on me and then TYT in general
but he's definitely not a right winger
by the way he just cares about ethics
and journalism
[Music]
