you can't be like oh yeah dude like your
is because you're not taking a position
on being vegan or Meteor you're
literally raping children like oh this
is why why does my work this funny I
can't let you doubted me you did all
that in one day
well a couple hours I said I woke up I
had a hammer that's no damn holy [ __ ] is
our debate work dude what are you gonna
do with that well you know will you take
it and I'd use it in my next
conversation with a person I had a
conversation with last and savor our
holes or flaws kind of I mean that's
kind of we were to put it but it's
basically it's a there's a girl in my
community that follows a lot of my
debate stuff and has a lot of really
good input and has positions on veganism
ironed out more solidly than I do so the
last time I talked to her there was some
flaws in my position that we're exposed
to me so I figure I go back to the
drawing board iron out a little bit more
and then introduce them again and I see
if she can spot more flaws or if my
position is more solid well yeah so like
because I'm a layman and philosophy most
philosophy debates are going to be I
have a position somebody disagrees to
that position if they're intelligent
then what they do is they take my what
you do is you take my arguments and then
you apply them to other things to see if
I remain consistent and then if an
inconsistency is found then that means
that you have something deeper that you
need to resolve does that make sense or
is that a little too abstract
so veganism is a really tough argument
to win from a further person arguing
meat-eating it's very hard to have
because in order for you to be okay
eating meat you have to end to be have
strong ethical positions you have to
have some very solid ethical foundation
that allows you to exclude all animals
but include all humans generally that's
what most of us want and it's very very
hard to do that like you can you can try
to do a few examples and I could show
you I guess if you can think of like if
you want to do like a sample
conversation like why do you think
eating
is okay why do you think killing animals
for pleasure is okay no I would never
make that argument well basically so my
system is basically built off of
reciprocated values is like if you're
able to reciprocate a value with me and
I'm able to reciprocate about with you
but that kind of doesn't work in some
edge cases which is what I got which is
what my system was broken down on
yesterday yeah so I had to go back and
really think about that reciprocated
value thing so that's what I spent most
of this morning doing was like well why
do I care about reciprocated values are
these like important in and of
themselves or are they a means to an end
and that kind of stuff yeah so for me
like I don't actually care about
reciprocated values I only care about
myself I just use reciprocated values as
a way to maximize well-being for myself
right so like I care the most about me
being happy but generally the way that
I'm the happiest is when other people
are around me are happy it was so like
that it's kind of where that comes from
Jenner I believe so yeah generally yeah
i wouldnt want to be surrounded by a
bunch of people that suck [ __ ] are
miserable are trying to kill me are
otherwise unhappy right because when i
talk about other people are at me being
happy i'm not talking about whether or
not they approve of me or not or whether
or not they affirm me or something it's
more just that they're successful in
life that the more people that you
surround yourself with that are
successful the better off your life will
tend to be the more successful people
you have in your country the better off
your entire country will tend to be so
like these are why I think that's
important whether or not you like these
people or hate them or whether or not
they like you or hate you or approve of
you or disapprove of you the better your
population is the better everybody in
that population is right
not necessarily I'm looking at this more
from like a general like giant class
point of view or not like who do I
personally choose to hang out with point
of view well no it's about my my system
of ethics okay no no okay here let me
back up so the thing that I'm concerned
about with though what we're all of my
morals and everything come from right
for me is that I want to be I want to
maximize my well-being or maximize the
utility available to me or whatever
right so I have to find ways like I have
to think about ways to do that so like
how do I maximize my personal well-being
and I guess this is part of what this is
about right so like I could I could take
it from other people like right be a via
force so killing people and stealing
their [ __ ] you could manipulate or
deceive other people by lying and
stealing that way or you could try to
get other people interested in you and
do like a common interest sort of thing
which is like the reciprocated value
thing right doing things by force
doesn't seem to be consistent nor
realistic I don't think I'm ever gonna
be in a position of power where I'll
have the necessary resources to force
tons of people to make my life better I
don't think no people come to my stream
by choice also doesn't seem to be a
reliable way to maintain power because
dictators on that shake it [ __ ] over
time and all that manipulating and
deceiving people seems to be really
difficult and convoluted and I don't
know if you could maintain that over any
long period of time so getting other
people interested in you or invested in
you seems to be the best way to do it I
think that any moral system that can
succeed will have a higher likelihood of
succeeding if more people adopt said
moral system right the more people that
share your moral system the more likely
it is that that system will succeed and
I think that for my moral system I think
it's easy to get people interested or
invested in it because it keeps other
people invested in you so yeah so like
that so basically then the question is
like so these are for like questions of
policy if somebody says like can we tax
rich people to help education you know
well the question is if I can trade off
a little bit of my money or greatest
some of my money to make it so that more
people in my country are more educate
it's probably going to make the entire
country better off so businesses will do
better because we've got a more educated
population there'll be less crime less
social ills right like people getting
locked out people killing each other
right stuff like that yeah well because
yeah because like a very high-level
question very applied question is that
like what I asked you earlier what makes
it okay for you to kill animals but not
people well I take a I have a borderline
sociopathic approach to all of my morals
and ethics because I'm only
self-interested but most people don't
share my position I think that most
people should be vegan because I think
that most people empathetically or
intuitively would would tend towards
veganism if they thought it out yeah
because well cuz like you we can do it
like give me an example like why do you
think it would be okay to kill an animal
but not a person like what's your
rationale for that okay if you start
thinking about it it's a really
difficult rabbit hole to run down the
classic so I look at this from like what
I look at like a lot of things from from
like a myth or sort of like what our
culture is based on the standpoint right
so the religious argument like the
Christian argument would be well god
created animals to be this is the only
solid or even I came out is like I don't
perceive it but like let's say God
couldn't animals
in order to be subservient to human
beings and so that and told people that
you could use them as you will that
gives you sort of a higher authority to
sort of like make it okay but I think on
like a purely moral or ethical basis
it's very hard to justify Sheriff from
the Godwin is a hundred percent
foolproof like God whatever God tells
you is right because
I can actually like maybe say I would be
able to mount if I like was like
seriously trying to beat that defeat
this chocolate like because I don't
personally believe that I just I have
like a very low level opinion on this
right which is like I eat meat because
it's good and because I wouldn't make
the trade-off of animal lives right yeah
so so that's my that's just uh-huh
yeah acknowledging that the cost to the
world or whatever is probably greater um
and maybe like you know the hundreds and
hundreds of chickens that I've eaten
their amount and particular I eat almost
too many meals a day really easily have
like chicken or beef fish or chicken and
things like that in addition to like
vegetables and stuff so I'd say I eat
more meat than the average person but
okay it's totally unacceptable yeah
because unless you're a bigot you need
to have some way to justify why your
inconsistency is acceptable but another
person's inconsistency isn't so but you
would judge other people that would
violate their moral principles or being
inconsistent so so let's say a guy comes
into your house and he walks in and he
steals your computer and you look at
that guy and you say hey you can't just
steal my [ __ ] and the guy goes I know I
probably shouldn't steal it but the
amount of personal satisfaction that I'm
gonna get from stealing your thing is
actually like really high to me and I
just don't really want to think about
why I shouldn't so I'm just kind of
being inconsistent yeah but both of you
have inconsistencies in your moral code
but you've decided that his
inconsistency is unacceptable but yours
is acceptable because then killing
something arguably one is worse
depending on and it's not the stealing
I'm you're kind of directly contributing
to the death of something though you
katar if you go to a store and you buy a
chicken you're eating something that
otherwise wouldn't have been killed if
you would know
on a very very low well but you're part
of that demand but you still are white
so like Hitler okay we hear actually
okay sure so let me let me let me this
is how we do this how I do a more log of
it okay so I'm gonna take what you just
said and I'll apply that to another
thing and I'll see if you feel the same
way okay let's say that and I use
hyperbolic examples because it
illustrates the absurdity of the
argument so let's say that you have got
a friend and your friend goes out for
the night and then it comes back you
know like hey did you have fun and guys
like yeah it's like well what did you do
it's like well I went out and I raped a
kid and you're like that's really [ __ ]
up and think I was like okay well what
there is is this giant building downtown
and they bring in like a thousand kids
every month or whatever and we all get
to go and like pick one kid to rape and
would you tell that friend like okay
that's really [ __ ] up and guys like
well I mean like they're bringing in a
thousand kids anyway you know I'm just
one out of a thousand people there they
do these in a lot of different cities
like I don't think it's necessarily that
big of a deal if I'm just doing it a
little bit like it's you know the kid
somebody else probably would have right
to rid of it right okay so basically
what I've done is I'm just so when I'm
doing is I'm extracting your template
your template was this thing might be a
moral wrong but I'm only a really small
part of it therefore I ought be allowed
to do it right that's that's the
template that I got from your initial
argument this context will but so a
template is a regardless anyway I don't
see how I'm being very different from
any other you're not necessarily there's
tons of people that are because I'm not
gonna let you mount a successful defense
just because you have feel the need to
defend well you're not literally raping
children it's a comparison it's arguably
a lesser scale depending on how you look
at it because on one you're just raping
somebody on the other you're actually
murdering something okay put the guy
that goes out to rape the kid is a
directly capturing the kids you're
directly eating an animal you're just
not involved in like the rounding up in
the capturing and the but you're part of
the demand for slaughterhouses by eating
meat you said it yourself you eat tons
of me yeah in a small way but you still
are let's say that I eating chicken was
the difference between chickens being
slaughtered and not being slaughtered I
was the sole arbiter well you the
difference between at least a few
getting slaughtered or not okay but the
scale is such that my contribution or
lack of contribution to that effort it
doesn't matter the insight and I like
chicken enough that I'm gonna just eat
it because I can't do enough of an
impact I can't make enough of a dent in
that economic engine right to to really
influence this so if this is so you
can't just take a template or you can
but it's a super dick level when that's
not the reality of this is my art by for
a whole [ __ ] difference destiny the
whole [ __ ] thing is you live in this
world of like [ __ ] like like The
Hangover style like equations and [ __ ]
this happen the real [ __ ] world isn't
like that I know I acknowledge it is
like no no I totally listen it's no no I
ain't okay listen chill okay take a deep
breath okay I acknowledge even I am NOT
like 100% perfectly [ __ ] consistent I
don't wake up every day and robot out
like the most consistent moral way to
live my life right I acknowledge there's
a difference between like the 100%
theoretical arguments versus the
pragmatic reality we live in right okay
because when I'm having an argument
we're always pushing for the ideal
that's what I'm pushing for like what is
the ideal position right and then you
okay sure but the relevant thing is that
the problem is that when we have
inconsistencies and our morals that
inconsistency is going to be borne out
in an incredibly negative way and in
some other thing that we don't realize
that's the problem with inconsistencies
so like yes it's not no no no no we're
not talking about objectively I'm just
talking about having an object like a
consistent moral platform that if your
mobile platform is inconsistent it leads
to these other types of externalities
that cause everybody harm but you can
get a lot closer to it because what do
you mean to get closer and closer well
no because practical application changes
over time as you push towards an idea
but it changes over time as you push
towards the ideal it's not well so far
in society unless you're like a
postmodernist you I would argue that it
does that for instance things like black
people living with white people right
where it's not pretty sure as [ __ ] isn't
perfect now but it's a lot better than
when we have slavery or when they
weren't allowed to vote so even though
like like like people could have made
this argument okay say we make black
people not slaves
all of them are poor all of our [ __ ]
dumb they're not educated what's the
point is he's gonna be a disaster like
why don't we like we could argue to keep
the status quo you would argue okay well
no black people aren't gonna be the same
as white people overnight but over time
you know a society integrates and people
figure things out like we'll approach
like a better sending with gay marriage
same thing with any other issue like
that animal eating is a really
complicated thing too I don't see how
reaching a consistent moral platform on
this animal issue
is gonna like solve the lake or or or
necessarily driven drive this to a more
well on this particular issue it might
not but no no and I said on this
particular issue it's fine I'm just
saying that if at the end of an issue if
at the enemy issue your statement is I
have an unjustified belief and you know
it's just that's that then what you've
kind of said is that at the end of that
argument we have to carry forward that
to every other area of our life we can't
just isolate things that you're
basically saying or you're working under
this this presupposition that I can have
an unjustified belief and it's not a big
deal which is a little different
and I can see that argument whereas if
there is a strong impact I can make such
as on a social issue like do you kill
people or not right and that is
something I certainly have a very strong
moral position on either way because
that is going to impact humanity in a
very positive or negative way so I so I
think for me to capitulate on the issue
where we've acknowledged that I have
less of an ability to impact it by scale
is more appropriate than if I take that
to that position hypocritically with
okay so like it so like would you say
that like you would vote for like
senators and stuff that we're saying
that we need to make meat-eating illegal
and we should move towards veganism sure
I want to maximize my impact on things
that understand sure okay yeah can be
yeah depending on how way you apply that
to what because while you're technically
morally hypocritical you're doing so
with a sort of conscious acknowledgement
that you can focus on things you have
greater impact it kind of yeah
you just have to be careful cuz I can
lead you to some scary places people
would make same same argument about
climate change you can but again those
sure I guess like for what I do I like
to be able to argue with some degree of
moral authority so when I say that what
I mean is like I have a consistent or
some is consistent as it can be a
platform from which to argue why you
ought do something or ought not do
something so if I'm gonna argue about
like a social issue like should we have
socialized healthcare right
I can build I can build my argument from
Ground Zero from I only care about
myself that's like my basic like
axiomatic belief I can build socialized
healthcare up all the way from that and
I can do that it with all morals that I
have but if I argue with somebody that
hasn't thought they're any of their
positions and they've got like really
strong but unjustified beliefs on that
it makes it hard for me to engage that
person in conversation and they're never
gonna convince me of anything right and
then if I were to attack somebody with
an unjustified moral position then
there's no reason they should listen to
me right let's say that I have four or
five very strong I'm perfectly okay with
you disregarding my entire whatever you
would call it knowledge base animal
stuff because I've said that myself
I've introspectively identified that
that's it so there's just to be clear
these are two very different positions
the idea that I haven't spent the time
needed to be introspective on this
position or I don't have this position
thought out enough to have a strong
opinion on it that's different than I
totally acknowledge that I'm being a
huge hypocrite here and I'm just
inconsistent those are two really
different positions well not necessarily
no no so like for instance like
