all right well how you doing buddy I'm
doing well
are we like yeah we're live oh yeah
don't solve it like hey I was going
pretty good
alright alright um I guess just for my
audience you wanna go ahead and
introduce yourself and all that jazz I'm
Amos key I'm the guy who has been
stirring [ __ ] up within the skeptic
community by being by supporting
pedophilia trying to eliminate age of
consent laws for sex
legalizing child pornography and ending
discrimination for pedophiles people who
are sexually attracted to children so
yeah gotcha all right
well I like philosophical debates and it
seems like a lot of people have a lot of
difficulty discussing things that make
them uncomfortable and what could be
more uncomfortable to discuss them
pedophilia so it sounds like exactly it
sounds like a fun conversation so I
guess if if there's anything if there's
something else gonna get our way we
could just hop right into it um oh I
just want to say like without a doubt
you don't think I'm a troll alright um
I'm not too sure I mean I've looked at a
little bit of your stuff it's really
hard for me to say but I don't really
care if you're trolling or not I think
it's an interesting idea to engage with
regardless and a lot of people seemed
ill-equipped to do it so yeah that's
wonderful because like all the big
youtubers like Andy borsky illogic Jeff
holiday like sargon of akkad
they've all been falsely claiming that
I'm a troll which I'm not I'm perfectly
genuine with my opinions I think that
that's just a way to weasel out of a
discussion about this since I think
they're kind of incompetent in dealing
with it yeah sure that's entirely
possible and that's how I would assume
that when it comes to people like Sargon
or Andy so yeah that's not yeah yeah but
like I said to go back to you know
really whether or not you're trolling I
don't really care I'm more interested in
the discussion so okay before so before
we start I just want to define on
something so that we can all say that
we're kind of on the same page and
everything okay so firstly just so that
we're on the same page
I'll make the distinction between I know
there's different things it's like
pedophilia and he Bethulia or something
for the
purposes of this conversation or do I
think we're just gonna refer to all
underage sexual relationships with older
people as pedophilia understanding that
a 15 or 16 year old or attraction to a
15-6 knows that necessarily a pedophile
like medically speaking right we'll just
stick with like the legal definition is
that okay or yeah sure okay and then I
understand the distinction that
pedophilia is scientific more medically
speaking is an attraction to a
prepubescent person so if somebody
attractive to a 14 15 16 year old isn't
scientifically or medically like a
pedophile but we'll just stick with that
definition for a consistency sight for
the argument right cool okay so
basically like like a sexual attraction
to anybody below the age of 18 yeah
we'll say age of majority in the United
States is 18 chair we'll just use that
although that is kind of arbitrary
because moving on to the next point
I'm just so I understand your position
you're arguing that all age of consent
laws should be abolished that a 2 or 3
year old could sufficiently engage with
sexual activity engage in sexual
activity with somebody that's 20 30 40
years old right yes absolutely I would
say I'm sexual penetration perhaps not
until the age of 7 or something but
sexual acts definitely okay I got you
all right just so that we're on the same
page okay so for my moral system and I
think that most people would agree with
this acts are generally considered to be
considered as morally neutral
unless you're given an argument for why
something shouldn't be done so in the
realm of like pedophilia for instance
this is something that you would regard
as a morally neutral act unless you give
a reason why it shouldn't be done
because that's typically how we approach
you you know I'm making value statements
about things so I believe that the onus
would be on me to present a reason why I
believe that pedophilia
is an immoral action rather than
pedophilia is the default and then you
have to provide a reason or its default
bad and you have to provide a reason why
it's good so then I'll be giving an
argument for why I believe it's immoral
and then I'm kind of curious to hear
your response to that sweet oh I just
like to confirm like are we live because
I don't see the video on YouTube that's
live like okay I'm sorry I'm actually a
youtuber just like a little thing I do
on the side I'm actually a Twitter
streamer if you go to this website this
is where I'm at right now or this is my
website I'd type both here on discord II
see it
yeah okay so basically you're like I can
after the stream if I want a mirror to
being on my channel I'll just um like
download it from there
yeah if you want to yeah sure okay cool
but we're definitely alive right now yep
yeah we are yeah if you go to that
twitch site you'll be able to see me
alright that works that works
alright let's dance okay um okay so so
why I think pedophilia is all right well
yeah basically um there's absolutely
nothing wrong with having a sexual
attraction to children and pure sexual
acts with the children like you know
making out with them you know casual
touching of genitals I think it's
perfectly fine and the fact is that
there's definitely discrimination
involved in terms of saying that that
act is completely very harmful and I
think if it's perfectly consensual and
it's not abuse or manipulative in that
kind of relationship then it should not
be considered harmful and so if we just
strip away the human rights of adults to
have sexual you know sexual interaction
with children then yeah that's that's
just that stripping away their human
rights taking away somebody's rights to
enjoy something that's completely
harmless that is yeah the epitome of
discrimination and authoritarianism sure
so okay so I have two syllogisms that I
kind of want to run through to get to
the conclusion where pedophilia is
immoral and I just want to talk through
these and you can tell me you can tell
me what-what you agree or disagree with
so I'm going to do my first syllogism
has three premises and then a conclusion
and then the second one we want to that
so the first thing that I want to talk
about is whether or not children are
capable of giving informed consent and
this may or may not be where we disagree
with the most so yeah so my first so
holiday kind of touched on this but I
think he was missing a little bit out of
this but this will be probably what most
of our discussion is centered on so so
my first so my first thing I would say
is that informed consent means that both
sides are able to weigh the short-term
and long-term ramifications of an action
do you think that's an okay definition
for informed consent sure okay I would
say that as it exists so
it's important to recognize the
distinction between how we would wish
society would act and how society exists
today so I would say that as exist in
society today sexual activity carries
long term ramifications would you agree
or disagree with that
you're saying that every action contains
long term ramifications well
specifically I would say that sexual
activity today carries long term
ramifications oh yeah sure you can say
that for every activity all right
well not necessarily on for instance a
child playing with a set of Lego blocks
probably won't carry on long term
ramifications playing a few keys on a
piano probably won't getting a life
altering surgery like female genital
mutilation or male genital mutilation or
something like that okay right would be
long-term ramifications so I draw a
distinction okay that's what I get so
with sexual activity especially in
regard to sexual activity there are
social stigmas that are carried along
with sexual activity along with possible
mental or personal trauma that could or
could not occur with with sexual
activity right I'm not saying it happens
every single time but that it could
happen right of course of course
okay but yeah I think I should stop you
right there because I think you're
you're just defining I'm assuming what
you're trying to imply is that basically
if a child if you want a child to
consent to sex yes be completely
informed in his decision to consent the
sex
yeah a little bit completely real quick
I mean if we agree in these two that
this is my next this would be my next
part of my premise that is that would be
children are incapable of weighing the
long-term ramifications of sexual
activity and then they would disagree or
agree with that long-term ramifications
of sexual activity I would I think that
there hmm some of them might not be fun
but some of them could have you think
there exists do you sure but do you
think there exists a four-year-old child
that is capable of weighing the
long-term emotional or mental
ramifications of sexual activity on this
planet of for a four or five-year-old
very unlikely I'll give you that
sure hmm but yeah and I think that the
argument completely falls apart for you
because I think that you think that you
need to be completely informed of an
action before you're able to consent to
it and I'm going to make the argument
that no you do not have to be completely
informed of an action you know to be
able to consent to it
for instance yeah do you want to do an
away for like two seconds because that's
actually my next syllogism and then we
can hop right into that I sure so the
conclusion on my first syllogism that is
that children are incapable of giving
informed consent and it sounds like we
both agree on that we're not at a moral
condemnation of pedophilia yet we just
agree that children aren't really
capable of giving informed consent to
sexual activity right that no I'm not
I'm not gonna make a broad
generalization that all children can't
give consent
especially informed consent especially
since we're already referring to
children as people below the 18 okay
post pubescent children definitely and
younger children less likely but yeah
I'm not gonna give the broad
generalization that all of them can't
consent do you think it would be fair we
importance that sure we can narrow this
a little bit to make it less ambiguous
what if we narrowed this part of the
argument to just children under the age
of 13 so like an 11 or 12 year old
wouldn't be able to give informed
consent to having sexual activity I
don't know or I'll give it to you so you
can try I think that a 5 or a 6 year old
person would be able to give we'd have
an L understanding or would have it
would have a good understanding of the
long-term ramifications of sexual
activity with a 30 or 40 year old the
long term like I'm talking like like
some type of mental ramification or
emotional ramification so for instance a
child engages in sexual activity at the
age of five and then later when they're
13 or 14 they start to have regrets
about it or they wish they hadn't done
that do you think that that yeah but
that's basically a possibility for any
kind of action really so kind of but if
it's an action where you didn't really
have the capability how that sexual is
it kind of goes back another informed
consent thing they wouldn't we would
expect them to understand like what the
ramifications of that action were versus
like comparing it's like a 22 year old
buying a car
and then regretting it three years later
well it was within their faculty to do
all of the necessary research to know if
they wanted to keep the car or not
whereas a four or five or six year old
we wouldn't really expect them to have
developed the mental faculty yet to
understand whether or not that sexual
activity they were engaging with would
be condemned by society or not it would
make them otherwise feel uncomfortable
at you know as they approach their
pubescent reowww
that really depends on like the sexual
activity because I'm assuming that um I
think I think Bureau you're under the
broad generalization that every sexual
activity is like you know it has a huge
impact on the child and it will have
really long-term emotional consequences
I doubt that I would consider like
bathing a sexual activity I would
consider like you know a kid happily
touching adults dick after um the child
after the parent gives him candy as a
sexual activity and those are completely
harmless and I don't think it has the
huge emotional ramifications that you
are implying that sexual activities
would have so so moving on to it so we
can revisit the second premise because
now it seems that you disagree with this
one which is fine so the second premise
was as it exists in society today sexual
activity carries long term ramifications
so you would say that let's say that an
adult male gives a child or it doesn't
really I will say don't mail because
it's got a peanut or whatever an adult
person with a penis gives a child some
candy and that child fondles the
person's penis in exchange for the candy
right you would argue that that action
carries no long-term ramifications um
actually in exchange for the candy um
well it really depends on the
circumstance but I'm I'm assuming in
that harmless little story that you give
probably know when you say
yep similar to how um I mean many people
are around the kid then like perhaps
perhaps a kid the people will pressure
they get into thinking that it's harmful
I would disagree but let's say it's
about some of the problems that you're
when you as you go into this and I
understand you doing it as an adult but
when you say things like well it depends
on the circumstance what you're showing
me is that you as an adult are able to
distinguish between times when it would
okay and not okay and my argument goes
back to informed consent that a child
would never be able to distinguish when
it is okay or not okay yeah and my
argument is that you don't it's not
about being informed when you give the
consent that's completely irrelevant
it's more of whether or not there is
harm involved in the action you see you
guys have a problem when a baby you know
kit comes over and you know in exchange
for candy you know touches the adults
face but let's instead of the face the
kid touches the dick instead and then
you guys have a problem but why should
there be a problem they're completely
harmless because the problem is that
sexual activity in society today carries
a much different ramification with it
than non sexual activity so for instance
we could say that these two actions are
equivalent right it's just the child
touching the skin of another person and
we might be able to make that statement
in a vacuum but in society as it exists
today if I tell my friend that I want to
touch his face he might look at me
strangely and let me do it but if I tell
him that I want to touch his penis there
would be a much different interaction
there right because these are debts hmm
but that's really that's really not
because touching a dick like touching
the face is harmful it's just because
society first you've said it's such and
I think it's way more accurate if you
want to determine whether or not an
action is harmful or not not to you know
consider you know society because
obviously society doesn't affect whether
or not it's harmful or not if the action
itself that we need to look at so I feel
like if you want to make this argument
so I will I will say that in certain
hypothetical worlds your argument may be
correct but the problem is that I think
that when you're weighing the
ramifications of an action you have to
take into account how society will
respond to that basically saying that
okay in the 70s you know gays are we're
being discriminated but would use but
will you now say that oh during the 70s
revealing that you are a gay and having
sex with a gay man is wrong
then the society argument I think just
because you know society is backwards
and II don't consider the action wrong
good at that time therefore it can be
considered wrong I think it's very
flawed so I agree with you that an
appeal to tradition to determine whether
or not something is morally right or
morally condemnable is bad I would never
use an appeal to a tradition what I'm
talking about right now though is the
very real kind of like mental
consequence of doing something that that
that society kind of bucks so for
instance and going back to the gay
example they are using a tradition so
well it sounds like that but going back
to the gay example for instance even if
society is fully against you know
homosexual relationships it is entirely
possible that to informed and consenting
men could engage in a consensual
homosexual relationship maybe they would
have to keep it hidden from society or
something so that they wouldn't find out
but to them like no personal damage or
whatever would be caused right because
they're capable of engaging in that
relationship in making all the necessary
considerations to engage in that
relationship
yeah as it stands today because of our
societal views on sex it doesn't seem
like children are capable of engaging in
in those kinds of sexual relationships
because they can't weigh the pros and
cons em I guess like if I were to draw
like a like a similar thing to try to
make your analogy fit more so like we
could look at like interracial
relationships maybe could we do that as
a stand-in instead of gay relationships
I could say interracial relationships
well what do you mean by that
so like well since people used to say
interracial relationships are wrong
wouldn't you say that then because
Society says interracial relationships
are wrong that they shouldn't be allowed
to do that or whatever well yeah I
wouldn't say that just because society
considers those relationships wrong
doesn't mean they're they shouldn't be
allowed to do it sure
so like let's say that there was a so
the this analogy is getting incredibly
hypothetical by like let's say that
there was a an actual punishment there
was an actual punishment for somebody
engaging in friendship with a with
somebody of a different race or whatever
right let's say that that exists right
that
if an adult if a 45 year old person of a
race were to engage in a friendship with
a five year old person of a race I would
I would say that to some extent that's
an immoral behavior on the part of the
adult even though there's nothing
necessarily wrong with interracial
relationships because the child isn't
able to fully understand the
ramifications of engaging in that
relationship that the relationship
itself might not be wrong but that that
