oh my god dude Crowder versus the um he
got so triggered I come oh my god he got
so triggered by this kid the only reason
Crowder does these debates is because he
wants to show people how to debate the
left and he always does it
he always does it at the end where he's
like see guys this is what they try to
do oh my I need to find this guy did
this guy message me or did we find his
Twitter I don't remember um why do I
feel like I had Konica this guy this guy
annihilated alright this guy annihilated
Crowder and Crowder just ended up
resorting to like crying like oh well
you called me am you said I was owed to
stick he got like real mad socialism is
fundamentally evil and how this here we
little represents but sources in case
one wants look at them afterward but I
don't think use it's not fair from using
so I believe socialism is evil we
disagree are loving here you take this
you're cheating them on I make sure okay
yeah you know what my last minute
because we're necessarily friendly here
uh it you supporting us we conceal
immigration there's something we often
see from both the right in the left so
we start with the premise reminisce
statement socialism is evil right he
moved on to different uestion of
different topics so I'd like to first
before move on okay let's define
socialism in what what do you think I
mean by evil what do we both agree we
morally reprehensible immoral okay so so
as we both agreed socialism is basically
a collective a governmental control
while the distribution or the means of
distribution of production
when I say people that is immoral okay
so what part of my position do you
disagree with again going to change my
mind not score points well I try to give
in to you that your own objectives if
you're conservative not be achieve under
capitalism okay an example yeah you have
a lot of Republicans like Paul Ryan who
are struggling you can't deny that he is
a big capitalist and he has lots of
capital of donors they would like
nothing more than to increase their
profits I think you can do that and
people like that have been opposing
immigration reform for decades because
they believe that mass immigration will
lower the wages of the working class you
can create their profits now I would say
a lot of Peterson is correct and that
many conservatives Republicans believe
that mass immigration from countries
like say Mexico from third world
countries could lower the wages to pay
$15 an hour we wouldn't have a mass
emigration like robbing right now yeah
so let me kind of go because first off
before I can take that hold it
what example we point you before we go
on I don't know if it's great successful
socialist country I love the pivot here
I love this pivot it is so [ __ ] slimy
he's such a slimeball so the kid makes a
very compelling argument by the way you
ever want to [ __ ] on a libertarian
because libertarians are the dumbest
[ __ ] on the internet this is a fun
way when somebody says their libertarian
hears that they're actually telling you
I want to smoke weed but I also don't
want to pay taxes [ __ ] poor people [ __ ]
brown people
I just want my [ __ ] weed and I'm
probably cool with like hookers dude
[ __ ] but also don't [ __ ] tax me okay
cuz [ __ ] social programs that's
essentially what a libertarian is now
when you approach a libertarian and you
actually talk to them about what it
means to be a libertarian for instance
if you're a libertarian and you're not
for open borders probably not a
libertarian okay because an important
part of libertarian it's the free
movement of labor in order for the
market to perform as efficiently as
possible so you'll get a lot of Crowder
types that will pretend like oh yeah I'm
huge open market free market free market
free American it's like okay free market
so why do you want to restrict the flow
of Labor from one country to another
hmm right this is the trap that he just
got caught in so with the kid is trying
to demonstrate us hey you say that
you're big on on capitalism you say that
you're big on on these kind of like
libertarian esque
ideals well how do you explain the fact
that by supporting Republicans
Republicans huge capitalists are
advocating for the movement of cheap
labor from Mexico into our country which
theoretically could cause you know wages
to fall between below amongst native
workers right what do you think
qualifies someone is intelligent having
a reasonable thought process but and I
think Crowder realized that he was
walking into that trap so now we pivot
to this incredibly vacuous position of
where they're successful where they're
successful socially country Venezuela is
dying right now we pivot to this stupid
[ __ ] topic there's a really great
example of playing a god shoe with the
fact as well when he talks about some
Scandinavian countries having no minimum
wage for a few for few or maybe even all
of these countries he's right but their
union markets are much different there
are very powerful unions in at least
some Scandinavian countries I want to
say it's in Norway is the one that I
look this up because I was in I was
interested in this no minimum wage thing
to so while they don't have minimum wage
the reason why they don't have minimum
wage isn't because they want to be able
to pay workers very little it's actually
because the unions don't want minimum
wage because they think it would hurt
their ability to bargain with the with
the with the capital owners right this
is an incredibly disingenuous point but
again when you're when you're [ __ ]
Crowder all you're looking for is
gotchas is it Sweden it might be Sweden
instead yes I need to find a friend
first off away from the premise does the
moral argument I believe socialism is
immoral the redistribution of something
that you have not earned
I believe it's fundamentally immoral
then we'll go in so now we've done from
that to the pragmatic and no I'm not an
anarchist and then you brought up some
successful samples in Denmark Norway
Sweden I believe first of these aren't
social countries no the reason we pointy
countries like Cuba this
Bernie Sanders did for decades it's
because they're true examples of
socialism the Danish Prime Minister said
Bernie stop referring to us the
socialist economy we're a free-market
economy they don't have a living wage as
we know it they only allow collective
bargaining between unions higher-skilled
unions and those are their employers so
these are countries by the way flowing
in their immigration laws I'm the only
way to make it work if you're for those
countries and sounds almost like making
are you uh are you a nationalist see
part ways with a lotta probably or if
you're more left-leaning brother okay so
you're conservative socialist directly
hard to come on so don't even waste it
but it doesn't change the idea yeah
before we move on I'd be happy to but I
believe it's socialism the ISM that we
both agree upon the collective means
seizing of distribution production is
immoral I mean the argument absurd
because if you say there's immoral and
you also have to say the government
funding of police of the moral
government funding the military is
immoral anything the government does is
any more on that ridiculous but you have
to have some state that's going to
socialize certain things and so the
questions not do we have socialization
is how much sure
um I because the route that would you
know where I disagree with that guess
what I would say I assume you're gonna
try to argue the government funding of
the military police is not socialism why
would I say that I think you're right if
I if I have to concede that police force
are you saying police force military
roads is socialism the same as health
care education I'm summing up I your
friend to Denmark and Sweden not so much
economies they have more social safety
net that's kind of you're talking about
right well they're their market
economies with higher emphasis on social
safety no that's okay we've really turn
let's go so for the Marseillaise let me
confuse I'm gonna crack so let's change
of anything but um we just talked about
this
conceding the ground I don't believe it
the military and the police force would
be the same as socialized health care
school why not sorry I'm the only one
microphone we had someone wants to
debate destiny Holly give me a second to
finish this shitshow and then I'll do it
why not because it's a difference
creating public good and a commodity and
you explain to me the everything
publicly in a commodity so that would
include things like the police the
military you'd be hard for us to define
hardcore libertarians that we don't need
those so there's a big difference
there's a fun little thing that and
something like health care or school
it's or it goes to free internet as you
know cenk if you're talking about
Germany now high-speed air that is right
there suddenly declare any commodity to
be a right or to be formal role of
government that means the government
cannot remove that right depending on
who's in power and that's the problem
that's why I think it's fundamentally
immoral for someone to take something
they haven't earned
regardless me the power I think
I wish I could challenge right well the
reason why we don't want the government
to declare is something right it's
because then the government could take
it from you okay cool
well let's contrast that with the idea
that if a corporation provides it to you
a corporation can take it from you now
one of these is held accountable by the
public one of them isn't held
accountable by the public which one is
better in this circumstance [ __ ] that
would be I would love to hear I'm trying
to squirm around that question oh well
uh uh free-market uh
can always provide okay cool why is it
that in like 50 percent of markets
there's only one viable ISP in any given
market right if you don't start
comparing like mobile providers which is
what they did for the big thing that
said that everybody's got at least three
ISPs to choose from which was [ __ ]
or shitty DSL lines right you probably
will be first public good versus
commodity now there's important sinks
for everyone here to make because of the
comment we hear from left view support
any role of government at all that means
this is socialism but it's not according
to definition that we'd refund something
else I think it also matters of
constitutional parameters of government
right what the Constitution defines what
no it's not you talk about
redistributing the redistribution the
common means of production or
distribution so if you want to frame
that in I certainly wouldn't say that
that's the police the military police
would be socialists but um don't move on
so what the kid said is literally true
if you pay for a police force you're
probably paying more if you're more
wealthy if it's taxed on property
because a more expensive property at the
same percentage is gonna be more money
if you're taxed on income right we have
a progressive even if you're playing a
flat tax which we don't we have a
progressive taxation system do you even
playing a flat tax
you're more you're paying more if you're
more wealthy right so no even even the
even the public goods that you talk
about here are being taken
disproportionately from wealthy people
to distribute it to poor people Denmark
Norway Sweden successful examples of
socialism because I would become your
definition of socialism and I think the
idea there taking something you haven't
earned to give it someone else is
morally reprehensible
regardless of the reason because social
and can only be enacted to the threat of
violence that's really what taxes are at
the end of the day we all agree on that
okay well I don't believe any part of
life or someone with guns to come in if
I don't pay for timeat healthcare
justice bream is that okay the gut I
mean violence is a part of life for
[ __ ] everything who enforces anything
from from a private business right well
likely if you violate something for the
private business of rivaling
he's private property how are you gonna
how you're gonna secure that property
what a dumb [ __ ] point to bring up I
hate this guy he's so dumb this IDs
Crowder has lost the argument and he
knows it so now because the kid called
him autistic which he shared up cuz
crowd no you shouldn't I'm sorry cuz
that's a mean word you should never say
that okay but because the kid used this
insult Crowder is going to focus on this
for the rest of the conversation cuz he
is totally out of his [ __ ] depth
because he's talking to somebody they
can actually question him past like one
or two levels of like what he's capable
of talking about look at how smug the
studios cuz he knows that he knows that
Crowder is totally [ __ ]
[Music]
thanks myself it's like you have a
non-aggression principle until you
brought that up
- final toothpick here well it tends to
be characterized by an over over
emphasis on logic and philosophy the
poster reality you know it's very easy
to argue from syllogisms and axioms and
all that because paragraphs we didn't I
don't think he said anything there that
was confusing when he used the term
autistic as an insult he's saying it's
somebody that theorizes government from
from concepts and theories and axioms
instead of like the pragmatic
implementation of said government right
I don't think that was too confusing to
follow if you're a youtuber then I was
[ __ ] two million [ __ ] subs nothing
that he said there should be too
confusing for you to understand right
what is crowder 2.3 million subs or some
[ __ ]
2.4 million that you shouldn't have gone
over you but okay buddy autism if i'm
not mistaken and i would love for you
bring this up is really more in
philosophy and theology than theology
that's what you believe so I want to go
back hopefully keeping it civil you know
I wouldn't call you [ __ ] you know I
wouldn't say that you do this let's keep
this very simple so looking back to
Sweden Denmark Norway as examples you
pointed to them a successful example of
social he said I know you wanna point to
the USSR Venezuela or these places but
really we should be Scandinavian
countries why between the working class
in the upper class there is a commitment
of the state okay so first off I agree
with you first off the overall
well-being systems in tremendous thing I
think we don't want anyone here wants a
better society wants a better America I
don't think that you want any worse
America I hope you don't believe I want
worse America despite the fact you
implant I might be autistic I think I
don't know what's best for America
[Music]
to office campus but URIs your reasoning
there and correct me when you said there
isn't the same kind of job the
inequality gap that was your I want to
speak and lawn repair does see the fun
meant frames there was Denmark Norway
Sweden they're examples because our
success with a higher quality of living
in the main purpose you in desperation
use where there's less inequality gap am
I correct I when I was urban again okay
so your problem is gonna call oh shoot
holding any one second hold on what's
immoral about inequality and everybody
has social obligations but if you have a
situation where people are being prosper
people are going down so what he's
actually saying is actually like
empirically true [ __ ] we should well
someday we'll go over this on unstrained
maybe tonight but like income inequality
is actually like a good predictor of
like crime and whatnot it's actually a
bad thing in and of itself I didn't used
to believe this but but then I got
linked to it like a meta-analysis showed
this income inequality in and of itself
is actually a bad thing I wasn't aware
of that before but Crowder makes a lot
of good points and when he does Steven
you should say Sian Crowder hasn't made
a single good point for anything what
tell me a good point that you think that
Crowder made here and I'll address it
yeah
Crowder has no idea what the [ __ ] he's
talking about he's literally giving you
babbies first introduction to autism Oh
libertarianism that's that's essential
he's doing government bad social bad and
all probable ISM good and everything
that's that's the only thing Crider said
this entire time if you think he's made
a good point I would love to hear it he
was explaining but we've cut him off you
[ __ ] inbred Tommy no but I would
argue that they're two very different
things because I would say and I think
probably agree that the free enterprise
westernized capital system is but more
people operating system existence and if
you look at countries he said don't
point to cut you like as well or true
socialist economies
there's romanís equality but everyone is
equally poor um so the problem you have
is with poverty it sounds like I think
we both have a problem that we want
solve ways to eliminate as much poverty
as possible it's not just poverty and
quality matters too because if you have
inequality of wealth you're gonna have
an upper class that control the
political system and security it's only
interest aside the interest of the
people
okay well a lot of the time you are
trying to align yourself with this point
of view you choose not to see what he's
trying to say tell me what I'm not
seeing please tell me what I'm please
please tell me what I'm not seeing
please tell me let's say people are you
know I think because beginner leftist
view anything you're not really liberal
but I can tell you by your role in
economics that you Dooley more left me
the zero-sum game
wealthy people can't get wealthy off of
the back to four people if they make
them more poor that's kind of we're
talking about motives wait okay then why
is it that median real wages have
[ __ ] stagnated in the United States
for so [ __ ] long if that's true give
me a bigger give me a bigger time gap
like Christ median wages in the US have
been oh my god and this in this axis
city has anything about a huge have
stagnant for like [ __ ] 30 years what
the [ __ ] what what you're saying this is
the big problem that I haven't a lot of
conservatives is they don't actually not
only I they're wrong and everything not
only are they theoretically incorrect
because their philosophy and their
political theory is so shallow and I
don't know any political theory and I
know that but they're also empirically
incorrect they're demonstrably wrong
like look at the [ __ ] data right we
have massive studies that show how
immigration impacts native wages we have
the data on the median real wages of
American workers its stagnated for a
long [ __ ] time we can see the gap
between productivity in real wages
rising and not wages adjusted for
