I think it's very cute right here notice
how notice how palpable palatable
notice how palatable he's packaged the
idea of separate races here notice how
the only traits that he lists are in
arguable traits and traits that aren't
controversial listen there is six
including but not limited to skin colour
and facial features notice how those are
the only two of the D lists right
nothing controversial but just oh yeah
different people have different skin
color and facial features
therefore yeah that's funny that's cute
I like that nice gem be more or less
frequent in subpopulations depending on
whether your ancestors came from one
continent or another in this case why
you stood at the characteristics would
make it possible to try someone's
ancestry back to a continent or to a
specific population as can sisters in
the past this is what we call a cluster
a genetic distribution as opposed to a
random one such clusters are present in
human populations which confirms the
exit yeah he said they're not limited to
that so he leaves it open-ended enough
for racists to agree with right oh yeah
and other characteristics such as IQ
cognitive ability he of course of course
he doesn't actually like name enough for
anybody to District four he doesn't name
enough word to be offensive but he
leaves it open-ended for like racist
people to cling on to right it's good
distance of races however finding these
clusters merely allowed scientists to
reaffirm our conclusion that races are
real in humans indeed the obvious
observation that the fish right now oh
wow this is really interesting he used a
lot of the rhetoric against me this
video must have been recorded before
last night most of the dialogue because
this read a lot of these same talking
points were used against me this is also
not true hold on
I think these clusters merely allowed
scientists to reaffirm our conclusion
that races are real in you humans he
brought this up yesterday against me or
yesterday two days ago where he said
that um scientists have reaffirmed what
we once thought to be true about race
that's absolutely not true
phrenology I'm sorry phrenology as a
science is completely like debunked this
idea of the racial divisions that we
once believed existed that there are
segments on the skull that are unique to
the Negra reign or some [ __ ] has
absolutely not been verified and if
anything genetic sequencing has given us
like a lot more insight into what we
consider to be races or how
geographic origin works then than what
was ever once thought on that there are
a vast difference between types of black
people types of even Africa and
sub-saharan versus northern Africans
different groups of white people and
whatnot so no that statement is totally
incorrect that we but but again this is
another cute way of ok races however
finding these clusters merely allowed
scientists to reaffirm oh yeah so again
this is something that is packaged very
disingenuously
I love this I love how dishonest the
statement is it's a it's like this is
like such a great lie ok so what we have
is hold on like I think you could do so
much I wish I had better tools to do
this with so what we have is we have a
word okay hold on a meeting all these
and say we have a word okay that means
something okay Tara McCarthy does this
as well with the word right white right
so we have this word that means race
okay so we had all of these ideas about
what what did what were different races
of people you know like black people
were subservient they had the Negro
brain the Negros skull you know we had
all of these traits about black people
and now coming into the future now that
we can sequence genes and what not now
that we have debunked things like
phrenology we actually don't have this
understanding at all you know with this
idea that black people's skulls were
shaped differently or all of this like
this isn't true at all right so but but
we've held on to this one word we've
held on to the word race here so as
we've moved into the fold into the
future using our better understanding of
human biology and human behavior in all
this right we have confirmed that there
are genetic clusters that can be traced
back to geographic origin so you know
these are definitely thing that exists
jf pins this word race and says that
because we believe in races now to some
extent or at least we can verify genetic
clusters biologically that means that we
used to believe that race was a real
thing well all of this is true so he
does two things here is one okay he
makes the message digestible for a new
audience somebody that's not racist
because okay while he said that people
used to believe in a separation of the
races and we do now
so yeah that must be true but he also
makes the message simultaneously
digestible to an audience that is racist
like ah when the past we knew black
people were less than white people we
knew that Asians weren't created we knew
that Jews were very smart and jf is
affirming that we have affirmed our
previous superstar our previous beliefs
with our current research right that
this kind of like intellectual
dishonesty is so dangerous because it's
so effective the way that this is
packaged is really well done I'm in
terms of selling you like a
propagandized message that's total
[ __ ] [ __ ] right it's just this is
a total [ __ ] lie the idea that
modern-day gin modern-day gene
sequencing has reaffirmed like
phrenology or racist thoughts from a
hundred years ago is absolutely
ridiculous
but because he's packaged it in this way
it sounds sellable because of that word
race right yeah that's really
interesting it does it confirms the
existence of races however finding these
clusters merely allowed scientists to
reaffirm our conclusion that races are
real in humans indeed the obvious
observation that the facial features of
Asians whites and black people can be
easily identified and that these
features are irritable is sufficient to
conclude that race realism is true so
again this is such a complicated topic
but he's so good at like selling it in
one word phrases so we can see that
there are differences we can see so if I
make an analogy then this seems absurd
right but so we see that there are
differences in people's faces and skin
right there for races must be true but
the thing is that he's making an
argument for something different and
then and then because he's made an
argument for that difference he
instantly applies it to something else
so what jf is arguing for is that there
are observable differences in people
that's true of course they're observable
differences in people but then he takes
that argument and he somehow applies it
as though it's a justification for the
separation of people into races which is
depending on how you want to approach
that argument isn't necessarily true so
here's an example of this let's say that
I have let's say that I have ten
different pencils okay let's say that
I've got a red pencil a blue pencil a
green pencil you know different types of
colored pencils what I can do is I can
say here i have you know i've got i've
got i want to subdivide these into
different things that that are more
specific than pencil rather than just
color right so what a purse
ago they would say well look look you
can observe you know this is very
different than this you know the green
pencil in the red paths are very
different you like well how they're all
pencils I don't think you know look at
all the observable differences between
these pencils you know these are totally
different things it's like well hold on
that's not necessarily true right just
because the pencil is a different color
doesn't make it not a pencil or a
different subdivision of pencil it's
just a pencil with a different color the
argument that there is something
intrinsically different about these
things like what race realists say and
so far as cognitive function and IQ has
to run a lot deeper than observable
differences on for another really great
example of this so this is one way to
debunk the argument and that he's not
actually making the argument for the
separation of races there's a second way
that we can debunk this argument though
is that we can take the syllogism that
he's created and we can plug different
things into the premises and we can
actually generate conclusions that we
don't agree with so let's listen to the
syllogism moment time the syllogism is
essentially observable differences means
that race is real humans have observable
differences
therefore race is real right hold on so
it's a black people to be easily
identified and that these features are
irritable it's official to conclude that
race realism let me let me we'll listen
to it at our source speed here so that
we can really think about it okay indeed
the obvious observation that the facial
features of Asians whites and black
people can be easily identified and that
these features are irritable is
sufficient to conclude that race reality
is true so just because people have
different identifiable features that in
and of itself according to jf is
sufficient to claim that race realism is
real but race realism doesn't just mean
people look different it implies a whole
lower set of cognitive functions now let
me instead
let me instead take I wish I could use
my own family I don't have pictures of
my family but I could instead take
pictures of a group of people who are
all related to one another okay now of
these people that are related to one
another I could find a lot of shared
features but I could find very different
features as well if we have a great
grandma and a great grandpa you might
see something like a different nose show
up in different family members or a
different pattern of male pattern
baldness or a different height right
that how tall people are the color
blindness from from a grandfather could
be passed down to some children I could
take a family of people who are all
of the same race but I could show you
different observable and irritable
characteristics and then I could plug
that into the same syllogism ago well
look at this group of white people this
white family who all came from the same
grand great grandmother and grandfather
and then all other white people on
breeding with them right well look
there's observable differences in
characteristics some of them are
colorblind some of different patterns of
baldness some of them at different
heights some of them at different colors
of eyes therefore race is real right but
when I plug in but when I plug in family
members there well now all of a sudden
that argument sounds ridiculous we'll
hold on that's actually not true
observable differences in
characteristics isn't and the fact that
those observable differences are
heritable isn't really sufficient
evidence that race is real in the way
that we mean race when we say race
realism does that make sense so this
argument is actually not only it is it
not sound because he's talking about
racial characteristics that run much
deeper than observable differences it's
also internally inconsistent as well
it's not a valid argument it's very sad
that somebody would construct an
argument that a simultaneously unsound
an invalid and then prides himself on
their philosophy you lost me wait what
did I just say that didn't make sense
I'm sorry
wait somebody tell me what I just said
that didn't make sense you lost me at
black people are people okay I'm gonna
assume that most people followed along
you're using words but not providing any
real point my point is that this
argument here is aphasia allowed
scientists to reappear in u.s. observe a
shoe that the facial features of Asians
whites and black people can be easily
identified and that these features are
irritable is sufficient to come fact
that you can identify features that are
heritable that are different between two
people doesn't necessarily prove race
realism because you can take everybody
in the same race and you can identify
features that are heritable but you
wouldn't use that to justify different
races so for instance if I take a
collection of white people and I show
that they have different colors of eyes
or different hair colors you wouldn't
argue oh well these people are different
races even though you've observed
features that are both heritable like
hair color and eye color and height and
you've observed features that are
observable like their hair color their
eye color height you wouldn't therefore
say well we should separate these people
into races
right that's that's what I'm saying I'm
saying that this own argument is
internally inconsistent that it's not
valid the syllogism falls apart when you
plug other things into the premise the
conclusion doesn't logically follow that
okay sorry who that race realism is true
race realism is the statement that races
exist and it should not become funded
with racism the belief in the
superiority of one race over others
because I love this - that their go-to
example of racism is black people
hitting beating up a white person I love
that example what it what an amazing way
to sell this video but black people am I
right or am i right great example that
in the in the history of the United
States the video that we go to is black
people beating up a white person this is
a what it what a well-put-together video
I'm sorry
all right well continue on what it was
because two things can be said to be
different from one another does not mean
that one must be superior to the other
this one goes for human races Westway
let's do not claim that the individuals
within the race are all perfect copies
of each other indeed recipe ends and
recognizes that there are genetic and
behavioral variations within races to
people so when we talk about these
variations right this is where we
pretend that race realists just
acknowledge that everybody is different
but that's not really the claim is it
when we see race real is talking about
the support of an ethnos state usually
they're taught what are the things that
we're talking about we're talking about
the warrior gene from black people we're
talking about the intrinsic stupidity
the low IQ that is heritable amongst all
brown people African American Hispanic
whatever people that aren't white above
European origin right this is what
people like Tara McCarthy you know
explicitly say this is what people like
Lauren whistle dog whistle Lauren
whistle this is what people like Lauren
southern dog whistle when people say
civic nationalism fails and they talk
about needing to create a peer Society
of intelligent high IQ people they're
not usually sick because if the claim
was true that people were just varied
right well then why would we have an
ethnos state we would want different
types of people in a society because we
can all complement one another's
weaknesses right maybe some people excel
at other things some people excel at
other things right well we have these
people in society to complement one
another's differences race realists and
people that use race realism the
descriptive race realism to build the
normative claims that society should be
locked off that races should have their
own place to stay aren't doing this on
the assumption that everybody is
different they're doing an
the assumption that they want to look
out for their own group because they
believe that their own group is
intrinsically superior to another in
some way usually IQ is what people will
talk about here well of a given race can
be quite different on a number of
physical psychological measures race
realism does not specify the number of
races that exist when it is recognized
the categories such as black Asian or
wife can be useful proxies for bloody
pointing to groups of humans with
certain characteristics realism also
recognizes that in principle the own
species could be divided in many more
races up to arbitrarily high numbers
such as fifty or even six hundred
depending on the level of precision that
one is interested in in terms of racing
back specific ancestry to specific
geographical locations west realism does
not claim that any of it was of two
races cannot reproduce together the fact
that mixed race couples exist and can
produce fertile offspring does not mean
that races do not exist contrary to
popular belief rice we also does not
require all features of a race to be
innovated through DNA transmission
between parents and offspring while it
is believed that most characteristics
not an individual including skin color
hair color and like you are even
influenced by DNA it is possible that
other features that distinguish races
may be passed down through generations
the other mechanism such as epigenetics
and differences in the way parents
dedicate their children well it is
possible that many compacts shall be
yours such as parenting abilities are
controlled by the only genes it should
be noted that the rest may disposition
is agnostic concerning the molecular
underpinnings of heritability and
affirming race realism does not require
finding the molecular origins of the
differences between races in summary
race realism is a statement about how
genetic variants are spread through a
population it is not the amoral position
but if actual well it merely states that
the Jessica nice and another another
nice thing that Jeff does here
this has always been my primary concern
my primary condemnation of the way Jeff
conducts himself where he says that race
realism is not a moral position but a
factual one right is firstly we already
presuppose that we've actually proven
race realism which we obviously haven't
in a [ __ ] four minute five minute
video but it's the idea that I'm just
you're telling you just objective facts
you know black people are just kind of
dumb compared to white people's just a
genetic fact now I'm not gonna build any
normative claims off of that I'm not
gonna tell you what we should how we
should treat black people in society I'm
just gonna go here and I'm gonna back up
these claims that are built on shaky
grounds and then I'm gonna let the
actual ethno state people I'll go ahead
and talk about these things ironically
enough while jf himself has come out in
favor of like a québécois ethno state
which I believe there were videos of him
talking about how he wishes there was
one you know we'll ignore the fact that
those videos even exist it's just that
he jumps out and he will comment on this
descriptive knowing that people always
build these philosophical odds off of
this position this foundation that we
should have ethnic eights he'll just
ignore all that um pretend it doesn't
exist
what's wrong with what he's saying if
he's not making any claims about what to
