I'm curious if you hear the sermon once
in America Mexican immigrants face great
challenges often with no knowledge of
the English language and with little
formal education many Mexican immigrants
are compelled to accept low-wage manual
labor jobs and were freaked are
frequently exploited by middlemen who
act as intermediaries between them and
the prospective employers many sought
housing in the older sections of the
large cities were they settled and they
became known as little Mexico is
frequently an overcrowded substandard
tenements which were often dimly lit
with poor heating and ventilation do you
think this is an OK summary of Mexicans
in the United States today yes okay well
I just replaced the word Mexico I
replaced the word Italian with Mexican
these were Italians in the nineteen go
ahead slippery Nick good evening
everybody we are watching America first
my name is Nicholas J Francis and we
have a great show for you tonight a very
exciting debate between myself and
Stephen Bono better known as destiny and
hang out let me check my volumes a
little bit high here so destiny welcome
to the show how are you doing pretty
good how are you done I'm going well I'm
excited so for the audience that is not
aware we had a debate I think it was two
or three weeks ago on the subject of
immigration it was a long one it was a
two-hour debate I thought it was
relatively civil I thought was
relatively reasonable got a little bit
ugly online as it tends to do a little
bit later but your question to come back
on the show and discuss it on you know
obviously you believe there is some
unfinished business here so I'll give
you the floor right out of the gate
let's hear it let's hear your case let's
hear the rematch the the redress of the
first debate sure so basically I kind of
wanted to just go over more or less what
we talked about last time except a
little bit more in depth in each of your
arguments the way that I kind of
envision this happening is I'm going to
try to restate what I believe your
argument is as fairly as possible you
tell me if you agree with it and then
I'll bring up a challenge to it and you
can kind of tell me if you think it's
legitimate or not it's pretty much all I
wanted to do sounds good I'm alright you
want to dive right into it then yeah
let's do it all right so I think I had
like eight or nine different points that
are kind of broke here
argument up into so the first one that
we started off with last time I believe
it was the will of the people argument
yeah this is my summary of your argument
you can tell me if this is fair or not
or if you would amend it the will of the
American people was not represented when
Congress voted on the 1965 Hart cellar
act this immigration reform
fundamentally changed the composition of
America and most people would have been
opposed to that how that information
been made public one may go as far as to
say that this move was actually
subversive and that the will of the
people was intentionally betrayed yes
agreed 100% gotcha so I did a lot of
digging around for this because I was
just kind of curious if this is actually
true or not and I guess not much to my
surprise I really couldn't find any
evidence of this at all I looked at some
polling data at the time I guess so
basically my counter argument was that
the the the composition of America
changed but I don't think there was any
sort of subversive way to do it and I
think it just kind of happened
accidentally I don't think anybody
actually knew how much the composition
of America would change in regards to
the art cellar act passing if I say
anything you disagree would feel free to
stop me
so I have a couple of polls when done
but Harris and one done by Gallup and
both of them show pretty much the same
thing that about seventy percent of
Americans at the time the heart cellar
Act was passed were actually in favor of
judging an immigrant on some
characteristic that wasn't related to
their national origin so only three out
of ten Americans there thirty percent of
Americans were in favor of maintaining
that very strict where does the
immigrant come from quota as part of the
immigration thing as I mentioned before
when we talked about this last time the
bill actually had widespread bipartisan
support seventy-four percent of
Democrats and 85 percent of Republicans
supported this bill and even when
efforts were made to appease I will use
a loaded word to appease some of the
more racist lawmakers such as the
Dixiecrats even when efforts were made
to appease these guys these guys
eventually hopped on and voted for it
and they didn't see any backlash from
any of their constituents later on in
any of their political lives so I guess
my question when I kind of look at this
is how can you honestly say that you
believe that the will of the American
people wasn't represented when both
parts have caught both halves of
Congress the Republican in the Democrat
half and all of the people at the time
in the country seemed to be in favor of
the passage of this act sure well I
think I agreed with the data you know
nothing wrong with the data the problem
I don't think the data contradicts my
claim and I think your summary was a
little bit off you you say that 70
percent from that Gallup poll or a
little bit more than 70 percent said
that they wanted to judge immigrants on
something other than national origin I
don't think that's quite the same as the
particular provisions in the hard sell
or act which were to completely
eliminate the National Origins quota and
additionally to eliminate any kind of
restrictions on the amount of
immigration so those two things I don't
think are I don't think are the same to
to compare those two provisions which is
to not limit people by national origin
and to not limit the number of people
it's not quite the same as saying we
should judge people based on something
other than national origin and 73
percent say that you know we know a lot
of people pay lip service to this idea
of all men are created equal and so on
but in practice rarely really I think do
people agree with that in in pragmatism
in their daily life so that's on the
first hand I'm the second hand I agree
with you there there is no evidence that
this was a conspiracy and I I said we
can speculate that congressmen might
have had a better idea of the
transformative effect than the regular
person that's what I said and I said
maybe there is a conspiracy because
we've seen certain other conspiracies
like the Hooton plan and the clergy plan
in Europe which wanted to transform that
continent in a similar fashion so I said
purely speculatively that it was
conspiracy but regardless I said the
problem was that you had a
transformative act like this that nobody
really knew about or people don't know
about now I mean you yourself said in
the first debate that you hadn't heard
of the 65 Immigration Act or what it
entail my problem was at no point in a
major election at no point in a major
presidential debate in a major midterm
election was mass immigration voted on I
don't feel like there was an election
where mass immigration it was a
referendum on mass immigration and there
should have been something like that so
I can see to you yes you're right that
it had widespread bipartisan support in
the Congress but rarely do I think the
representatives in Congress are totally
representative of the will of the people
and I think if you really are and again
this is a major important thing
happening it should have been a
referendum in an election it should have
been a major issue not an act of
Congress so I mean is that does that
make sense
yeah but I totally disagree firstly
because we usually don't vote by these
kinds of issues by referendum in the
United States just not the kind of
government we run
I guess primarily you keep going back to
this it seems like you're kind of trying
to weasel in that like well people
didn't really think this thing but you
don't really have any polling data or
anything whatsoever to support that view
that's just your personal belief right
do you admit that yeah yeah no I think
it's a personal belief that's based on
well it's you already sound
understanding of the time well be here I
mean you have you have one poll to
suggest you call the people okay you
have two polls to suggest well what's
the second poll I only heard the pie
it's a Harris Poll was done in 1965 and
then in 1965 Gallup poll as well so both
of them were down at the time very
relevant very high but the same I mean
the same data essentially I mean
different polls but the same result
correct that people yeah which goes to
show that the results are probably
accurate yeah yeah right yeah and I of
course I concede the data but again you
have you have these two polls and we
have the mood of the time of the 1960s I
mean do you think and I'm asking you
this in an honest way and please be
intellectually honest do you think that
if people could look at this policy and
we're told the actual results of it if
they were given like a projection of
what would happen in the 80s and the 90s
of immigration that you would have
massive influxes of immigration from
Mexico and Asia do you think that the
people of 1965 when you had the KKK
marching through Skokie Illinois when
you had the Civil Rights Act that was
opposed by politicians who had people
running on the platform of segregation
now segregation forever do you think
that people would have been for that
maybe maybe not but that's a
fundamentally different question oh
let's see okay but see you say maybe
maybe not but I again I think you're
being a little bit intellectually
dishonest like if we look at something
like a war if somebody would have vote
in favor of the Iraq war not against the
Iraq war whatever you can't really ask
after you see how the Iraq war turned
out do you think people the will of the
people is represented it's just a non
sequitur but that's different but no
it's absolutely the same it's absolutely
no of course it's not because you cannot
predict that I mean war in intrinsically
is a chaotic event I mean that
Bismark you roll the iron dice with
immigration when you put in place
certain policies they have projections
based on how these things turn out and
obviously so we can talk we can talk
specifically about one of these
projections so in an effort to appease
conservative lawmakers like the
Dixiecrats there's a guy called Michael
Michael Fagan Feyen I don't know to
pronounce this guy's name I'm sorry but
this was like an example of a politician
that was very much against this bill
because he thought that it was going to
transform the demographics of America
much like you as a result of people like
that of the more racist anti-civil
rights people they actually made that
family member provision one of the most
important parts of the bill itself so
that idea that you can bring over family
members that actually became the
highest-ranking part of that bill in an
effort to appease those people so the
people that were most ideologically
aligned to you ended up advocating for
the number-one part of the bill that
caused so much of this immigration to
happen that people like you would be
opposed to I think that points pretty
concretely that it was kind of an
accident that the congressman didn't
actually know how it would turn out
unless you have any evidence to the
contrary that people did know and were
being deliberately misrepresentative
again it's purely speculative I I didn't
say that there was I knew of a
conspiracy or there was evidence I said
there was evidence that there have been
conspiracies in the past there have been
deliberate attempts in the past to
mislead and deceive people into excuse
me accepting massive amounts of
immigrants for meta political ads and
and I cited the Hooten plan and the
clergy plan of people sharing those up I
actually I did look those up so the
Hooten plan wasn't done by a politician
it was just an anthropologist that like
wrote an article in editorial for a
newspaper the Hooten plan was never
anything that was done or advocated for
by any politician whatsoever this would
be the equivalent of me finding an
editorial on the New York Times and
saying well look at what this plan was
in the past it was literally just some
anthropologist guy who I think was
Jewish so maybe I don't know if you
don't like him because of that but um he
just basically wrote an op-ed and he was
like oh this is what should happen from
and and it basically had to do with them
helping to take Germany out of like
they're crazy nationalistic Hitler era
or whatever it was more or less related
there was no grand Hooten conspiracy
plan and for the clergy plan I tried to
find information on that too I really
couldn't find anything I see that this
color-keyed guy was somebody that was
instrumental in founding I think was
called the pan European Union which was
like one of the precursors to the United
Nations but
this guy wasn't an influential
politician I think it was like a count I
think he talked to a couple people like
he was friends with a few politicians I
want to say like a like a Polish
Ambassador or somebody but these guys
weren't massive pop political figures
neither of these plans were some crazy
subversive plan implemented by any
politician anywhere there's no evidence
that any of these plants were ever
exercised and really there's no evidence
of that there's no evidence of the fact
that Europe has been transformed
demographically not by a plan now of
course we have very limited evidence of
conspiracies that happen it but look I
mean this is fundamentally getting away
from the point
well I only because you you brought this
up to defend your point and I'm showing
you that neither of these plans are even
real no Clark your plan is the point is
that this is this has been thought of
before the point is that it wasn't a
thought this yeah and I finished your
talking over me Ivan
so the clergy the Hooten planned the
point is I'm not saying they were
implemented I'm not saying they were
exercising levers of government what I
am saying is that to speculate that
people might have a vested interest in
transforming the the composition of the
country and might deceive people has an
intellectual antecedent in these ideas
I'm saying it's not it's not like some
fiction of my imagination the people
have thought of these political ends
before and written about them and
promulgated them yeah but I mean the
recent since we can do both this
speculation all day people speculate
that the moon but that doesn't make it
it's a very point those it's not it's
not a baseless it's based on
intellectual antecedents in Europe that
has nothing to do with any politicians
or any political plans would you take
moon landing conspiracy seriously
because some people theorize that the
moon landing could be faked it just
doesn't make any sense yeah you're
missing the point the point was to say
if we were to speculate that somebody
wanted to deceive the American public to
transform it demographically there have
been intellectuals in the past who have
thought the same thing so it's not you
know again I'm saying it has nothing to
do with with politicians I never claimed
that so you keep saying it has nothing
to do with politicians I'm not arguing
that I'm arguing that these
intellectuals had this idea they said in
order to achieve these political ends to
to hurt Europe to hurt the West and in a
strange vindictive fashion we want to
inflict demographic transformation on
them and I'm saying
if we are to speculate that people could
have understood the ramifications of
this policy and it's quite clear if you
read the actual text of the bill what
would result from it I think it is fair
to say there is a chance and I'm not
saying I'm saying it's a nonzero chance
I'm not saying it's a good chance I'm
saying there's a nonzero chance that
this was deceptively forced on the
public and you know what you bring up
your poll I will read you one of my
polls so you talk about 60 or 70 some
percent say that they don't think people
should be chosen based on their national
identity here is a poll from Cornell and
this is from the Roper Center from 1965
and people are asked which countries or
places would you least like to see
immigrants into the United States come
from Asia 15 percent 15 percent of
respondents said they would at least
like to see people from that country
Mexico is 11 percent people were polled
and asked what countries would they most
like to see people come from 28 percent
of Canada 28% said England or Scotland
20 percent said skin I mean all the top
countries for most wanted or were
Northern European all the top countries
for the least wanted were third-world
Latin American and Asia and we could
look at other data here if you want to I
mean do you want to address that first
before I get into these other numbers
yeah but um so so first cuz I don't
wanna just leave these points so the
Hooton plan was not a plan to destroy
Western Europe I'm just not sure what
you think it was so the Hooton plan was
an article I read it actually you can
take it out of old newspapers by an
anthropologist and basically he was kind
of theorizing ideas based on kind of
oldie wacky pseudoscience he things but
his idea was that he wanted to breed the
extremism out of the German people they
don't know the war strains yeah the
worst means the worst trains out of the
German people ironically enough Africa's
not even mentioned I think he was
mentioning bringing in like British
people and whatnot or other other
European Nationals had nothing to do
with bringing black people into Europe
to take over the entire continent it
literally was very specifically targeted
towards Germans and breeding out the war
strains or whatever and
again this wasn't supposed to be done
secretly he wrote this as like an op-ed
in like a newspaper it wasn't a secret
subversive plan there's no evidence that
anybody tried to implement anything he
said it's just not what you're
presenting it as it that you're fixating
on a small detail I'm not presenting it
as anything other than I am what I'm
saying is people have theorized in the
past that you can use immigration
whether it be from Britain or Africa or
anywhere else people if they arise that
you can use race you can use the
transformation of the demographic
composition of country to inflict harm
on it and I'm saying again I said
there's a nonzero chance that that
happen and given again the results of
the immigration and if you read the text
of the bill there is no way that you
could not predict that you would have
massive third world immigration there's
no way and so I and again I'm being
generous and saying let's give them the
benefit of the doubt however there is a
