my trap says you want to talk no I don't
want to do this I'm so tired of this
hello well you really want to own
someone that's on this don't you no I
just don't feel like talking about it
right now okay
I don't listen I'm exhausted after today
okay but I just waking somebody just
like me just like very little clip that
I was just going over real quick okay
oh I'm sorry so like so like sometimes I
say people as like a like a broader term
for like for like these are like general
things that economists say about a
particular thing I know that sometimes
use people to like sneak in their own
arguments I know if you really want I
can try to find data for this I mean I
read this during in the course of my
research but I don't think it's a
particularly debated claim to say that
rape labor regulations or like
environmental regulations are generally
seen as pretty harsh when you put them
on developing countries do you think
that's like a contested claim yeah I
kind of do and it but it's all related
to like this scale it's go well so like
that just just real quick oh my god well
let me just let me just say this then
you can tell me if you agree to go I
haven't talked over so much today okay
so my understanding the economics to
understanding that I have is that first
world countries are usually like pretty
aggressive when it comes to wanting to
put certain regulations on third world
countries when I say first world or
third world I'm talking about like
scales of economy not like cold war-era
who's the first row second row third row
right and the reason why developing
countries have problems with this
especially when it comes to like
environmental regulations is first world
countries were able to pollute the [ __ ]
out of everything
industrialized as hard as possible and
now that their economies are in this
like very advanced state now they're
saying okay we're gonna push for
alternative energies but when you look
at a third world economy that is trying
to industrialize trying to advance their
manufacturing and their economy and
everything and become more sophisticated
that if you start placing these
regulations on them those economies are
like hey [ __ ] you this is [ __ ] which
is why there are so many exemptions made
for them in
like these like larger international I
like the Paris Accord and [ __ ] like this
usually like these guys get a lot more
leeway I'm aware of that being like a
pretty well accepted thing if you're
okay so yeah so here here's what I would
say out of that is like so just because
the United States was not aware of the
extent of what industrial pollution
could be while we were industrial izing
does it mean that the optimal path that
you take today to develop should be
ignoring environmental regulation okay
what I mean like so say you say you
we're developing today and you're
building an electrical grid you could
fund you could support that electrical
grid through a mix of renewable energy
hydroelectric power etc etc etc right
and produce a low-carbon energy system
or you could build coal plants and you
could produce energy that way and we
know that the coal plants have all these
externalities that they're very it now
is much more expensive than the price
would indicate and when we were making
coldplay wait wait wait what do you mean
more expensive than the price would
indicate it's called the negative
externalities of call okay yeah but but
the definition of an externality is that
it can't be captured necessarily by a
direct class I was referring I was
referring to the societal cost you're
I'm sorry for not being sure well I'm
just being very cuz you got me in the
moderate thing yesterday so I'm being
very particular with my language here
okay that externality is by definition
not captured in the pricing of a damage
that's being done to a society so if
you're right that it's not in them so
like if I have a coal plant okay I sell
you electricity the price that I charge
you does not include the pollution
that's caused the co2
all right stuff unless there's a capital
something yeah so in other words all the
third parties that are in the town who
might not want to buy electricity from
me are being negatively impacted by me
selling you whole energy and so I'm
being subs that use of that coal energy
is being subsidized by everybody in that
town in an implicit way sure so you so
you
Cole is not actually as cheap as the
price you're paying okay
we're we're just not capturing those
costs sure like what a third-world
country or a developing country is now
developing if we give them exceptions to
environmental regulations what we're
doing is we are subsidizing their
development through the use of
environmental degradation okay and but
that's not sweet all right Lee
subsidized them with money sure and not
with environmental degradation ought to
do that if you want to have a
comprehensive international trade policy
or some international environmental
regulation that literally siphons money
from the wealthier countries to pay the
third-world countries for the fact that
they're going to be using not as
competitive alternative energy sources
that's fine but just placing a
regulation over those third world
developing economies is not fine they're
not going to go for that they'll never
join those types of agreements cuz why
would they every other industrialized
country in the world got to pollute
their way to the top why are these
people going to slaughter their economy
trying to like climb the backs of an
alternative [ __ ] energy to get there
there's no one is ever going to agree to
do that well there's two things first of
all this the one thing about pollution
especially carbon is that every we're
year is exponentially bigger than the
prior year so like the last ten years of
carbon I believe or maybe the last 20 is
more than all previous carbon emissions
of human history because we produce so
much every year we have that met that
exponential growth so we're putting out
Giga tons more in Giga tons more sure of
co2 every year so like when you say the
United States in 1920 polluted its way
to the top it did but the scale of the
output in 1920 was so much lower than it
is today
what does this have to do with any no no
I'm explaining you're going in a long
explanation to tell me that pollution is
bad I'm not gonna disagree with you so
if you're if you're going on something
like five-minute Road it's not like oh
we can't keep polluting it's really bad
for the government I agree of course I
don't I'm not gonna just with anything
you're gonna say what I'm saying is that
like right now if you look 10 years ago
I think the United States put out more
co2 than China okay
now China is putting out three times as
much co2 as we are and so what I'm
saying is in a couple more years China
will have put out more co2 that
all of us history they might even be at
that point and cold climate
that's called climate debt okay what
does this hotter than anything
the point is China is not as developed
as the United States so your entire
premise of like oh we should you know we
don't want to put these environmental
regulations on it because it'll [ __ ]
the I never said you know I didn't say
we don't want to I'm saying that
something more has to happen I'm saying
you can't just place an environmental
restriction on a third-world country
that's not enough you have to do way
more than that you the reason guys to
have a massive balance transfer or not a
bounced there has to be a massive
transfer of wealth from one country to
another subsidizing the [ __ ] out of
renewable energy well you have to have
some other way to address it no yeah I
know you're tired so I don't want to I
don't want to keep the bus you know and
I'm not totally like ready for a full
trade debate right right off the top of
my head so I know you've been studying
really hard um but I would like we could
talk about Elizabeth Warren's trade plan
and why like when Michael was talking
about this today and I know you heard it
cuz he repeated it a couple of times was
the idea that we should in we should
fold in these labor labor and
environmental groups as co-equal as far
as their status within these extra extra
judicial arbitrations are they super
national arbitration panels right and
and something like incorporating labor
and environmental regulations we maybe
trade agreements real real quick just
before we have to this you acknowledge
that just telling a third world country
that they're gonna be penalized for
polluting is not enough right something
else has to happen or that'll never be
realistic well there's two things like
they're so like what we're doing is
we're granting them access to their
market would you agree that they don't
have an absolute right to trade with the
United States but I mean I guess not I
don't know what relevant side question
is by sure nobody has a report so the
point is like so here's the problem with
these free trade agreements in a
nutshell from how do we just jump for my
question I am I'm explaining but I have
to give a little bit of a framework
which is like their free trade first of
all is a marketing descriptor it's not
what it actually is it's managed trade
it's just who you managing it for number
one and people are saying we should
balance that management in a different
direction and involved that should
involve Direct Subsidy of the
development of these developed countries
because they were exploited historically
and all these reasons and because we
also have a environmental necessity we
can't allow a Chinese model to continue
around the world like that that's just
not a choice that we can make and
survive as a [ __ ] species so when we
oppose the TPP what we're saying is
they're operating as if we're we can
afford to continue the same framework of
development that existed throughout the
20th century as far as liberalizing
trade and we're facing a economic and
wealth inequality crisis in this world
that is being exacerbated by these
current structure of these trade
treaties that's why people oppose them
not because they're an anti trade they
just want to do trade in a different way
that helps ameliorate some of the
problems that are created by the
existing framework does that make sense
I don't I don't even know why we're
talking about that it has nothing to do
with the original question I posed which
was you do you agree that you can't just
levy restrictions on developing
countries saying you can't utilize
fossil fuels the same way all these
other countries did to reach the level
of sophistication that there has to be
something more there I thought I did
multiple times we should subsidize like
the development of their country ok cool
that's it ok hop on - next - long as we
acknowledge hold on all I'm
acknowledging is that well first of all
we theirs let me let me go back to that
question number one we could we can't no
they're not going to join why would they
you'll be just trying their economies
alternative energy suck right now
there's no way that they would survive
yes they do alternative energies are
garbage safer nuclear power wind solar
these things are not good sources to
build a power grid out of their [ __ ]
trash right now what is this 2014
destiny like the prices have gone down
significantly the prices in areas where
they're won highly subsidized - you have
an incredibly sophisticated economy you
can afford these massive upfront costs 3
we have the land where you can actually
build out these make a coal plant costs
my guess can
centering the fact that the technology
is cheaper more developed in the entire
world is round on fossil fuel for a
hundred years probably a lot cheaper
than a sophisticated solar panel that's
being constantly remodeled and
redesigned every five years no okay so
the whole world is ready to transition
to alternative energy it's cheaper
they're just not because they like to
kill the environment what is this
argument okay first of all oh man well
Jesus Christ we really do need to have
more of a discussion first of all the
prices of solar panels so we can look at
them now feel free to google it it'd
have dramatically declined if you want
to get solar panels for the roof of your
house I think it takes you like 40 years
to make your money back no it doesn't
okay maybe 20 or 30 years I know yes 8
or 10 um yes I think you can make your
money back I think you can make it back
in 10 years by the way okay by the way
this is a math problem that has an
answer somebody in the chat knows the
answer to them yeah we've done it on the
stream before I think you can make your
money back on ten years if you only look
at the money that you'll make back verse
it so like if it costs me $20,000 to
like build the solar panels like how
long will it take me to like save the
money from that energy or whatever will
go lay that it might take like ten years
but if you take the money that you would
have spent on that instead and had put
it in any other place invested in any
other part of your economy then the
growth for that will take you not it not
might only not take you longer like 30
or 40 years to catch her that it
actually might never catch up that the
$20,000 that you invest in a solar panel
roof if you would have just thrown that
into any type of investment fund you
would have made more money back you
would have been so many variables the
first is the price of the panel's the
second is the price of the of the fossil
fuel energy like and thirdly we already
agreed that you're not capturing the
cost of fossil fuels fully within the
the price pay for electricity sure but
that's like horse that most people are
willing to do right you do not
understand that we're facing climate
catastrophe I thought you tweeted like
yesterday about how in 40 years we're
all gonna die yeah but the problem with
climate problems oh my god it's such a
first world like look on Clinton climate
problems like it's such a like
privileged white person like first world
like oh the climate is in big trouble
blah blah blah
these are awesome problems for you it is
you
we can talk about this because we live
in nice houses because we don't have to
worry about where our next meal comes
from because our economies are generally
doing well we've got government to take
care of us we don't have we're not
getting [ __ ] murdered by our leaders
like this is a nice stuff from you and
me to talk about one too
it is absolutely probably the most
important problem facing the planet I
don't I don't disagree with that at all
on a global level no but the problem is
the problem is is that if you're in a
country whose economy is struggling to
industrialize whose people are earning
borderline like two dollars a day for
your wages your food and water is dirty
or [ __ ] or unavailable you don't have
access to it going to these people and
saying hey guys slow down in your
economic growth a little bit cuz climate
change LOL these people are not gonna
hear your message okay first of all the
developing countries are gonna bear the
brunt of climate change and the nearer
term so it's not just some sort of white
person pressure it's literally
threatening their lives in an immoral
and once they and once they start to
bear those costs I'm sure their tune is
gonna change real [ __ ] quick but
people don't think that way if people
thought it's not though it's clearly not
because people are making those bigger
investments in alternative energies yet
because they haven't seen the worth for
it okay in that case we don't need any
environmental regulations because these
countries will just do it naturally
because they're scared of climate change
I guess like having a leap of logic I'm
saying that the prices are lower and
they're now becoming competitive number
one number two the fossil fuel price is
not the true price because it doesn't
include the externalities of using it
and the damage that we're facing and
three what I'm saying is the alternative
allowing developing nations to use
fossil fuels is not tenable we can't do
it it's not actually a choice well I
mean it clearly is a choice because
you're still using fossil fuels I mean
you're just wrong I mean clearly you
have the option to burn fossil fuels if
you want so I mean it clearly as a
choice by these countries what you're
saying is the full damage of climate
change hasn't arrived yet exactly I
believe of course so they're not they're
doing some it's like jumping off a cliff
and saying well I haven't hit the ground
so I guess I can jump off a cliff no
[ __ ] you killed yourself you
just don't
know it yet well that's probably what
people will do I mean people do this all
the time people overheat them yeah look
at Pete look at how people control their
diets people eat themselves into
diabetes lose ten years off their life
look at the people that still lived it
in and where the [ __ ] Hurricane
Katrina hit and killed all the [ __ ]
levees and all the [ __ ] people's
house got flooded in Shelly people don't
make people aren't these highly rational
actors that are capable of they come
home from their [ __ ] from their seven
to nine job they're horrible [ __ ] job
in these third-world countries and then
they go home and like oh okay
time to log into my Twitter account and
see what damage climate change is caused
us today like that's not how people make
decisions in like these very poor
working areas of course of course
oh my god of course but they're gonna
die when the heat bulb temperature is so
high their sweat doesn't work in their
body and they die a [ __ ] heatstroke
but the problem is until they're
actually at that point much the same
when and when you're dying of a [ __ ]
heart attack cuz you weight 350 pounds
that's when everybody has the thought
man I wish I would have ate a little bit
healthier but you can't pretend that
people are naturally incentivized into
these things before [ __ ] actually okay
first of all I didn't say they were
naturally incentivize you asked me can't
so the original question and you
couldn't even remember it sure is that
doodlee my original question was you
understand that we cannot have a trade
policy that just dictates to developing
countries that they're not allowed to
use market we could if we wanted well no
we don't because we're not in the new
TPP we left so no we're not even
involved in in like then they aren't
trading with us they're just trading
with other countries more because they
have less barriers to trade in those
other countries I mean like they so are
we though and you don't know if they're
leaving a little well they're losing out
a lot more sure but maybe they'll gain
more access to China because China is
opening its doors to all sorts of
countries in terms of making foreign
investment and trade with other
countries so if you think really trade
their country
I think they'll try not has made I do
you think that China is practicing an
isolationist trade policy no and wait
China let's country trying to let other
countries move in and trade with them
all the [ __ ] time it's been part of
their massive girl it's one of the main
ways that China steals IP from other
countries they love it when people go
and they build firms in the country
because they steal all your [ __ ] [ __ ]
like
well they have a trade surplus they have
a mercantilist extraction trade policy
that's how they do it they're not and by
the way if you go into China there's
extreme barriers to direct look for
direct foreign investment and you have
to go through all sorts of Hoops and you
have no like recourse the rule of law is
extremely exploitive to non Chinese
nationals like China is the way work
more exploitative and restrictive of
like foreigners than the United States
is if anything your art your argument
it's making my point I don't even know
what this has to do with China within
the US and I said I said that China is
practicing building out more in these
regions in the US is that while the u.s.
is turning away from these multilateral
trade agreements China is reaching out
to the rest of the world I don't right
now currently know the current status of
how open China is to trade with other
countries but I do know that China is
actively practicing initiatives where
they are making investments in both
property so whether it's building ports
on trade routes so like building roads
and investment to education and training
in other countries and I know that
they're trying to modernize their
economy even more the the the build
China or made in China 20-25 [ __ ] the
2050 [ __ ] the belt and Road initiative
that that China's working on the
regional comprehensive economic
partnership where they're trying to get
free trade going with a lot of other
countries that China is like actively
moving on and growing and doing these
things I don't know what the current
status is of China's trade with other
countries is right now maybe it is a
little bit more varied at entry but none
of this still has anything to do with
the idea that we're not going to dictate
to developing countries that they just
can't use fossil fuels isn't totally not
related okay we agree that's all the
aspects when we agreed on there just
because Michel steamrolled by a romantic
it's a [ __ ] cut so this is my chance
to talk a whole bunch okay all right
what I'm saying is the United States has
the ability to structure its bilateral
trade as in the way at once so if it
wants to have unreasonable things it's
within our power is that a good thing
no I'm not advocating for it you're
saying can we probably we can if we if
we decided to do that but ultimately
what I'm saying is the alternative
you're offering that we allow developing
countries to develop
using fossil fuels is not tenable I
didn't say that was yes your dad I said
that we can't just no one cares that
people eat themselves to death as an
excuse and and and none of these things
are contradictory listen I'm gonna make
three statements all in a row none of em
contradict each other okay statement
number one you can't dictate to a
developing economy hey don't exploit
fossil fuels one number two here's
another statement people don't
immediately feel the effects of climate
change in fact until things are
literally at catastrophic levels a lot
of people probably won't care 3 if we're
going to wrote people into these types
of things within I allowed to use fossil
fields there's probably gonna have to be
some wealth transfer from industrialized
countries to non industrialized
countries in order to offset the losses
that they're going to endure by making
their economy more more off fiat more
energy efficient all three of those
statements can exist simultaneously
none of them are contradictory none of
them mean that one can't happen or the
other can't happen ok all right so
you're advocating for TPP because
developing countries have the right to
use fossil fuels even though it's
suicidal they're gonna do it because
they are they are irrational they should
be allowed to be your hospital I never
said they should be allowed to be about
you're going from a descriptive position
to a prescriptive position very quickly
just because I make an analysis by the
way if you leave you know two people in
a room with a with a gun there's a
chance that somebody might kill the
other person doesn't mean I'm saying
somebody should kill the other person or
whatever I'm not making prescriptive
statements saying they should abuse
fossil fuels I'm saying that left to
their own devices which means we should
encourage and endorse that development
except as part of these multilateral
trade agreements - an alternative where
we have a binding way of ensuring that
development goes through don't through a
path here that internalizes don't I was
very quiet
you had your points as opposed to of a
binding agreement that involves
enforcement on environmental and labor
regulations that's not just an empty
promise an unenforceable promise right
it is enforceable via the ICS panels but
it but go ahead how didn't you just have
an argument with Michael or you said
that it was they that labor and
environmental groups didn't have
standing yeah because
companies can still take government's to
court if they think that they're
violating some of the provisions of
these treaties yes the companies can go
to they can take the countries to court
but can the labor unions take it to
court and environmental groups connect
what the [ __ ] what's standing what a
labor union have to take another country
to court what would an American labor
unions standing be to take another
country to court for their laws because
they're okay well this is the this is
the problem with the edge trade regime
we have right so what you do is you
allow capital to flow freely across
borders but you don't allow labor to so
the wait what I'm an open borders guy
love free-flowing labor what do you mean
but that's not what these trade
agreements arrive at it's it's a
one-sided thing so people are bound to
their countries by immigration law but
capital can flow to wherever the
regulations are the worst
wherever the environmental regulations
are the lowest wherever people have the
lowest minimum wages or the lowest wages
and they exploit those people but the
whole point it's it's so crazy because
you're making capitalists arguments
right now right I don't want all the
capital flowing to the places with the
lowest late wages part of the point of
the TPP is to enforce international
labor standards on these countries just
so that that doesn't happen if I'm going
to trade with your country you're not
allowed to have child laborers because
now my cup my firm can't compete with
you right that's the whole point
all right basically the you you want to
do another TPP debate this is what's
going on no I don't want to I guess well
but the problem is like your original
clip said that I was using weasel words
and then you keep trying to like weasel
an argument no I did it I said I like
there are some weasel words so like if I
were to say for instance like like like
some people like some people like the
espressos at Starbucks and you're like
that's a weasel word who likes the
espresso that's part well I I don't
think I need a [ __ ] source for that
okay much the same way that I don't need
a source to say that when you enforce
environmental standards on developing
countries that makes them
non-competitive that's just a fact this
is why countries are highly
protectionist when they're
industrializing Japan did it's one of
the reasons why their economy managed to
grow and a lot of other developing
countries do this to yourself you just
say countries are protectionist when
they develop quickly and then you say we
should have free trade agreements where
they don't have any regulation
or any labor laws or any industrial
policy like do you think those are
contradictory because I could talk okay
well that's great let's talk about that
so I think that countries okay then no I
did it but let me explain countries that
are developing their goal sometimes is
to lock out the rest of the world
because they want to grow their own
little [ __ ] they want to tear the [ __ ]
everybody else they want to make their
own industries more competitive so they
tell everybody else to stay on basically
their goal is to be protected their goal
is to industrialize it makes you
uncompetitive when you when you when you
liberalize trades between very developed
nations and undeveloped nations the
trade is going to be more competitive on
the side of the developed nation do you
understand that or you disagree with
that so what do you mean by competitive
as in if we were to force another a
smaller country to open its doors to our
products whatever a higher higher level
industry that they build is going to be
threatened by American manufacturers
that's part of the reasons why these
countries have trade barriers in the
first place is to protect their own
local industries so what you're saying
is that they're they're more competitive
because they have lower wages lower
environmental regulations lower labor
standards so they're more competitive
yes that's the point I was making about
capital finding the areas where the
labor environmental regulations are
lowest is valid well no the whole reason
why you make a multilateral trade
agreement wait okay first of all do you
say that like you've disagreed with it
that lower labor lower cost of labor
lower regulations environmental or labor
that that makes you more or less
competitive than another economy that's
one dimension you're missing a dimension
what dimension you're missing is
productivity per capita so like those
are the four things that you would you
would multiply together in order to
derive whether or not it was competitive
okay sure but if you have a smaller
economy if you have a smaller market
worker can make 80 widgets
because they're better educated they're
better fed they lit breathe clean air
they sleep at night the factory is safe
and the Vietnamese worker can make one
widget it doesn't matter if he's ten
times cheaper than me but it does
because clearly they are the actual
economy and reality is a lot of first
world countries are much much more
productive I have a much higher
productivity per worker that is not true
yes it is it is demonstrably untrue if
this was true we wouldn't export our
supply chains all over the world because
it's cheaper to manufacture products in
other countries it is just do not
understand that it's a math problem
I do understand it's a math problem but
what I'm telling you is the math doesn't
work out that the American worker is
always so much more productive than a
third world country worker that we're
never going to export supply chains to
other countries I never said that ok it
in your hypothetical world where an
American worker is making 80 widgets and
a foreign worker is making one widget if
there were only 10 times cheaper then
then in that case yeah I would agree
with you but the math doesn't work out
with that in any of our global trade
otherwise our supply chains would all be
within the United States and we would
manufacture everything here ok so but
one of the real quick one of the things
that we really one of the things I'm
saying is that in these other countries
that are less developed they don't have
the economies of scale that we do part
of the only ways that they can be
competitive or out-compete us is with
worse environmental standards is with
lower labor standards like these are how
these countries compete they have they
pollute the [ __ ] out of the environment
and they don't give a [ __ ] about their
workers they pay them the slave labor
sometimes like so what you're saying is
we should engage in these trade
agreements where we expose our workers
to competitors who work at much lower
wages that will pollute the environment
who will die in mines or whatever and
our workers who and our companies in the
United States who do have to abide by
that should do so with those foreign
countries in order and and by the way it
also hollows out our middle class our
manufacturing sector right we become
dependent upon that country's
manufacturing for our own supply of
consumer goods and so we have a economy
where
the that formerly was a manufacturing
economy where people where the
distribution of income was much more
equal across society we should allow
corporations to take the capital that
they gained from our domestic market
move it over to to some for third world
country where they have a undeveloped
country with poor government
institutions low wages no environmental
regulations no labor protections that
company can dominate that country that
that developing country build sweatshops
and then export freely because that's
what a a mutual trade agreement does
they were allowed to sell their products
as if they were american-made to compete
against our labor and environmental
regulations so aren't you just allowing
companies and multinational corporations
to skirt around all the regulations that
we've deemed in our society to be very
important for the healthy funk or it's
healthy functioning and then all the
gains from trade because remember those
middle-class and working-class workers
no longer have jobs so they're relying
on the social safety net or they've lost
half their income and the gains from
trade all go to the people that own
stock and equity in the and and in those
multinational corporations so the middle
class is hollowed out the gains from
trade all go to the top one percent and
the third-world country is now being
exploited and the environment is being
annihilated and that is a good idea okay
I didn't want to debate this whole thing
again but I think you just said like 12
things that were highly questionable
let's run them down the first thing you
that you just said is we become
dependent on another country now I don't
know if you're trying to subtly imply
here that having another country
manufacturers are goods like undermines
us as a society or something we can talk
about the idea there's a specific term
for this I don't remember what it is but
there's some idea that every country
should manufacture all of the goods and
everything that they need to survive or
whatever I don't know if this is like a
communist or like extreme lefty point
this is an absurd point no no you said
that we will become dependent on another
country's manufacturing you
said that I wrote it down because I
wrote in my notes there's nothing wrong
with becoming dependent on other
countries through trade for
manufacturing we already do this to a
large extent the only way that we can
supply enough American cars is because
we've exported a lot of our
manufacturing to Mexico part of the
NAFTA deal was the only way that we
could keep up a car manufacture in the
United States so yeah we do become
dependent of the country oh my god 15
minutes okay ridiculous that I have to
clarify write it down then start writing
notes okay just like I did okay so when
we export supply chains to other
countries we do it to provide more
products to the American people that's
just a reality of these international
trade agreements the idea that every
country needs to be some self-sufficient
island is insane other countries by
virtue of comparative advantage are much
better at manufacturing certain Goods
than other countries we should
absolutely take advantage of it that's
one of the beauties of globalization
some countries are really good at some
things other countries are really good
at other things lead countries do what
they're best at and then export those
products accordingly
this is econ this is macro econ 101 okay
now the other thing you said was not
direct distribution of income was much
more equal distribution of income was
much more what did I write this number
distribution of income was much more
equal across society oh if you have
problems with the way that income is
distributed across society then address
it with with your tax policy you're not
going to do this with a trade agreement
there is no such thing as a multilateral
trade agreement that favors small
businesses it just doesn't happen what
does that mean like oh well we signed a
multilateral trade agreement with a with
the European Union and now only
mom-and-pop shops can export good like
what does that mean if you have a
problem with the way that income is
distributed your country address it with
your tax policy increase your minimum
wage that's how you deal with that
that's that's the way it's not gonna be
done through trade policy you said
another thing about capital is moving to
other countries I don't know what this
is getting it there's nothing wrong with
that capital flowing around the world in
order to change the way that we
manufacture supply goods it's not
necessarily a bad thing you said
something about building sweatshops and
exporting freely that's what these
countries already do they already have
sweatshops there people are already
working for almost nothing the whole
point of these multilateral this is Cato
Institute like [ __ ] come on I don't
know if that's it I don't I don't think
that was an argument but anyway these
cotton countries already these countries
already participate these countries are
already participating in substandard
labor practices things like the TPP
include
provisions to make sure that everybody
is on a level playing field that you are
allowing people to you how are they
unenforceable the whole point of these
provisions is that you're not allowed to
join okay well all right now you're
gonna write that one down
the whole point of this trade agreement
is that you can't continue to do this
practice yeah I'm sure I'm literally not
even halfway through it how does it feel
I'm not even halfway to responding
Michael Brooks jr. over here Jesus I I
actually don't I I'm actually shocked I
don't think so I wrote down everything
you said and I still I'm only halfway
through like you you realize it when you
start talking you literally lay out like
50 points that I have to respond to you
right otherwise you'd win the argument
by default because you've gotten to like
lay out like an entire argument where I
disagree almost every single leg like
okay so you said so did this argument
that like oh well they're gonna build
switches about if you're against that
the multilateral trade agreements are
the ways you bully countries out of
doing that you wouldn't expect a tan
industrializing country to magically
have labour standards if the only way
that it can remain competitive with
larger economies is to abuse the [ __ ]
out of its workers multilateral trade
agreements are one of the ways that we
enforce these labor standards on these
other countries you said allow companies
to skirt around regulations the whole
point of these multilateral trade
agreements are that countries can't
skirt around these regulations like
these are regulations that every country
has to follow otherwise people will
bring suits against you for LA you have
to follow these regulations or you'll
get [ __ ] we sue people all the time we
bring suits to the WTO because we think
that some country is participating in
either some bad practice where they're
subsidizing the [ __ ] out of some product
or good that we don't like that we fight
with Canada all the time over the lumber
for [ __ ] like this you mentioned
something about the middle class of the
working class and no longer having jobs
because of trade agreements for all the
literature that I'm aware of on NAFTA
the only people whose jobs actually get
hurt by this it's usually narrowed down
to pretty specific sectors of uneducated
people but the widespread economic
consensus is that on average citizens in
the United States are far better off
with things like NAFTA in place rather
than not having NAFTA in place there are
going to be some people whose jobs are
negatively impacted there are also other
jobs that open up parallel to that
greater specialization of economies that
result from an increased liberalisation
and trade is generally considered to be
a positive thing we export some kind of
manufacturing to Mexico it lets our
manufacturers specialize in other types
of manufacturing and everybody in the
United States benefits from cheaper
goods as a result the fact that people
save money on those cheaper Goods makes
their lives more affordable gives a more
income and it allows parallel industries
to open up when people have more money
to spend on other goods these are all
like uncontested facts of a lot of these
Maltese multilateral free-trade
agreements and then the last thing you
said was gains from trade all go to
people who own stock or equity that is
absolutely not true being able to sell
products retriever to citizens in a
country something that benefits an
entire country and actually the idea
that we would protect certain sectors of
our economy to help only small sectors
of our workforce so for instance
manufacturing actually hurts every
single American citizen the fact that
you want to tell every single working
family that they have to pay more money
for a car because you don't want to have
somebody in Mexico build it but you want
to protect a handful a hundred thousand
jobs in the u.s. of people to
manufacture that car is absolutely
insane to me that's the response to all
of your points okay you contradicted
yourself you said go to enforce
environmental regulations using these
trade agreements but also that they're
competitive because they have lower
environmental regulations so either
they're competitive because they don't
have the environmental regulations and
it make it makes it cheaper to
manufacture or we're gonna enforce it
and you can't have it both ways you it
is both so you have revealed your hand
and everybody who advocates for these
managed trade agreements that allow
multinational corporations to dominate
developing countries with sweatshops and
environmental pollution that's what hang
is oh it's actually good for them that
they're working 14 hours of the week and
places are hauled out and by the way you
said it's not true that all the gains
are going to the top one percent but yet
that's exactly what the empirical
evidence shows the empirical evidence
doesn't show that trade agreements only
help the top one percent that is not
true you can say that a majority of the
new income generated in a country might
be going to the top one percent but that
doesn't mean that cheaper goods and
services are all being bought up by rich
people also it's not dis galloping I
responded to your dish gallop but okay
go for it
you also said that like you said these
economies are only competitive because
they have lower environmental
regulations and now you say you want to
enforce environment to regulate so the
TVV that's not contradictory that's just
a fact some of these countries that do
have some advantages in their countries
to manufacturing are also competitive
because they have really bad labor and
environmental standards the point of a
multilateral trade agreement is to force
them to play on the same playing field
than other countries do when you have an
environmental standard it makes you less
competitive if you want to try to
another country you want to force them
to have the same standards that you do
because you don't want to be on
competitive compared to them these
aren't contradictory statements that's
exactly what progressives are advocating
for oh then it sounds like they all
should support the TPP because and this
is what you're not see this you're just
refusing to accept this fact which is
the labor and environmental regulations
are unenforceable under these agreements
if it was and this is something that
Michael Brooke said when he was doing
his Gish go up against you which was oh
if that were the case everybody would
support these deals but they don't
support them because they do not enforce
the labor and environmental regulations
that is the fact and secondly you can't
decontextualize trade from all other
issues that are going on in the world if
you look at income based upon the sector
of the economy a worker is in and many
when a sector when a worker transitions
from manufacturing a union unionized
manufacturing job to a server sector job
so here's an example you're in western
Pennsylvania you used to be a steel
worker the steel mill moves it leaves
the country you lose your job at the
steel mill you then go and work at
Walmart you go from making 50 $60 an
hour with the pension healthcare
benefits to making $10 $12 an hour
bad benefits so the fact that the
product has gone down in price by 10%
doesn't matter because your personal
income has declined tremendously wait
why would your personal income decline
because you lost your job at eye-fuck
assess unions steel worker and you
became a stupid Walmart [ __ ] the union
Steel Workers I don't want every single
working family in America to pay more
for all of their goods because we're
trying to protect one narrow sect of the
economy why the [ __ ] should I make every
working family in America by the way
poor people spend a disproportionately
higher percentage of their discretionary
income on necessary goods like cars okay
why should I make them bear the brunt of
the cost of protecting a narrow industry
in our country that is absolutely absurd
I don't want to tell [ __ ] Joe
Shmuel who only makes 25k a year listen
man sorry that you can't really afford a
car but we really go ahead because your
plane is [ __ ]
we shouldn't have to protect some jobs
in the United States and force every
other citizen to bear the brunt of those
costs when we could just find other ways
to deal with those workers who are
displaced okay
so here's what I wasn't just saying all
I was saying the entire manufacturing
sector so not just steel workers but all
manufacturing including cars only
American cars do you think are sold in
China how many American cars do you
think are sold in Germany per year do
you know I don't know I don't know how
much up see almost zero it's like tiny
we're talking about thousands I don't
think America makes cars that sell in
those markets though like the American
car manufacturers typically are making
things like big [ __ ] trucks and [ __ ]
dude wait wait do you think it's because
American manufacturing is just incapable
of making cars American manufacturers
uh-huh why dude American cars are pretty
[ __ ] [ __ ] yeah
aside from likely like the f-150s and
the Chevy Silverados as somebody that
used to own American compacts yeah
American compact cars are pretty [ __ ]
bastard
I mean they are what do you want me to
say but yet American jumbo jets sell all
over the world that's weird we managed
to do that
because we have a aggressive industrial
policy in our aerospace industry
we don't have an aggressive industrial
policy by the way sure everything you're
saying about this is totally refuted by
the very existence of Germany Germany
has an extensive and industrial policy
they manufacture they have a trade
surplus they have a 3% do you think a
trade surplus is good why do you think
that matters I'm explaining it okay
because they have it they have a
manufacturing industry that is a large
part of their economy why do you think
that's why is that superior to a service
you explain these things I'm really
curious how me why a trade surplus is
good and tell me why it's better enough
Manufacturing the service because this
is what this caused you to get triggered
and and flip out when I explained that a
unionized job in manufacturing superior
than two
service sector job that pays minimum
wage and has no benefits so there when
Germany manufactures cars and they buy
in their own domestic market and
Japanese cars and American cars have
very little penetration in that German
automotive market that's it that's good
for Germany's economy wait eighty
oh god I shouldn't even be letting you
get away with these [ __ ] I we need do
more research
eighty percent of Buicks sales are in
China oh my god it's low your other
points are your pericle data isn't even
true I'm sorry tell me tell me why sales
that's what that's not the total Chinese
car market are you confused what does
that have to do with anything wait what
is that wait so I'm sorry so American
car manufacturers BCB should be people
supplying the majority of Chinese cars
what does that mean what do you think
that's okay let's do a Japan what do you
think the top manufacturing is in Japan
I don't know do you know their Japanese
car manufacturers who's the top
manufacturer in Germany it's German car
manufacturers it's almost like these
countries that are developed have an
industrial policy that protects their
workers and get all these ills that
you're talking about don't take place
and they have a far more equal societies
their wealth their productivity is the
same as the United States these are all
facts and then when I talked about the
distributive effects you hand waved them
we as we went from we may hold on we
went from an economy that was primarily
a manufacturing economy to one that was
a primarily a service economy and there
are distributional effects that take
place when you do that and you said bike
solve it through taxation policy well if
that were true why didn't we solve it 30
[ __ ] years ago in 1980 when we'd went
down the path that you proposed first of
all what are the job we the top three
selling cars in America are the Ford
f-series trucks Ram trucks and Chevy
Silverados so what is the point oh my
god I didn't say car brand I said look
at the total car market okay at the
different manufacturers and the
manufacturers and American cars that are
sold the most in America are American
manufacturers what point are you trying
to make holy [ __ ] you're saying top
brands top not top manufacturers there's
a percentage of the market by each
manufacturer this is not that hard of a
thing to find Jesus like wait so are you
saying that like I'm sorry so like Ford
is manufacturing in China and then
shipping the cars to America or no
that's not what I'm saying
wait what are you saying winners gonna
bread and I thought Ford was at like an
automobile manufacturer I don't know I
don't know what you mean am I wrong
yes yes and they primarily manufactured
in North America so if Ford is the
number one selling manufacturer in the
United States no no no no I'll find it
for you okay see I should have I should
have picked up the phone because I knew
you were gonna try to guess Gallup me
because you're galloping you I literally
write he he dipped and he got in he got
hit for an hour
he said they waited and then they dipped
out and now you've had all this energy
you have all of this energy now I have
to do research on the fly because you
okay you're the one making these claims
so here I linked you something to the
statistics displaying the leading
automakers in 2018 ranked by US market
here in 2018 Michigan based GM held
about 17% of the car and light truck
market in the United States this is like
pay Walternate okay
listen I don't even care about this
argument I want to know why you think
having a deficit trade balance is bad
I'm super interested on this I told you
the distribution of X of shifting from
manufacturing to service what's wrong
with shifting from it okay I don't know
how to do the trade balance but what's
wrong with shifting from manufacturing
to service because the distributional
effects outweigh the gains from trade
because when you have a highly unequal
economy depresses growth you recognize
that right I don't I don't know you
wonder about weasel words what unequal
in what way and depresses what kind of
growth oh okay yeah it'll I'll make it
very clear okay
overall GDP growth produce the countries
that are highly unequal in the
distribution of income
so for example the United States in the
last 30 years the top 1% have gained 20
trillion dollars in wealth and the
bottom what was at bottom half lost 90
billion so what I'm saying is the
distributional effects is when you go
from a manufacturing economy to a
service economy that results in more
money for the top part of the scale and
less for the rest of the economy as a
whole and as that inequality compounds
upon itself the lower the lower income
results in lower consumption which
resulted the economy growing you
rightfully pointed out that work
middle-class people and poor people have
a higher propensity to consume and our
economy I believe is now at 80%
consumptive economy so when we have a
lower lower take-home pay lower
disposable income we have lower growth
and so trade by changing those
distributional effects by changing from
those highly equal manufacturing economy
to a highly unequal service economy you
result in net for okay so you can't
isolate trade alone from all the effects
it has on the rest of the account okay
right there might have been and I love
this will be the last sentence there
might have been a way that you could
have taxed the hell out of the rich and
then spent a ton of money redeveloping
the country on infrastructure and
retraining people and paying for
relocations and and and doing an for
education and doing a million things but
we don't do that all we do is we
outsource the jobs the manufacturing
jobs overseas and then the all the gains
that happen go in the pocket of capital
and none goes in the pocket of Labor or
aka working-class and middle-class
people that's why there is that movement
to have trade agreements that don't
allow corporations to outsource jobs to
vulnerable developing countries and then
pollute the hell out of their
environment build sweatshops kill labor
leaders and kill kill trade unionists
which coca-cola as an example has been
caught doing funding death squads to
prevent people from unionizing so that's
the kind of stuff we're talking about
I'm not saying that tray I'm
not anti-trade but what I am saying is
you should have a rational policy where
you have co-equal societies not one
that's exact a pitous class that's
exploiting a developing country we can
trade with those developing countries by
providing them with development
insurance I'm sorry I kept going but the
point is like sure okay so false choice
no you want to talk about a false choice
let's talk about the first thing you
brought up a really good union protected
manufacturing job compared to working at
Walmart what do you think a service
economy means do you think a service
economy means that we're taking every
single manufacturer and putting them
into work at Walmart that's not the only
types of services that America experts
especially being the tech capital of the
world that is absolutely not the type of
quote service economy that the United
it's has firstly secondly if you want to
make okay this whole thing about trade
balance like your whether you have a
trade deficit or not has to do with the
net balance of savings versus
expenditure in your country I don't even
know if this I've never heard of this
being linked to increasing inequality in
a country before rather than just like a
trade balance is really just an
expression of how much your country
spends versus how much your country
saves there's like this really common
misconception that having like a like a
trade deficit or running it as bad or
causes like money to leave your country
and usually these are just like very
naive analyses of how trade trade it
means we're sending more money to the
country I don't have time to talk about
this right now but I highly important
know that is absolute oh god oh god oh
god oh god it absolutely doesn't I
promise you okay we're not gonna deep go
into that okay I implore you to read
what a trade deficit actually is though
okay it doesn't mean you're just sending
money overseas I promise you okay so
when you buy goods in another country
when you have foreign currency or when
you have your own currency that's
floating in another country that
currency comes back to your country in
the form of investments and other types
of capital that is absolutely what
happens in every single situation where
a trade balances president we might
spend or purchase more goods and
services from countries like China but
that money always finds its way back to
the u.s. in the form of investment in
other US businesses or u.s. real estate
that is absolutely what happens I don't
want to talk about it right now if you
want you go and read into that [ __ ] but
I promise you that a trade deficit is
shipping money over season losing it
forever that absolutely does not happen
okay wait I broke down all these other
points I have to respond Yogesh Cal the
[ __ ] owe me a half percent of your
points okay so you brought the trade
balance okay you brought up this idea
that a service economy somehow slows
down your economic growth I would love
to read a paper on that that actually
illustrates the idea stuff you said that
going from a man you okay tell me to
wait tell me beset us in service you
said that going from a manufacturing
economy to a service economy causes your
overall GDP growth to slow did you say
that or did I misunderstand you I said
it causes your growth to go too slow
because of the distributive effects of
putting more money at the top and less
among workers and I didn't say that
every single service economy job was
okay okay sure the jobs economy would be
twitch streaming sure that's great for
the twitch streamer and the ones that
have more views and more subs make a lot
of money and that tends to be a select
few and most of the people that
swiftstream don't make [ __ ] go to
Twitter so basically so basically you
did say central underscore committee yes
so you did say that I don't know why you
disturb a show you to say that so I
would love to read a paper on that my
understanding is that countries have
explosive growth as they industrialize
but eventually that growth tapers off
and that is a very strange place we find
ourself in the first world where a lot
of people are starting to wonder if some
of the explosive growth the explosive
GDP growth that some countries have had
is at some points unsustainable that
eventually we will taper off to a 1 to 2
percent growth now the explanations that
I've read for that is that that's just
kind of the natural end state of these
fully developed massive economies it's
not that we're moving to a service
economy it's that there's just only so
much room for growth you can't expect
the first world fully industrialized
massive economy of scale like the United
States to grow at the same rate as India
or China that is just highly
unbelievable secondly these other
countries that you're citing and I'll
throw you a quick link here it's not
like Germany has this massive percentage
of its economy that is still in
manufacturing compared to what it was in
the 1970s
everybody's manufact everybody has
switched to more service nerim I mean
equality is a problem all over the
Western world but the countries that
have mitigated the decline of this
manufacturing industries have less of a
problem with income inequality than
those like
ours who have we have the worst we had
the lowest manufacturing sector then of
all other similarly situated countries
and that's because our policy has
allowed our manufacturing industry to be
hollowed out I don't know if just
because your manufacturing industry
doesn't make up a greater percentage of
total employment that necessarily income
inequality follows from that I have no
idea how you get from A to B there okay
well this is this is an empirical
question and we need to we need to it
get this is why I didn't want to debate
this tonight because I need to pull
together the studies for you to read
okay Steve like you spent a lot of time
studying a lot of cato institute talking
points prior to this debate with michael
firstly i don't just study cato
institute talking points that is one
institute that I do draw studies from
sure however if we look at like the IgM
polling people on free trip this is but
your graph proves my point
like why Remini has the highest
manufacturing so they have lower income
yeah but their manufacturing has been
falling dramatically since the 70s
everybody's moving towards a service
economy this idea that Germany is this
massive manufacture economy is not true
and this idea that America doesn't buy
cars made in America is also not true in
this idea that America has to sell cars
in Chinese also not true everything
you're saying is empirically wrong but
somehow you're getting from your improve
your miss founded empirical observations
to saying well the reason that we're
moving to a service economy is also the
same reason to income inequality is
growing would you have any way
demonstrated the connection of see if
you're getting excited because your
mischaracterizing what I said I would be
unreasonable for me to say America sells
zero cars in China I said they had a
tiny fragment of the market and that
every if you examine every other
countries car market they its dominated
to a much greater degree by domestic
manufacturers than art like the American
is wait so you're saying wait so be
clear there are you saying that the
majority of cars sold in America are not
made by American manufacturers I have to
I don't want to see that's a question
with a mathematical answer I have to go
if well because you just made that claim
so how can you not know it I said I said
that we sell more foreign cars in the
United States than any other developed
countries car market which is in a 1:1
debate to a much greater degree do we
allow foreign car manufacturers the
United States than they do in every
other similarly situated country
in China he stuck
okay here's my claims here's my claims
here's my claims I'll make them for you
so it's very simple is this true do we
sell 23% of the vehicles manufactured in
China is America I wouldn't let sounds
like a huge number to me that's amazing
if it's true but I'm sorry go ahead
okay are you ready orange the current
trade regime that we at we have had over
the third last 30 years that you are
advocating for yeah as created the
deindustrialization of the united states
great right what you call is a good
thing yes which has rapidly increased
income inequality there's other app
there's other things that have caused it
as well as like increased
financialization of the economy like
there's more debt more credit available
so a lot more people have high debt so
they have a much reduced ability to
create wealth we have done stuff like
cut back on public services like
education it's much more expensive now
to get a college education than it was
in the 70s and the 80s so there's all
these other reasons that things have
become more unequal but trade is one of
them and that distributional effect and
I think like I I should just find you a
study we should we shouldn't reconvene
with more studies sure because you're
just you're just listening to what I say
and it's whether or not you believe I
have credibility or not well no I mean I
like I know like for instance like the
widespread economic consensus on for
instance NAFTA is that it benefited the
average American consumer that's like
that's just like it's not even a
contestant yeah but there's a lot of do
you see do you see the way you're
modifying it and I know we got a little
bloody am i modifying it by the way
everybody watching yesterday yeah and I
know how to compartmentalize yelling
over ideas for bad feeling we it's
nothing but love from you to me am i
right
so far we'll see what the point is that
to those what was I even saying but the
distributional effects the
distributional effects
I was reiterating this point you were
saying that the distribution
effects created by our imbalance and
trade and the ship for manufactured a
service has caused inequality to grow or
something yes and that's an empirical
fact well and that the two observations
are empirical connecting one to the
other I'm not as sure well the reason
why is because service industry jobs
tend to pay less also on the average and
the aggregate that manufacturing jobs
among the why me I thought I'd
absolutely can't let that I have to see
a source for that like when you say that
like doctors and lawyers and software
engineers that these things are
considered service engine service jobs
that that in an aggregate these pay less
than manufacturing the very top this is
the very top end this is the very top
end okay I guess it's possible that if
enough manufacturing jobs were protected
by Union pay and then we way down the
service jobs with enough Walmart tier
jobs that maybe that's true I don't have
to see that I mean again it's so like I
think the problem that we're having is
you're just not accept I'm making
empirical claims you don't you don't
agree with them and so we're kind of
coming to a standstill because unless we
can fully marshal that and you can look
at like for example the World Bank just
put out a paper a couple years ago where
they said increased inequality was
reducing GDP growth like that's so
that's and the World Bank is hardly a
communist or leftist organization but
they underline the point I'm making let
me find it let me let me find it for
because I think this is easy to find not
to mention the fact that and we haven't
even gotten into this but I don't even
know if the manufacturing jobs that
we've got back here like they would
still be like borderline like these
would be engineering jobs right we're
never bringing back jobs where people
are working in plants again making you
know high wages that are protected by
labor unions like these are gonna be
like computer engineers and people
building robots destiny this is the link
he's thinking of inequality hurts
economic growth finds oacd research 9 12
2014 reducing income inequality would
boost economic growth according to new
OECD analysis this work finds a
country's who's where income
inequalities decrease and grow faster
than those who with rising inequality
the single biggest impact would you say
that
our inequality is rising or declining it
seems to be rising from what I'm aware
of I don't know if that's due to trade
though that's that could be due to a
whole other element I don't even know if
that's a major I would say this is now
you don't think about weaselly that's
one element if it's something that
contributes to it one person unless the
economy is complicated and everything is
interdependent you can't just pull one
thing out and isolate everything from
one another that complexities are too
great sure but there are probably some
things that we can look at that are
probably having a much bigger impact on
inequality so for instance things like
capital gains tax probably has a much
greater impact on inequality than then
the difference being capital gains are
ordinary you have to prove that so I've
made empirical claims so everybody in
order for me to be refuted and I add
that I might reform my opinion I'm open
to that is that the distributional
effects from transitioning to
manufacturing to service I've been bad
for inequality so this is the logic so
what you just made was not an empirical
claim do you understand so here's an
appear here you've making two empirical
claims okay and then you're making one
like normative statement you're saying
one trade inequality has grown and then
two we're we're increasing our movement
movement from manufacturing to service
the idea that those two things are
causally linked that's a whole other
claim that you absolutely have not
demonstrated so you can't just say that
you've made that empirical claim that's
just true I haven't refuted what you got
I didn't restate the things you're
making two separate claims you're saying
that we've moved from a manufacturing to
a service economy and you're saying
inequality has grown that's two separate
observations both of which I agree with
but those two things aren't necessarily
causally linked to one another well I
made another which is another empirical
claim and that service sector jobs pay
less than manufacturing jobs still
doesn't necessarily causally linked the
other thing too to doesn't link them all
together how is that of course it's
causal no it's not if trait if trade is
causing the industrialization or is an
element in the industrialization you
agree that with that at least right the
trade is causing industrialization
deindustrialization meaning when you say
that you mean that manufacturing jobs
are decreasing as a percentage of our
economy and our this a manufacturing job
for example like carrier in Indiana
I that they had that manufacturing plant
here the United States and they decided
to move it
they automated some of it and they
relocates out of it to Mexico right I
don't know if trade is causing that or
just automation like well you had jobs
we couldn't they they couldn't move it
to Mexico of Mexico didn't have complete
free access to the United States market
sure baby thing happened in the u.s.
marketing the air conditioners to
Americans there but if they kept it in
the English market hold on hold on hold
on they're selling the air conditioners
to Mexican talk to Americans not
Mexicans who make $1 an hour at the
sweatshop so like I said I don't think
Mexicans make $1 an hour
secondly okay yes they did secondly um
oh my god secondly [ __ ] I don't remember
your first point was it was so wrong oh
god what was it Oh
secondly the the manufacturing jobs that
have remained in America even in China
manufacturing jobs are lost Automation
like of course so even if these guys
even part of it even if the
manufacturing stayed here there is no
guarantee that we would have all these
manufacturing jobs that it would still
be some larger percentage of people made
that claim Steve I never made that claim
wait then why do you care if if
manufacturing stays here if it's all
becomes automated and those jobs don't
exist and wealth inequality we continue
to grow again there's a difference
between it declining and it all
happening like this isn't weaselly right
that's not weasely at all thank you
mischaracterize what I said okay I know
we all agree that automation is
decreasing manufacturing in this country
okay I thought you said it was because
any trade I'm sorry I'm sorry maybe I
said I said oh my god how many times did
I say trade is one element in the
economy and things are interrelated what
how what percentage of would you get a
gift you have to give trade Steve that's
an empirical data point that I don't
have at my fingertips but I'm humoring
you because I see that psychically you
need the opportunity to get all your
studying out so I'm helping you out here
but so because I didn't when I woke up
today I didn't think you know Stephen
Vannelli is going to be debating me on
trade today I thought oh I'll take it
easy
I'll watch Michael Brooks and you debate
on trade see if I pick up some new
information and it'll be interesting and
instead hahaha that didn't happen and so
you called me up
and I'm here for you okay see they eat
it Emma listen okay new friend why don't
watch through the debate you can write
down a big old list of claims to me and
shoot him and we'll have a conversation
about them and it'll be so much fun
okay oh my god Steve yeah yeah I want
you to look into these claims okay the
one about the manufacturing like so so
changing jobs from manufacturing to
service increasing inequality if I'm
wrong on that I like to see your points
this is not like I'm actually seriously
trying to get smarter I hope that's what
your goal is - it's not about defending
a position like that's why I think our
last conversation went better because we
were not trying to defend positions and
getting our egos all tied up to being
right or not we were just trying to
figure out what the correct answer is
based on the empirical data and we
focused on the data not on catching each
other and stupid [ __ ] points okay the
last conversation that we had open with
you catching me on how you define the
word moderate economically okay firstly
secondly secondly that was the very
first the very first could you ask me
where do you think Moe do you think most
Americans have moderate economic use no
psyche I would say so
and then you're like actually no they're
quite left-leaning because look at this
data and I'm like oh yeah sure I guess I
thought when you said moderate you meant
like capitalist not like socialist and
you're like oh no Steve you're changing
you're easily so I'm just being very
clear on the definitions now okay I'm
not trying to play gotchas I only the
only reason I called you is because I
saw a clip where you said I was being
weaselly so I came over here you know I
did it I said that there are some broad
no I didn't say that easily I don't
think that the broad I think if somebody
walked into any econ classroom and said
hey some people say that when third
world countries are forced to play by
our environmental standards it makes
their economies less competitive nobody
in that cosmic where's your source for
that where it's like your source but oh
yeah of course this is like common
knowledge obviously then making a
developing country play by the same
environmental standards as a fully
developed economy is going to make them
less competitive that's like a given
that was the only thing I came to say is
because you said it was a weaselly thing
ecology that's just saying that
regulations that make it more expensive
to manufacture mean it it's more
expensive to manufacture amen and you
agree with me buddy then that's all we
needed there we go
okay alright then I wasn't recently then
I was just stating a tautology that
Morgan but here's the point here's the
point you're missing yeah you have yet
yet to deter tell me why it's a good
idea to suspend those environmental
regulation I never said it was a good
idea to suspend those environmental
regulations but that's what you're
allowing American Capital de to do when
it leaves the country where it's not
able to invest in product projects that
so it's okay so let me explain it we I
understand what you're thinking company
take a deep factor in America by
ignoring those environmental regulations
because the state the US government
would stop them but if it moves to
Vietnam maybe you can dump poison
upstream from a village and give a
thousand kids brain tumors and because
Vietnam government is not strong enough
to challenge that company they get to
make more profit we await what know the
isds panels don't let you pollute in
another country that people have
historically lost cases where they've
tried to bring suits to countries about
environmental reasons what are you
talking about have you seen what
downtown Beijing looks like what does
that have to do with isds panels
regulating having having foreign firms
suing a government to change their
environmental regulations oh my god the
trade agreements allow to foreign direct
investment in these countries because
they are assured that those goods they
manufacture in the other country can
come back to the American market and
compete with goods that are forced to
follow those manufacturing those
environmental regulations so let me give
you an example company a and Company B
they both exist in Pittsburgh
Pennsylvania they manufacture the same
commodity widget a so company I'm sorry
just widget company a moves over to
China right and they set up a factory
and they don't in that in factory in
China they don't have to follow the
environmental regulations anymore they
get to pollute into the air and so
everybody in that Chinese village is
affected by the negative externality of
that pollution and it causes sicknesses
and illnesses in that village but who
gives a [ __ ] I am in the investor I live
in New York City if you want me what is
let me finish it's almost done met it
was almost done
you like hypotheticals right and then
you take company a company's A's product
is brought back to America and put on a
shelf next to company B's product and
company a's products is 20% cheaper than
Company B so you the consumer go into
the store you buy Company A because it's
cheaper right yeah so what's happening
here is the American company a that
moved its manufacturing to China is
allowed to avoid the regulations that it
would be following in America so what
you're doing by if American government
signs a trade deal with China where it
allows that to happen what you're saying
is it's okay for that environmental
regulation to be gone around the whole
point I don't understand yeah that does
sound really stupid but that's what
happens but that isn't what happens that
what okay am i yes you are guys please
you're telling me that Chinese
manufacturing doesn't have lower
environmental regulations that American
manufacturing I'm saying that the point
of signing a multilateral trade
agreement like the TPP is to make sure
that they play on the same playing field
that's the TPP did that's the factual
problem that we come to on whether or
not it had environment yeah I mean I can
link you the text of the TPP I mean we
can read it together if you want like
whether or not the TPP's environmental
statements are enforceable or if they
are just dicta do you know what dicta is
like a dictator there's nobody are not
acted upon it just basically means in an
illegal document a legal decision
sometimes the judge writes other [ __ ]
that's not binding on future courts and
he's writing like a story like oh it'd
be really nice if you cared about the
environment okay
well listen I will look into the TV
might my understanding for the TPP stop
is that there are fines that are
enforced on the country if they don't
follow certain government regulations
I'll look into that more to see what the
exact fines are or how it's determined
but every problem that you're having
right now with manufacturers polluting
that's happening right now if you don't
sign the trade deal then it's just
Chinese firms it'll do that and then
they'll ship these products over the
United States like it's not like China
it's not like Beijing is polluted
because other countries other firms are
coming in from other countries and
polluting them right that's China's own
environmental policy that's making those
decisions but the it's the the reason
the capital exists in China to build
those factories in the first place is
because they're coming from foreign
direct investment you literally open
this argument up telling me that China
doesn't let other people come into the
country which one is it that's not what
I said yes you did you literally said
that China has one of the most protected
economies that they don't let other
foreigners come in and invest in their
country and do [ __ ] that was one of
things you oh my god they allow them to
come in and bring money but they can't
take it out and they have to partner
with the Chinese investor there's a
million loops they have to jump through
like that's what I didn't say they
didn't allow any direct Florida
investment what okay so they okay I
don't know why you object that point
wouldn't you earlier then okay
well it will we'll reconvene okay we
need to reconvene on this one because
and by the way like this is all related
to whether or not these in these
hypothetical provisions are enforceable
under the text sure and it's easy it's
we did we need some authorities because
we might just have a difference of
opinion so we need somebody who can
adjudicate this that's that's the issue
and there are people on one side who
agree with that and there are people on
the other side that don't just to be
clear so you said with a China thing
that China lets foreign investors invest
money into their country but they're not
allowed to get anything out of it that's
not what I said wait can you say what
you said no more time I said they have I
said they had capital controls yeah or
indirect investors they have regulations
like they have to have Chinese partners
okay I'm not I'm not an expert on the
domestic Chinese manufacturing
investment can you get money out of
investments that you make in China or is
it impossible
of course you can okay but but but the
point is China is developed by allowing
US foreign direct investment they
sacrificed environmental and labor
regulations
and those for the company's got
something out of it too they got to hire
people at wages lower than Western
workers okay and they got pollute at
levels they wouldn't be permitted to and
to develop the countries but yet their
goods were treated equally in those
Western consumer markets we understand
that right yeah and the people who
gained the people who gained from those
transaction was China and gained because
they had foreign direct investment and
owners of those companies gained because
they were able to get more profits and
the people who lost out were those that
did it weren't employed by the sweatshop
but lived next to them and breathe the
polluted air and who else gain and I'm
gonna get to that okay yeah and then the
American manufacturing employee the
union member who lost his job he lost
tremendously right and then we have some
sort of nebulous gain for the consumer
as a whole the US okay so the question
is whether but here's the thing here's
the question is a so emotionally loaded
yeah a fact is that if you export like
supply chains to other countries you
will sell your products for cheaper in
the cut like that's the whole point of
doing it is to make your industry more
competitive so there's not a nebulous
game by consumers there is a direct
reduction in price they make the
manufacturing costs for the corporation
lower yes which is generally made so
that you could sell the product at the
lower price so you can drive competitors
at a business aka competitors who are
following environmental and labor
regulations alright so in other words
American American manufacturers who
don't outsource uh-huh are in direct
competition with companies that are
destroying the environment and abusing
workers in foreign lands and operating
sweatshops and that's a good yeah that's
true no no you're right you are right
there I think that the best way to deal
with that would be to have a
multilateral trade agreement that
enforces environmental regulations on
every country that they do piss is it
holy [ __ ] you [ __ ] figure it out odd
that's a minute I'm gonna find out what
policy that is or was that may or may
not
even without America and I'm gonna jump
on board with that okay thank you Mike I
love you
okay we'll reconvene on the TPP debate
and it'll be for another 20 hours okay
all the facts I can go for it oh by the
way yeah
Central Committee central underscore
committee you're not saying your name
right let's try I know I know because
Jesus Christ but go over there if you
want to see more Yeley debates follow me
so that it's worth my time and Steve's
time come on over and you can tell me
that I lost this one Mike he got you
it's one way ninety percent of my fan
base hates me anyway you know how most
of America's cars are apparently
manufactured from China most of my fan
base is manufactured from the Soviet
[ __ ] Union so don't worry they'll all
salvage anything though Jack I love you
buddy it's been fun okay
[ __ ] me okay I just want to thought
I just wanna fly kerbals around are the
fines imposed by the TPP agreement of
pollution more than the profit made were
big in the rules they probably should be
otherwise it wouldn't make much sense
you wanna know something funny the
Mexican minimum wage near the US border
is higher than the u.s. minimum wage no
way play Starcraft good Congress do you
regulate derivatives why would the Trump
administration relax laws on mining
pollution why would they do that what is
what is D regulating derivatives or
things related to EPA that's a really
good counter by the way it is a destiny
level hypothetical not even a deci low
but it's a it's a these kind of audacity
level app that all right [ __ ] it
yeah I need a break dude come on
attacked by all sides
I got [ __ ] four hundred million
[ __ ] people
that Cody guy was in my [ __ ]
responses to iLike all these people to
[ __ ] me if that's Cody guy wants to come
on a chat we could do him to the one guy
that does the somewhere now news or
something I remember an Airpark
I'm so confused not too long ago you
were debating righty dipsh it's about
bringing back manufacturing jobs now
you're doing the same with lefties can
you explain populous in general have
like a couple of behaviors that they
follow a populist usually the main
talking points of a populist are I can
help you I'm your friend everybody else
is the enemy right the elites are you
get the unicorn sparticles particles
when they work a full-time job n' have
little time to research are we just
[ __ ] yep populist s-- identify
everybody else like the elites the
political people like companies
corporations like other countries
sometimes like that's generally how
populist do it everybody else is the is
the outside and the enemy and they're
gonna be your path to salvation so in
this sense Donald Trump it's a
right-leaning it's conservative populist
or fascist populist spending are you
look at it Donald Trump identifies
everybody else's the enemy this was fun
to watch
thanks as an omni god liberal I
appreciate your honesty and debates but
it is frustrating seeing someone with a
clear political agenda and opinion use
rhetoric and cherry-picked facts nice
Donald Trump's a right-leaning populist
he identifies right all the political
elites drain the swamp like the
academically it's like all of these
people are the drink my treat thanks and
thanks 42 separate panics with
conspiracy Bernie Sanders is considered
a left-leaning populist right one common
thing that populist do is populist say
hey welcome back buddy globalist have
tried to [ __ ] you all these other
bigwigs are trying to [ __ ] you I'm going
to give you salvation one of the ways
that I'm gonna do that is we're not
gonna let all these other people take
our jerbs we're not gonna let them take
our germs okay we're gonna protect our
IRB's we're gonna make it so we're not
gonna buy [ __ ] from those cars you're
gonna buy America remember those deals
by America okay that's what we're gonna
do right populist love that message it
works for Bernie Sanders it works for
Trump we're gonna bring back
manufacturing we're gonna make my
products in America and by him in
America manufacturing is the base of all
foundations because that's where a lot
of our strong labor unions were in a
place while with our basis rhetoric
great but that's why you see
similarities sometimes between
left-leaning positions and right-wing
positions on trade do you I know
something manufacturing kind of be like
trying to Vietnam are more equal than
service economies I don't know is income
inequality better in China in Vietnam
I'm not sure when he brought up the
trade balance deficit I was convinced of
course she's oh god ah okay so trade I
honest to god I don't even have a good
enough understanding of this to explain
today we actually read a decent bit
about this one stream but it's a little
more complicated but basically your
trade deficit is a function of your that
your net spending versus your net
savings that any country that spends
more than it saves
necessarily has a trade deficit that's
all your trade deficit is your trade
deficit isn't you just sending money to
other countries and losing it forever
that is an insanely naive analysis of
what trade means with other countries it
doesn't work that way
money doesn't just ship off and
disappear forever if that was the case
then like the United States beat like
being funded by other countries buying
our debt by our Treasury bonds it's not
like we're oh no China is buying USD Oh
they bought Treasury bonds our body it's
going away they're taking all our money
they're buying it all like ah like it's
like there's not how that works with
private insurance that covers things
covered by Medicare for all but Medicare
for all is going to be expended to cover
everything
