I had a third interview with the FBI oh
my duderino how are we doing today boys
talk about the FBI call I had a third
interview with the FBI Oh feels good man
apparently somebody photoshopped a video
somebody photo somebody edited a video
so that they took clips of me talking
about violence against conservatives and
then like the video of like me holding a
gun and sent it in and I guess the guy
said that like I was like personally
threatening him or some [ __ ]
was it hard to explain no actually I was
really surprised the guy seemed like he
doesn't know much about my area of the
internet but he seemed like pretty like
joycie sophisticated like he told me
like coming in II was like I have to
check up on this like obviously this
video is edited like I could see like
that your hair is like a significantly
different length between like the
talking clip of the clip of you holding
a gun but obviously is the FBI they have
to check up on it like the video he
never gave me the actual video but are
not getting more driving screams after
Hassan's man I'm probably never doing a
driving stream again that's that [ __ ] is
way too [ __ ] spoken twitch totally
went full-on [ __ ] random on how they
[ __ ] ban for that [ __ ] now so I'll
never [ __ ] do another driving stream
holy [ __ ] I don't even know if I would
trust like a friend in the car doing a
driving I don't know I don't even know
it gets you banned
oops I don't even know what gets you
banned anymore for for driving screams
actually I'm kind of curious somebody
can tell me
hosana claimed that when he was driving
that he like pulled over to like take
his phone out is that actually true I
don't know that's what he said I don't
know that actually happened and they
gave his had a red light Oh
hmm to be fair driving while streaming
in general probably should be banned it
says try driving and about as bad as a
DUI it's not even remotely close to a
DUI depending on how you're handling the
stream I would argue that it's
comparable to having a conversation with
somebody in a car while you're streaming
depending on how much you're focusing on
the screen and [ __ ] around with the
with the thing people don't know it but
like having a conversation on like a
conversation that requires some level of
thought while you're driving is also
something that requires like that takes
attention away from driving destiny [ __ ]
tape yeah I know but
and it's the fact you're driving with
somebody and you might and people might
not want to admit it in chat we're just
fine I don't give a [ __ ] I'm never gonna
take driving a breast job people don't
wanna admit it in chat but um if you've
ever been with somebody that's driving
and having a complicated conversation
with somebody when I say complicated I
mean like what are you doing tomorrow
mean like by having like an in-depth
conversation buddy while driving it
distracts them it is some level of
distraction like you can tell they drive
a little bit worse they might miss
things like it happens but now there
have been studies that convos with
people in cars don't have the same
effect cuz the passenger in the car can
react and slow down the convo in
response to think's going on in the road
there's like so much wrong with that
statement I don't even want to even
wanna well actually it's not that bad
cuz there's something emergencies ahead
the passenger can give you a warning
like okay okay I don't want to think
about this [ __ ] because I'm gonna end up
getting triggered that's today I mean
it's plausible I guess well it's
plausible but the problem is that the
passenger is alerting you to driving
conditions you've already kind of like
made like a huge error and driving right
like if your passengers like watch out
you're gonna crash like oh yeah like
that's not you don't want that right and
if anything I actually that actually
triggers the [ __ ] out of me that's
actually like a huge pet peeve I have if
I'm driving with somebody and and this
has happened to me before where
somebody's like watching something on
their phone or though hear something and
they're like oh and then I hear that
event what and I'll be like freaking the
[ __ ] out cuz it's what the [ __ ] is going
on like all right when people do that as
a passenger it's actually my number one
[ __ ] trigger is when I hear somebody
like in the past is like like what
because they're like looking at
something else or whatever's like oh
okay there is absolutely no [ __ ]
reason why Kay bubbles is not banned for
her driving that is some absolute
[ __ ] I would make way stronger
statements on that if I didn't
legitimate ly think I would get banned
for some random ass [ __ ] [ __ ] but
that's like you need to make a PR
statement or Kay bubbles is under more
investigation and a bigger ban is coming
down the line I have no [ __ ] idea
okay buddy yeah one even has a [ __ ]
driver's license and two like she
[ __ ] crashes Mitch's I don't even
know how to [ __ ] somebody like that is
even a lot of [ __ ] car she it's like
a [ __ ] fire hydrant or the [ __ ]
sphere what was she doing
like an honest straight like [ __ ]
thing she just like I have no idea like
it's insane how cables is not banned and
it's not even like I even care she's not
bein rude twitch like sure she should
have a license maybe I don't know if
she's old enough for like I don't know
how old she is oh my god holy [ __ ]
[ __ ] dude you see her on her phone you
say well driving it's not I don't carry
so much about like on your phone or
whatever it's just like having like zero
awareness of like what's happening I'm
like just blazing through not only was
she blazing through stop signs when she
watched the clip of her blazing through
stop signs like my like my take on that
as like if you're gonna do it I mean
[ __ ] at least be aware of your [ __ ]
but like when she's in she's like oh I
didn't even run that stop sign see yeah
I can't do a sapling
well [ __ ] these weren't even close to
stops do you not realize that or just
not want to like say it our stream like
what would be a reason you would move on
from twitch is a streaming platform to
say YouTube I'm hugg it Ben how can that
be a depend i don't know cuz if you're
like bumper to bumper traffic and you're
moving like two miles an hour you drive
with your knees [ __ ] care what the
[ __ ] is gonna happen is some [ __ ] car
gonna come flying out of the sky you
have to dodge or some kid gonna come
running into the middle of [ __ ]
traffic you're gonna run them over at
two miles an hour like that I thought
some distractions due to the big
touchscreens and new cars like the ones
in Tesla's I think a lot of those don't
work while you're driving right see I
really would like to ask destiny this I
almost wanted to get in a call with him
on this but I'm afraid of I'd look like
a total idiot so I'm not sure I want to
do it but I want to ask destiny this
[Music]
close I wonder what his stance is I
wonder what his stance is on
bullfighting and cockfighting because if
I understand him correctly he shouldn't
care and then I wonder if what the [ __ ]
are you even talking about
dissecting me Mandy weird Jam I'm sorry
so so here's the question does he think
that you are is it possible in his in
his head is it possible to be against
bullfighting and still eat beef no bull
are yep bull fighting dog fighting
whatever it's all a Oh
if you're not a [ __ ] vegan you need
to shut the [ __ ] up about bullfighting
you need to shut the [ __ ] up about
dogfighting that's not even like that's
an argument that I could have in my
[ __ ] sleep okay you could wake me up
it'd be like to him right Oh what's up
anybody destiny we've brought the master
meat eater debater in the world here oh
yeah he's ready to debate about whether
he can eat meat and be against
bullfighting okay bring him up huh bring
a book and I could win that debate in
two minutes and have enough time to go
back to sleep before I even [ __ ]
fully woken up that's how [ __ ] easy
that debate is okay it's so easy can you
explain what you think intention doesn't
matter here one is torture for
entertainment one is nutrition both
watching Bulls tear each other up in a
[ __ ] ring and eating meat are both
forms are both forms of recreation
neither one is necessary you just do it
because it's fun okay do you equate the
entertainment gained from dogs such
bullfighting morally with the
nutritional gains eating meat goes more
or less yeah I think they're pretty I
think they're pretty comparable well you
could argue like if you want to talk
about like levels of wrongness if we did
yield more consideration to animals
you'll gift I don't know if you oldest
Craig there then you could say
bullfighting is probably a little bit
worse not that much though well well
actually mmm actually I'm not even sure
if that's true I would actually have to
think about that a lot actually because
for bullfighting I could argue that with
bullfighting you can take two animals
and then torture and kill them but it
could be for the entertainment of
thousands tens of thousands hundreds of
thousands of people with just two
animals right and you could even enjoy
it later by watching our TV whereas for
animal agriculture you have to
constantly enslave torture and then
murder animals in order to feed people
so I actually oh [ __ ] mark people saying
cameras my camera frozen cuz it's not
frozen right stream at all so actually I
don't even know actually if bullfighting
is worse than meat eating there because
it because with bullfighting you might
reduce the overall amount of harm that
but then that kind of that is asking
slightly a different question but do you
have to torture though or is it just
laziness on the AG industry I mean it's
combination both if they if there was
less like torture or better conditions
involved the meat would be significant
more expensive you banned too many
people for your severed it to grow I
mean
you can just look at the separative
stats I mean it still grows thank me
it's all it's past sixty one thousand
people now it's grown quite a bit over
the past few days I do been a lot of
people but like I think that
heavy-handed moderation or is better
than thin light-handed moderation and
everybody that I've been recently just
needs to go like hop over to the hop
over to the [ __ ] lefty subreddits and
get the [ __ ] out holy [ __ ]
oh that brings me to a wonderful point I
I can't even sometimes I wonder if
there's like some [ __ ] universe [ __ ]
if I'm like in a simulation did you guys
see the UH did you guys see the David
Pakman video oh my god
this is six minutes of ID times to it
where is this Pakman video that he just
uh here it is
okay Bri but this is so crazy I'm going
to juice this video like writers I
really want to talk to him about this oh
my god I wanna talk about this so much I
put it on one point oh wait I think I
put on two times I've been thinking for
a while about whether to do the story
that I'm going to do right now and I
think about generally for couple months
more intensely for the last ten days or
so when the reason I totally approve of
you is that I know it's going to have a
negative impact on my show because of
our specific segment of the audience um
let me about ten days ago Tim Poole
who's an independent journalist he says
he and he tweeted about 10 days ago
quote my left knee friends messaged me
every so often that they are scared of
speaking out against the far left
because they will get attacked because
they won't push back on the far left
Dems don't see opposition and embrace
woke Twitter this will lead to Trump's
2020 landslide and my reaction was this
is Tim agitating again and I wrote back
on Twitter quote I'd be genuinely
curious who those Lackey friends are
I've never met anyone lucky nope enemy
dia who's afraid to say what they
believe period I would love to interview
someone prominent who can talk about
these fears and they have and their few
hours went by and I had to be honest
with myself it's not a fear of the
far-left that I have but I am one of
those people Tim talk about who is here
about dealing with certain issues in the
way I want to deal with them not because
they go against the Pope far laughter
because I'm afraid of calling out what I
see is the far left think that on
turnout or knows me but I've been pushed
away from talking about certain topics
at least a certain way because I realize
there's no website my core audience will
agree right winners will disagree as
they often do but there is this sliver
of the left that will be so furious with
me that they will wreak havoc over our
entire online presence YouTube emailing
tweeting all of this stuff for two weeks
if I say certain things and there's
really very long shot you're doing that
so I might pour this too fast I can turn
it down to 1.5 I'm sorry there you go
this whole video so far has basically
been him warning his audience please
don't [ __ ] hate me
there you go even though any further let
me be like insanely click crystal-clear
here to avoid any misunderstandings I'm
not having a right-wing awakening ok
this is not me changing the show to be
critical of small slices of the left and
focus on them more than they actually
deserve to be focused on this is not me
saying I've changed my mind on any
political issue this is me just
admitting that I've been sort of pushed
away from dealing with certain stories
as frequently as I might otherwise deal
with them because when I tell the truth
as I see it about these stories there is
a slice of the left that goes so bonkers
that it is simply not worth it so let's
talk about some specifics I'm gonna give
you examples of what I mean and I know
that I am causing hell to rain down upon
me as a result of doing this but I'm
just going to tell it the way I see it
just the other day I got a call from
someone who told me hey David people of
color can't be racist and white people
can't be the victims of racism and I
just said it the way I saw the way I see
it my position is super clear in the
United States most frequently people of
color are the victims of racism and not
the racists and white people frequently
are the perpetrators and not the victims
of racism but white people can be
victims of racism people of color can be
racist and we need to distinguish
between racism and depression on the
basis of race I haven't said a word
about it since I covered it two weeks
ago because a small part of the left
when absolutely unhinged
made of the day-to-day of my online
experience insufferable widget are you
excited to play apex when you get home
bonus meanwhile we yep I was their goal
now I'm a big boy I can take it I'm okay
but it pushes me away from continuing to
hit the wasps nest with a stick every
single day when I talk about tulsi
gabbard
there is no other 2020 candidate that I
can talk about casually as I sometimes
have about tulsi gabbard
that will trigger the level of hatred
and violence 'as as when I mentioned
Tulsi Gabbard Tulsi is a presidential
candidate polling about 1% when I talk
about other candidates who poll 1% Amy
Klobuchar
Bill DeBlasio whoever the reactions are
to the content of what I say and if I
talk about Tulsi Gabbard that's all seat
sycophants lose their minds they smear
me they slander me the way they did to
The Young Turks and a kasparian when she
did a segment about Tulsi so do I not
talk about Tulsi no I talk about her but
I avoid getting too involved
she's polling 1% she's gonna go away
soon why talk that much about policy
when the followers are truly toxic and
there is very little upside let's talk
about the squad those four ethnic
minority congresswoman I basically don't
talk about them because I can't do any
serious critique
without being called a racist without
being told that I am a centrist
Democratic establishment chill now
you'll notice if you watch the show the
last 10 days I have been covering this
absolutely horrible xenophobic racist
treatment of the squad by Donald Trump
recently but that's safe right if I try
to issue any kind of critique of the
squad whatsoever for example I have
questions about their strategy
while very inspired and principled will
be strategy and tactics of the squad
achieve legislative goals because I view
them as lacking the political savvy to
understand how coalition work coalitions
work to understand how politics achieves
things in the United States and if I
have that conversation and I tried poor
David he racist
David you centrist Nancy Pelosi Phil my
politics are to the left of Hillary my
politics are to the left of Biden my
politics are to the left of Pelosi but I
am very skittish about doing any kind of
critique of the squad because there's a
sliver of the left that will punish me
every time and I wonder is it even
really worth it I have other things to
talk about yesterday on the bonus show
we talked about another issue which I
know is like a tinderbox issues of
gender and parenting around gender and
trans issues there is no stronger
supporter of trans rights than me use
any bathroom you want I don't care it
should be illegal to fire someone
because of their gender identity because
of a change to their gender identity
because of their status as a trans
individual we should use the gender
pronouns for people that they want us to
use when we address them or refer to
them I'm all for it
but I worry about pushing you can I just
give you a pro tip for debates with the
right in the future and it especially if
you're a friend of an audience if
somebody tells you can black people be
racist against white people the answer
is just [ __ ] yes okay
just say yes don't eat the L on that one
you will never ever ever to try to give
some insanely convoluted definition of
racism you're never gonna win that
debate okay everybody's gonna hate you
just [ __ ] say yes and then you can
explain the difference between
institutional structure alized racism
versus individual races tactless axe'
later but if you say no you've lost like
95% of the [ __ ] audience already like
what gender neutrality on kids to a
degree that doesn't make sense
empirically the truth is and I said this
yesterday on the bonus show I know I'm
opening up a Pandora's box
the truth is statistically very few kids
experience gender related issues in the
sense of huh being born with male
genitalia and feeling as though they're
female or vice versa or being on binary
etc and I've seen no evidence that
pushing a gender neutrality to the
degree of don't refer to my baby as he
or she total neutrality with toys and
clothes shielding the children
themselves from their gender I think
that there's a good chance this does
more damage than good and the truth is
kids live in the world they live in
society they will see representations of
boys and girls in media if they have a
question about their gender identity
they're going to know it even if we
treat them as boys or girls as they grow
up I will be called transphobic for this
statement and it's why I stay away from
the topic altogether I dealt with it on
the bonus show yesterday some people
emailed me and said David you really
should just say what you think on your
regular public broadcast show another
issue Israel and Palestine I believe
that I am in agreement with the bulk of
leftists on 95% of novels in completely
against
the administration of Benjamin Netanyahu
because I'm on the left and he's on the
right I'm against the legal settlements
in the Palestinian territories I believe
they must stop immediately I want to
find the most direct path possible to
ending the car blockade I want to return
sovereignty over the Palestinian
territories including East Jerusalem in
a solution that I want to advance as
quickly as possible but I don't believe
Israel is uniquely bad as an actor I
don't believe IDF soldiers have any
unique blood lust relative to the
militaries and armies of other countries
I believe that if the goal were simply
let's kill as many Palestinian civilians
as possible the death toll would be
untold orders of magnitude higher and I
do believe that there is way more veiled
anti-semitism within the anti Israeli
movement than many on the left like to
admit but we basically agree on policy
and this is another topic I tend to shy
away from given the option of talking
about that or something else I tend to
shy away because laying out what I just
laid out is a huge risk for me because
of that slice of the left Venezuela as
many of you know I'm against American
regime change in Venezuela I'm against
American involvement in Venezuela I know
being from Argentina the history of
disastrous American involvement in Latin
America but I also think the Shabbos and
Maduro regimes have been disastrous for
Venezuela and its people and merely
saying that causes a slice of the left
to say that even if I say I'm against
regime change merely by criticizing
Maduro I am legitimizing regime change
by the United States and fomenting or
enabling the America American
involvement in Venezuela I can't win so
I shy away from it but the right
obviously disagrees with me on all of
these issues so who cares right but if
I'm totally honest with myself in with
you I do shy away from certain topics
because of what I know will be a toxic
reaction from from a slice of the left I
will lose financial support because of
this story I mean this is the saddest
thing guaranteed doing this story that
right now these 1012 minutes we can
spend talking about this I will lose
financial support even though I've
clarified that nothing has changed
I hold all of the exact positions as I
always have but merely spelling this out
will lead some people to cancel their
memberships will lead some people to
cancel their patron pledges but I've
decided to tell you that this is going
on that this self-censorship is going on
I've repeated many times when YouTube
videos get monetized I could say let me
pick stories that will remain monetized
I've never done that and fortunately
we've been growing our in direct
financial support where it hasn't become
a financial choice that I have to make I
do the stories I think are important
with regard to monetization but the
truth is that the blowback that there's
been from a sliver of the left totally
toxic low back on some stories has
pushed me away from talking about
certain issues as much and it's not a
good thing and elet orally it's a
concern as well because as I talked
about much of what Donald Trump does is
designed to divide the left and
we need to resist that because we need
to keep our eyes on the ball and there's
so many other reasons why that's
important a similar analysis applies
here as well we really just need to be
talking about what's important to
discuss and the fact that I admit I have
self-censored around some issues because
of these blowback totally toxic reaction
concerns that I have it's not good in
any way shape or form now it is possible
and this is where you know I just have
to understand that this is the dynamic
the reactions the taking over of all of
our social media platforms in the email
writing campaigns and the tweets and
everything to some degree it probably is
designed to get me to stay away from the
topics and I I mean I feel terrible that
in a sense it has worked
but I'm laying it out for you and I'm
being completely transparent with you
about the reality that this is something
that isn't going on I want to hear from
you what's your reaction what do you
think I will absolutely tell you what
happen in the next week as a result of
me coming clean about this I'm on
Twitter at D Pakman follow me there the
show is on Twitter at David Pakman show
I look forward to hearing from you oh
that's quite the video that's quite the
video huh hmm no what could make that
video more interesting but I'm going to
do let's see what the responses to this
video I've been thinking for on some
subreddits hmm let's see we have bread
tube what a bread tube have to say about
this video the number one comment I
wonder often how useful pieces like this
are it's not really a critique of
leftist organization or outreach as he
says in the video multiple times the
reaction when he says these things comes
from a tiny portion of the left instead
this video does instead what this video
does is more to make it appear too
liberal such centrist who watch someone
like Pakman that has left that the left
is fraught with infighting it serves
whether intentionally or not to make it
seem like the left is Petty and
incapable of building consensus there's
like let's say this is the number one
comment all right the number two comment
okay this actually pisses me off can't
do any serious critique without being
called a racist I'm sorry what I see
left his critiques of all four of those
Congress women all the time
AOC as much as I love her is super soft
on Israel and she wasn't very supportive
of Olano mark so what's really the
problem because one thing I've learned
over the years if you're afraid of
saying something because you might be
called racist for saying it the problem
isn't with everyone who's gonna call you
racist
the problem is with what you want to say
oh the third
David Pakman is a reactionary sellout
shills for imperialism capitalism throws
aoc and L on Omar under the bus talk
[ __ ] on Palestine supports imperialism
in Venezuela I could go on the next
response to that I can't believe I used
to consider people like him Jimmy Dore
and Kyle kolinsky leftist low so explain
further are you trying to approach all
the life from a community or just a
disingenuous one's pushing an agenda why
not put it that way rather than saying
you want all lefties gone I think that
people that like identify like here's a
hot take okay you know how Hasan uses
like the hammer and sickle [ __ ] and like
and just says like it's just for memes
that to me is the same as people that
have like the kick-ass Tanny flag that's
like the Nazi symbol and like oh that's
just a meme if you like LARP like a
pretend to do like socialist [ __ ] we're
not social [ __ ] like tanki [ __ ] like us
is our [ __ ] whatever that's the exact
same to me as people that run around
doing like the [ __ ] pretend Nazi [ __ ]
okay these are the types of people that
I just want to [ __ ] they like pieces
to [ __ ] out so anybody that pretends to
do that that dumb [ __ ] tanki [ __ ]
the capitalist blood in the streets the
homeowner all that dumb [ __ ] is like
those are the people don't want and that
people are incapable of being critical
of anybody like on the extreme left if
you hear it's like here's like I should
make like a text book for people that I
don't want in my community if you think
Pelosi is a right-wing or that like that
like Hillary and Pelosi are like
conservatives or whatever I don't [ __ ]
watcher here okay I can get the [ __ ] out
okay that's like my that's my metric
okay that's my litmus test all right the
hammer and sickle isn't just related to
the USSR will you tame it is it like the
red flag and all that [ __ ] isn't that
pretty USSR see no I'm gonna be totally
honest I don't know because I don't dive
into a lot of commie [ __ ] [ __ ]
because I have so many other things I
really waste my time on than reading
about some irrelevant [ __ ] [ __ ] that
has nothing to do with anything right
but isn't saying like oh well the hammer
and sickle stuff that's not really USSR
stuff isn't that kind of like people who
are like oh well the swastika that used
to be a symbol of peace - like also I
think it's hilarious how many lefty
people screech about like oh it's cuz he
doesn't want to read it's cuz and 99.9%
of these [ __ ] I've never picked
up a [ __ ] book that wasn't assigned
to them but as [ __ ] homework - okay
which is evident when people freak the
[ __ ] out of a wrench I was like maybe
you should investigate a little bit of
flossing
I shouldn't have to pick up a book to
talk about the event calm used to be
okay with vegan game server using Hitler
memes
because he was a vegetarian I don't know
the problem is you read it has been
taken over where these people live in or
degrees views now I'm gonna call it de
credit that's okay we're banding them
one at a time all right what one person
at a time we'll do it people who have
spent years reading material to prepare
themselves for social education are
crying over your brain to take them out
yeah but you say that but you go to
school don't you go to school for like
political science and every critique
you've given me on Twitter has made
equally [ __ ] brain-dead Luna you
realize that right and you tried to pick
a fight on the easy shot on the
vegetarian [ __ ] without realizing like
how absolutely [ __ ] outclassed you
were in a conversation like where a
second animals pets and farm animals are
totally different
are they really though let's think for
like two six minute oh well this is
actually does it Louis you're next
people that's actually really boring
conversation okay dude like chill come
on should you do reading or not I'm
confused yeah absolutely you should if
you have the time to or whatever I don't
give a [ __ ] about the vegetarian debate
URI tart why are you being able list
though now we're bringing at the ableism
Oh have you ever critique of any take
I've given here's the thing okay if I'm
gonna have a conversation with like a
race realist and their response to me is
to fire off like we'll check out this
pace but a fifty million [ __ ] fifty
million [ __ ] takes or fifty million
[ __ ] links on like random studies
like dude the [ __ ] can you not make an
argument can you say anything like you
know I'm realistic they're not gonna
read this right and then let these do
the same [ __ ] like okay hey you know
that like everything you just told me
like nothing really makes sense right
you ever read enough that's why okay
well like I mean like so if you still
have the profit motive in like your
market socialist system I don't see how
that illuminates you know like the the
idea that people would lobby presenting
cars cuz you haven't read the books
don't understand morally like dude
everything you just said was [ __ ]
wrong it's just stupid nothing you said
me said and I'm like okay then literally
it is the only the most insulated but
the funny thing is isn't like even if I
grant that you've always tell okay well
maybe I don't understand because I am
missin missin form it makes everything
you're saying even more relevant because
if I don't understand it and I do this
[ __ ] every [ __ ] day there's no
[ __ ] way the average [ __ ] worker
who doesn't even know what the [ __ ] like
climate change is or what a sock dem is
is gonna have any [ __ ] idea what the
[ __ ] you're talking about that socialist
revolution is it like you're gonna have
to schedule it before people's curfews
okay because 95 percent of the people
those rallies have to go home to mom and
dad at the end of the night if they're
gonna get [ __ ] grounded alright like
oh come on let's be real now
alright there's a reason why lefties
always say it has to be a revolution -
it's because they know they would never
get their should pass democratically
because they don't have the [ __ ]
support for it you talk to like a lit
you talk to like a you talking like a
progressive lefty on line and they think
that like oh 99 percent of America's
ready for this socialist [ __ ]
revolution are already dude 99 percent
of America doesn't even know what a sock
dem is right if you actually get off
Twitter and step outside of like your
little group of friends bonus people
like hey what's up do you know what sock
dem stands for oh no that's cool you
don't know - it means social democrat
though you know what that is right
no [ __ ] idea people you like adding
what the [ __ ] are you talk social
democrat what is that socialism they'd
have no [ __ ] idea what the [ __ ]
you're talking about like yeah and the
funny thing is is that past that they
won't even know what a socialist is what
is a socialist I don't know isn't
someone what's the government to take
all of our money and give it to
everybody like yeah I've been watching a
life game for six months and I still
don't even know what a sock that is yeah
lefties don't realize most people have
actual jobs and Families they don't have
time for Internet public yeah that's
like the huge disconnect between like a
lot of like the online yeah but that's
I'm not like the thing that's like
irritating me the most
I noticed this the most the thing that I
noticed the most looked like the huge
turn-on for me and it's hard to tell
because I have to disaggregate like if
somebody is shook talking me is it
because they actually is agreed that I
stares because they [ __ ] hate me
because a lot of people just disagreed
having a sex a hippie it's just like
it's kinder than anything but when I was
at with when I was talking to that guy
when they intercept and I was in
Hassan's after stream for one of the
Democratic debates and I brought up I
even said this in a really soft way
because I consider this to be almost
self-evident when I brought up I don't
think the average voter is like
primarily concerned with climate change
I don't think that's what like a
working-class like voter is like really
concerned with and the whole telling
what are you talking about it's the most
important for the nation like holy [ __ ]
how [ __ ] disconnected
are you [ __ ] bit what the [ __ ] you
really think that like the normal like
nine to five eight to six working
America that comes home to their [ __ ]
family Renee is thinking about like
climate change like no these people want
higher wages these people want like some
place to [ __ ] retire right they want
their kids to go to school they probably
want health care these are like the
things that like a normal working class
person you're not thinking about like
well what can we do to get
why did we leave the Paris climate
Accord you know how can we get China
roped in to two modernizing away from
fossil feel like the average [ __ ]
American doesn't give a [ __ ] about this
[ __ ] like what the [ __ ] are you thinking
right I'm a Democrat on the south we
don't care about climate change you want
better pay for our work we're time yeah
that's another thing too is it like
online progressives totally miss all the
moderate Democrat I think [ __ ] I wish I
had this I think this came from some 538
point the majority I think the majority
of the Democrat Party already thinks the
party is too far left like people
totally miss like the whole blue dog
working-class Democrat they have no idea
that there are so many Democrats that
are conservative like they totally miss
it
they think I like the whole Democrat
Party is like ready to go march of the
streets behind AOC and it's like with
the flood but wait it's a Democrat or
democratic up somebody emailed me a long
time ago and said one of these is like
an insult and I had never known
apparently he's a Democrat Party it's an
insult the Democratic Party is like the
way I don't actually know why I but I
never got a decision why is democrat
party an insult destiny that's because
of the a political nature of today's
people the proletariat used to be more
politically active before okay
conservatives say Democrat Party because
they think it's an insult okay
i watch you argue against your own
tactic right now against Lauren
Sutherland Lawrence southern is argument
is a the boots on the ground talking to
people anecdotal spin I mean like I
tweeted out a while ago but we should
spend like a stream reading this there
is so much polling data that like you
can pour through and none of this
polling data is gonna show you that like
the majority of the Democratic Party is
progressive it's just not it the
Progressive Party is like a slice a very
small part of the Democratic Party
that's why people like Biden that's why
Hillary like sweep the nomination it's
why people like Bernie still aren't
pulling at Biden's level right like
there's a reason why and it's because
even though they're really loud online
progressives still are only a part of
the Democratic Party okay listen
chill okay junebug okay I don't know why
it's really weird because goosey jumped
on this Twitter threads of the same
thing Luna will do this thing where Luna
will say hey all of your takes about
this thing or bad okay and I plate you
can I should go back and you can read
our Twitter thread actually somebody can
link our Twitter time with one okay so
did Lewis said hey all of you things are
bad do you even know what critical
analysis is I don't like okay how are
any of my previous bad takes related to
critical
she said well they're all bad it's like
okay well how are they bet how well
they're bad because you haven't done
this things like okay well what about
any of these is bad and it took like
seven tweets to actually get her to say
something of substance like what is the
thing that's bad about and then like and
then that's when we got into the
vegetarian thing and then like six
tweets later she's like oh [ __ ] I have
no idea what the [ __ ] I'm talking about
and then that conversation died but like
that this like I think she's I think
you're doing it in chat right now alone
oh really oh you just haven't read
enough you're not scholarly to do this
it's like okay like name a position like
what's a topic like what are you talking
about like but you know now you're just
saying it like I'm not qualified which
is ironically the same thing that they
already is doing they talked to me but
what progressive policies do you
actually oppose for their merits instead
of how much support the polling data
says it has I probably support almost
every single progressive policy I can't
think of any well maybe some of the
economic stuff I'm not protectionist I
don't know if protectionism has become
roped into progressivism or not it seems
like it has because burning and Warren
are kind of like the progressive people
and it seems like they support it and
I'm probably not in favor of like a
national minimum wage I don't think I
don't think I'm in favor of like a
national level minimum wage I think that
should probably be targeted as specific
as possible and then I'm I'm pretty I
know we had our conversation I'm feel
like I'm still on board with like free
college I would ever think about it more
but I literally didn't even want to talk
about the vegetarian thing what the [ __ ]
you technic okay so you can say that so
here's two statements that you've made
Steven you gave a lot of nuclear bad
dumb stupid [ __ ] takes on Twitter you
should stop doing politics and then - I
didn't even want to talk about the
vegetarian thing okay but then you tweet
this at me yes Steven because clearly
domestic pet animals are the same as
factory farm animals are the same as
wild animals yes of course fivehead
how can you fire up a tweet like that
well saying that I don't think about my
tweets and then complain that you didn't
even want to talk about vegetarianism
then why would you tweet that at me like
what like why would you even start that
why would you even open that dialogue
like it was probably not a good idea how
many views do you think asan organically
grew himself like then discovered him
without knowing you at first I don't I
don't think I've moved Hasan politically
on any fun any issue we have the
vegetarian combo that I'm so our class
10 it's just boring you can
that it's boring that's fine but you
tweeted some real dumb [ __ ] at me well
try to take a shot at me and it was just
horribly [ __ ] wrong it was like the
stat it was like the Louisville high
school not even like the grade school
level mediator argument where it's like
it's pretty clear you've never thought
about this in your entire life
and then you thought you like [ __ ] did I
screw soma I probably spent more time
[ __ ] arguing veganism and [ __ ] than
any other [ __ ] issue and you thought
you could just Knight that comment I
mean Twitter and I were just like ah you
got me like come on dude like what like
what what was dumb you on ironically
implied that there is a meaningful
distinction between domestic pet animals
and factory farm animals and wild
animals that somehow made one worthy of
moral consideration and the other not
like that's what you imply in this tweet
maybe you're not cognizant of that I'm
not sure but like I think that's a
pretty dumb [ __ ] statement and I'm
curious if you could defend it you can't
spoiler alert
you can't spoiler alert you will never
be able to defy promise that is an
argument you are never going to be able
to defend what do you want I'm here I'm
in discord Luna hello
alright what do you want to talk about
you're the one who told me to get in
here okay what were you talking about in
chat my issue is I'm just concerned like
the only reason I even started replying
to your tweets is just like I'm
concerned that you're commenting on
things out of I guess the desire to like
I like that you're trying to become an
existing example of a great example the
my my most I guess triggering one was
the Bernie Bernie biden busing okay
tweet and people said you walk that back
like I didn't follow that hello so my
issue was that people people claimed
they hated by him because of busing they
hated by Anika's bytom's against busing
hate about it it's like okay well
[ __ ] that's a [ __ ] lie
now if you want to pretend and so we
will never I'm gonna tell you right now
that we'll never agree on this but I
promise you I promise you that most
people had no [ __ ] idea about that
until it was revealed that Bernie was
actually against busing house like hold
on well let's find out why biden was
against busing and now let's find out my
burden was dispensing and I don't even
know if those
humans are great Biden was against
busing for probably for political
reasons his stated reason was a
separation of like stated are you
thinking well you're you're going you're
going quickly and I want to make sure
I'm finding what you're saying so you're
saying that you're frustrated with the
fact that people were only upset with
Biden strictly for the fact that he was
in support of busing yes no or then he
was against but not his reason it yet
against it not his reasoning for
opposing person correct but but because
Bernie people are now coming to find
that he also opposed busing but for
different reasons people are now like
analyzing that further analyzing the
reasoning you're upset about that yes
but I don't even think that was the case
yeah I know which is why we'll never
agree on that position so pick out
another tweet but that's what I'm most
angry about oh well then I I don't know
how we would even begin to somebody he
said no I never said it was a ma'am I
can that it was interesting I said that
it was interesting that people care more
III do draw it a sinker there's a
there's probably a difference in how
they approached it but nobody cared
about Biden's rationale for being
against busing until it came out that
Bernie was also because there's like
hold on why was it different of course
they care about the rationale people
cared about the ration not at the time
as well okay they've they cared because
it was racially motivated wait whose was
racially motivated Biden's how is it
racially motivated what do you mean
perhaps some uninformed how is it not
I'm sorry no I I'm not gonna play that
trick Luna tell me how his was racially
motivated you just made that claim
that's a big birdie bro claim
how was Biden's racially motivated when
he opposed busing what do you mean
you're not gonna pull those memes wait
you know you have no idea oh my god
you're literally double you just came on
here to accuse me are you googling it
right now do you can you tell me why
Biden's I'm talking to you right now
wait why are you yelling I genuinely
don't understand why because you've been
sniping these real snide tips should ask
[ __ ] comments on all my tweets and
now would I bring you here you just made
a huge ass [ __ ] claimant you have no
idea what the [ __ ] you're talking about
what the [ __ ] Luna was she going oh my
god dude she's so funny bro no I'm
literally in chat I'm in just gonna
enjoy
I'm not googling [ __ ] okay literally
just said I just said
perhaps I'm uninformed how is it not if
you're perhaps uninformed
why are you critical of me on Twitter
for talking about things that I'm no
note that I'm not informed about your
question only answer your question I'll
answer your question here is why I am
sniping you as you say on Twitter
because I'm willing to admit I don't
talk about bussing on my stream because
honestly I'm not as informed as I should
be to be used utilizing my platform to
talk about it and you're sitting here
you don't know what the [ __ ] you're
talking about
either I'm waiting on what what do I
don't know I am willing I am willing
genuinely willing to sit and reflect on
what I don't know and willing to not
[ __ ] talk about it and you're over
and what did I reply to that tweet I
said maybe you should stop talking about
politics right that's what I said how
can you know how can you know I'm
criticizing the fact that you're talking
about things that you're unimportant how
could you know that
I'm not informed about it if you're not
informed about it what is how does that
even make sense I'm not sure how like I
could say like I feel like I could come
at back and do the same thing to you and
it wouldn't get anywhere because like if
I'm arguing that you're uninformed and
you're arguing that I'm uninformed then
we're coming to the table with different
information it's gonna be a stalemate on
bling but I know I'm aware of this the
only reason I made those tweets because
I started reading more about it and when
I started digging into the fact that
Bernie supported busing and that Biden
supported busing and looking into the
demoscene
know what I'm Deb what else do you know
about busing wait
okay so earlier okay so there are two
things you just said you just said that
you're willing to admit when you don't
know something about something but right
before you made that statement you said
right right before you made that
statement you said that Biden was
against busted because of like racial
issues I do not have to be informed to
know that your tweet is brain-dead okay
and I definitely know this is the
progressive movement ladies and
gentlemen holy SH like encapsulated in
one statement I don't have to know
anything about what you're saying I'm
nothing to me are you a part of I don't
know I'm part of the army liberals you
literally just said I don't need to know
anything about your tweet to know how
but how dumb it is I don't have to know
anything about your tweet I just have to
know enough to know about not only
bussing at the time but like the social
climate at the time and like what was
happening when Bernie and I guess at the
time that that was happening
sure so okay so in case you missed it
you also completely proved my point
when I said that people don't even know
why biden was against bussing because
you just said it was for racial reasons
and you can't and you and you don't even
know what you mean when you said it
honestly please tell me well no wait
right so I want to know you thought that
but wait I know you thought that Biden
was just busing because he was a racist
is that what you know I thought that it
was racially motivated I'm genuinely
asking you to sell me like racially
motivated how please correct me please
correct me please I'm like I'm literally
coming here here's the thing
I don't give a [ __ ] about being
embarrassed on stream because I'm out
you're like abusing a platform I
genuinely asking you tell me tell me
okay so it wasn't racially motivated
then what was the political motivation
for opposing busing of the political
motivation the lens of Biden sure the
political motivation was that in certain
districts such as the one that Biden was
he was getting super heavy push back
from his electorate at the time and it
seemed like an issue that wasn't worth
staking his entire career on because
this didn't have heavy support from any
community that the black and the white
community didn't seem to support busing
is like a first option alternative to
actually dealing with this type of stuff
and a lot of the federal busing programs
weren't as effective as some of the
state-level ones either now we can argue
whether or not like was he doing it to
be politically expedient he actually
believed in it and I think there's good
arguments there right
should have been more of a leader and
supported it sure but you just say it
was because of racial racial motivations
or whatever like what is the what am I
sitting there that Biden hated black
people and that's why he was against it
that's an absurd reading of that no I
guess where I was coming from was that
one sec time music playing I guess where
it's coming from was like if my
understanding was I everyone opposed it
like well maybe I don't know where I'm
coming from people make a big deal about
it now cuz it's an easy way for
progressives I don't buy nothing about
like no not about and the thing is it's
like I didn't even like when I'm looking
at Biden and like why I want to
criticize him like blessings not the
first thing looking I like the social
climate right like at the time like
people like not supporting bussing at
the time universally like I'm not even
that's not the first thing I'm gonna pin
him on the wall for you know what I mean
what is the first thing I'm curious um I
would say overall his voting record has
been like what's one vote abiding you
disagree with oh I could I mean I have
notes I could look at but off the top of
my head I don't I don't know okay
alright anyways good talk buddy all
right I love you buddy okay be careful
yeah also just want to say we're not
cutting the ties hello no of course not
all right all right where did you
arguing bind you say
okay we're out there first
we actually I should establish the
person going north got therefore is got
their first the person going West got
their second
