Oh can you hear me I can hear you a lot
of clear buddy what's up all right it
seems like you think we should give poor
people free education but they're kind
of iffy on it once it gets like higher
tiers of income high it's not so okay I
I should have read this tout I like I
think that education like addresses
several major issues in society
hopefully I would have to look at extra
point in it to know this but this is
where I hope one I think a more educated
population can make better decisions
when it comes to voting so if we're
talking about voting things related to
like foreign policy or climate change or
monetary policy whatever that like these
types of things well when I say monetary
was actually like economic things right
do we want like high minimum wage do
what I do with immigration [ __ ] like
this that that more educated population
could hopefully have like a better vote
about that they're like a democracy
powered by a smarter people is better
than a democracy powered by Dumber
people that's more successful with dumb
[ __ ] like populist one [ __ ] so that's
number one number two is the more
educated workplace will naturally
counter some of the shitty things that
we feel as a side effect of
globalization so it seems like a more
globalized economy can leave lower class
workers feeling a little [ __ ] right
then all of a sudden the guy that used
to be really good at putting shoes
together he's having his job exported to
another country and now he's what cuz he
doesn't know what else to do so like
these these two things I think are
hopefully addressed by more people
becoming educated that would be like my
hope so as a result of that I was think
like like from an early age like we
should push people to move into these
like higher paying like more educated
job so it would be a good thing for the
country to do that that's my general
take away yeah so I'd say I agree with
both of those points
um what I'd say is when you talk about
like services like something like health
care education uh-huh generally in a
liberal democracy it's advisable to have
with a minimum level that kind of things
like you want universal health care
right you want some sort of like minimum
level of education that every single
citizen gets and for me
this doesn't necessarily include
post-secondary education both because I
don't think that's necessary but also
not everybody wants to go into
post-secondary education so when people
talk about free college a big problem I
have is that I want like not going to
college to be a viable thing right so I
kind of what you
we're talking about with respect to you
workers being left by by glue left
behind by globalization huh a thing that
I like talking about a lot is there's a
concept where the wage premium for a
rural non college educated workers so
dude in like a rural town who hasn't
gone to college
he is wage premium for moving to a city
has like vanished over the past decade
which is insane because wait real quick
when you say that give me the if he
moves through cities all right any more
money or right exactly yeah which is
crazy to me right like because if you're
moving to a city you expect a bump
because you got like agglomeration
you've got a higher sort of nexus of
economic activity and also like you know
there's cost-of-living you need to be
able to make more to afford it but this
is essentially vanished for a wide
variety of reasons but one of the
driving reasons here is that people are
moving it to cities to go to university
and then they're staying there as
opposed to like you know going back to
their hometowns or whatever yeah and
this to me is like a component of how
bachelor's degrees are actually like a
huge driver um in like inequality
essentially which is not really
something that people think about when
they consider inequality but like a huge
proportion of wage variance is driven by
increasing rates of bachelor's degree
attainment so my take is like I agree I
think that we should have a minimum
level of education and I do think that
we should work hard like reform
education such that more low-income
people more disadvantaged minority
groups are able to go into education but
when it comes to things like um when it
comes to things like loan forgiveness or
like free college overall I think that
we have both empirical demonstrations
that this leads to an equitable outcomes
and also that this just isn't the like
it's just it's not progressive and to me
the thing about Prager Civet II and
policy is about like you know um
sometimes we talk about the veil of
ignorance by rolls mm-hmm another thing
that he used in his original position
was the difference principle where the
idea is that you can have inequalities
in a society but ideally the
inequalities want to be benefiting like
the least well-off in that society now
you might not agree with this because
that's specifically before it is like a
counter to just like a utilitarian
principle but to me I think that's like
a really valuable way to frame progress
hidden so when we talk about just like
you know just you know ending like all
like making college free or whatever
this is like disproportionately
impacting a collective of people who are
middle and upper-class we're making like
absurd wage freedoms a wage
it has like skyrocketed over time like
since I don't know about 1982 okay so
okay so there are three things that that
I I guess I'll talk about from this past
thing our minimum level of education in
the u.s. right now seems to really [ __ ]
I think what is our reading level
isn't it like seventh grade yeah I think
I'd be like very bad yeah I think it'd
be more I think I'd be more likely to
agree if it seems like most people at
least have like a good high school
education so I could come out reading it
at least not in like an undergrad level
but at least like a like a cow or like a
high school like sophomore junior level
whatever that would be I think I feel a
little bit better about that in terms of
people not returning to their cities
this is kind of like something that I've
been like I kind of think a little bit
about it but I don't know what the
answer is I don't know if it's like a
capitalism thing or like like cars or
transportation or city planning thing
why do we have to have these like hyper
[ __ ] concentrated nexuses of like
activity is it not possible to spread
like economic development out more or
does it literally have to be centered on
to like you know like San Francisco New
York City like Seattle like does it have
to be that way
why well I'd say let me thank you so I'm
just I think that a phrase this so
earlier in this stream I think you were
talking about how you have like this
principle where two people come together
and like they are able to create more
utility essentially by working together
uh-huh so one way that I think we have
to explain this it's like a principle of
on economies of agglomeration so the
idea that if you have a lot of firms a
lot of highly educated people a lot of
institutions and clustered in a certain
area
were able to do things like division of
labor you are able to have like a lot of
transactions between these companies a
lot of exchange of technology and ideas
which in turn is gonna make these areas
more productive so this is like why
cities oh yeah so this is like yeah this
is super basic
I understand it agree with that yeah
obviously that the more institutions you
have close to each other you know
increase the amount of trade jobs all
sorts of [ __ ] a good ship will have
buddies being geographically located
close whatever however not only does
that have to have like a diminishing
return well I'm sure it actually has a
diminishing return at some point it's
got to be like
right we're like itself point like a
like a firm that could place itself in
San Francisco will be priced out such
that they would actually make more money
in a place like Austin or Never which is
we've seen like some tech companies kind
of moving around a little bit because
San Francisco there's big oh whoa sorry
so [ __ ] absurdly expensive to live in
I guess I'd say that this is a
consequence of zoning okay I think you
probably agree with that is that like we
have really really horrible zoning which
is sort of kept in place by rent seekers
I mean I'm asking you to some extent at
least does it is it really just don't
you know is it would it really be
possible to make a city with like 50
million people they just get a bigger
and bigger and bigger like want that
like I mean you look at like cities in
China and they're like absurd in size
like cities that started from literally
just tiny little free trade zones like
Shenzhen and Jin Albert sprouts and then
like exploded to these massive ten
million population things within like 20
years or something some of the cities in
like India and China are getting just
really [ __ ] massive but to your point
like I do agree it's not like we have to
concentrate everything in these like
mega cities right are you like one of
the things that I used to think until I
saw this like vanishing wage premium for
people who move to cities and don't have
college education is that essentially we
should just like take all the towns and
just like subsidize them to basically
just like shovel them into cities and
make that like a viable economic
possibility uh-huh which is something
that China's doing I don't think that
anymore just because of like this
vanishing wage premium like just putting
people in these cities isn't going to in
and of itself allow them to sort of
prosper so there's a lot of work that
people do about like how we can address
the problem with these rural areas which
are really the ones that are being left
behind and one of the things that I see
suggested a lot is essentially
revitalizing like rural colleges which
you can do in a variety of ways like the
federal government selling these places
more land giving them grants that they
like build out and you get like a more
skilled workforce and these smaller like
I don't know 50,000 like a hundred
thousand population cities so I
definitely think there's a lot of room
for sort of like a rural rejuvenation
I've seen a lot of things including
things like I'm sort of enhancing bio
manufacturing there's I have like a
bunch of stuff on this I can i can send
you but essentially yeah the solution
isn't just to continue feeding everybody
into these massive cities like I do
think it is important to have a policy
that can address people who are left
behind and more to the point people who
don't go to college and are left behind
like I think that they should sort of be
able to to pursue like things without
being like [ __ ] over
sure just enough but I was curious I
looked up like the popular wait so the
San Francisco
metropolitan area population is 7.15
million people and apparently the
municipality of Chongqing Chongqing in
China is thirty point five million
people so yeah I mean I guess places
can't get bigger yeah I mean it's also
like if you think about Japan like Tokyo
is considered I think it's it's the
largest it's like the most economically
productive city in the world it's like
more than one trillion Hall if I measure
if I like GDP or something and they
don't I don't write like you've
mentioned this a lot they have central
government that just mandates zoning
policy so like it is possible to have
essentially these huge fittings there's
concentrations about the massive
economic productivity but in places like
China even you're gonna have like a huge
rural poor that's just left behind
because they're not college educated
because they can't afford to move to
cities because it's just not something
that they want to do or the
opportunities just aren't there so it
does like absolutely matter to sort of
address these these fruits uh-huh but I
don't know if like free college is
necessarily a good way to do that like I
have a lot of different ideas and
positions on how we can like reform
college and they get like really really
granular I don't know if there isn't
that kind of thing but just generally I
don't think it's it's equitable and
necessary to make like college free or
to do on like loan forgiveness on such a
large scale and like the upper-middle
class are are benefiting from so much
that it's essentially functioning as a
as a subsidy what about um another thing
that you mentioned is like people
wanting to like leave rural areas why
why would you ever want to stay in a
rural area like why would you ever want
to go get college educated in some other
place and then go back to like the
smaller area from how could you ever
like incentivize something like that I
think this is just like a sort of
historical trend where like I don't know
I can't quote unquote back in the day
well you'd have as people who go to
cities which weren't like as prosperous
or huge as they are now and they like
return to their hometowns because
they're you know they have connections
there they have job job opportunities
there whatever the reason is just like a
trend that has reversed I'd have to look
more into it to know exactly like why
people were going back but there's it
like there's a lot of really weird
quirks with like the amount of people
who are enrolled in post-secondary
education so one that I that I read
about recently is that during the
Vietnam War
you could defer your enrollment your
service by enrolling in post-secondary
education so you look at glut like a
huge surge in people who are enrolling
in post-secondary education
more ends in like in like 1982 1982 you
see that this huge drop in the supply of
like recent college graduates it's like
from that like huge truck you have a you
have like a limited supply which causes
the wage from them to skyrocket
essentially from like 1982 to late 2005
there just goes out like hugely or
whatever so there's all sorts of weird
quirks like different variables that are
playing over money but it's just
something that I've read is like a
recent finding that people are
essentially moving to cities and like
staying there instead of going back or
or moving somewhere else and you think
that's bad because the wage premium is
afforded to you by bachelor's degree
doesn't make up for you moving to that
city or no I I think it's a I think it's
a fine thing like the problem I have is
that the bachelor's degree wage premium
uh-huh um I like I I wouldn't say like
you know we have to bring it down
because I don't even know what that
necessarily entail but I think it's a
bad thing that the wage premium for
bachelor's degrees is so high compared
to somebody who doesn't have a
bachelor's degree and I think that we
can address this just kind of like
broadly speaking when you talk about the
rising cost of education at home so when
you talk about with the rising cost of
education there like a few different
ideas here like about why this has
happened so the first one is concept in
labor economics called skills biased
technological change or SVTC and the
basic idea here is technological growth
over the past like 30 years has
benefited people who have like higher
skills essentially like you know if you
go to college if you're building human
capital you're building your own skill
set in the technology that we've that
we've had is like favoring this so
people are going to hire you and then
the second one that's really big is
called on signaling where the idea is
essentially just that you need a way to
differentiate between the natural skills
that people have in a BA is just like a
good way to differentiate between people
it's not necessarily saying oh this
person is really skilled it's just like
oh they got a BA they probably have like
on average have higher natural skill so
yeah so those are like the two primary
ways that you know that oh that this
like wage premium has has expanded
enormously and on top of that like the
operation essentially the opportunity
cost and something that's driving like
higher higher prices in education is
that the opportunity cost to not get a
BA has on like skyrocketed rights like
if you're and this is just like another
way of looking at the wage premium that
they get is essentially if you just get
a high school degree you're much worse
off than if you if you got a BA
like there there are drivers of
inequality that I don't think are like
like I don't know this isn't like a
driver bit of quality that would satisfy
something like the difference principle
or whatever it's just not something that
we it's something that we can that we
can fix like using a variety of really
well targeted policies towards
lower-income people towards people who
don't get a college degree one of the
concepts like with respect to signalling
is you have the idea that people are
really trying to find different skill
levels just like with these market
signals or whatever and the university
is essentially just charging a fee to
create this signal so you have high
school and then like it's skyrockets to
like 4-year degree right like there's
nothing in between so if you have like a
proliferation of two-year degrees
essentially you're reducing that this
bucketing it's like these two large
chunks and you kind of like smooth out
the curve so employers can make like
more efficient decisions so there's just
like an example of something that you
could do to sort of amend like the
runaway inequality so you're saying that
like making trade schools more so if
trade schools were more if there was an
increase to proliferation of trade
schools in Mexico or around the United
States you're saying that the cost of a
four-year degree would most likely fall
as a result because then you'd be
catching all of the people that were
trying to get some sort of education
because there would be like it like
there would be like some middle ground
between high school and college kind of
yeah exactly
or even if that didn't happen you'd see
like a smoothing in terms of the in
terms of wage cream so a lot of people
who graduate high school but don't want
to go to college who might end up going
to trade schools might end up getting
other two-year degrees that kind of
thing which I think is like I don't know
valuable real quick someone it gets said
it's called an associate's degree this
might just be me being absurd talking I
I don't know she has grease awards [ __ ]
I don't think that people like it an
associate's degree to be like to do like
trade school stuff isn't that like
different or um I'm pretty sure I mean I
don't know I don't know people you're
trapped right now I know they're like an
associate's degree is a two-year degree
trade schools might have like different
kind of degrees I don't know like you
could theoretically I chunk this up
until you have like tiny little schools
that are later just like skilled with
skills specific like you go to this
school for like six months and it
teaches you how to weld or something
right and then you have like a like a
really diverse set of skill options so
instead of just being like three tiers
it's like I don't know 500 years or
something Yorkers like that and
employers can like really specifically
select from these signals and you get
like a much more efficient economy you
get like a much much less like
stratification in terms of wage premiums
that kind of thing uh-huh so you're
saying so to kind of like circle back
and restate it like the
like the original argument you're saying
that making College free for everybody
is bad because one it doesn't I guess it
doesn't address the stratification
between like having a BA versus having
only some high school or only having
high school is like one two that it
causes people to like to move to cities
or can you can you go back into why I
guess I didn't fully grasp like why you
think would be a bad thing yeah so
that's just a general pardon with
inequalities you have this wage premium
so you have people who move into cities
to go to university and then they stay
there which is all sort of inflating
cost because they have this larger wage
premium and it just creates this cycle
where essentially people who normally
would be able to move into cities with
their lower skill set and thrive
actually can't wait okay I'll hold up
[ __ ] I'm sorry that's so nice trim yet
say that one more time I'm paying
appreciate 100 that go okay so if you
have a bunch of people from like a rural
town who go into cities for edging for
university and then the Graduate this
larger wage from you inflates costs it
lifts the cost of living that makes it
much harder for people who don't have
that kind of education to move into
cities and experience sort of greater
economic prosperity so you're saying
that when people move into the city and
they are to be and they make more money
that that causes the price of everything
to increase it makes it harder for other
people to move it to cities in turn to
be a yeah essentially or just not even
like erna be a just move into a city and
use like your your high school degree
skillset to do whatever oh yeah that's
of course that's true I'm trying to
think if that's a bad thing or not you
ideally you'd want people who live in
rural areas who don't have like a BA to
be able to sort of move into cities buy
a house and just you know chill out like
this is a way why it was can you as well
can you defend that why I'm curious why
why it's re different which one so let's
say I have like a city like San
Francisco which represents like some of
the highest concentration of like tech
wealth or whatever in the world why
should I expect like a poor person to be
able to move into a city like that and
be able to make it without having like
Ohio wake up without having a high
school job why do you think that should
be a thing I'm curious Oh
alright so the reason I would say this
is that um so first of all it's not like
a poor person I think this is like kind
of the wrong frame it's just about like
having different skill sets I don't
think that if you have on college
education skill set you should
essentially be locked off from being
able to afford the cost of living in a
city
right like you know I'm a liberal so I
do think that like if you want to be
able to move into a city if you want to
be able to live in a city you shouldn't
have a cost of living that is locked
down by like you know Serbian wage
premium and like really restrictive
zoning laws that sort of precludes you
from doing that just because you have a
lower like a lower skill set which isn't
necessarily something that like reflects
demand for that skill set it's like sort
of because that's artificially massaged
by things like zoning it's more of a
statement of just like it's more of a
principle because you're always gonna
need people who like you know do
plumbing or who actually that's
relatively high skill I guess I along
with electricians but you're always
gonna need people who are able to do
sort of like lower skill jobs especially
when you have like a city that just
grows and grows and grows if you're
gonna have with these mega cities like
um Chongqing or however was brownstone I
mean you're gonna you're gonna need
low-skilled people right so I guess it's
just an idea of I don't think that a
certain skill set should lock you off
from being able to live in a certain
part of the country so it seems like
there's only two ways to deal with that
then right you do have to increase the
wages of those people or and all you
have to decrease the cost of living
specifically for those people right you
have to combat it in one of those two
ways well I would say not reduce the
cost of link for those people
specifically but just reduced the cost
of well two things actually reduce the
cost of living for everybody through
things like zoning reform and then make
it possible to sort of economically
thrive in these smaller cities so people
don't feel like these sort of like so I
know if somebody looking to West
Virginia the old town isn't like [ __ ] I
have to move to a city or like you know
my family's gonna starve or something
yeah what do you mean when you can you
elaborate I when you say make it
possible to economically thrive what do
you mean by that I think that so not
only should you be able to move to a
city if you like I don't you should be
able to move to a city given like any
specific skill set and like be able to
actually just live there not like
necessarily become like a millionaire or
whatever but like you should be able to
live there you should be able to have
like a comfortable to me but also in
rural areas we shouldn't I mean like
with some exceptions maybe of like a
city that's entirely built around like a
dead coal mine and just has like nothing
around it if you're talking about like a
rural city that's like fifty thousand to
a hundred thousand people we shouldn't
just leave these places behind we
shouldn't focus entirely on the people
who want to move to cities we should
focus on the people who want to stay
behind for whatever reason is they
choose to stay behind
it's not useful to like sort of just
target inequality within cities it's
useful to target with them
areas as well huh so this is yeah so
good so like so we're talking about a
worker so we're gonna talk about a high
school educated worker so this is
somebody that's restricted to not trea
not like an electrician or car Minerva
so it's like basic research it'll like
service level jobs or something or jobs
like minimal training right how so how
would you make that you like you kind of
just saying like zoning like how would
you make it so that a person like that
well it would have to be sounding right
for a person like that no well how could
you even how could you make it you'd
have to zone literally based on income
like if you make more than this income
you literally can't live here right well
hmm I don't think so I think there's
there's so there's like let's say you've
got a guy they can only work in
McDonald's how does a person like that
live in some of the most expensive
districts in America like it Stanford's
yeah so again um have you have you ever
looked at like the extent to which
rezoning inflates housing present I
don't know the exact numbers but every
study that I've read especially Seattle
and San Francisco points to it yeah
increase in the cost of yeah so I think
that essentially um like there's there's
a few different part like we can talk
about poverty reduction policies but um
I'm talking about skill sets so there's
there's two things that I'd say here in
the first is eliminating zoning for
these sort of single-family homes is
like really important because you want
people to be able to build like I don't
know mixed-use buildings apartments that
kind of thing essentially just more
house and making it so people can go
more house if you want I'm more of like
I'm more market oriented in this respect
another pose and you could take as you
could zone for affordable housing which
is I think it's like a lot of cities do
they don't really do it while like
removing zoning restrictions which I
don't really like but if you wanted you
could assume you could zone for
affordable housing and then also like
this is unrelated from zoning but you
could do like minimum wage policies so
like I think minimum wage should
essentially be targeted as narrowly as
possible in the Geographic sense so like
you should have minimum wage based on
city like city to city and then I should
probably be a peg to something like
inflation or a Goods basket of some
sorts like it's moving upwards each year
like I say PIR some [ __ ] right yeah yeah
so those are like the two big posies and
then like we can talk about poverty
reduction things but that's not really
fair because I did say like low-skill
not necessarily poverty but you know
there are there a variety of things you
can do to like ensure that
you know people aren't like falling
below like falling into the cracks if
they're just not able to like afford
what we're like still moving to like the
sort of zoning deregulation process if
there are still people who can't afford
like you know we can do things like
minimum wage we can do things like
expanded Earned Income Tax Credit that
kind of thing how do you feel about do
you think this what if we how does like
globalism affect this like if we look at
terms of like the global economy are we
worried about our workers being less
competitive on a global level if we're
not educating our entire population or
did we just plan on having like so many
people that we saw how I can could chuck
of people that are educated can compete
like in a global market or does this
impact us at all yeah I yeah so I yeah I
do think that it matters when you look
at like so China's accession to the
World Trade Organization and I think
2001 there's a lot of research that
tries to see like to what extent did
China essentially siphon jobs from the
United States and there's like a lot of
estimates that I've seen upwards of 2
million
I saw a more recent thing that I think
came out last year that said about
800,000 but a big takeaway that I have
is essentially that more jobs have been
lost to automation yeah yeah they trying
to talk so I'm not like a like a yang
gang or automation apocalypse type dude
I don't I don't really like getting I
don't like that mentality but there are
two things to be said about automation
which matter in the first is like
short-term structural and employments
that is to say in the short term
technology that causes like large like
large amounts of unemployment we want to
have like policies that are able to
address that and then this is way more
important in the long term inequality
like I was talking earlier about skills
by his technological change the idea is
that like automation can favor sort of
the upper crust of society and end up
like leaving people behind even more so
I think that there are like sort of twin
threats from globalization there are and
automation but I don't think that
they're like insurmountable or anything
and I don't think that like I don't buy
into the sort of nativist like oh you
know you have to protect the workers or
whatever I think that we can invest in
sort of things like retraining and to be
like really specific with the retraining
stuff there's something like what that's
called as an active labor market policy
or an A&P and the United States spends
like something ridiculous like 0.6
percent of its GDP on al MPs I've heard
of the lowest out of the entire OB CD
alright so I've read when I was doing a
bunch of NAFTA research
administration everything on things that
dealt with programs related to that
active labor market policy stuff I've
read really bad stuff and that I related
to NAFTA and I think that was some for
other European countries won't remember
specifically but I've always read really
bad empirical studies related to active
labor market stuff that like just
retraining people just doesn't seem to
work that well do you know is that not
true or doesn't work in some cases all
right yeah I think I so I really do like
the idea of retraining and this amount
specific way that I would like to see
retraining administered is essentially
through like a tax credit for companies
like a retraining Tax Credit mm-hmm
I in which I don't actually think it's
like something that a lot of countries
people I'm sure I understand that desire
I understand the desire but like in in
the empirical cities I read it basically
said that like the poor thing amount of
money that the United States government
spent subsidizing like retraining it
would have made more sense to deliver
you just cut a check to those people and
have them not work that we would have
saved money doing it because like the
success for retraining is just so
incredibly low so yeah but yeah I'm not
sure yeah I don't know I mean like if
you've yeah I mean like I again like I
haven't seen any study that was to say
like I know thumbs up to retraining I've
heard like a lot of really mixed reviews
and it does seem like something that's
like really logistical a challenging
like how do you even manage that so what
I would kind of default to here are um I
guess I guess I would go back to like Oh
mom I mean let me just think for a
second there's three things that I would
go back to the first is this idea of
smoothing out the curve of signals so
you have like different levels of degree
different levels of education that
people can attain I'm in order to send
like signals this could be like really
small like micro college tier or they
could be you know those associate's
degrees they could be trade schools and
and of course like the four-year degree
and then um I would talk about
oh yeah there's like a lot of
manufacturing stuff that I've seen in
like Midwest states like a lot of
proposals for manufacturing based on
taking sort of our like our agricultural
slack and feeding that into bio
industrial in issues which sounds like
really wacky and like mean future tier
but there's a lot of stuff that talks
about essentially using agricultural
products as like the foundation for a
new manufacturing industry which would
potentially you know address things like
climate change it it's just like a sort
of green
Manufacturing paradigm by using a lot of
like agricultural products we can sort
of kick-start me yeah there's like yeah
it'd be interesting to read it there's a
lot of like buzzwords going on there I'm
not accusing one of this one of the
things that would concern me about stuff
like that is that and making this more
like a political thing like an actual
like economic or scientific thing is
that those types of like agricultural
memes seem to like play out in really
[ __ ] cancerous ways where it turns
into like a save our farms regardless of
the economic impact so it seems like at
one point in time we had like a a good
desire to get like ethanol I guess like
in our feel and whatnot and now we've
got this like insanely cancerous like
like blow and a global like this
countrywide like subsidies on like corn
and [ __ ] and that they're never gonna go
away because like farmers make the [ __ ]
ton of money doing it nobody wants to
take it away exhibit her farmers but
like I don't think ethanol based fuels
in the US or even that good and if you
see it was a lot of like dumb [ __ ] that
like is a waste of money there that
isn't like economically
impactful and it's just things that we
throw money at for the government cuz
it's like a popular policy like is there
a chance that what you're talking about
could just end up that way does that
make sense yeah
so absolutely so the thing that you're
referring to I think it's called on
concentrated benefits in diffuse costs
or the ideas that you have some like
sugar there's like a example so you have
sugar manufacturers we're getting like a
huge benefit from sugar code is in the
United States we have a higher sugar
prices anywhere else in the world but
like it's so diffuse across everybody
the United States that there's no way to
do sort of effective collective action
and overturn that so I definitely think
this is a problem but um just like pull
up the thing that I was reading about it
the idea is that you're you're trying to
bring a cyst like you're trying to
essentially craft a sustainable
manufacturing industry in like rural
America by using inputs like plants
crops animal waste and there's like a
wide I mean you'll see that sometimes
where people talk about like oh you know
we found a new way to make like this
textile or we found a new way to make
like you know this material or this
input or this like finish good using on
these sort of agricultural or biological
inputs as well so to things like this is
it one that sounds predicated on
technology that doesn't exist yet right
you'd have to discover these things that
uses my logical puts no I think this is
like a thing that's like readily still
considered I mean like I know that um I
know this is this is basically stuff
like like hemp or whatever just like
uh-huh I don't know it's like
it's just not okay for sure that's okay
sure so that's someone like no the
second thing is it does sound like sort
of big the second thing is like how do
these manufacturing areas not fall prey
to the same automation problems at every
other manufacturing industry I was like
wouldn't you still be like highly
automated industries yeah they would but
then again I would say that what you're
doing by doing this as well just think
about how to respond to this so
essentially when you automate so my big
belief in automation is that automation
is not just gonna be like destroying
jobs but it's also going to be creating
them and the idea of doing this in rural
areas particular is bringing like these
industries whether automated or not to
these rural areas is that you're going
to be creating jobs that focus around
like two things which is higher skilled
jobs that are required to maintain these
which is like something for next
generation kind of thinking and as well
as just like sort of low skilled jobs
that focus on sort of building these
things managing them and like an
intermediary kind of face like it is it
is a problem but like automation is is
really challenging to tackle without
like a firm sort of vision for how it's
gonna work out in the future because
they're like these higher skilled jobs
like it seems like it just feeds into
your prior problems like okay well we
can't get the high skilled jobs in the
city because a whole bunch of reasons
the way that's not good and you know
giving all the PAS a wage screaming
center center so let's go ahead and move
automation to the to the like the
Midwest or like world America but now we
still need college degrees we still in
high school labor and like even on
construction jobs I think those are
becoming more and more high school like
driven hoon yeah so the way that I would
frame is if I had to like yeah so if I
had if I had to make this more
compelling I would frame it is
essentially like a huge as a component
of like a huge shift in the way that
we're sort of doing the economy I think
like you can imagine how in the United
States like over time the average level
of education has risen yeah the idea is
right now the automation that's going to
sort of galvanize a like another shift
another shift Ford's in the way in like
the minimum level of education at the
minimum average level of education so I
think that you have like these sort of
large rural manufacturing
rural manufacturing programs which are
meant like sort of provide jobs maybe to
people who can only do construction with
a minds towards these educational
programs that are going to support these
sort of oncoming generation from not
being stuck in these same like sort of
dead-end Geographic positions but I I
kind of I do agree with what you're
saying like I think this is all really
big it's hard to talk about automation
with a lot of certain
so I I said I had like three things I
would say this is like a pretty hard
sell the third thing that I would bring
up I'm not okay so is essentially a
point about labor unions I'm not huge
like a huge Pro unions kind of person I
think that a lot of like public sector
unions can be pretty cancers but in the
private sector I think that they can
serve a really really important role and
you can see like statistically how sort
of I think they call it labor union
density or whatever has like declined
massively it's down like four percent or
something that occurs so I think that if
you're able to bring back unions you're
able to obtain sort of a civil answer
I'm looking for
yeah civil society infrastructure that's
able to sort of support these workers in
a more holistic way which could be
through like retirement or could be
through like maybe more effective
retraining there like more effective job
allocation or even like you know
bargaining for for better wages they've
been like you know massively powered
with it it is like a really challenging
issue though like I don't have a perfect
solution - huh okay something
interesting that I would mention and
this is not at all a reflection of how
free college in the United States we go
just to kind of like go back to the
initial topic is um there's this concept
where if you make College free what ends
up happening is you get a lot of mill
and upper-class people who start to
apply to really selective programs and
what this ends up doing is it ends up
crowding out lower-income people
so essentially free college results
without sort of sufficient funding
without the support that you would have
to give to lower-income people it
results in this paradigm we're a bunch
of wealthier people are essentially
being selected for more selective
programs because they have on average
like you know better test scores or
whatever would you say like merit
problem
and this can be observed by this this is
like a thing that happened in England
actually where they have like free
college up until 1998 yeah I did you
send me an did you email me this I don't
think I did okay so yes somebody emailed
me this study that basically yeah there
was free college in England and then
they started to put a charge on tuition
and that like every metric like got
better that because people were on
crowded out like poor people were
crowded out like the sort of the metrics
like expand like in terms the difference
between their degree attainment in the
retain wealthier people had extended
massively and this was also something
that you can see in on Sheila you can
see this happening in Chile and then
this is also a concern we don't know yet
but this is a concern for New York's
program so they have something called
like the Excelsior scholarship that they
passed in 2017 which is an idea that
gives like free that makes public
schools free essentially right and the
problem with this is um it's like it's
it's insufficiently funded it's not with
like sufficient care to lower-income
students so if you really want like a
lot of free college program like you
have to structure it really well like
you have to make sure you're covering
all your bases because if you're not
covering all your bases you're gonna end
up with this crowding out problem that
New York might suffer because you know
it doesn't have any additional funds
promise for low-income students there's
no additional funds promised to
institutions that like start suffering
from this problem and if you don't have
it like really well figured out you're
gonna be kind of fun in my fear in the
United States is that like sort of given
the [ __ ] that you have like I know
Republicans repealing the individual
mandate for instance you're gonna have a
lot of trouble like making sure that
this free college program continues to
like function in the way that it was
intended to function so there's a lot of
things and I think we should do which
would bolster sort of lower income
people that would bolster you know black
and Hispanic people but like the free
college thing unless it's like really
well executed it's gonna run into this
crowding out problem and even if it is
really well executed you're still gonna
have this huge like inequality problem
can you and then can you say one more
time when you say huge inequality
problem do you just made that like upper
class people can take advantage more of
like the opportunity to get educated for
free or yeah I essentially I mean that
more more middle income and upper income
people are going to college and they are
reaping the benefits of this be a wage
premium that like you know poor people
just aren't going to be able to benefit
as much from
[Music]
and I think also like there's a lot of
um there's a lot of critiques of like
the role that student debt plays and
sort of slowing down the economy that
can be addressed with like sufficient
sort of policy so like in in warrens
medium piece where she was talking about
well you know I like when like I
disagree with a lot of her things for
like you know I'm I'm from Boston she's
my senator I do like her she's bringing
some ideas that I like particularly
respect to the Foreign Service but um
the like State Department uh-huh
but you know she says like home
ownership as a problem which I think
like again I strongly think this is like
a zoning issue um and also like the
study that she cites talks about how
like the the financial the Great
Recession caused problems with like
underwriting student debt it just like
made it like a less sort of valued asset
and then like a big one that she talks
about is entrepreneurship and this is
like one that I think is really salient
the idea that like student loan debt
prevents you from starting a business if
you want to start it and I think that
it's really interesting because you can
look at Hillary Clinton's flatworm in
2016 which I don't know some people
might see it's like disastrous not her
run which definitely was but her
platform where she talks about this and
the thing is she essentially recommends
is allowing like deferment of loans for
loan forgiveness for people who are
intent on starting your business which
to me is like a really good idea if
somebody is like intent on being an
entrepreneur if you can like defer their
loans or you can like alleviate their
burden this is like a really good
incentive in my opinion well it's not
impossible to you signal the creation of
a bunch of shitty businesses though
they'd either fail and cause more
economic disparity for the people do
that make sense no yeah that does make
sense I think it's definitely a
possibility but I do think that I think
would be really hard to do like a study
on this but I don't know I think it's
something that's like worth exploring I
like the idea of being able to alleviate
the negative impact of student loans on
businesses a way that you could do this
is you could look at like the sort of
traditional rates of student loan like
wait and you could see how has it
changed how the like how the rate of new
businesses changed and then you could
like look at the sort of failure rate as
well and you could maybe do some
I don't know you it would be really hard
but you could use like some econometrics
work there that would like determine
whether or not the change in student
loan debt load like affected the rate of
failure of new businesses or something
oh yeah oh actually studying it like
what you've been acted it would be good
I just that would be like a thing I'd be
worried about no I'm saying like your
your concern is definitely yeah the more
that I've like looked at it and come
back on other issues I legitimately feel
like zoning laws are some of the worst
policy sorry the more that I like look
at like different issues and the more
kind of come back like the more strongly
feel that like zoning laws are some of
the worse things that exist in the
United States right now that the way
that zoning works just like something
that's fun yeah much I mean I totally
agree like not just in terms of economic
outcomes but just like historically I
was like a narrative it's just like a
horrendously racist policy it always has
been
like it's just yeah they're pretty
terrible they're like literally choking
choking out the American economy in a
lot of ways I mean I don't mean like you
know if we got rid of certain laws we'd
suddenly be growing at like 4,000
percent GDP or something ridiculous but
that alongside like immigration these
are two things that [ __ ] over I think
have really hurt our economy you know
like if we had more liberal immigration
and we had like better zoning laws I
think is really two keys to unlocking
like a lot of economic prosperity that
sort of just subdued right now well I
don't think the problem of the American
economy right now it doesn't seem to be
economic prosperity as much as just your
distribution of economic prosperity like
isn't our GDP per capita still like
pretty high compared to other countries
yeah we're all the cities really yeah so
it's like it's not that we're not
earning enough money we just not we
don't distribute it well on society it
seems I mean like I'd say so but I would
also say that there is like a lot of
sort of latent growth that we could
achieve with certain reforms and that
latent growth would in and of itself
help sort of sponsor a lot of these
distributional programs so that I don't
well yeah but the problem it seems to be
is that like the like the capital order
in society today capital is so efficient
that like when you talk about increasing
immigration right you're increasing the
resource of labor that is most like most
easily taken advantage of by other like
by other capital owners right so it
seems like you would just grow that
wealth divided like greater and greater
greater and if we don't have like the
wasted to redistribute any of this
wealth that we're just like you need for
GDP per capita
our overall efficiency probably rise but
I don't know that necessarily is
creating better outcomes for the average
American um I don't know I think I
disagree they're like I think they like
there is definitely a prompt like with
automation there is a problem with
immigration in terms of inequality but I
do think that like in general
immigration is something that is going
to lift the boats for all my lifts like
it more for solid I would go back I
would appeal to the center to the
dude-ness parents believe if we can
structure immigration in such a way that
it is beneficial to move it well off and
on well actually no you know I wouldn't
also like yes I like immigration lists
to boats the lawsuit that I do think a
linking yeah yeah so like if you
immigrate here you're saying yeah
immigration lists to folks a lot if you
immigrate here then you are then than
you are you're making a lot more right
so the immigrants benefit dramatically
if you own a business here and you have
more labor available to you or cheaper
level to you you benefit romantically
but then like that that one group of
people we talked about so and any kind
of papers it seems like it is the it is
the high school the the person who's
educated with either little or no high
school education or like a high school
education with no college like these are
the people that end up becoming like
impact is slightly by immigrant labor
and then bringing more and more
immigrants would probably increased the
impact on these people so your middle
class benefits somewhat and your upper
class dramatically benefits sure so I'd
say to me this is like a it's like a
first-order impact of immigration but
like then if you go on beyond that
you're gonna see like increased returns
to things like consumer prices you're
gonna see increased returns to just the
overall health of economy which is Oh
overall health of the economy just
something that's going to UM
I don't know essentially everybody I do
think you think it is a problem you know
like like you said most studies seem to
demonstrate that like there's a negative
impact on wages for the sort of like
lowest educated in society but I think
um I'm not positive I have to go back
and look at it but I think that like the
card paper that were buts or house on
the Miami
boatlift it says that um like those
those wage differences like disappear
after time well you know that doesn't
necessarily resolve this problem but I
guess it's just looking at it like that
it seems like a big part of that is like
the cities they choose as placebos to
draw their comparisons yeah yeah I mean
like it's yeah it's a long debate I
in favor of card over whorehouse but
that's probably just because I'm like
biased in favor of more immigration huh
yeah I don't know I mean like it's
certainly problem I know that you have
like the belief that it's really
challenging to do something like total
open borders and have like a sort of
welfare state or just like you know a
lot of social policies that can do that
that can sort of help the lowest levels
in society I don't know if I necessarily
agree with that I mean I think it's
possible you just have to like be
somewhat restrictive like I don't think
you should love somebody immigrate here
and then immediately apply for
subsidized housing immediately apply for
free health care and not work like that
would probably be a bad thing you
wouldn't want a whole bunch of people
choosing to immigrate here just to take
advantage of social services and not
work right I'd be really bad yeah no
probably I mean like you can do this
with things like means-testing the
programs though which like runs into
other problems that people talk about
like you know means-testing a lot of
sort of like welfare programs uh-huh can
help do that yeah I don't know like I
I'm I'm more to the right of you
economically but I wouldn't call myself
like a fiscal conservative I think it's
like a useless label I'm not like
fiscally conservative they're just like
other outcomes that I care about more so
I don't know I'm not too worried about
like you know spending a lot to make
like really well targeted and really
efficient sort of welfare programs which
i think is like something that's very
doable um okay okay well hey I'll keep
this in mind for my future conversations
yeah yeah thanks laude what yeah I've
got one less thing I've gotten in sister
I can say but you've never heard before
alright alright so do you know what
exoti and in dog nope never heard of a
choir all right so um when you talk
about marriage just a relationship
relationships in general the idea of
exhuming is the idea of like marrying
outside of your group and then you have
endogamy who's marrying within your
group right okay so if we're structuring
a society like through like you know in
a veil of ignorance sense right like a
regional position neckroll
um we're talking about a society that we
want to make have like the best outcomes
possible essentially if we have a norm
of exam II dog me being morally
equivalent we're going to end up with is
a situation where people are essentially
like having relationships with each
other like you know with like familial
relationships with each other and the
problem with this is that if you track
out like this or development of
civilization of human civilization like
the big leap is essentially people
leaving their family clans in starting
to intermarry with other family clans so
if you want to establish like a
functional society what you're going to
want to do is you're gonna want more of
exoti be preferable to endogamy because
this is no way to create larger society
societies they're able to do things like
division of labor more effectively
agglomeration more effectively it's
essentially like an economies of scale
argument from a demographic perspective
so the problem with this is that if you
believe that like incest in orally
neutral what you have to prescribe is a
norm of exoti being equivalent and
dogyum ii which is why the result in
inferior outcomes because you're gonna
have a situation where certain clusters
of people are more insulin so there i
think this is why it's not like you'll
see in a lot of US states in the
catholic church have like a sort of
exotic floor like a minimum level will
like you can only marry your cousin
would mean you need to have something
like this because otherwise you're gonna
have these through familial clans and
never get broken up and aren't able to
sort of like expand themselves and grow
essentially building like stronger and
more resilient societies that are able
to accomplish work yeah i mean so so one
this isn't a normative framework is
consequentialist right you're looking at
the outcomes yeah which is fine yet
because that would be my framework
however from from a prescription point
of view everything you're making sense
works if the variable that we're most
concerned with is maximizing the best
positive outcome for society but i think
that's a really scary / dangerous thing
to do from from any utilitarian
perspective because i think it's a quick
jump to get from from that to things
like slavery or
organ farming or like horrible things
right well as soon as we say somebody
ought to ought to be morally prescribed
an action based on a better outcome for
society like like theoretically you
could take that same hour
let's say like in societies where people
go to the hospital and seppuku
themselves you know they can save 20
people with their organs and so in
society like we should have people to
ritually do this like you know every
every week I don't know
that would there be like my issue have
that argument yeah I see that I'm just
I'm just thinking like from your
perspective if you're talking about
creating a society there's like
beneficial to you know it seems like
you'd want to create a society
essentially where people like spread out
where you have like you know the concept
of multiculturalism already have the
concept of cultural and social globalism
where people are interlinking with
others you have like you know less
bigotry you have like less um sort of
like internal ism where people are less
sort of locked up in these endogenous
relationships so I see your point but I
do think that if you have a like a norm
or you want a sort of more united world
a world that is like more more cohesive
without having like these are nativist
clusters you would probably end up
favority Kazhagam ii oh you know almost
almost definitely from from like an
actual like societal perspective yeah I
think incest is bad for a number of
reasons yeah well yeah 100 percent yeah
you wouldn't want a society where
everybody just starts to like [ __ ]
married within their own family like
that would cause like a pretty bad
breakdown in a number of ways yeah they
the only reason I did the the only
reason I did the incest argument yeah
it's kind of a manager yeah most people
have like I think most people work
within dance illogical frameworks
whether they're cognizant of it or not
most people think like things are bad
just because they are amongst as far as
they go so it's kind of fun to push
somebody into like really thinking about
that we would like the answers recommend
but yeah from like a societal
perspective everybody gets to incest I
mean there'd be a lot of problems
related to that for sure for sure yeah
alright um if you ever want to talk
about foreign policy in the future you
know I'm I'm like much further to the
right on that I'm a huge intervention is
so that I can like you know dab on the
commies in your chat or whatever if you
ever talk about em yep thanks for oh
yeah thanks for you know dude
yeah thanks for the conversation buddy
I'll keep an eye in check alright that
commercials I look very much oh wait
there look they're arguing about which
way to go
these guys are not happy with this
decision
