I'm talking to a guy and I don't know
why oh god please don't let this be
cancerous please don't let this be
cancerous okay what's up so yeah thanks
for having me on here and I don't know
you saw my email which star truck
doesn't have talked about I'm still
gonna mention exactly what it is because
I want to I want to establish some
things first just because I want to like
have a thing where leading you to answer
in a certain way I guess or anyway
doesn't matter okay but I've seen you
oppose you know a good many people on
the alt-right on YouTube and people who
would support say racist or sexist
position so that equate to a general
blanket opposition to racism and or
sexism and the desire to have like
affirmative action policies stuff to
promote like that this in general your
might cut off a little bit example stuff
to promote a what in general or to
decrease prejudice I freeze it badly
first sorry oh that's not like a goal
but yeah I think that's probably
something I'd like to do I think yeah um
so exciting how I should order this but
so case that's I guess the reason why we
say that position is interesting to me
given what you said about your own moral
systems is that um you should be or not
you're not likely to be in a situation
in which you will be subject to systemic
racism or sexism correct so in a certain
sense you could say that oh and this is
gonna reveal the connection I think to
you but [ __ ] it mmm but some in a
certain sense that would mean that
people who are subject to these things
cannot risk
supercade that sort of protection or
assistance to you because you're not
subject to that problem at all
sure hey so that's that's right
wait what you're okay wait are you using
push-to-talk or voice activation I'm
using voice activation like it's just
that
yeah maybe push-to-talk alright cuz your
mic cuts out sometimes I me you're just
like a couple of your words will get cut
off into sounds sure yeah I'll try that
um hold on voice and video sitting lets
do push the talk and my button will be a
alright does that work yeah okay good so
I you got what I was saying like well
enough right y'all like you just yeah I
think so that I basically people that I
could be racist to will never be racist
back to me no nope not exactly because
again we're talking about it's systemic
racism rather than like individual races
so I mean sure you could have a
situation which like will never be
meaningfully I'm not trying to like get
you on some dumb but like meaningful
erases back to me right right yeah yeah
I probably agree that yeah so I think
that watch actually I'll start with a
second point maybe the third actually no
I'm gonna let me the second point
entirely so I think it's not immediately
relevant um but and then also when it
comes to global warming and things like
that you would support trying to
mitigate the effects of global warming
despite the fact that most of those
effects will be seen far into the future
I don't know if that's true at this
point but I don't feel like that's
innately true I could be wrong on that
but it feels to me like we're definitely
seeing very real effects of that like
already today or even like in the past
season
well sure I'm yes but they're possible
to avoid for many people I would say
probably share yeah okay yeah I agree
Janet but um so those two things
combined I I think when you contrast and
this is where I'm gonna bring up the
veganism part positions of promoting the
rights of and care for groups that
cannot reciprocate that effort okay
and therefore the position that you
espoused in the debate would ask
yourself that wasn't really debate but
you know um would therefore also be a
little a little off from I think your I
guess gut values here so here's the
difference okay is that supporting all
of these other groups of people in a
roundabout way we'll ultimately I would
imagine some like benefit me to some
extent being nice to animals will never
ever in any conceivable way benefit me
that's the difference okay yeah I can
sort of see where that's going yeah I
would agree with that I mean see no I
don't want this to end in like two
seconds because then I don't like I'll
say that assistance to people that can
this is necessarily directly reciprocate
um well I mean generally it improves the
status in the entire country I mean from
a personal level people that are racist
are often times very boring to me I
generally don't like these types of
people for a variety of personal reasons
so I don't like to be in their presence
or even to have them around or to be
associated with them even like a
national level like I would prefer it if
racist would [ __ ] off of my even my
country I go so like I said don't really
cared necessarily my country but at
least like my community and whatnot so
on a personal level I don't want to
associate with them on an intellectual
level most of these
people are very [ __ ] stupid so that's
a reason why I don't really want to be
associate with him so getting rid of
that type of thought it benefits I think
me there as well
and then from a social level generally
having a society where people are
committing less crime and having to
spend less of my money being locked up
in jail and contributing more in terms
of tax dollars in our status amongst the
world in terms of like edge right um so
I guess my first response to that is
well that's true I think there are some
initiatives that like exist in society
currently that don't necessarily benefit
you that would still be part of like
that larger umbrella barrassed oh wait
save it again so for example it might
benefit you to have like Burrell yeah I
guess rising tide lifts all boats
perspective yeah for sure um maybe like
more accessible College for everyone
for example yeah for sure but that
doesn't apply equally across all college
majors do great I don't know if I agree
with that I mean I value all sorts of
knowledge I think that there's just as
much value in the arts as there is in
like stem or whatever sure I guess um
but I would say in response to that that
you can pursue art space knowledge
somewhat on your own time I realize I
may be opening a Pandora's box there but
yeah I don't know if this is I mean like
technically you can do anything on your
own time right yeah that's a fair point
and you could do computer programming or
literally every how do I use my um how
do I use my big bullets guys I forgot
the hotkey oh my god sorry it's okay
so did kill me Oh oh my god it's cute
okay Saigon yeah I mean I value all
types of education I'm not just like oh
it has to be stammered bus all right um
I guess do you think that there's the
same sort of social I guess learning met
you could say when it comes to like arts
knowledge versus like scientific
achievement though what do you mean by
learning net seeing for example if a
person makes like if there's a signs of
research facility it's developing the
cure for the the next cure for cancer
then if they discover that that benefits
you very very clearly I guess sure and
but versus people like other people
discovering I guess you could say okay
wait let's go here let's make a because
we're gonna get into really weird
arguments that are gonna be impossible
for you to defend cuz it sounds like
what you're going here is let's say that
I can allocate money to do different
types of educational institutions one is
involved in research in cancer the
others involved in research and art
history you're gonna say that well I
should only put money towards one
because it has a more likely effect of
benefiting me than the other right I
mean if you're doing for personal
benefit yeah so like this is so this is
like a focus and they're in the wrong
area we need to go to higher order
truths in order to figure out what I
would be in support of I'm not
necessarily in support of giving out
money to very specific causes and that's
the only way that I think that that
should be done that's like a really
specific thing that I I that argument is
impossible to defend because then we
have to get into well I should only
donate to certain types of research
while there are only certain majors that
I should like that could sense it like
really weird areas that are like
impossible to really defend so I'm
backing up so are you familiar kind of
like roughly with the idea of liberalism
basically freedom of speech freedom to
choose your life and job and all that
[ __ ] freedom of the press all that oh
yeah okay so I'm generally I'm pretty
sure I mean I would be consider
I'm pretty in favor of liberal
principles and I think that society
probably operates the best and people
can probably maximize their happiness at
least in the West under kind of like
liberal ideas so that's what I advocate
for in general
so from liberalism I think you generally
get things like education or your choice
and choosing what you want to do as a
job I don't believe that society should
like prescribe a certain type of work to
you and that we should only value
certain types of college education that
that sounds like a really bad idea I
think that there's a value in all types
of education whether it's art history or
engineering or you know nuclear research
or gender studies or whatever I think
that all types of education people
generally in people in general will be
more educated a good thing and I think
that all of these things contribute to
building a better society I don't like
the idea of only funding certain things
that are like immediately hyper relevant
and then not funding things that might
benefit us in other ways I'd rather let
people make those decisions on their own
right okay so that's kind of like my so
I don't think I would ever get into like
specific things I'm like I would only
ever fund this type of education that
seems kind of like a weird way to go
about picking and choosing Lake who I
would want to be fund for education
educator okay good I mean sure but I
would also say that I mean we have
sciences that are dedicated to
understanding for instance how one
should best allocate money in a society
for benefit and we can apply that to
these sorts of things right sure but I
don't think that getting rid of all
money away from like art degrees for
instance did that benefits society I
wouldn't think so
I mean society as a whole I would agree
with you it wouldn't but depending on
where you are personally might benefit
you depending well but then I feel like
we're crafting bad rules for society I
think in general I'd want to craft the
best rules for society gets everybody
invested in whatever program or whatever
I'd be interested in and I think it
keeps everybody contributing I like what
do do you think that like all the people
that want to do like art as a major will
just disappear and go become engineers
or whatever if we just get rid of the
art degrees like no they won't
well I mean some of them I think
actually because I mean a lot of people
will go into college I don't necessarily
know
they want to do and sort of take the
path of least resistance right so I
think some of those people you know
maybe maybe they like art and they do
art yeah I guess and then that's also
kind of sad then that we're basically
are crafting a society where we say it's
ok to force people to do things or
pressure people to do things in some way
that benefits society even if they don't
innately want to because then I feel
like somebody could compel me to do
something but like I really enjoy
streaming but how much in terms of like
science research output how much value
do I offer to society with my job like
little to none so should I be kind of
like pressured away from doing what I do
in order to be a researcher I don't know
I'm not comfortable crafting that role
over Society
I would agree with you actually on this
sort of wise but this debate is getting
to a weird territory I agree but no yeah
I think it would affect the perception
situation where it would be there is
still value like in society for for
instance good art because people need to
like have things to do after they've
amassed all the material economic units
to you know use for their benefit but I
think especially nowadays there's a lot
more artists then like massively viewed
art so you could have a system in which
even though I don't necessarily support
this you have I guess only like the very
top tier based on whatever academic
lecture you are gonna use yeah ok so the
so I try to look at society is like
holistically as possible if I want to
have like a realistic way in which
society societal rules kind of work so
if I create a society where I'm saying
we're gonna value certain types of
education more than other types and then
[ __ ] you otherwise I feel like that's
the society that's gonna be really hard
to get everybody invested in so I think
in general I would avoid those types of
things and like picking and choosing the
types of Education I support sounds like
a very bad way to have everybody feel
invested in my system because anybody
that's not like at the top tier of
something they want to do that I guess
isn't deemed worthy by society all of a
sudden doesn't get to pursue that area
of study I mean if they've got the money
to do it I mean it should be up to them
know or if they've got the qualification
to do it or if they've got the desire to
do it even I mean it
we can provide the funds for it sure
yeah I would say that um so the other
point I was gonna make which may be more
relevant here is again like you're
explaining very well I think how it
would benefit society at large but I
still haven't necessarily seen the
exhalation for why this would benefit
you personally so I mean like I want to
live in a society where everybody is
happy healthy and well educated I mean
being part of the United States means
something more than being well [ __ ] I
don't know get it a dick wag
but like rather than being part of say
like Estonia or something which is a
really quickly growing country I should
bring them up or some other you know
like country that's got like a [ __ ] ton
of issues or problems with education or
something right like I would rather be
part of a country where all of its
people are well educated where it's
people are healthy words people don't
commit crimes like I think in a in
indirect ways but in pretty observable
ways all of these things benefit me
greatly
right like but I don't know that just
seems really don't alright yeah but now
I I you made a very good point and it's
it's a little awkward because I don't
necessarily I don't necessarily disagree
with 99% of what you said here sure
except for the one thing um what was the
one thing the veganism thing but oh wait
so what are you discrete me about the
veganism thing no I I was trying to I
try to do the part of the ask yourself
to be that I I thought should have gone
differently because she had said
initially that there were like that sure
the universe box situation is a total
hypothetical well what is the universe
box situation again remember um which
way in the non-diverse or some [ __ ] if
you could push a button or yeah like
that and then these people could not
reciprocate or could not interact with
you in any way so you could reciprocate
yeah and I think I'd be indifferent I
mean I like emotionally I'd probably
wouldn't end that universe cuz I just
kind of like a dick mode to do for no
reason but I mean I'd be indifferent to
it ultimately I don't know right yeah
but so the reason why I sort of brought
the other stuff I brought up up is
because I sort of realized as that
debate was going on that it wasn't
actually that much
pathetic oh and there are situations in
which there are people who can't
reciprocate your well in a very direct
way but I mean indirectly we're all
pretty much connected to one another in
this day and age I mean where this is
where we live in a very [ __ ]
globalized society right like I'm sure
if I were to go to check my subscriber
counts most of my subs probably aren't
even from the United States if I combine
all the other regions right so I mean
we're all pretty connected these days
I'd say right if we got to areas in 20
and 10 or 20 years we're like India or
countries in Africa are becoming super
connected to global markets access to
Internet what not I mean that can be
more viewers from my stream since [ __ ]
right or for minority issues right if
women are more invested in gaming and
whatnot maybe I'll have more than a four
percent of female audience you know
maybe I could get you know twice as many
viewers or something if more women are
invested in games I mean like there are
ways that all of these things kind of
roundabout benefit us I would say
push just remind already entertainment
things like like Black Panther was
arguably some people could say a large
drive to that was because we wanted to
see you know more black people meeting
and I thought that movie was pretty cool
and I contributed to the Avengers the
Marvel Universe like I don't know and it
all seems like we're all pretty
connected these days you're not wrong
yeah but and this is also a part of the
global warming example even though it's
not a perfect example but because there
are also issues that will affect people
in the future the ones that will affect
people way out of my lifetime yeah I
don't know how you would ever deal with
that that gets hard I don't know if you
could ever justify it from an egoist
point of view I'm not sure yeah but I
mean since we're analyzing I guess
whether you are an egoist or not would
you personally try to invest in like
far-flung future issues I mean if it has
very minimal to no impact on my current
life maybe but if it would have any
detrimental impact to me and that would
be a really hard so I don't know how you
would ever get me invested in something
like that so like let's say for instance
you could contribute 5% of your tax
dollars in order to do like a manned
flight to [ __ ] Neptune
I know Neptune is a gas dryer but say
something like that but the flight
wouldn't happen until 2150 I don't know
if I'm ever investing any funds
whatsoever on that I don't think I could
ever you could ever get somebody like me
invest
yeah okay and in that case I suppose
it's I suppose a consistent position um
but the yeah the global warming thing is
hard because like you know we want to
think it's really far from the future
but who I don't know man I mean like
there's seasons around the world are
getting [ __ ] hot as [ __ ] like it's
hard to feel like that's only something
that um is like far off in the future
I'm pretty sure we're seeing the effects
of that now
ya know you're not wrong
I remember reading somewhere that like
wow it's like happening now it's going
to happen more like as things continue
