I guess they're definitely people make
the argument that go stressors bad
because of women but I hope that that
would be a minority it would have
bothered me at less if there wasn't the
whole um I got finally a movie with
women leads before and there are plenty
of good and bad movies for the one that
already haven't yeah but like you
typically see movies with men leads so
until we've seen like a plenty of both
people are still gonna make that same
comment much the same that if a movie
comes out where there are minority leads
like black people or whatever people can
make wow cool a black lead like they did
with Black Panther that's gonna happen
as long as the representation is so off
like there have been a shitload of films
with female leads no the vast majority
of films like in the action and sci-fi
and all those categories are male leads
now there are they're a lot when you
talk about absolute numbers yeah I'm
sure they're probably been hundreds
maybe even thousands but in terms of a
percentage of the overall movies that
have been made and it's a little bit
disingenuous to say there are [ __ ] loads
like there are [ __ ] loads of people with
ultra rare conditions on the planet we
don't call those conditions ultra rare
because they happen to like very few
people we say they're ultra rare because
they happen to a very small percentage
of people
to be clear little fly 87 like I don't
like I don't enjoy it when characters
are kind of shoehorned in and it's in
the end the political narrative is very
obvious if that makes sense like one of
the worst types of movies I've seen do
this as mr. and mrs. Smith where every
single scene is like the woman one
upping the guy and be like well I'm a
woman girl power like I think that [ __ ]
is pretty annoying but
so if the producers decided they wanted
to make the godmother and basically we
make the Godfather with an all-female
Italian crime family and it totally
stuck to us what it really not be
appropriate to blame the quality of the
film and a poorly inspired contrived
shoehorn premise No so like the problem
and I'm never going to convince you
excuse me because you're so [ __ ]
conservative that you cannot even
entertain for a microsecond a different
argument but like all of your statements
make what you think inside so obvious
and like I know that you don't realize
that but um like in your mind so when I
read so when I read your statement okay
you say if the producers decided that
they wanted to make the godmother and
basically we make the Godfather with an
all-female Italian crime family and it
totally sucked ass would it really not
be appropriate to blame the quality of
the film on a poorly inspired contrived
shoehorned premise what you're really
saying there is that making an Italian
crime family movie with women is a poor
is a dumb contrived idea that it has to
be men why would you ever why would you
ever remake something like The Godfather
with women women can't do that kind of
stuff women aren't criminals women don't
do climates that has to be a man thing
right that that's what you're really
saying with a statement whether you
realize it or not and I'm sure you're
gonna tell about some [ __ ] [ __ ]
about why that's not what you actually
mean but
yeah does he I'm saying that take Pete
films people like remove men and at
women can sometimes lead to bad content
or could lead to great content whether
or not the content is good or bad though
it shouldn't matter whether or not there
are women or men that's the problem
right the issue isn't whether or not
there are men or women that are recast
right the thing is that people like you
will never find him like you'll never
look at a movie like the Green Lantern
like here's an example right the Green
Lantern nobody I've never seen in my
life now maybe there's one person but
nobody looked at the Green Lantern I was
like wow that movie was really bad
because they decided to cast a white
male for the lead like what a horrible
[ __ ] movie like that ruined it but if
they would have did the Green Lantern
like a female lead or whatever then
people say like oh well that movie was
bad because it was a female right you'll
never blame the badness on them of a
movie on the fact that there is a white
male leading or the fact that there's
like an alien you'll never say that like
you'll never say that like oh this movie
is bad because there was a man however
people like you will say this movie was
bad because there were women cast for it
you know like that and that that in and
of itself those statements are
indicative of cancers underlying
thoughts that
[Music]
he's being insanely disingenuous for
that example anyway no one is literally
re making movies and replacing a broom
with females these have all been soft
reboots and aundrea yeah that's true the
Ghostbusters wasn't even really a remake
although I don't like that I mean cuz
even if it was a remake I just don't see
the big deal the problem is that the
problem is that what you see played out
here is that men have incredibly fragile
egos just as fragile as any black person
just as fragile as any [ __ ] woman
right men constantly say why do you need
characters that look like you why do
they have to look like you why do you
need carrot easily it shouldn't matter
shouldn't matter but then when a movie
is made with women why do there have to
be women why do they have to be women
there why can't we just keep it as
medicine quiet why does it matter like
if it's a [ __ ] movie it's a [ __ ] movie
period it's not a [ __ ] movie because
women were cast that's not a [ __ ] movie
because they decided to do an all women
remake you can do all women remix that
are good you can do all women remakes
that are bad so clearly the woman part
of that isn't the variable that's
determined it's not like there's a movie
do you think that if the new
Ghostbusters was cast with all men with
the exact same script that that's a gold
movie now that's a 99 percent on Rotten
Tomatoes now that the nerd movie review
guy is almost I'm really happy with it
like no it's still look like it's still
like a super comedy like that's it like
the fact that there's women or men there
doesn't like totally influence how good
or bad the movie is
I'd say agree it can lead to coconut but
you're off technology can lead to bad
content when it does it's appropriate to
cast blame on the inspiration for the
film you're basically saying you can
never blame that inspiration for about
content when it's obviously just this
reaction I just don't think that the
inspiration they wanted to make a movie
with women is like something that would
intrinsically lead to bad content that's
the problem is that you were you have
intrinsically connected your inspiration
of making film with women turns into bad
film that that inspiration was bad that
that is intrinsically bad like oh yeah
destiny so if a movie is inspired by sqw
inclusion inclusive motivation and the
movie is [ __ ] then blaming the
inspiration for the content is
apparently off-limits to you that makes
no sense at all just because something
is inspired by inclusive doesn't mean it
should be immune from criticism I'm not
saying that I'm not saying that anything
should be immune from criticism I'm
saying be honest with your criticism
don't try to say that like oh well I
don't mind if women are in movies blah
blah blah blah I just think it was a
mistake it's a like okay I don't think
that women should be in these movies or
I don't think something like that is
like more honest because like even what
you're saying here sjw inclusive
motivation that can lead to good movies
or can lead to bad movies for a good
example of SJW inclusive motivation look
at the entire history of the x-men which
is literally the defining point of that
whole [ __ ] series wait and then I'm
sure we could find examples of like
really dumb SJW inclusive movies or
whatever I'm sure those exist out there
too but you have to admit you being a
little bit disingenuous by saying the
only possible between an original and
all women remakes effectively swapped it
with women right no I'm saying there are
lots of differences I'm saying there are
lotsa different said that contributes
something being bad I just don't
understand why you would say because
there are women now all of a sudden it's
bad I promise you're unable to recognize
when it does lead to bad movies I
totally agree it can lead to good movies
so you already agree with me what are we
arguing
deciding to cast like deciding to do a
movie and then having women can lead the
good movies or can lead to bad movies
that's not the variable that determines
whether the movie is good or bad
[Music]
Professor X wasn't telepathic it's a
huge innovation all the women in porn
with men doesn't make it better either
just makes it a little gay gachigasm do
you not think it's highly improbable
that Ray was a Mary Sue because Disney
wanted to empower women like people say
this and I went looking through that
movies thread they're like 10,000
comments why was nobody complaining
about Han Solo being a Gary Stu how
about that can you explain that for me
because Han was just as bad as Ray in
the Star Wars movie it was actually
something that I was really disappointed
about because it made that movie like a
million times more boring to me but
nobody could why why doesn't anybody
make that claim there and for the record
I agree that Ray was a huge Mary Sue and
it was one of the worst parts of her
character but in the Han Solo movie Han
was absolutely a Gary Stewart and nobody
seems to care about that at all like he
literally starts the movie off as like a
fifteen-year-old like master pilot that
it can hijack everything and do
everything and like okay well I thought
we were well I thought we were watching
like the creation Oh Han Solo not like
by the time we get to the movie even
though he's like 14 years old he's
already like a master everything like
okay
so I'll always objectively shut down
performed at the box office I said yeah
I know but I'm just saying like nobody
would ever call that out like nobody
whatever like when you're a man you face
different criticisms are when your woman
you face much harsher criticism
sometimes then like men would write like
if your character is overpowered again
like this is like an ex commis an ex
kills me critique right if your
character is overpowered and you're a
female you're only overpowered because
of escheat abuse they just want empower
women bla bla bla but if you're a male
character and you're overpowered it's
like okay well maybe it's a shitty
character maybe it's not maybe it's
overpowered maybe it's not but instead
of like getting into the character
analysis it's literally like sjw's made
this person overpowered because it's a
woman it's like okay make is that like
the reason why the character is bad
literally because it's a woman like
that's what like I don't know it's just
how much Westworld the first season yeah
any opinion on the whole realism thing
with women in the battlefield 5 trailer
I don't think realism is like a good
thing to call out for free call of duty
shooters it just feels like a really
dumb cop-out argument when so much of
the game is so hilariously unrealistic
it seems very like when you decide where
you want to pick and choose your
realisms it just it makes me wonder what
your motivations are and people are
never honest about their motivations
right so we always have to inductively
reason out like what's motivating you to
make this complain you know if somebody
looks at a picture if you if somebody
tries to draw like a decently realistic
picture of a classroom full of
schoolchildren and a guy looks at the
picture and he's like you know this
picture the male students the bulges on
their pants just aren't their you know
their dicks would be about this long by
the time they were in fourth grade I
just don't understand your drawing is
just not really accurate like if that
was the criticism that they went with
you would look at that guy like the [ __ ]
that's what you're going with what
that's your that's your that's your
criticism of the the [ __ ] the [ __ ] is
wrong with you right but when you look
at the battlefield trailer right and you
have pretty much another Call of Duty
shooter where you can literally fly in
planes
jump out of one plane rocket launcher
another plane and then hop into another
plane and then fly off right when this
is your game and then somebody looks and
they see a woman isn't making her like
that's not very realistic guising that's
here of all the [ __ ]
that involves shooting in battlefield
your takeaway unrealistic aspect there
like okay interesting that's where you
draw the line like the reason people
don't like women thing in battlefield 5
is it appears to be politically
motivated but that's the problem right
this is the issue is that and again it's
impossible to do if you're a man I can
you can't do it I don't know why you
because people don't naturally men with
you imagine you're a woman right you
can't be in any game without a
justification for being there you can't
have a character in any game unless
there's a good there's gotta be a damn
good reason for you to be there right
like why like why can't I you know if
I'm a woman I can't have a character
that's in a game unless it's gotta have
a whole [ __ ] back he's gotta have a
whole justification it's got up a whole
[ __ ] good ass reason for me they're
like I can't just have a character
that's a woman in the game that I just
not allowed to have that like that's
just completely not allowed unless
there's like it's got to be like the
realistic portrayed sniper from Franklin
World War two it's got to be the British
instance like the SP and I thought like
I can't just have a woman character
that's not allowed but for men
characters you can have a million
different types of ridiculously insane
Rambo tier men characters you don't need
a reason for any of those people you
don't need any reasons but you just make
them out the [ __ ] ass make them
overpowered make them god-tier make them
but whatever you don't need any reasons
for that but if there is a woman
character I've got to sit here and give
you like the [ __ ] spiel I've got to
justify my whole existence just to have
a character that looks like me okay
I think the problem here is the feminist
or SJW rhetoric is being used as the
focal point and entertainment and if you
criticize that you're somehow sexist
equality means women characters can be
criticized too sure and you can
criticize care there are plenty of [ __ ]
[ __ ] women characters dude holy [ __ ]
what are some [ __ ] what are some games
we played recently I'm sure we play
games recently with shitty [ __ ] women
characters they exist but the difference
is that when you criticize a man this
goes back to my whole like how you
insult people in everything right if you
walk into a room with a with a girl do
you have a million ever go to insults
immediately oh what's wrong you PMSing
because you're on your [ __ ] period oh
you're so mad maybe you should go to the
kitchen make me a sandwich oh you know
what are you doing here [ __ ] art
history is that way right there's a
million go to insults for women you walk
into a room with it with a with a white
dude I have to I have to learn something
about you to make fun of you you know
and and it's the same way with with
criticisms and games you know if there's
a male character and you want to say
well that characters [ __ ] you're never
gonna say that character is really
shitty because who's male like why would
they cast a man there like that was so
politically motivated Eric tur a man
that's such a shitty decision to make
city [ __ ] character you would never say
that but you can say you know why would
they cast a woman there that's a shitty
cat like why don't you make that a woman
what a shitty choice for a female
character like it's just bad like why
don't you have the female character
right you criticize the aspect of it
being a female but you'd never criticize
the aspect of it being a male like you
can have shitty women characters but if
your criticism of a shitty woman
character is that it's a woman then it's
like okay well what are you actually
trying to say
destiny is pretending that people don't
like the character because I'm gonna
peel to hyperrealism
in reality was that for aesthetic World
War two trace our character was
hilariously contrived and only created
because of sjws okay
oh I was gonna say this looks a lot like
[ __ ] aliens what the [ __ ]
bye this is a
I disagree I think that history is a
part even in a casual shooter it feels
like rewriting of facts where women are
represented in a situation where they
simply weren't present nothing wrong
with women characters and you're like
first of all wasn't the trailer just a
multiplayer thing that's the first thing
but secondly who cares like why does it
matter it's not like we're actually
relearning history and a history book
like the the problem here's the problem
that I have to deal with okay and I
[ __ ] hate that I have this problem
the problem is that most of you [ __ ]
lie about what you're saying and why you
believe the things you do you [ __ ]
lie about it because you're worried that
what you actually believe is too
offensive or too rude or whatever so I
so I have to play all these [ __ ] mind
games where I have to figure out what
you actually mean right so when people
like you say things like well the
problem I understand that it's okay so
here might be your argument okay it
doesn't have to be hyper-realistic
destiny we can both agree that there are
exaggerations made but these
exaggerations are made for gameplay
purposes okay
yeah you can look up your gun real quick
and run through a hail of bullets but
nobody wants to play an ultra hyper
realistic shooter where you die
instantly as soon as you run through a
field okay but I'm just saying like
putting women there like it just it
destroys the immersive aspect of the
thing I mean I'm not saying that we have
to be like hyper realistic I'm just like
adding women in a place where there were
none you know I totally just raised it
okay it's like this is your position
that this is where you draw the line in
terms of like making something like
realistic or not but you never see these
criticisms when it comes to movies like
Braveheart or it comes to movies like
what's the other big Mel Gibson one
Braveheart of the Patriot where people
are like one guy with a hatchet taking
out like 20 dudes like this is
ridiculous like to save his children and
[ __ ] this is so dumb like this is beyond
[ __ ] like realistic or fake or
whatever this is the dumbest thing like
what about the the [ __ ] in the Patriot
rewriting history some lone dude fooling
