many company directors believe that
being part of an LLC protects them the
things that you learn in life you like
to keep to yourself as a crazy Whisperer
what's your view on Nauvoo here's the
here's the bar story I like exploring
trans issues because I think trans
issues really challenge what we mean
when we say certain words you guys want
a hot take about anime JRPGs i don't
think you should ever use guns a lot of
people they run really long streams
because they just don't know what else
to do with their wife cuz it's a song
right you're not writing like a [ __ ]
college paper hey guys what do you think
about them banning vapes and they still
haven't banned guns when guns kill more
people what about that it's Trump gonna
win this year May it's possible yeah I
think it's a strong possibility twitch
being on this [ __ ] banning [ __ ] holy
[ __ ] on ironically I [ __ ] hate it
when people say like yeah wait have they
figured out a solution for the Ireland
[ __ ] yet or how come like mostly
like every country has like healthcare
and stuff or like in England if I get
[ __ ] up I go to the NHS and it's paid
to me right that they see that as an
insult and it hurts them yeah the amount
of money that I pay for self-employment
tax that goes towards my [ __ ] Social
Security right but in Europe they see
ethnicities a lot more than we do
because we're not used to like calling
it out
with the lawyer happy it was time to
sign wait is that where is Dan at there
is no way in American law that that
would pass right that if you're engaging
in this type of conduct as the business
owner you can't just say like oh well
that's my company lol can't sue me
you would 100% get [ __ ] on that no
[ __ ] way 100% they aren't doing
enough to protect themselves to be a
corporate veal yeah like you're talking
like you need like a [ __ ] board of
directors you need like like I'm like a
corporation that's actually engaged and
it sound like separate practice like you
can't do some sole ownership [ __ ] LLC
or I don't know tan Ltd is or some
[ __ ] and then pretend that that's
gonna protect you from liability no
[ __ ] way
I don't believe that like if I were to
create like I can go register an LLC
today for wedding probably a few hundred
dollars and then I can go like as part
of my company like dump a whole bunch of
toxic waste in the [ __ ] Street and
like well we're gonna sue you really
nope you can't sue me look I got a
limited liability company it's right in
the name no that's one of the main
reasons sole proprietors register LLC's
dawg I will bet my life bring any lawyer
and chaton okay if you register an LLC
and it is a sole owner pass-through
entity right there's one owner no
employees and all the income is passed
through which LLC's are by default [ __ ]
LLC's aren't even federally recognized
entities there's no [ __ ] way that
LLC's actually gonna protect you from
liability if you're a [ __ ] sole owner
now like if you had like tons of
employees and you're like a separate
place of like business established and
everything and you were running [ __ ]
like that then yeah you probably are
limiting liability to some extent but
there's no [ __ ] way that a sole owner
LLC is gonna give you a significant
liability shield for illegitimate
business practice
no [ __ ] way dude many company
directors believe that being part of an
LLC protects them from being sued
personally while its alumina company
does offer an element of protection
there are no guarantees and a growing
number of directors are being sued
personally for actions I carried on
behalf of company yeah of course this is
like this is like a this is like a
[ __ ] cartoon dream like oh well I
start a company huh Occupy Wall Street
said that businesses are separate people
and so I'm gonna be totally protected
from all liability now I [ __ ]
[ __ ] up now for instance now if you take
out like assets in the name of the
company like against like the company's
balance or whatever stuff like that then
people can't like
let's say for instance my company goes
bankrupt except for in like exceptional
circumstances like maybe like a basil
mint of funds or something
you can't come after me my assets for
stuff that my company loan right like
that's a huge like liability shield so
friends it's like if I open a company
and I start buying and selling like
assets under that company maybe I buy
vans for carpet-cleaning assumption if I
can't pay my bills and that company goes
bankrupt you can liquidate the company
but you can't come after me for my [ __ ]
right so that's one way that like like a
company can show I showed you it like
moving the goalposts there's an errand
screen total liability protection an LLC
providing protection in general yeah 100
is a significant amount of reduction if
you are a sole owner of an LLC there is
almost no protection being provided to
you save for maybe if that LLC has its
own balance sheet and you're taking out
loans in the name of that company
although I'm not even 100% sure if you
can do that because an LLC is not
federally recognized entity I don't know
if that would impact your ability to
take out loans against AI but you're not
you're not getting any significant
protection as a sole owner of an LLC
you're one step away from being a sole
proprietor why do software owners make
business protect themselves then what
does it open well like if you got like a
whole company then having like a
corporate structure can be beneficial
for a number of reasons but um sole
owner LLC's are [ __ ] memes the only
reason the whole reason people is so
long or else use a chair their taxes
okay that's the only reason I have fun
alright not cheating but like you're not
like come on dude like a sole owner LLC
you one step away from a sole proprietor
you barely have a business alright you
can also be a sole owner seer S Corp I
don't think that's true I don't think
you can be a sole owner C Corp in order
to file as a C Corp I think you have to
have like an actual board and [ __ ] you
have to have a corporate structure you
can be a you can you can kind of be a
sole owner S corp so for instance if you
have an LLC you can file form 2553 so
you can file this form if you want if
you want to have an LLC treat it as an
escort for tax purposes but I don't
think you can have a c-corp I am a sole
owner C Corp really destined you're
really talking about your ass here the
thing is if someone Sue's italian-style
and they really are fine I think it's
something from suing them nothing is
stopping them from suing them that means
you have no [ __ ] protection you
[ __ ] [ __ ]
that's the whole [ __ ] point if I if
Pepsi causes trouble for me
I would sue the corporation Pepsi but I
can't sue like the owner of Pepsi right
unless he personally has defrauded me
but if the Italian stallion [ __ ] me
over I can sue the owner of that company
okay so ownership there's no protection
that's my whole [ __ ] point dude I'm
super curious if you can actually file
for a c-corp without having a corporate
structure even as an LLC I see
corporation is legally independent from
its owners it's not a personal tax
liability for its owners it's a more
complex structure than an LLC it was a
board of directors and shareholders I
thought that this was required to file a
c-corp why are you people who are wrong
you're given legitimate aim well-liked
and fuzzy has the sole owner he's the
sole owner of a seed Court why why
useful whatever C Corp like it what the
[ __ ] you can make yourself the whole
board and have only one shareholder okay
my guess you can I believe you
wait Lycan why are you a sole owner of a
c-corp well what is your rationale for
that I'm super curious in smaller seed
corpse one individual may act as the
company's on shareholder director
officer and employees shareholders of a
secret select individuals they're gonna
see coops board of directors so could
you be the could you also be the whole
board as long as the corporation is just
one owner so shareholder states allowed
to have just one director as well to
appoint yourself director you'll need to
prepare meeting minutes that show you as
the shareholder elected yourself as the
sole director of the board good one
generally on site so generally C
corporations like a normal corporation
is subject to like different like tax
rules that are usually not good for
having this I'm not sure why you would
ever I don't know why you would ever
have a single person C Corp I have a
saying I do a single person escort but
that's because it works as a
flow-through entity for taxes so all of
the money that my business makes flows
through to my 1040 so I just pay it that
way I don't know why you would ever be a
single owner C Corp I guess you can do
it I didn't even know you could but I
don't think this is ever going to help
you from attack strategy but oh yeah I'm
not sure I'm gonna give you guys I don't
do this very often because I the things
that you learn in life you like to keep
to yourself okay cuz you [ __ ] Zoomers
you should have to learn it at yourself
okay I don't like sharing my life
lessons with you guys cuz I want you
guys to suffer through what I suffered
okay in order to learn the life lessons
that I've learned but I'm gonna go ahead
in my ancient wisdom why only almost 31
years of lifeless planet I'm gonna go
ahead and share with you pro life tip
okay they warn you it's a slightly
anecdotal might not apply to all women
okay what it probably does
alright anytime a woman is tweeting out
some [ __ ] that starts with like real
friends do this or real friends don't do
that that motherfucker's crazy okay 99%
of the time they're given themselves
advice because they don't [ __ ] follow
it
do some [ __ ] crazy sneaky [ __ ] or
they're [ __ ] insane or they're
talking about some [ __ ] that they have
literally done like already and for some
reason I protected anyone else
I don't know why that's the case okay
but if you stop by some girls Twitter
and she's tweeting some [ __ ] we're like
real friends stick up for their friends
when they my blah and you might be
looking at him like oh yeah that's true
the real friends should do that that's
some awesome [ __ ] she's straight-up
[ __ ] she is you're getting [ __ ]
sneaked into some [ __ ] okay
she's probably backstab some friend or
she has [ __ ] someone over super hard
and she's mad she I called on her [ __ ]
okay watch why she sells on that one
boys that's that's the one piece of
squad w advice okay oh yeah my example
today might my go-to example for this
was Malecha holy [ __ ]
what did she tweet out I hate holding
grudges I hate knowing people are upset
with me I hate not leaving things on
good terms it's my weakness Oh anytime
somebody's like one of my weaknesses one
of my weaknesses is that I'm too nice to
people like if I try to give everybody
everything they want and I don't take
anything for myself it's truly my
biggest flaw is that I'm so selfless I
try to help everyone around me and no
one is there to help me I try to do
everything I can for all the people in
my life I share so much love and I get
nothing back from anyone else this
[ __ ] is crazy okay when you see
people saying [ __ ] like that
that motherfucker's crazy twitter are
you LW I hate holding grudges I hate
knowing people upset with me I hate not
leaving things on good terms is my
weakness I have so much guilt of her
friendships ending I care too damn much
boom [ __ ] like two hours earlier
why'd you [ __ ] that giant zucchini good
one good one Malecha destiny her excuse
for that tweet I haven't read the tweet
yet but I already know what's gonna say
okay are you ready hold on hold on okay
I got it
she's gonna say some [ __ ] like oh the
only reason I tweeted that is cuz you
were being a shitty friend or tricking
you wouldn't admit it it's gonna be some
[ __ ] like that guaranteed ready the
tweet is blue on my other monitor too
okay it's blue my other matter I have
not clicked hold on
I'm screenshotting this yeah hold on
wait actually let me make sure for real
that's it sweet I was a simple partner
behavior bully trying to vote me
something away
my lady asked why you did it let me know
that [ __ ] was hilarious and get
deflecting from the real issue is I
don't care for clout I care for the fact
you were one being chic because flirt
roughly become close enough okay close
enough how do I have spent so much time
with crazy girls okay I know everything
about how they work okay
I'm a master okay I'm like the crazy
whisperer all right I see I could see
right through that [ __ ] [ __ ] x-ray
vision all right
Nova is equally crazy to read her
Twitter radio Twitter she might be crazy
um I'd be totally honest I don't know
her well enough to know if she's crazy
or not she's also super [ __ ] young I
think she's like she's either 21 or 20 I
[ __ ] I shouldn't have like this I
actually I don't think she should have
apologized for this I think it's really
sad when people attack each other over
like porn in the past that's like really
[ __ ] up I think it's really really
really stupid and I'm actually I mean
it's obvious it's her life but I don't
think she should [ __ ] I don't think
she should apologize for it as a crazy
whisper what's your view on Nauvoo um
wait isn't no not a view intuition no
sorry buddy I have talked it over with a
few times like we might have I got
dumplings the other day and [ __ ]
I don't I don't know her well enough to
know if she is crazy or not like she
gives off like she might have some crazy
vibes but I try to give a lot of leeway
to people that are really young man dude
she's 20 years old I can't even imagine
dude I can't imagine how [ __ ] gasps
my ego would be and how [ __ ] my life
would be if I started streaming or had
like a lot of public attention when I
was [ __ ] 20 how would you feel as a
parent if your daughter did that kind of
[ __ ] I wouldn't give a [ __ ]
personally I think it's really [ __ ]
weird and really [ __ ] creepy
when dads get super protective of their
daughters sexuality I don't think
there's I think that's like one step
away from being a [ __ ] pedophile that
[ __ ] is the creepiest [ __ ] [ __ ] in
the world to me when dads are obsessed
over what dicks go inside their
daughters vaginas that is the weirdest
[ __ ] thing in the world to me I can't
believe that [ __ ] has been normalized
for most of human history that is really
[ __ ] weird to me but um I mean
whatever that's like what's wrong with
not wanting your daughter to be a [ __ ]
because your goal for raising a daughter
shouldn't be to guard her sexual [ __ ]
virginity or whatever it is you're not
the keeper of your daughter's [ __ ]
you've been a do [ __ ] weird that
sounds like hey what's up this is my
daughter I'm her dad and I'm here to
protect her [ __ ] from all enemy dicks
like what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
make sure you raise your kid to be a
good person make sure they're smart help
them get [ __ ] educate
at school helping form healthy
relationships and [ __ ] but your goal is
like how many people are allowed to [ __ ]
my daughter that's weird as [ __ ] dude
[ __ ] dudes in private is different
than [ __ ] millions online it's a
[ __ ] job it's porn dew point is a
[ __ ] huge s industry man dude I wish
I could go through the browser history
here is here's the [ __ ] world in life
right
if you demonize people for their porn
past or some [ __ ] and you jerk off to it
online
you're literally [ __ ] subhuman trash
all right what the [ __ ] is wrong with
you dude how you gonna sit here with
[ __ ] [ __ ] still [ __ ] crusting on
your [ __ ] hand and start smashing
your keyboard about how disgusting and
horrible porn stars are like what the
[ __ ] is wrong with you dude it's all
your getting late anytime soon you
should be thanking these people for
giving you a [ __ ] outlet for your
sexual frustrations come on dawg huh
not anything is wrong with being a
virgin I'm trying to take you there okay
okay here's the here's the bar story I
guess it's early so everybody should be
sleeps we should be okay
okay so many tricky and fun we're at a
bar okay
everything was fine I think well we clap
we went back to the bat we went back to
the bathroom because either I had to go
I think sure getting over the bathroom
me fun and trick you're in the bathroom
area tricky goes into the bathroom me
and fawn are standing like a little
hallway just chatting okay out of
[ __ ] nowhere alright so this like
pretty big guy like tall
broad-shouldered
like chubby like pretty big dude comes
walking in all right and he like he says
something back to his friends he's like
he's just laughing having a good time
yeah also I'll be back in a sec whatever
he doesn't guys whose friends and as he
walks by okay as he walks by fun looks
at him and she's like yeah no thank you
and I like and I look at fun I'm like
what the [ __ ] are you doing
and the guy was like what and she's like
you heard me I was like oh no and the
guy was like super chill and he walks
into the bathroom and he just starts
pissing and she's like yeah you better
keep walking you tiny dick [ __ ]
and I'm like dude what the [ __ ] is wrong
with you and then the guy starts like
shouting at her from the bathroom and
he's like what the [ __ ] is wrong with
you ugly skank she's like oh you know
and she just starts going off and I'm
like what is wrong and she starts
talking about she wants to fight this
guy like dude this guy wouldn't [ __ ]
literally kill both of us like what do
you oh my god chicky comes out of the
bathroom and I like wanna [ __ ] die
the guy cut the guy was super chill he
comes out and she's like laughing he
walks away I guess he's saying she was
drunk or whatever holy [ __ ]
that's the yeah damn I didn't know if I
was about to get [ __ ] killed cuz I
cuz isn't that what happens right the
guy would attack me because he thinks I
would like defend her [ __ ] honor some
[ __ ] [ __ ] that [ __ ]
holy [ __ ] but that's the that was the
bar that was the bar story there you go
but aside from that story
they were both cool to hang out with I
guess I don't have any problems with her
it's a woman privilege and action
because she knows she won't get hit yeah
a little bit it's a little squad w if he
fought her what would you do [ __ ]
world star dude I get my phone out start
recording
shit's going on YouTube oh another
reason why I like this type of stuff too
so for instance a lot of the times we
have arguments my scream about like
trans people right because I I think
that uh I think that this might sound I
guess a little bit uh rude I don't know
how you'd say this
I like exploiting trans issues because I
think trans issues really challenge what
we mean when we say certain words and it
gets people to think about things that
they otherwise wouldn't normally think
about right Oh
transitions are interesting because I
help us explore topics that we don't
really think about much so for instance
we usually think that when we say
something is something that that means
something right okay so that was a very
vague but like let's think of the
concept of a chair well do we what one
do chairs exist right well I don't know
do they I mean like well of course I can
see a chair well that particular object
exists right or there's some like
collection of physical things that
accumulate to become this object right
that this object is like an emergent
property of these things so like a chair
is just a concept a particular chair can
be like a particularly thing that we can
point out but the concept of chair is
something different right it's not
really found in the world anywhere it's
an idea that exists in our heads and
it's malleable different people could
consider different things to be chairs
one person's chair could be another
person's beanbag or stool or one
person's sandwich could be another
person's hotdog there's like there is
this this we don't really think about
like the broad universal categories that
we use to describe things we just we
kind of Sam and we assume that they're
real and we all talk to each other and
we all have like a mutual understanding
what these things mean but they don't
actually mean like but really they're
not like something ups found naturally
right and this is actually even true of
the concept of man and woman male and
female not only in just a gender sense
but even in a sexual sense right why do
we differentiate
based on parts why do we differentiate
based on this can have a baby this
person can't this is a penis this is a
vagina you know on what grounds do we
draw these distinctions you know well as
humans we think that there's some
utility in doing it but there is no like
rule in nature that says it like well
these have to be men these have to women
that's just how we kind of like drawn
things up and trans people really
challenge a person that's never
considered any of these categories into
thinking like well what what does it
mean like for any of these categories to
actually exist like these you know are
these like what does it mean for man to
be man or woman to be woman or Trenton
to be a woman or trans man to be a man
or whatever and yeah I like I like the
idea of like challenging these kinds of
like categories that we've created in
our mind in terms of thinking like well
what is what is real or what is a
category or what what is this particular
thing like is it really as objective as
I think it is cuz all of us like to
think that we have like this very
objective rigorous understand in the
world you know like well how do you
evaluate the world I use science what
the [ __ ] does that even [ __ ] mean
Dawg like do these do it like there's a
category if something exists is it
arbitrary why are they the way they are
we kind of take all these things for
granted or passed down from our parents
we'd get them around us reinforced
culturally and we never really
questioned any of it I think it's good
to question things see just it's
interesting okay do you guys want a hot
[ __ ] take though you guys want a hot
take about anime JRPGs that stuff in
general I don't think you should ever
use guns don't think so I just don't
think it works it looks weird the best
when people are like shooting each other
and not killing each other
it's just weird I just don't think it
works it just it's super immersion
breaking it seems really dumb like when
I look at like a lot of like the Final
Fantasy animation now from like the
Final Fantasy 7 game and everything it
just it looks weird have able shooting
at each other like nothing is happening
I don't know I don't like it I think
it's dumb you can please like person B
person or ships to know well for ships
and stuff it works but like person or
person is just kind of weird like what
is happening here like when Diane is
like shooting at Barrett here like what
am I supposed to be thinking is
happening like he's he just getting shot
and it just doesn't impact it doesn't
hurt him because he can he's fat even
gets shot it doesn't matter
thank what am I supposed to think here
yes bulletproof skin oh I got a good
joke Oh cuz he's black just say no now
go ahead mr. Mouton what were you gonna
say just say it
no it's not even about that
[ __ ] is this yes focus on creating an
evergreen content they should be making
things like Instagram posts and YouTube
videos and stuff like that they
shouldn't be streaming streaming is a
absolute waste of time for most people
do you think it's streaming influences
need a PA or life coach or mentor um I
don't know about that I think they just
need a little bit of introspection you
know thanks man for the to appreciate
that babble on a lot of people they run
really long streams because they just
don't know what else to do with their
life they say that they're on the grind
and they're working really hard but the
truth is that they wouldn't know what
else to do that's actually like that's
actually the funny thing right like they
wouldn't what to do they turn off the
stream they don't know how I work on the
ocean team outside of actually streaming
and so they like just stream really long
hours and then they they say is the
grind but it really they're just like
you know it's actually funny like I'd
look for procrastination who's never
talking about so what Devin is talking
about it's like let's say for instance
let's say you stream like 10 hours a day
like if you're like a streamer and you
put in long hours let's say you stream
10 hours a day and that's all you do and
you're like grinding you scream like 12
hours a day you could stream 12 hours a
day or you could stream like 11 hours a
day and put that 1 hour towards some
other activity that would grow your
business or brand there's a good chance
that like that extra hour is gonna go
way farther than just streaming an extra
hour is what Devin is talking about and
it's 100% true if you're just reaming 14
hours today every day you can probably
stream like a couple less hours and do
something that's gonna be more
profitable or more more better better
for your brand her business in future
the song is called where you at and it
features Drake no not Sir Francis Drake
just a guy named Drake of course both
those that are given names where are you
at and I can guarantee there will be
some dramatic failures in this song
that's not English I don't know what
that means I don't know what that's
supposed to be saying that's that's not
even close to English do we speak it
this is the problem I thought we were
supposed to speak a common language I
thought the purpose of language is to
communicate with one another but
apparently when we outlawed nouns we
also outlawed human communication so
here's an entire song incredibly that
has zero nouns in it consonants it's so
crazy because like he tries to be like
an intellectual but this is such like an
anti intellectual
take on like how language even works
right like who is on who's a lingual
prescriptivists like who actually
believes in this [ __ ] right like is this
such a dumb [ __ ] take on language is
so stupid like this is actually like
just stupid as [ __ ] language nerds will
disagree but you know to be a language
nerd is how language works changes over
time like different slangs become like
actually codified in actual language
like if we look up like for instance if
we look up literally in the dictionary
now there's literally an informal use
for figuratively like I mean language
this is like there's like a million
examples where language evolves and
changes over time there's a reason why
when we speak we don't sound like
British people right we have different
sentence structures sometimes we use
words a little bit differently right
that's a proper sandwich the [ __ ] does
that mean how can I say would be [ __ ]
proper oh we have different words for
things right like it's are you implying
that this video is real wait is this not
real I actually know I know that this
video is real like I know that this is
real we're not gonna listen we do here
on deconstructing the culture is we take
some top 40 songs or songs that are soon
to make the top 40 and we go through the
lyrical stylings of those songs and we
talk about what they mean for the
culture because the truth is that as I
say every week during the segment
culture matters significantly more in
the United States than politics culture
shapes politics politics does not shape
culture people determine what they
believe is right and wrong based on the
feelings that they get from the music
they listen to the movies they watch the
TV they view the books they read the
people they talk to and so we like to
take a couple of top 40 hits and break
them down for you well today the thing
is is it like this could actually be
like an interesting exercise like let's
take some popular songs and break them
down and to figure out like what are the
underlying messages do we consider these
positive or negative if they're positive
is there like a reflection of a positive
trend in culture if it's negative is a
reflection of a negative trend of
culture how much does this reflect on
the culture versus the artist versus
maybe like the producers or the
corporations behind them like this is
this could be like an interesting
exercise right and maybe you could even
get like there could be an enlightening
exercise right like what is the popular
media of today what do people listen to
how does that shape our culture how is
culture shaping music but instead we're
sitting here criticizing on the [ __ ]
grammar in the song like this is the
68th most popular song in America the
actual lyric is where your ass was at
dawg when n were
wasn't feed me where your ass was at dog
I mean how many grammatical errors is
that in one phrase where your ass was if
this isn't culture analysis this is like
grammar Nazism and it like doesn't even
make sense to do it this way because
like because it's a song right you're
not writing like a [ __ ] college paper
like this is so stupid it's like it's
actually like just stupid
Jesus Christ [ __ ] idiot hey guys what
do you think about them banning vapes
and they still haven't banned guns when
guns kill more people what about that
violates the Constitution we do better
getting them vapes out of the kids hands
all those all those [ __ ] I saw a
LinkedIn video didn't actually read it I
heard that all the progress and getting
kids to stop smoking has been completely
reversed by the vibes that like as many
kids are vaping as many kids we're
smoking at the height of swellings
popularity is that true yeah I honestly
believe that people vape and then get
into smoking afterwards that's what I
did I've smoked a vapor that I
transitioned into smoking that was a
fivehead about it why smokers I'm a
[ __ ] dude I was smell like [ __ ] it
gets oh yeah like vaping is superior to
smoking cigarettes and I quit I've quit
everything now but I was just wait but
as far as I know vaping like I know we
had some instances of people getting
[ __ ] but I think they're saying that
it's like some bad juice that did it
like there should be almost no health
effects from vaping yeah I'm not a
doctor it's like nicotine is caffeine
that's slightly addictive and then the
only other ingredients that should be in
vaping is flavoring in vegetable
glycerin and propylene glycol which both
are harmless
there was one of the it was a certain
type of a good
I read their study recently that kids
were getting some kind of disease or
something related to vape but then I was
reading that people were saying that
that's not like most vapes that's just
like an older model or some [ __ ] is it
actually like so what I know what what
happened the very first dates they came
out if you remember these things like
the pen looking ones the wicking
material that they would you know
essentially the element would heat up
they would put like bad [ __ ] in it back
in the day and then you would get like
you know that type of stuff but that's
like if you're really [ __ ] overheated
it you could get like bad [ __ ] in your
lungs it's not it wasn't from the juice
it was like from the element in the wick
I mean that stuff the ultimate issue
with vaping for kids is that when they
[ __ ] babe they get socially isolated
cuz they look like [ __ ] losers and
then they get depression that's that's
the fire brain tape only the cool kids
babe what are you talking about random
in its Trump gonna win this year May
it's possible yeah I think there's a
strong possibility I think I feel 50/50
right now but I don't know so I got I
feel like most people are like nothing
really that bad happened this year so
we'll vote for him again do you think
people have that mentality or now yeah
things carry on and the economy is doing
okay I think it's possible if the
Democrats you know I mean it could be
like we're due for one I honestly think
they need to make it so if you are above
the age of like 40 you can't be a
president I feel like all people just
don't know what to do the young people
the future young people should run a see
be in charge
I don't know all people are so [ __ ]
dumb are you kidding me they don't know
what they're doing Donald Trump probably
couldn't even draw a smiley face in pain
why should he roll a [ __ ] country man
do you really think that we can divide
like good and bad presidents like and
see some correlation between like old
and I'd actually say probably some of
the better presidents tended to be older
than I personally think that young
people are the future and they should
honestly be a well not young young
people I'm not talking like an 18 year
old president I took like 35 to 40 like
I don't know because all people tend to
be a bit more conservative but they're
close minded man they're like stuck in
their old ways they're [ __ ] stupid I
don't well you guys said it Boris
Johnson he's like what 55 that's pretty
young is he actually 55 they're like
what I would rather Boris Johnson the
[ __ ] Jacob Riis Mark Wright and Jace
tree Smaug
so they want to run the country how they
used to remember it but instead they
should be running the country how they
should imagine it in the future like I
don't have to put it in words but they
want to make it like the old days when
in fact the old days of dead and gone
man what is that weird being um twitch
being on this [ __ ] banning [ __ ] holy
[ __ ] banning walk this girl got banned
for 30 days or what how long sorry did
she show her bush like the other girls I
don't know she apparently she award this
and she got banned for inappropriate
clothing
technically a sports bra if they were
wanted to be real dicks about it
Oh reported from underwear a lingerie oh
it's just a warning I guess I mean she's
already a partner Jesus probably girls
girls get partners so fast I honestly I
honestly believe like if I if I was a
girl I found a girl I'd do the [ __ ]
same thing man you got to do what you
got to do to make money I mean I have
two friends right now that like pull
over 500 current viewer averages that
are girls that like can't get partner to
save their lives I don't know like if I
have to shake my axe to get some to
guess a few donations I'll do that [ __ ]
man
um I don't think that woman there was
doing it for donations as much as it's
just a lot more comfortable to work out
and you know they always make an excuse
like that they're working out you know
when they're really it's like a double
motive you know not only are they
working out they're [ __ ] doing just
saying it for excuse to get in sexual
clothing like it's funny like some girls
just have beach streams and they're on
the beach every [ __ ] day I'm like
dude
- [ __ ] farmer like the girls who just
sit in the pool real quick in the pool
yeah yeah yeah yeah it's like a talk
about it's yeah is it I think it's
pretty [ __ ] boring
I mean Bora is that's why have you ever
seen a girl yeah sorry
he has a I mean have you ever seen a
girl
that-a-girl get 3 K 4 3 2 4 K varies but
we're yep like like this only there's a
limit to that growth like yeah you can
show your body and use your body as calm
and cyntha that can only get you so far
dude because number one like personality
will obviously get carried away further
in the in twitch and everybody gets old
so their body is only gonna be merry
absolutely right absolutely only can get
you so long so far yeah and so the
people who do have the good personality
they keep the viewers and they grow and
they evolve their content whatever but
there are a lot of people that hover
around 200 to 500 that are just hot just
talking streamers Adam Roth has 3.5 K
views right now somebody says that's Amy
because she showed a thought light bush
the other week one dude yeah I don't
think she should have got banned for
that like unless it was a contrived
attempt to a [ __ ] her leg that way and
show off the lip I don't think that was
justified Oh destiny can I make an
announcement quick come on starting on
Sundays I'm gonna be doing a weekly
astrology stream where I uh
for only only $25 only $25 it's a
bargain
I'll give you your horoscope what we
need to do is we just need to find
another world we leave all the [ __ ]
backs here we just we just go stop
somewhere Nina easy clap on ironically I
[ __ ] hate it when people say like
dude we gotta be sending people to space
me why not stupidest [ __ ] [ __ ] in the
world like there's like no no the reason
why people still want to send people to
space is because they [ __ ] watch the
Martian so you know watch the market
okay okay you're gonna say wait hold on
wait wait wait there's a lot of dumb
[ __ ] that we just being said wait hold
on firstly the idea of running off of
our world to another world so that we
can skirt the issues that exist here is
dumbest [ __ ] some people that like oh
[ __ ] climate change we'll just look at
Mars that's dumb but making fun of
people for being inspired to get into
space because of movies or culture
that's literally how that works culture
inspires people to do things and that's
where a lot of those jobs come from of
course yeah that's all you could say man
space travel which is just what you
could say the resources why is it go
great because it's expensive putting
humans on unmanned spacecraft use
ends up costing far far far far far far
more and the actual returns of that are
very very slim how wait how can you say
the returns are super slim I thought
that there was a lot of robot basically
do anything yeah but but the but the the
medical advancements and the biological
like the biomedicine come from like
sending that's a false narrative so
you're Tommy none of that stuff related
to the moon stuff benefited like any
type of human I I never said that but
I'm saying that we actually have had to
throw out critical science experiments
from space exploration vessels because
instead we want to put humans on I mean
this an amazing yeah but there's
different types of experiment you can
run with humans there instead of robots
I mean like if your throat cut wait wait
and what does that even hold on that
wing which just makes us be able to
throw a critical experiment we my
critical like there was something like
riding on this like people's lives or
something here
I when I'm a said critical I meant like
the amount of science that we would have
gotten from those experiments probably
would have exceeded those of you
actually got from ok I'm gonna talk on
my ass here a little because I'm pretty
sure you're talking about your ass but
there's no [ __ ] way that vessel there
is no way that a vessel that had humans
in it could have just had robots like I
would almost bet my life that any vessel
designed to carry humans it's not
something that would just carry robots
that it would be designed like
completely differently like completely
from the ground that would be totally
different and are you saying that like
all the equipment and [ __ ] needed to
keep the humans alive is what takes them
no not even that but the whole design of
the spacecraft whether you want to have
a human going inside the whatever
there's a whole bunch of different
auxilary systems that probably would
exist for people that you wouldn't need
for robots like the entire design of the
craft I imagine we're probably different
the tolerance for the craft I do be
signaling different so just because you
can't just like oh we lost an experiment
because a human was on board like we
could've just had a robot instead like
[Music]
okay well I was gonna say instead of
concentrating on going into new world we
should probably try fix this current
world first before we start exploring
others really I don't know amen no one
gets excited about robot space
exploration but it's way more useful
scientifically it's not like surprising
that like in terms of like conducting
actual scientific observations of other
planets or even Mars robots might be
more useful but getting people excited
about a space program is probably more
important than the actual scientific
value that comes from the space program
right like you have to get people like
invest
these projects otherwise they won't get
funded and then nothing happens
government funds how much are the way a
great coin would mean to the government
funds to programs the government's in
funding for the programs comes from
people that are elected in Congress and
the only ways yeah people are not gonna
be specifically choosing to elect a
congressman because they've decided that
they're not gonna said no but it's like
an issue like this is a representative
democracy if nobody in your constituency
gives I die I'm very skeptical that it
deciding to send humans to space is
gonna like flip the tables on a certain
election versus not I mean like all of
our funding for like space race related
[ __ ] was really okay I completely
disagree of it like here we go our
humans necessary for space exploration
let's never do this attend astronomer
royal Martin yeah I'm not disagreeing
that you can use drones and ship to
conduct experiments more or less like
they would they would yield like greater
scientific observations of the planets
themselves right but like one I'm
there's probably I guess maybe there's
not but I would imagine there's got to
be some sort of like biological
advancements in like biomedical
analogies but I'm just like it's it's
like almost every major scientists that
I can think of is sort of against the
idea of man space travel and would
prefer to send robots up to do the same
job well duh so obviously there has been
consideration of this but it's it's the
public's attachment to this these
romantic ideas of space exploration of
manned space exploration that you know
drives people who want it like because
they watch amuck in Star Trek or Star
Wars I mean like you keep saying because
they watch [ __ ] Star Trek or Star
Wars and like some really dismissive way
but that's how people get interested in
science right you never take a
two-year-old and you throw them a [ __ ]
ton of like calc physics equations it
was like man I really want to do physics
now it's usually because you watch some
science fiction you watch some imaginary
or something hold on hold on but yes so
they'll get into the actual you know
they'll get it they'll start researching
engineering or physics or whatever but
you know they're not gonna suddenly stop
researching physics because they find
out we're not gonna send men to space
and it's vets and robots well but you
might get less interest in the field and
then that research does go away I don't
think so lately that the interest comes
from no but
like what so but okay I'm not saying
it's a bad thing that people get
interested in space cuz the star tracker
or star walking : I don't know if this
is a nod to something or not and I'm not
saying that it's something but like when
you you've said two times now you're
like people watch your [ __ ] TV show
is something they get interested and now
you're saying like oh well I'm saying
it's bad but the impression that you
give is that it's really bad that people
get interested in science via science
fiction do you understand that that's
the impression you're giving okay that's
but I mean all I've been saying is that
the desire to go into space is solely
driven by these type of romantic
interests and that in itself is not
necessarily a bad thing because that
lets it in space and science which is
amazing like we know this we know that
pop called a science fiction pop culture
has greatly benefited a scientifical
research within the you know it's just
no it's just it's part of just evolution
did that's part of how it is we explore
we learn new things it's all part of
just look if we didn't go if we didn't
get a space right okay listen listen if
we didn't if we don't if we didn't go to
space and we just spent all we just
didn't do any of space exploration and
stuff like that we honestly we might not
advance as a humans I'm not saying we
shouldn't have sent someone to the moon
I'm saying that right now are like it's
less but it's also helpful because the
technology that they'll use no it's not
actually technology I think that was
extremely beneficial but I'm talking
about right now what is the best way to
allocate our resources any [ __ ] ton of
rebuildable a month a public support
from all this is gonna come from the
fact that we have humans tied to the
space program and it's not the people in
Mission Control that are doing it it's
the astronauts sending video from the
[ __ ] Space Station that make people
want to actually get involved in space
and support it so you're not gonna get
the same public [ __ ] support when all
you're doing is like well here's the
video of the robot moving the [ __ ]
vial from this to that
okay I'd love to see some sort of source
on the fact that if it turns out we're
not gonna send like mankind of space in
the next twenty years that all the
sudden enrollment and you know physics
and astronomic s-- courses suddenly go
down
or starting classes suddenly goes I mean
what did our huge like interests come
from related like sending someone to the
moon though that was like the goal was
to send a person to the moon not a robot
right one small step for man one giant
leap for Rovers everywhere like it
doesn't really live the same way your
argument literally relies on the fact
that you think by the US government
government taking position that they're
not going to send mankind to space let's
say in the next twenty years and it's
dead set robots because it's a lot safer
to laugh more effective and that allows
us to do better science that all of a
sudden less people are going to try to
get jobs at NASA or something like that
something can I say something I
understand listen to this although brain
development is subject to a significant
individual variation most experts
suggests that brain development is fully
developed by age 25 that you're how old
that's what I [ __ ] thought buddy you
lost the debate [ __ ] you thought my
brain is bigger than yours to ever
question me again just add B's I yield
the floor
oh yeah destiny I love it when you get
triggered dude you agree because I'm
trying to change the conversation with
ramen you chime in with like some random
dumb [ __ ] meme it's but to turn on it
every living [ __ ] out of me I don't know
but that's if that's what it comes down
to I I'm just skeptical of that I don't
think that okay I mean like we can dig
up I guess like like I I ain't know like
what you're saying contradicts like
every single instinct I have based on
what I do know about how people are
inspired to get involved in the sciences
about how women are inspired to get
involved in things that when you see
like people that look like you that are
taking part in a either big cultural
events like movies or film or big
scientific events like getting awards or
recognition that this inspires people to
go into those fields this is how that I
know it's true but so I can totally
understand that and I'm saying that
that's extremely beneficial but like for
example I'm not
saying like we never send mankind to
space right
I play that right now it's a lot more
practical a lot more useful to send
robots sure to gather scientific data
about [ __ ] Mars but like right that's
exact thats all I'm saying because right
now there is a call to send humans to
space again that's the [ __ ] Elon
Musk's whole stupid [ __ ] sure but if
that's where if that's where the
interest is at and that's where the
funding is gonna come from is by that
interest and that's the path you have to
take but I just I know I generally don't
think that's true I don't think that
we're going to get less funding
necessarily because we say that we're
gonna send robots to Mars instead of of
humans okay
I just I don't think that follows okay I
mean I'm pretty sure like everything
related to like that US Space Gray [ __ ]
like you inspired a [ __ ] ton of people
to get involved in like physics is [ __ ]
but I mean I don't know I feel like
you're driving a [ __ ] robot on Mars
is pretty goddamn cool too
I don't know I think I think if the one
thing driving you to continue studying
in university is the fact we're gonna
send it dude to Mars in the next 20
years I don't know wait wait let them
finish that that was this is such a
stupid take oh my god i'm so triggered
right now I can't believe you because
you're acting like people are like these
are tamo tons like people are very much
human people are very much driven by
these base or desires like you don't in
like second grade read like some Conchie
and imperative and like this is your
driving force to do good in the world is
through some [ __ ] norm that you've
like inherited through some like super
rational way of viewing the world it's
because you watched a cool movie it's
because you had an inspirational teacher
growing up it's because you want to do
some cool [ __ ] growing up like it's not
just like I can't wait to hammer out all
of these [ __ ] math equations because
that's the way that like it's such a
naive view of people what come on let's
REM go ahead thanks Raj sorry I I get
what you're saying that like from a
young age those types and again I'm
saying that's good I'm not that the
media you know should stop creating
these these movies because that is the
hope one day is to send people to space
obviously and send people to Mars that's
awesome but I don't think that the
drives are going to be less if it's
announced that you know on the current
NASA plan we're not gonna be sending
humans to space or to Mars in the next
20 or so year you don't think that's
gonna demotivate or some people aren't
going to care as much getting oh not not
to this not leaks you don't think there
was like
duration of physicists but you don't
think there was like a years ago you
don't think that we're what's the last
time we sent someone to the moon destiny
that has nothing to do with the point of
the art yes but no no it does because
you're saying that all the sudden all
this enrollment is gonna draw up at
people yes because it we have yes and
we've had a huge lack of interest in
space that's exactly have and now that
we are putting people back into space
now that we've talked about hold on hold
on
now that we're talking about actually
putting people on Mars and [ __ ] we're
getting people interested in it out like
that huge drop-off see all those people
see when we stop sending people to the
moon people like [ __ ] that [ __ ] I don't
give a [ __ ] anymore look at this right
now that the announcement to go to Mars
was was after 2012 this literally just
proves my case my house like that
they say case no what do you think more
people would watch why would that be a
robot landing on Mars you think that'd
be some dude like we've said Rovers to
[ __ ] Mars already but this would be
like a historic like I'm pretty sure I
can't know this well I would bet my life
on this okay that like every single
person people across the planet probably
were awake watching TV waiting for those
astronauts to like radio back that they
were getting onto the moon that this was
like a generation defining moment that
any American at least that was alive and
in that time period and like and
actually humans stepping on to Mars
would be like the equivalent to that in
our lifetime like we would remember that
thing for the rest of our lives so let
me make like let me like a qualification
then which makes my but like for example
I could easily see because I'm just
saying in the next 20 years because
specifically the type of manned space
travel I'm talking about is Trump's you
know space force whatever that's really
well I the truck the space race thing is
it's like [ __ ] hate Trump is actually
a probably a good idea but that's not
what a lady wait we're real quick the
space race has nothing to do with I
don't or unless I'm wrong and I'm
talking about time frame okay okay Holy
Week cuz you just brought this up and I
don't think you're carries this quickly
alright wait no stop saying no you just
brought up
the spaceports okay okay deep freakout I
make a point okay what's your point wait
then why did you bring up the space for
us because can you let me finish so I
can explain why I brought the space
explain why I brought the space first I
brought it up because I can easily
imagine you know sending humans to space
you know within our lifetime right and I
can easily see people getting interested
in physics with the idea that we're
going to send people to space but also
that this interest isn't gonna suddenly
drop off because it means that we're not
going to necessarily do to the next 20
years but that we're going to do within
our lifetime right so I'm not saying
that we just suddenly throw any sort of
chance that we can send people into
space but I'm saying that we shouldn't
be saying that we're gonna send people
to space in the next twenty years so I'm
not saying never because obviously
within our lifetime
I would hope we'd be able to given the
scientific advancements that we've seen
but within the next twenty years do you
really think that it's a practical good
move overall to try to send someone to
Mars yeah for sure I think it gets
people super motivated super interested
I think that with the extra funding you
get you can you can fund your auxilary
programs where you're sending drones and
[ __ ] instead we already do that like
yeah I think one percent like getting
people excited with space programs would
be like an awesome thing to do
we don't need I don't even think I could
be wrong but I don't even think he can
says ma'am I don't even think we can
sell people this I don't think we can
even send people to space anymore that
you asked me I don't think we've been
able to for what like over a decade we
literally got to ship our people over
like [ __ ] China Russia and have them
carry him like we because what happen if
China came out how [ __ ] would that be if
like yeah what if trying to got somebody
on to [ __ ] Mars where the US did
wouldn't it be like amazing may have you
seen every electronic equipment blows up
that I got from China
there's no way they're gonna get a space
how you would get [ __ ] [ __ ] motivated
if [ __ ] China came out hey you know
what we're gonna be sending for a Mars 5
year Trump would be like the [ __ ] you
are we're going and doing the [ __ ] we're
America for serious that drives
innovation like a [ __ ] hey I get
I get your point destiny it's a
different way to look at it and so yeah
I like I I'm hesitant to disagree but
I'm much more sway to a point you're
no because your your coming out of from
a a sort of practical perspective
looking at the actual effect it's gonna
have upon the human populace well I was
looking at a more from like well what is
actually going to return the most like
like if for example we were to ignore
the public engagement with the projects
at hand the actual amount of scientific
data and the technological evolution
that we'd get from sending robots to
Mars instead of humans would be greater
if you're looking specifically at what
do we get that's value it depends on
what you're saying is valuable but I at
the same time people being involved with
it are gonna make people invest in the
industry right lending the point I can
admit so like less experiments yeah
that's gonna win do you think China's
gonna win the race I on we we have Elon
Musk yeah but I'll be honest dude like
if you go to like the fifth grade in
China there's about five Elon Musk's
there are smarter than him already made
sure China's gonna probably overtake the
United States dude like that's it I
gotta be honest dude that [ __ ] system
they get [ __ ] [ __ ] done over there
with minimal [ __ ] they can move
sleep yeah we know America moves slow
compared to China kind of can be like
hey we're building the world's biggest
bridge we're starting tomorrow they're
like all right dog let's [ __ ] do it
I peed all over all the people of their
miserable did that's not always true
well have you seen maybe they literally
are living in a slum there where where
the well everybody in China lives in
slum there's a lot of huge [ __ ]
cities in China median wages in that
[ __ ] country have grown tremendously
okay well you should you you say that I
would go to all the factories where
they're just working and they're like
sleeping on the conveyor belt belt so
that's only part of the job first of all
we got a lot of shitty jobs in America
and you guys in the UK are gonna be
having a lot of shitty jobs soon you
guys [ __ ] leave now I've already got
five head plan we're gonna legalize weed
and we'll it attacks it and then we're
gonna be rich and hope everybody smokes
weed and cheers man yeah wait have they
figured out a solution for the Ireland
[ __ ] yet or they're trying to Boris
Johnson's considered building a bridge
from the for [ __ ] English mainland to
[ __ ] Northern Ireland or something
if I Ellen leaves the UK right Scotland
leads to right like 100% I thought that
I thought it was more likely that
Scotland would leave the UK before
Ireland would did it's all gonna be
[ __ ] if Scotland leaves this could be
[ __ ] yeah everything's gonna be
oh it's gonna be so messy oh my god then
and then does that mean Scotland's an
independent country so I need like a
passport to go into Scotland yeah well
you're gonna need like your passport
[ __ ] is gonna change a little bit to
going to it from the EU I think as well
yeah it's gonna everything's gonna
change but I don't think Breck's it's
happening you know you guys even have
commercials now when I was riding around
in Bruges I heard on the radio sometimes
like hey like make sure you go to you
have like an official website now like
WWE like get ready for Briggs it to [ __ ]
you in the ass UK or whatever like a
radio shoot I think almost that websites
almost as bad as WWE Bobby Cobb I think
do you think that what I do think that
the UK is gonna leave you I don't know
man
I don't think anybody's like honestly I
still think people don't think it will
happen but it's just like because if we
have to go to a general election I I
think people are so dumb that they're
gonna like the Conservatives again and
then they'll be forced to do the same
[ __ ] thing and did I'm just gonna
move to [ __ ] it I just got to leave the
country about I'm just gonna go to a
different country if it [ __ ] up come to
America baby live it Norway Norway seems
to know what they're doing can't labor
just run on the romaine platform like
why can't we just find somebody who is
good enough so they can just dictate
place and we can all listen to one smart
guy you have to have like this
accelerating lefties want that goddamn
acceleration it's [ __ ] okay that's
wait hold on wait wait wait wait wait
firstly the the lefties that want to
leave the EU
those are like extreme lefties those
aren't like I thought the average labour
was a remainer like even Corbin flipped
back to remain like isn't labour a
romaine party well let's see labour
remained versus I'm pretty sure like
more most want to remain but it's
definitely still still torn there was a
[ __ ] poll on it Mike Corbin isn't
really romaine I thought that Corbin was
initially a lever
and he switched back to remain when he
saw that everything was like [ __ ] in
terms of like actually trying
he's a crypto brexit ear 37% of labour
originally voted to leave okay so it
sounds like most of them are it's like
considering the vote was split 52 48 so
that's pretty big right they wanted to
say 37% of your constituents don't want
to remain originally yeah that's way too
much
well that means on the Tory side I
must've been like [ __ ] 80% wanted to
leave right that's a he took a 40 point
difference that's massive what are the
rest like independence or some sugar No
so you kept 96% okay yeah why did 4% of
you get voters vote to remain because
there's always but like but like
obviously there's like a 20-year but
there's like a 20-point difference I saw
a great whether I disorder stand because
the whole booty you kept was to be an
Independence Party it's so four percent
still voted to remain wait I got a
question I got a question a serious
question how come like mostly like every
country has like health care and stuff
or like in England if I get [ __ ] up I
go to the NHS and it's paid for me right
I paid taxes they they pay for the
health care why why is that such a huge
problem in America like why do they do
that and why do they charge people for
education well Americans have like a
more unique relationship for their
government because the way the country
was born because we have our
Constitution was set up like are we
Americans have a fundamental distrust of
government the government should do as
little or close to nothing and Americans
enjoy hate because that's because that's
how Americans feel like the birth of our
country was getting [ __ ] by another
government we wanted to make sure that
the government was never powerful enough
to do anything like that again
taxes too [ __ ] much okay well no no
it wasn't about being text too much
about being taxed about having a say in
like how the government is ran right
yeah representation CEO telling me
that's a better system than what I never
said it was a better system I never said
that I was always I think like would you
rather have like something like the NHS
like what we have yeah of course any any
universal health care system in the US
single-payer or multi parameter who did
you have to vote for that to happen if
everybody agrees
any any Democrat right now is gonna push
some form of universal health care but
and anybody on the right just what's
more like a more economy right to make
them well most people on the right are
still like super anti-government so like
nobody tax breaks my god did so what
about like the cot like like I honestly
think is the most [ __ ] system ever
where basically basically order order no
way you well I think it's a bit [ __ ]
system where you actually go great where
you get hang on a second
well it's the most stupid question is
this [ __ ] shut up a second man I got
a problem to speak as it is without you
interrupting me man shut the [ __ ] up man
okay so you send your kids to college
right and you charge them and normally
I'll be honest like when I went to
school is pretty much [ __ ] useless
most of the subjects pretty much rigged
but when they go out into the real world
they're already in debt without a job so
what what how does how do they think
that's smart
I don't understand that what the [ __ ] is
your question that's my question why is
that a system why'd you have to pay to
go to like college you have to pay to go
to college in the UK no you get college
for free mate no you don't you're
talking about college not uni or
whatever right sorry yeah University
yeah yeah wait are you talking about
University University you can actually
get free universities in the pay can you
do that in American University in the UK
you pay for it I'm pretty sure you can
get free ones too maybe in Scotland but
in the rest of UK you have to pay for
uni in the UK okay college is free for
you guys then as well yeah yes yeah okay
okay it's not that bad okay so
University but the problem is in the
United States like you can't do anything
with college you have to go to uni in
the United States in order to actually
boost your earnings okay [ __ ] holy
[ __ ] College in the United Kingdom is
like [ __ ] high school for America so
he's asking of our high school is free
high school is free for the United
States is paid for by our [ __ ]
property taxes getting out yes
uni is they call Union universities the
equivalent to our College
alright yeah yeah that's pretty cool so
so I honestly what would you if you if
somebody was to say they're gonna make
us tea free but raises taxes would that
be a good idea or bad idea it would
probably say like no it would be a bad
idea but really complicated reasons hey
I don't recall us hey I want to talk to
you about something real quick like no
no no the word is part of your
vernacular I know that you're used to
saying it but like it does cause some
problems and they might say because of
problems I don't mean it that way and
then you say well they're actually
studies that have shown that there are
people who are these artistic or they
are actually mentally deficient
and that they see that as an insult and
it hurts them and then they might say
[ __ ] you you [ __ ] and they might call
you the f-word that's a slur for the
homosexual and then it's problematic and
you're not gonna work and then you can
get really pissed and get angry with
them but otherwise F where there's a
slur professional we can I mean very if
somebody is if somebody is what so is
which is is the word [ __ ] actually
used medically so if somebody somebody
is somebody is retired so would you say
that the word if because if you would
support everybody [ __ ] right the if
somebody was actually [ __ ] right
they wouldn't get offended because they
wouldn't even know so they can't even
stick up for themselves I had to call
someone stupid if they are why not
that's something you guys change [ __ ]
with me it's like you like why is it not
okay to or why is it okay to call
someone stupid if they're actually dumb
they can't change that okay the reason
is because we have identified different
levels of autonomy within people right
so for instance we so I believe in a
fully determined universe okay however
there's a difference between a guy is
falling off a building and like manages
land on somebody versus a guy chooses to
engage in like a hurtful or harmful
behavior right now even though both of
these might be fully determined or
somewhat unchoose abaut and like a
physic sense like in in terms of like
how we evaluate people's actions we
would say that one person has more
control than the other person over the
outcome of the events right so when it
comes to being dumb we would say like
well you can exercise some control over
the level of intelligence you have given
a certain age you know past the agent we
say 18 is the age of majority we would
expect you to take some control over how
dumb you are now if you're born with an
actual like physical disability that
precludes you from doing that then we
would say that okay well you probably
don't have as many opportunities to you
don't have the autonomy to not be like
half Down syndrome or something versus
somebody that's just dumb right there
are different levels of autonomy
functioning here it's okay to criticize
somebody with a high level of autonomy
that's making bad decisions it's not
generally okay to criticize somebody for
an intrinsic condition that inhibits
their ability to display the autonomy
necessary to make wise decisions that
was a lot of words that make sense well
sure but lost what he said autonomy at
the style it sounds like is because they
can have some effect on it so because
they have some level of autonomy because
they have some choices it's okay to call
someone who might be stupid stupid
because because they even though they
can't change it is that correct
because they can try to change it yes
sure yeah so why why would that not be
okay for doing that for someone who
might be like gay or something like that
they could also try to do it well
because it's right now it doesn't seem
like the research points to the idea you
can choose your sexuality so like
somebody that some people search that
you can raise your IQ there is we're not
talking about IQ we're not talk septa by
society we're not talking about IQ we're
just talking about like making like like
I don't think you need high IQ for
instance to not be hateful or harmful
towards other people right right sure
but yeah that's true but like what do
you call someone stupid just for
disagreeing with you like if someone's
are conservative and they make a point
that you think is really bad you might
say oh my god this person is sure when
you call somebody stupid you're tying
that into the idea behind calling
somebody is stupid the idea that it's
understood in societies you have made a
choice that you
have otherwise made that's that's how we
understand that word in a in a more
specific sense even if we're not aware
of it typically when we call somebody
stupid we said oh he acted in such a
stupid manner right if somebody says
that all of these ideas that are
swimming around subconsciously Oh
somebody made a decision they could have
made a decision otherwise if you were to
say something like yesterday
Shannon's kid you know fell off a roof
and it was like really tragic he has
Down syndrome you're not thinking like
oh wow that kid was stupid you're
thinking like oh wow something happened
that his ability to like control is like
compromised because of some condition he
has that he didn't choose right yeah but
when someone says like so-and-so's
[ __ ] like I get what they mean like
there and when the image that I picture
is not someone acting mental that
mentally handicapped it's fine you don't
think that way but like the way that
that word functions right to be [ __ ]
is usually to be developmentally delayed
there are still like a lot of these
types of jokes in society riding the
short bus
you know like are you mentally disabled
are you [ __ ] right and these people
do face problems still in society today
related to mental disabilities when you
call somebody [ __ ] you're
essentially making a comparison to
somebody with a developmental delay and
you're saying that is bad and like
people that have these types of delays
it's kind of like baked into who you are
it's really hard to take somebody with
Down syndrome and separate them from the
Down syndrome like these become like
kind of like interwoven with one another
same thing with people with autism right
about is like maybe you're autistic [ __ ]
and you're like okay well should you
like this guy has autism he feels no
[ __ ] oh well I mean like just separate
the autism from your personality
no like these things kind of become like
inter woven with one another it's not
like something like or like cancer right
cancer doesn't become interwoven with
your personality the same way that like
like a developmental delay or something
like so usually we use [ __ ] as a way
to like make fun of somebody you're
targeting kind of like a group of people
that really don't have a say in it who
are kind of like who kind of like come
under the fire there when you use those
types of words there's having sense
in general do you think it's okay to
make fun of people for being fat if they
don't have a medical reason for it also
what's your view on like making fun of
people because they would be I would
argue in terms of autonomy I think that
you have yeah I think you can make a
greater a stronger argument by making
stupid everybody that's stupid what you
just said by the way okay I think
everybody everybody who's fast
what yeah but yo GI I just had to say
what you said it's stupid well so what
then is getting at is like everybody
that's fat doesn't necessarily just like
choose to be fat right like all of our
choices nobody chooses to be fat they
all have proper like mental problems so
like yeah so like I think you can make
an argument that like there's a greater
level of autonomy associated with being
fat than with like being developmentally
delayed I'm in terms of being ugly I
personally I think that's a really big
step to say that you shouldn't make fun
of people for their looks anymore
I personally don't do it anymore and
I've told my community not to but I mean
like you're taking a lot off the table
in terms of making fun of people when
you do that so I mean like that's a
pretty big step for all of you learning
but yeah I don't think you should I
think it's bad to attack people like
just on like physical characteristics if
they don't have any control over I mean
it's it's a very simple sort of calculus
that you need to do in your head right
you look at the amount of harm that it's
gonna actually cause people who are
disabled which is a pretty large you
know it's a significant portion of the
population and then the amount of harm
it actually takes you to just not use
that word or use a word that is not
associated with disabled people and
makes disabled people feel like [ __ ]
it's not as super like I'm not asking
you to completely change your like any
significant aspect of your life but to
avoid using a specific word and I'm
accidentally use it that's what you do
you think it's okay for you to call me
micro dick when have I ever called you
that I'm sure you have at one point I
never heard there may there's may be
people out there with tiny dick are we
justifying names well no I'm just saying
hey there's people out there who may
laugh a lot laugh along but like they
actually have a tiny dick and like
you're shaming them for that oh I don't
think that's good either micro Danny no
Japan okay
well that's a ablest comment M yeah I
should expect noise Wow because people
with tiny dicks can't [ __ ] control it
can they I'm expecting nothing marketed
at a [ __ ] minorities No
you have to look at historical you have
to look at the historical oppression of
certain types of groups people with
small penises have not been historically
discriminated against for the last for
whatever since literally the dawn of
civilization yeah exactly because we're
dying out we're the most oppressed not I
mean we as issued by everything I'm
defending the micro's here not me then
why were you saying it hurts so much
when I put it in holy Jesus Christ he
was trying to be complimentary Dan okay
so for the record my position from REM
is a bit different here some people like
to point to like who's impressed now bla
bla bla bla bla I just think that if you
insult someone your goal now like
obviously like we can move a lot of like
insults off the table and even I haven't
felt like replacing for most of this but
like typically the way that i phrase
this is when i target somebody for an
insult i try to make it so that like
you're the particular thing that I'm
insulting you for is like specific to
why I think you're bad so like if I
think so for instance if you're a Nazi
right I think if somebody else here is
it and they're Nazi and they take
offense to it or like a white
supremacist or white nationalist or
whatever then like okay I'm cool with
like everybody hearing that like feeling
like [ __ ] for it like that's fine but
like I wouldn't call somebody like the
n-word or somebody like you probably
having fun people being fat or short
because now every single person is
either black or federal short that's
listening well now they've like come
under and take to it I don't think
there's I don't think I should try I
think you should avoid that you should
minimize that harm I don't really care
so much like who's being oppressed now
or who has problems in society now like
I just think it would be good to
minimize the impact that's like just
okay of like your hateful words so that
you don't like get like collateral
damage I guess but i but the clap that's
but that's literally saying the same
thing that I'm talking about I bring up
collateral damage so the reason why I
don't like the point to like current
oppression or anything there is because
I feel like you get into some weird
metrics like it sets you up for a weird
argument where some guy like said okay
well I don't think gay people are
oppressed right now like violence is at
an all-time low it's not as bad in the
US as it is no Saudi Arabia we have gay
actors and [ __ ] now we got a gay guy
running for the Democratic primary
nomination so I think we should be able
to say the f-word now it just it opens
up like a weird argument that I like I
would rather just stick with the
collateral defense
try to say like well currently who's
being oppressed the discussion usually
for me when I talked to two people the
discussion usually will stall when
people don't believe that that word has
a negative impact upon people with
mental disabilities when there's
empirical studies the biggest one is
called like sticky stigma you can I
don't know if I can actually you might
have to have access with and you know
I'm sure it's on like sly hub or
whatever it's called stick stones in
stigma he does Destinee your chat is
overlapping man it's given me a headache
so when I was in a whether I was in
college I used to cite some sources from
different journals that I didn't have
subscriptions to I would just [ __ ]
it and then I'd assumed that my teacher
didn't have the subscription to it and
yeah I'm just saying does that actually
affect you when people say that that's
I'm offended for the other I care about
I don't care I'm talking about you do
you honestly why do you care about the
people I'm just talking to Dan right now
do you actually get offended when people
say that I'm offended for the oppressed
men out there I'm also I think it's
better to try to like rationalize this
position and ask people who are offended
because there's a whole lot of [ __ ]
stupid LGBT people that have really dumb
[ __ ] takes on slurry so I think it's
better to like rationally arrive at a
point and try to ask like some like
member of that community because I
always stuck saying like the f-word for
so long because like all of my gay
friends growing up not only said it but
they like encouraged their straight
friends and [ __ ] to say it to someone
else it's not about being a Fed own give
a [ __ ] yeah you can be offended for
someone else but like all they do it
American wait what do you mean how
that's like the entire if you're outside
and I walk around and I like kick a kid
in the face you're not gonna like feel
some level of empathy for that person
this is one of those natural being
offended okay well tell me how it's
different for them it's quite simple
really
okay it's quite effective
go ahead I really wanted yeah I really
wanna ffensive means causing someone to
feel deeply hurt upset or angry right
yep so therefore this is my first debate
by the way so we're going to go a little
slow if the word offensive is an
adjective for causing someone to feel
deeply hurt
how can you feel someone else causing
someone so if we're gonna play the
dictionary game we can all read [ __ ]
Google ma'am okay so we can just plug
these two words in empathy is the
ability empathy is the ability to
understand and share the feelings of
another so if I hurt another person and
it causes you to become deeply hurt
upset or angry now you found a way where
I can offend you by hurting another
person because he is not a synonym for
offensive note that wasn't my question
it's not a synonym for offensive but it
leads to you being offended your
definitions yeah that's my whole point
you asked earlier you said how can you
be offended on behalf of somebody else
and what I said was it if you have basic
human empathy so if I hurt another
person and we define empathy is the
ability to understand and share the
feelings of another if I caused pain to
another person and you empathize with
that person you will become offended
because it's possible you can become
deeply hurt upset or angry as a result
of you empathizing with a person that
you have hurt would you say empathy of
being offended the same no well you from
the Latin word empathy what did you say
that if you were being if you have
empathy you're being offended then you
said that didn't you what my ears I have
ears and I heard you saying so think
about okay let's say that being offended
is like being mad because somebody was
like mean right now empathy allows us to
get mad on behalf of others do you
understand that yeah so I attack
somebody else another person in the area
might get mad on that person's behalf so
for instance when we abused animals like
we see Cecil the lion get killed or that
one [ __ ] gorilla get killed or
whatever people get mad on
half of the animal that's them getting
offended on someone else's behalf by way
of being empathetic I have a question
what mr. big words if someone gets
offended do you think they're putting
themselves in a position where they are
ompletely entitled to an apology of some
sort of compensation by the offending
party I think that's that's like a
[ __ ] question where you type do that
yeah I'm on reddit slash no stupid
questions and anyone going back to the
whole [ __ ] thing I should be on the
you should be on reddit we'd like to
remind you to review your Social
Security Statement online what the [ __ ]
do we you said it's possible to like max
out your social security like earlier
and you don't to pay into it anymore
yes wait Dan yeah the amount of money
that I pay for self-employment tax that
goes towards my [ __ ] Social Security
right well cuz it's showing my my last
reported earnings which are my w2
earnings that I pay myself but I pay a
[ __ ] ton more than that to Social
Security yeah okay so the other [ __ ] on
there from past year I don't know hold
on what are you supposed to get paid out
for Social Security right now Security
pay full benefits have you taken it the
max age and 29 what Oh 470 oh this is at
67 is two thousand eight hundred and
sixty one dollars
oh that's at 66 I'm up to two thousand
one hundred thirty-nine a month from my
Social Security awake Hassan's on what
do you at how much have you built
yourself up to it's completely done I
mean there's a max how can I check on my
maxes oh my go into the actually don't
pull it up but go on the page you know
shut up sorry I don't know I think
that's a reasonable at the top of the
page do you see like a paragraph showing
like
if there should be something that like
very explicitly says that like you have
to earn X much more paid X much more to
get your the full benefits like you've
reached the full amount something along
those lines no I can see that at all
like Jeff Bezos
is not getting more he's not making a
million dollars month Social Security
nope I don't see that at all so like I
see like so we've got estimated benefits
earning record and displacement maybe
earning record so what does it say that
you would make if you filed at seven B
if I file at seventy I'll get two
thousand six hundred dollars a month
what's yours up to I'm sure it's the
[ __ ] max what the [ __ ] is the max the
max would be thirty seven seventy if you
file at seventy you do try to ethnically
cleanse Yugoslavia from Germans and
Hungarians I'm not sure about that it's
not about if you prepay Social Security
they just take the money and I think
after you pay a certain amount you're
just [ __ ] yeah but I'm just carries
with that amount is like do I really not
have to pay social so that sounds
amazing
oh no no you have to keep paying what
that's how it works man it's why it's a
social program like you got me all
excited and hype for this this is just
me getting [ __ ] that I don't want to go
read this [ __ ] I don't care about that
[ __ ] I know it's like it's cool to
know if you like stopped working today
that you get the max benefit oh yeah you
got to keep paying dawg you don't get
the stuff and it's just like hey maybe
the finish line keep going so many Chad
said does REM know Yugoslavia is mainly
white so I'm guessing you're an American
so it's not Americans yeah sure but real
quick so Americans like see people is
like white or black or Hispanic but in
Europe they see ethnicities a lot more
than we do because we're not used to
like calling it out so like in Europe
like a Russian or like a German or like
a Frenchman or whatever like can tell
like this like oh that guy is Russian or
German or British or whatever whereas we
just call them all white like there are
different ethnic groups that aren't just
called white in Europe we that's an
American thing that we do that ya know
if people saw Muslim Bosnians or Bosnia
they would not I don't think they would
call them white and since that like like
if you put a Slovene and a Bosniak next
to each other or something
Kosovo they are not you know they're not
gonna say oh those are two white people
that is not the person but again it's
it's it was more nationalistic than it
was based on based on skin color wait we
can't really that's a meme every
European I've talked to and I haven't
talked to a lot this is like a handful
but seems to point out like Russians and
Germans and like Spaniards and Polish
people like very easily whereas I I
can't really like if you show me like if
you show me a Russian that looks like
[ __ ] like a drug is a Drago from like
Rocky I can say like oh that guy looks
like a Russian but otherwise I can't
generally can't tell anyone
that guy's Russian or German or British
I can't really I can I can I can't
really well cuz i okay we started the
genetic engineering at the end we
succeeded in digitizing of itself there
are things not covered by genetic
information human memories of India's
culture history genes don't contain any
record of human history information
diversity of nature we've always kept
records of our lives
