I have with me in studio okay Destiny
right 40 minutes uh how did you oh wait
this is real life yeah kind of I made it
when I was like nine you call yourself
Destiny well in real life I call myself
Steven but online I go by Destiny oh so
your real name is Steven yeah but online
might just have a feminine yeah that's a
girl name
[Music]
uh I don't think those people see it
that way online oh do they see Destiny
as a male name I guess so yeah amazing
a gamer a YouTube personality who also
cover politics and philosophy his
website is destiny.gg
I appreciate you coming in I appreciate
you having me uh Happy New Year happy
New Year and so are you conservative of
liberal uh probably very liberal
probably very liberal compared to yeah
compared to what oh boy okay how old are
you ah 30 years old really and how long
have you been a liberal uh okay probably
five to six years maybe and you were a
conservative prior to becoming a liberal
very much okay and what made you become
a liberal I got a little older a little
smarter oh you grew out of it yeah and
you were tired of being a man
but you so you woke up one day you know
what I'm tired of being a man I want to
be a liberal I think there are plenty of
men that are liberals not really man you
really think so men who are liberalize
us what do you mean what is a man to you
oh okay like is this this has got to be
like [ __ ] right
this has to be [ __ ] there's no way
that somebody's doing this and acting
like this legitimately
there's no [ __ ] way
no there's no way there's no way that
somebody would do this like I'm sorry
guys it's just ridiculous no he's
actually really dumb like man I I can't
believe it
like no let me see like all right let me
look at his his YouTube channel
okay don't worry I just randomly clicked
something sorry sort by what's his
oldest video
nine years ago
stop Obama's social no this is
his commitment to everybody and their
mama and I appreciate it folks thank you
for being here we are uniting the races
with true
is what
what it's real
okay wait a minute that's a good
question I wanted to ask you first
though uh let me ask are you Cuban uh
half yeah half Cuban and a half what uh
European stuff I don't know so Europe
okay your mother would keep me on my
father uh mom was skipping oh and your
dad is you don't know what do you want
some European
get to know your father yeah I just
don't know the background of my channel
care that much you don't care that much
about your father about my heritage
why I don't know I got reported by a lot
of people and what did they say about
you uh
reported you to make them bang you I
have no idea I got reported for all
sorts of stuff what were you saying
um I've just whatever things liberals
say I'm not sure oh and so are you okay
with being a liberal do you feel like a
man as a liberal Cub most men what real
men are conservative what do you mean
when you say real man what is the man in
your opinion I'm curious what a man is
to you I'll tell you that in a minute
but tell me I said you're my guests
first as a man um I don't know I mean
people that have values of this honor or
Integrity or chivalry people
yo what is it but you're not sure what a
man is
and what are you asking like in a
scientific sense or just period what is
a man I think I already give an answer
what do you think yeah so you don't
really know what a man is did you grow
up close to your mother well he just
answered
um I grew up equally close to both
parents
to your mother or your father it was
about 50 50 on both so you were 50 Daddy
and 50 Mama exactly right down the
middle
there's no way this is real
there's no way like I mean this is this
is insane
this is absolutely [ __ ] insane is
this
but I mean it's like three minutes into
the interview
and
he's not even like it gets worse no it
doesn't there's no way it can get worse
than this you're 50 daddy 50 mama
who the [ __ ] watches this
like I I don't get it
so you half man half woman I don't think
that's how male or female Works how does
it works not like that I mean guys guys
this is kind of [ __ ] and this guy's
baiting this can this is not real life
it depends on it
there's no way a man [ __ ] uh a man
is a a male who turned to man he grew
out a male who became a man and he is uh
a man that loved God with all this heart
so
how many views does this have oh my God
someone might along with nothing else
what
um treat all people to sing because he
has no anger
he'd love us right
um he lead people
in the right way to go okay that's nice
uh president Trump I don't care you
would agree is a perfect example
of what a man is a man even loves his
baby because he has no anger for it oh
no would you agree that President Trump
is a real man
I'm not sure to me by men um I heard you
describe a bunch of things that have
nothing to do with men he has an
obligation of being right obligation and
you think men and women can be correct
or incorrect about things I don't think
any of those things duty is to to be
right what I mean
that's his duty would you agree that I
mean it was his duties
do you agree that the Great White Hope
is a real man
president Trump
because he's doing a pretty bad job
what is this okay as we speak right now
whose phone is that it's his fault he's
the leader no it's a Democrat spot they
don't want to give you the money to give
him the money for me they don't want to
give uh turn it up a little bit or
something you know
yeah that's okay
um
don't want to give the president the
money to put the wall like I mean I
could either give it here or I could
agree with Trump okay hold on
I I have to know moving forward because
I don't know anything about this guy on
the left I've never seen this in my life
is he trolling
not trying to be mean that's not trying
to insulting is he trolling or is he
serious just so I know for the rest of
the movie or video
no okay he's not trolling all right
government shutdowns happen under Obama
Trump said that it was the fault of the
sitting president if a shutdown happened
so do you think Trump was wrong when he
said that I don't remember him what
wait what was the kind of argument here
Obama Trump said that it was the fault
of the sitting president if a shutdown
happened so do you think Trump was wrong
when he said that I don't remember him
saying that but can we bring it back I'm
sure did did he just discredit the
argument by saying that he he don't
remember he doesn't remember
you agree that yeah
there it is the president is shut down
the borders because they refused to put
the country first isn't it true that
they should protect the country before
they protect illegal aliens do you think
the CEO of a company would blame his
Board of Directors for not being able to
get something done is it true that they
should protect hey answer him what the
[ __ ] is wrong with this video
company would blame his Board of
Directors for not being able to get
something done is it true that they
should protect the country before
protecting illegal aliens first don't
you think if you're the leader of the
country you're not answering that
question well I'm just curious
okay he answers he has a question this
answers the guy answer asks the question
this answers the guy says answer the
question
what the [ __ ] is wrong with this guy
you should probably put the country
first we said probably you're not sure
well I don't know what you mean by
country or illegal aliens or what do you
mean by put it first should America be
put first become first before illegal
aliens who are trying to break into our
country what about the illegal aliens
that are here right now are they part of
America should they put America before
they put illegal aliens but put it where
first oh yeah sure uh you you do agree
are you four illegal aliens breaking the
law just coming into our country uh not
generally no you're not for that no I
don't say not generally are you saying
somewhat for it I mean it depends on the
type of illegal immigrant I guess oh
there are certain types that you were
let in yeah I guess maybe you should I
would type uh High School laborer might
come here and overstay a Visa I don't
think that's necessarily a harmful
immigrant we talked about the ones who
are breaking the law coming across the
border that was that was dude that seems
so smart that holy [ __ ]
who are breaking the law coming across
the borders somebody that overstays
their visas that's where most illegal
immigrants come from how about the ones
who are breaking the law they're not
coming with
businesses
this guy's got to be like drunk or
something right
he has to be [ __ ] drunk
I mean he's just no okay
lost to come here
if you overstay your Visa that's a form
of breaking the law how about if you
come across the border illegally how
about it are you for them doing that I
know you should probably try to find a
way to get here legally yeah okay
um what does that have to do the
government shutdown
um are you aware that the Democrats are
winning guys what the I can't do this
why is this thing not losing his [ __ ] I
don't understand that I just walked this
[ __ ] punch him
this guy's it's [ __ ] triggering he
did it he asked questions doesn't
doesn't listen to the answer ask another
one doesn't listen they just say this
say blame facts whenever he hears an
what's happening to give other countries
Americans
oh wow you're not aware of that in what
ways do we give them money many ways are
you you're not aware are you say you're
not aware I just want to understand that
he says many ways just curious in what
ways you think we do is it fair to give
the guys the guys says a fact that is
could probably be wrong and as he says
how so
money what way for how you're not aware
of that in what ways do we give them
money many ways are you you're not aware
are you saying you're not aware I just
want to understand that oh I'm just
curious in what ways you think we do is
it fair to give other country money and
then he skips stopping but not give
money to put up a wall around your
country I don't know is it fair to give
tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans and
spend a lot of money on our military but
not fund the wall I mean true could have
done it with any any number of funding
bills I mean amazing
foreign
[Laughter]
parts of the government because the
Democrats refused to give him money true
put the wall up but they are willing to
support abortion are you for abortion
why wasn't the president able to
negotiate with the Democrats because the
Democrats are evil they are suffered
they want there it is that's why they
want the illegal aliens in here and they
think they're just because they're
running in Congress right now that they
have the power they don't oh yeah but
they won't run in Congress the
Republicans oh you they are now are you
for so why didn't the Republicans get it
funded
wait I thought you said conservatives
were Alpha men they're not conservative
oh president Trump is a conservative is
he the only one
no uh Steve King oh the white
supremacists
he's a conservative why do you call him
a white supremacist Because he believes
that white people are superior to other
people yeah that's what he said yeah he
didn't say that yeah he did no he did
more or less he said it before are you a
nationalist uh no not really you're not
why not um I don't really care much
about I guess countries it's not my
interest you don't care that much about
America
um I care about the people in America
but do you care about America as a
concept not more than the people inside
of it do you care about the country
America not more than the people inside
of it no amazing and so yeah
going up right no not really are you for
the wall going up in Israel Israel are
you for that
um I mean that's Israel's business I
don't really pass judgment on what other
people do are you for that I don't I'm
not indifferent to it I don't know
I'm putting a wall up around this
country they want to it's their country
they can do whatever they want why can't
we do that here we could if we wanted to
I don't want to I'm not Israeli I'm
American I'm for Israel putting the wall
up I think they did the right thing we
should do it here as well I read that
okay uh do I want to ask what do you
think about the attack on Free Speech
by social media what do you think about
that
um what attack on free speech by social
media they uh you said that they blocked
you right do you think that was fair I
mean it's their First Amendment right to
do so was it right to block you for free
speech I mean it's their freedom of
speech to do so you thought it was okay
to do that yeah well it's a platform
yeah I mean it's they're protected by
the First Amendment are you against the
First Amendment you are correct in that
obviously own the media I mean they own
social media the aspect of it they can
do what they want it's their business in
America they can do what they want well
yeah but are you okay with it I mean
personally I would like to not be banned
but I mean from a legislative or legal
standpoint that's their right to do so
what made their value you are you are a
liberal
okay all right this is so I I hear this
all the time right is people don't
understand that you have the uh the
First Amendment and then like the ideal
I I this isn't this is crazy
it's almost like they banned people
regardless of political relations
are too conservative what made them do
it to you
I'm not entirely sure they never told me
I wanted to ask uh illegals that are
coming here they land in in the uh they
end up in the black communities first
uh around the country and so they are
really bad for the country and really
bad for black people first and foremost
because they take jobs away from blacks
they bring their drugs and crime
internet and blacks are already
suffering from crime not unemployment at
like 3.8 right now are they really let
me finish this not all but most
um they um
the illegal aliens uh take over health
care because they're having babies and
stuff and black women can't get into
these hospitals and things like that
um what employment the employers are the
illegal aliens but they labor over the
blacks because it's cheaper than illegal
aliens uh and illegales does it bother
you that blacks are affected first and
foremost by illegal aliens coming in I
don't understand how Trump can say that
black unemployment is the lowest it ever
has been but somehow all these illegals
are stealing jobs from black people who
I don't know who I'm supposed to believe
does it bother you that the blast it
doesn't answer the question dude this
makes me upset he does not answer and he
just moves on the next topic I'm being
offensive first and foremost here we go
I don't understand the question yeah
I don't understand it bother you that
these illegal aliens are bringing in
crime they're running black their own
communities they're taking jobs from
them the public schools are overcrowded
illegal healing so the black Citizen
children are suffering from it you know
fights almost every day Health Care has
been affected by the illegal aliens and
conservative black people
does that bother you that the blasts are
being effective in a negative way first
and foremost well the legals are running
blacks out of their communities and the
communities or ghettos isn't that a good
thing are they running them out to like
middle class housing or were they going
out there
I mean the question doesn't make sense
it doesn't make sense it meaning that it
doesn't bother you that blasts are being
affected first and foremost
affected by all sorts of issues
are you saying that it's okay that Blass
or being affectionate in a negative way
by illegal aliens we really care about
how blacks are being affected I don't
think we'll be talking about illegal
immigrants impact on health care I'm
asking you
a white liberal do you does it bother
you okay that blasts or affected first
and foreign
because it's loaded with something that
is false is that am I right
he's asking a question which falls back
into it so you can't even answer it's
impossible it says literally false
things in it well actually only people
affected by illegally I didn't ask you
about others
like if I said chat chat why are bananas
red Nathaniel Friedman is a liberal that
called for Covington Trump supporting
students to guys it triggers me excuse
me guys why are bananas red I can't
believe it did I can't believe the red
and I want to know why how can you
answer that question it's impossible
because bananas are are either either
green or yellow I don't think it happens
that much he's just trying to get him to
stage that he doesn't care about black
people like that that's the whole thing
he's trying to do like everybody sees it
it's [ __ ] obvious okay yeah I mean
let's be real this is he is like another
one of the the Kanye West he's waiting
for him just to say I don't care you
know that's what it is if it happened I
would be yeah amazing it is happening
are you bothering if it really was then
yeah I would be but I don't think it is
and why would you be bothered by it I'm
bothered by anything
why are you bothered by that I don't
care what is this guy doing there are
other Americans that are being bothered
by things
what do you think about white people
who are under attack
they're called racists if they speak up
or disagree with blasts and others they
uh their jobs are being taken away from
them uh black people are attacking them
Rob not all but most raping and
murdering and uh uh uh attacking them
uh what do you think about that and what
do you think about that representative
who told the truth all he did was
totally true and now he's under attack
because he's white what do you think
about that there it is I think he's
under attack probably because he's very
racist
under attack in the United States I
think white people are doing just fine
do you think that you're white right
well you're cute I mean I look pretty
white yeah you look white but you're a
cute little half Cuban half white okay
if you spoke out I guess black people
away from you I made you lose your job
would you be okay with that
I mean it would depend on what I said to
get attacked yeah it wouldn't be because
he's wise because what he said I guess
if you spoke the truth and you were
attacked job taken away from you and
other things happen and they call you a
racist as a white man half Cuban would
you be okay with that give me an example
of something I could say would you be
okay with that is the question well
could you give me an example of what I
would say okay are you here to answer
questions or what I mean this is a
pretty loaded question I'm just curious
what could I say that what do you mean
by loaded you're assuming a lot in the
question no it was just a question well
yeah you're assuming that I would say
something guys you guys I I changed this
anymore this this this whole thing is
kind of like rigged like this this guy
is just trolling this this is not real
is it
something that I mean like if I said I
hated all black people or something then
yeah I would expect people to attack me
do you hate all black people no I don't
you hate some black people
probably do you hate some black people
yeah
see he's just he's going for it man and
it's like it's so funny whenever you're
watching it happen because he's just
obviously baiting for a second well do
you hate black people he's like no do
you hate some black people he's like
well maybe he's like okay so you do hate
some black people then right and just
like I love this man it's so [ __ ]
funny this is amazing
he's going out with fryment it's not
even that like
this is insane
yeah I imagine so yeah if I think about
it why do you hate them I don't know
because of personal issues I have with
them what type of person it would depend
on the person I don't know I I don't
want to call out specific people I don't
like no do you love black people
not like I don't love any group of
people because I don't love white people
they're black there are people that I
like and they're people that I don't
watch so he's gonna say uh so I guess
you don't love black people well let me
see if I'm right like do you love black
people
I don't understand this I don't love
like groups of people that look a
certain way no do you love black people
I don't love groups of people that look
a certain way I don't feel about black
people do you love black people
do you love black people I love black
people wow amazing
um
between being able to like people
individually versus liking groups of
people because of a reason
I'll repeat that if I were to ask you do
you like Gamers what would you say I
love all people all people yeah okay
there it is totally love all people all
right uh okay so there is the reason why
Destiny is acting this way uh he knows
this is the Trap
uh I don't remember what's the name of
the Trap but you told me about this
right it's like a triple do right it's
like the I don't remember what I don't
know what it's called there it is
if you criticize that for the lack of
moral character
uh would you criticize black people for
the most not all no liberals or betas
but I love everything criticize most
black people for the lack of character
no I wouldn't Target a group of people
by their skin color to criticize how
about black people no oh do you agree
with me that there's no such thing as
racism sexism homophobicism
a white supremacism did he just say
deadbeat dadism is that what you just
said is um a white Supreme
is a homophobiaism
islamophobia ISM debug ISM or white
supremacism
you say Debbie dadism
sexism homophobiaism
islamophobia ISM that begatism a wife
deadbeat dadism
that's a new one boys we learned
something wow that's crazy
isopremacism
it just has everything to do with the
lack of character I mean it can have to
do with lack of character and both exist
at the same time no do you agree with me
that those things absolutely exist in
the world you believe racism exists yeah
of course are you a racist no how come
you're not you're a white man what why
you're
this is best
oh my God
[Music]
all right
I'm gonna ask you all again
is this man a troll
like
I need to watch these other videos I I
don't know
no sort of
yeah why aren't you racist you a white
man
[Music]
you're a racist just because I'm white
doesn't mean I have to be racist but
they think though they think all white
people are racist
people that think the Earth is flat that
doesn't mean I think that as well so are
you okay with black people believing
that you are racist I don't think all
black people believe I'm a racist if you
disagree with them they would I don't
think so funny but they don't think I'm
racist amazing
that most black people are suffering not
because of racism but they're like a
more character and a destruction of the
family
could be there see this was the segue
into the agenda
it's like do you love black people
you do okay well then how do you feel
about my agenda
both family could be destroyed because
of racism he's not mutually exclusive
family could be destroyed because of
racism it's possible do you agree with
me that black people are suffering not
because of racism but the lack of moral
character and the destruction of the
family I think black people in general
the lack of moral characters I'm asking
about you so you don't believe black
people are suffering due to the life
most black people suffered due to the
lack of moral character no I don't think
so how about uh so are there more people
hold up what what they're bad people I
don't think any group of people is
inherently moral or amoral how about
black people all black people ain't more
people like a moral people or amoral
people I mean do they have it's like
imagine saying though
oh yeah or black people more oh no dude
no of course not like
it's like there's so many of these
questions
it's so obvious like I don't even know
what to say
I'm more I'm more I I imagine any group
of people has morals yeah for sure most
black people you so you're saying yes
black people have more this guy baits
harder than a 12 year old whenever his
mom goes out for grocery shopping okay
this is [ __ ] insane I I've never seen
anything this bad before and I I didn't
expect this at all what do you mean
question marks oh yeah well guess what
back whenever I was a [ __ ] kid you
didn't all have [ __ ] phones you
didn't all have a PC in your room you
had the family computer
and it was in the living room
okay
you had to get on that computer
you didn't have any of this other [ __ ]
you had to do that
so that's why Mom
I imagine any group of people has morals
yeah for sure most black people you so
you're saying yes black people have
mores I would imagine so yeah do you
believe that they do I would believe so
yeah you do uh 77 percent of black
babies are born out of wedlock to black
women not good who are citizens of this
country is that more
um I think it depends on your definition
of I'm asking you about yours
is stupid and that more to have babies
out of weather I I don't this isn't how
I do morality is I didn't ask you how
you did it well you did you're asking
black women to be having babies as long
as you take care of a child what's
Wetland abortion is it more to have an
abortion
um yeah sure would you want your woman
to abort your child guys guys guys
something bother me I think I can answer
maybe I'm wrong
guys this guy this guy keeps saying it
this guy earlier said
black people would think that you're
racist for being right or for the
disagreeing with them
but then he's black
so
so I don't maybe maybe I don't
understand this
I I think I'm crazy
yeah
U.S law works right now amazing are you
a beta male I don't think so beta what a
follow-up what a [ __ ] follow-up right
there amazing I I think the best part
about this whole thing
the only thing that's disappointing to
me is like Destiny is he's he's very
polite right and like I probably would
be this way too in real life but like
there's a part of me that just wants
these guys to just start [ __ ]
actually going at it you know and like
not just you know answering the do you a
black people or not you know but uh you
know just actually going at it it's
it'll be so much better
are you a beta let me ask one and they
would take some calls in South Africa
please Mommy Africa
have taken over the government okay and
now white people under attack their
lands are being taken away from them
without compensation they're being
robbed murdered and killed by blacks and
no one seemed to care
how do you feel about that
I don't know much about South Africa is
it right that white that's assumable
temperature is it white rights that
black people should be killing white
people robbing them going up to their
homes and killing them and robbing them
and taking their lands uh Farmland
without compensation
is it right it doesn't matter why is it
right it doesn't matter why you do
something you have to have a reason to
be killing people in their homes or
something yeah I mean there might be a
good I don't know so they might be doing
it for a good reason what if you were
killing Nazis in their homes or killing
murderers and rapists in their homes
would that be right yeah I'm gonna watch
this with like 10 more minutes and then
we'll stop okay this is this is just
like I feel like I'm losing my brain
cells
uh kill murderers and rapists yes in
their home I don't know it depends on
how I guess that's a question when I
asked you about South Africa because I
asked you why they were killing you I'm
just curious what the reason is
amazing let's go to some calls okay good
idea
I don't understand that Disney said
something valid he says amazing let's go
to some calls
up shut the [ __ ] up dude foreign
Destiny knows it's just such a troll
amazing let's take some calls
dude okay
is 30 years old too old for video games
uh I don't think so
let's go to some questions I wonder who
submitted that one
30 years old too old for some video
games wow
how old did he say I gotta here sorry
sorry
amazing let's go to some calls okay oh
uh I have a question for you is 30 years
old too old for video games uh I don't
think so how old are you 30 years old I
know what a coincidence wow what a
surprise amazing are you a video gamer
right sometimes I am yeah amazing
when we come back we'll take some cars
okay all right amazing sir what made you
take on a girl name online well it was a
noun I was nine years old and I lived in
Nebraska so I didn't know any black
people so I'd never been a girl named
Destiny before oh did you know Destiny
was a girl named at night no you thought
it was a boy name no I thought it was a
noun that just sounded cool because that
was nine years old true amazing amazing
uh when you were a conservative were you
a moral person were you a man in more
men you see them values and more I still
have values and morals now when you were
as concerned that you have them no I
don't think you can have values and
morals and be a conservative did you
support abortion when you were a
conservative uh my chair is my views on
abortion have changed over time uh how
about they took our homosexual marriage
did she supported that yeah when you was
conservative uh no no I was a
conservative what made you you did not
support it as a conservative what made
you support it as a liberal why did you
switch well you said that we should have
love for all people and I decided to
have love for even homosexual people and
I figured that love means they should
probably get married amazing where do
more come from
that's a really interesting question
what do you think morals are you a
Christian no no no definitely not are
you an atheist yeah probably are you an
atheist agnostic but sure and what does
that mean to be agnostic um I don't
believe you can have information about
the existence of a god
amazing Alonzo is the first time caller
out of um Nashville Tennessee okay here
we go you're on the air thank you for
calling you on one so guys you need a
child
how are you sir all is well how you
doing
I'm doing great thank you for asking yes
always I think he's a slogan to um be on
this show I've been watching your show
for over a year now okay guys whatever
this guy says just discredit it just
forget about it just don't even look
into it okay guys
this guy for a year just did one I've
learned so much from your shows
amazing information that you've been
putting out thank you I appreciate that
um I've taken a few of your advice and
I've been talking to other black folks
and it's been I've been getting a lot of
confidence and I've been opening up
other black
to
um realizing that racism is not the
issue that we're supposed to be fighting
it's a spiritual battle that you've been
yeah this is a question of people yes
and
I've been getting some negative feedback
from it but then I've had some people
that you know change their mind good we
need more and more people of of uh God
to be out there people who are not
afraid to tell the truth
therefore I appreciate that uh Alonzo
yes thank you very much again it's uh
it's an honor to be talking to you right
now right on I'm a little nervous right
now so bear with me well don't be
nervous okay we just it's just Jesse and
Destiny is here
and was there a question uh definitely I
hope um
you uh change your viewpoints
um everything's a learning experience
and you'll see gum because I didn't uh
believe the things that Jesse believed
and after watching it over and over uh I
began to realize then I began to uh
brainwash start sharing that love to
everybody you know what I bet I I don't
bet but I wouldn't be surprised if this
was actually one of Destiny's like
longest
Subs
just calling to troll
of my Subs to do the same [ __ ]
and I honestly honorable that's that is
Honorable that's all I can say
what do you say about that that's needed
the Destiny's forcing all his muscles to
not just burst out laughing just
laughing their [ __ ] face uh Destiny I
hope I kill myself before I even get
halfway down that road I'm sorry man
you're about to kill yourself and have
love for all yeah wow if you say yes
then believe it whatever you guys
believe in did you say yes but then
believe in well then whatever you guys
believe in yeah are your parents liberal
nope they're quite conservative oh they
are are they Christians yeah they are do
they know you switched oh yeah how do
they feel about it uh they're not happy
about it
amazing
no sir uh continue doing the good thing
and I'll keep on plugging along thank
you buddy call me again
thank you sir all right that's amazing
that was like a three minute
question or caller
and he didn't [ __ ] say anything
like he he called up he's like yeah I
like you a lot
I love Jesus too
destiny
you're wrong
peace
and like you just space that out into 30
minutes and that was pretty much the
whole thing it was impressive
I it's more than impressive it was
amazing
that's amazing you watched my shows
before I'm a little bit unfortunately
unfortunately wow
um
I don't know a pathogen or something I'm
already infected do you have anger
destiny
uh I'm angry all the time yeah you're
waiting and how did you become an angry
person what the [ __ ]
doing now is he's trying to use the
anger right he's trying to personify the
anger into him being the political thing
that he doesn't like
see why I I see this happen
so [ __ ] often it's so cute
apparently by listening to people like
you this is
by hearing that not by hearing the truth
no and how did uh people like me cause
you to become angry
um because I actually have a I actually
very much appreciate the truth when I
hear people like you I get pretty upset
so many people can be led astray and
what do I say that is not true oh God
every single word you say it's not true
like what foreign
statement you don't get you more from
God you don't have to get your morals
from where do you get heals from all
right make them up yourself you made
them up yeah do you use are you in
support of Trent men and women women
pretend to be men and men pretending to
be women transgenders it makes them
happy sure you're okay with that too
yeah it's Bruce Jenner okay oh man oh a
woman okay whatever they want to be I
don't care what is Bruce
versus
who is he is he a man or a woman what is
wrong they want to be I don't care it's
not my business
you don't know what Bruce is
not really do you know what I am well
right now I'm not sure but with the name
Destiny
here we go I don't know am I it seems
like you don't know either right maybe
we should just keep it to ourselves you
look like a man okay oh you look like a
male okay
that that little edit there
because he already said before that a
man is a conservative and a male is just
some it's a guy right so he he you know
he he's he brought it back a little bit
so so there is actually an eye a guiding
ideology here but why are you ask me
what are you because you don't actually
know what I am so why worry about we
know that Bruce is pretending to be a
woman but he's really a man you know
that yeah he was born a man really have
you seen his penis before but he said he
was born a man he used to he said it
what if he's what if he said something
different we go about what he said do
you say Bruce is a woman now I'm just
curious how you know who how someone is
one way or the other yeah he's a woman
now one time he was a man
I know he's not a woman how do you know
that a man who take off their body parts
and attach it he did it it did it again
it's like no dancer definitely just
moved on it's a woman party or a woman
who take out her woman part
and attach a man body parts to herself
does that make her a man do you know
what body parts they were born with so
at this point in the interview I am
convinced destiny
is just trolling and just doesn't
[ __ ] care anymore
yeah that's another question
does that make her amen sure if it wants
him to be yeah just because he added the
body part of a meal sure if they want to
be sure amazing amazing greedy
it's a first-time caller from Phoenix
Arizona questions
sorry about that hey how's it going all
as well how you doing
how can I help you
um I don't know you said you wanted uh
quote-unquote adult video Gamers I call
in I didn't say that maybe someone else
I'm a
um
video gamer
I am a quote-unquote adult video gamer
how old are you
I am 23 years old wow my mother what a
loser uh no I don't actually uh work a
job immediately ask that I thought so
are you on a speakerphone
uh yeah oh can you pick up your phone
sure is this better oh 100
sure
that video games before children
oh you're absolutely wrong why how are
they for adults especially men
what's the difference between playing a
video game and watching a movie are you
depressed
amazing no no I'm not actually you're
not depressed nope do you have Suicidal
Thoughts
I know I do not are you shy of the world
are you are you able to deal with people
all right deal people perfectly fine so
all the questions that he's asking are
his preconceived stereotypical
attributes of people that play video
games as adults and that's why he's
asking them it's very very obvious why
are you uh why are you an adult video
gamer oh my God
because I enjoy the entertainment of
video games amazing
um destiny do you agree with me that
adults should not be video Gamers well
considering I'm an adult that plays
video games what the [ __ ] if I agreed
with you would it so what do you what do
you think about are you you're not
married right not right now no you've
been married uh yeah oh you were married
and were you a video gamer while married
he's gonna insinuate that the reason
he's not married anymore is just playing
video games watch Eric yeah well no
wonder your wife love you oh there it is
dude what did I tell you guys see once
you know him it's like learning a boss
mechanic like once you know what's going
to happen in the boss mechanic once you
go through phase one you know exactly
how you're gonna get to phase two it is
[ __ ] obvious
it's [ __ ] obvious man it's scripted
out this is more scripted than my stream
are you married Brady
no I'm not married no you're never going
to get married because you're married to
the video game this guy Associates
everything together
why aren't you married that's
interesting yeah okay don't have time
um uh do you think the women are scared
off because they hear Jessie's coming
and they're not sure if they're gonna
see a woman or a man no they want me
yeah yeah why don't you have time for a
wife all right work it's not in the in
the cars right now for me but let me ask
Brady
um it's Brady not Grady Brady why are
you into games as an adult
um so why were you a conservative uh
Destiny when you were into video gaming
yep are you addicted to it to video
games I don't think so no are you uh
Brady are you addicted to the games
I know I'm not addicted hey can you stop
doing it if you wanted to
that would mean well give it a try for a
year let's see what's happening thank
you okay I'll listen to your show for a
year so like
okay when you stop the gaming for a year
I love how like this dude just like
[ __ ] talks [ __ ] to him
and Jesse doesn't even give a [ __ ]
it doesn't even make him mad like I'm
actually impressed like if there's
anything I can say about this guy
it just doesn't even like it it's like
you could say anything to this dude and
he won't even get pissed because he
doesn't understand it
uh no why would I saw something I
enjoyed amazing are you a conservative
no I'm not a conservative
a liberal sure beta
how did you become a
how did you become a liberal
um
I don't know I guess it comes from uh
things you believe in
how did you become a conservative you
got it from your mother
um not really yeah
my mother is all the subtleties left
leaning oh she's a liberal
sure so you're just like your mother
so you're just like your mother and
father
if you want to say that I rest my case
amazing are you I was a cons I was a
liberal when I was a beta male
and then I and then God changed my heart
and I can no longer identify with
liberals because liberals of their
father the devil the children of the LIE
and so
I'm I am a
black Christian conservative how do you
feel about uh black conservative Grady
it's Brady Brady yeah Brady oh they get
something ready
okay yeah it doesn't matter
um how do you feel about black
conservatives
what's the difference between them and
any other conservatives yeah exactly I
want to ask how do you feel about black
conservatives
I mean I feel the same way like I do
about all conservatives how do you feel
about black conservatives
why are you singling out you didn't
answer the question how do you feel
about black conservatives there it is
again I feel I do okay I do not like
conservatives I don't like the Blackness
there it is conservative
like I said I do not like black
conservatives but okay not because
they're black hey they stop some bears
because they were black I just asked do
you like black conservatives I don't
know why you're singling out
why can't you just answer the question I
already answered the question like I
said I said I do not like Destiny's just
like dude
like black conservatives nope
see how easy do you know Destiny Brady
is it Susie with him yeah because you
listen to you talk and [ __ ] ramble
and [ __ ] dude I'm a fan of them I
don't know him personally you have a fan
oh another liberal exciting a gamer
videos amazing
thank you for calling man I appreciate
it
all right and thank you thank you for
listening to the shop
um
I want to ask how do you feel about the
attack that's happening with Steve King
right now Representatives key for saying
that he's a nationalist
and
when did that go wrong and what's wrong
with being a national how do you feel
about that um Steve Kings made a lot of
pretty races that was actually a good
question
like that so this is the first question
that we've had
in the first 30 minutes of the show
that was actually kind of good
right it was well I mean like here's why
right it wasn't a how was it good it
didn't presuppose a narrative
it was topical and it focused on an idea
rather than an individual
yeah it was a good question
this is comments in the past so like
what uh when you talked about Mexican
babies replacing white people in the
United States for instance well we don't
have enough white babies we have too
many baby we don't need any Mexican
babies we need white babies to save
America Mexican babies they'd be
American babies
what 100 okay do you agree that we need
more white babies
I don't know if we necessarily need any
more of a particular type oh God are you
offended when white people when white
males are attacked they can call white
supremacy and things like that if
they're an actual white supremacist no
it seems appropriate so it doesn't
bother you not when they're actually
white supremacists no and if they decide
that they wanted to be a white supremacy
what's wrong with that I'm not a fan of
people that are white supremacists are
you fat uh are you okay with black
supremacies no I'm not you like Lewis
America I don't know enough about him do
you know who Louis farrakhand is I've
seen like tweets but I don't know he
said that white people are blue eyed
devils and black people
oh I mean not black people but Jews are
blessed second Jews do you agree with
that I no you don't agree with that no
should he be banned for making those
statements banned from what we'll say
those statements
stop him from preaching and all that for
saying making those statements he can
preach whatever you want your freedom of
religion in the United States should he
be bad or stopped as a result of making
those statements then from where yeah
his job what is his job answer the
question I don't know what the [ __ ] then
what am I watching job is you're not
answering the question well if his job
is like a McDonald's worker then no he
should be able to do that let's take
um amazing let's take another Jake oh
another caller okay here we go
um of course no that is let's go to a
caller boys first time caller out of
Georgia Georgia
um
hey Jessie how are you doing all is well
you're on with Destiny as well I have a
guess
how you doing Destiny I'm doing great
well I wanted to call uh that guy before
is a
quite a stupid man
yeah I can tell you can tell the
attitude he has a liberal oh we're all
pink inside we're all the same yeah that
was you can definitely hear that such a
motherly thing coming from it yeah that
was Brady a motherly thing that said it
yeah Brady out of Phoenix
absolutely
you agree with that Destiny no why not
because I don't know if you inherit your
political views from your mother more
than your father or if that makes you
liberal or not you can you can inherit
your beta male characters from your
mother you're gonna probably inherited
from your father as well
if you're if you're probably debating
male but your father shouldn't be a bad
man he should be a father he should be a
man well if that guy's a beta male and
he has kids and that kid is going to
have a father that's a beta male now
animals shouldn't have kids
oh shoot Jesse he just called you a beta
mail oh no uh he said beta Mouse
shouldn't have kids yeah you don't have
any kids right I do have kids and you're
not married
and you're not married I have grandkids
that great grandkids always wondering do
you live in sin no I did that when I was
in sin okay thank you well obviously you
get those marriages
I'm sorry I've got to take a [ __ ] guys
I'll be right back I've gotta take a
[ __ ]
okay
sorry I'm back
I don't believe in God so I don't think
I can sin is that your daddy
last time I checked no I don't think so
is Satan your Daddy yeah
thank you uh Jake I appreciate it let's
go to Frankie out of Illinois hey Frank
thank you thank you for calling you on
the air
okay can you hear me Chloe loud and
clear Frankie thank you for calling
you're on with Destiny as well
I don't even know where to start with
Destiny if Jesse can't help you I gotta
save you
um okay the thing is
it's almost over but I cannot believe
okay so the people that are calling in
agreeing with this guy is just as papega
as it gets but I can tell the people
calling in can at least form sentences
they're [ __ ] sentences
but
they can form sentences
so they should be able to recognize when
someone cannot form sentences how do
they not recognize this man cannot even
speak
amazing first Jesse I want to ask you a
question real fast yes sir do you hate
people when you ask them questions and
they can't give a yes or no answer no I
don't I understand why they don't
too scared to answer okay oh Destiny
just admitted he said that he's too
scared to answer and most uh
ah we all liberals have uh anger and
they are afraid to admit the truth so I
I totally understand you have to be
patient with them true right Destiny
very true
well my my phone call is mainly directed
towards you Jesse yes
and the wall and your views on Israel
Frankie call me tomorrow I'm out of time
and only I'm hanging up right out of
time call me tomorrow Destiny thank you
for coming in man thanks for having me
what's your website again destiny.gg I
really appreciate you coming I wish you
well
I can't believe that's a thing
anyone else that didn't what the [ __ ]
shout out to Destiny for action going on
the show and giving everyone content
that's [ __ ] crazy
that was funny
holy [ __ ] he was so annoying
oh my God okay
2.8 K likes 3.7 K dislikes law what is
this hahaha Destiny got amazed in this
debate Cheeto
dude guys I don't really get involved
politics ever but I thought that was
worth the watch
I mean I knew they would watch the whole
thing because I feel like watching like
long things with chats kind of like a
sleeper but that was kind of
entertaining to be honest
yikes dude yikes
Destiny got gnomed in this low entry
conversation
foreign
Destiny is a stripper's name
I can almost see the drool it's
passively flowing out of Jesse's mouth
as he attempts the strange sentences
Destiny is very smart and very specific
Jesse is trying to trick him and he's
failing on every count amazing chat
a male a man is a male who turned into a
man
guys this was uh this is eye-opening
that was the most pepega thing I've seen
in a while
I just couldn't I just couldn't help
myself I just keep watching this [ __ ]
yeah that discard itself
what the [ __ ] dude
what the [ __ ]
like and and these are like
the the new this is a nine year YouTube
this YouTube channel is an old as old as
mine Jordan's friend is this came out 53
minute this came out during my stream
waited his entire life
he's a beta male oh my God
this is insane
and I I wonder like
this guy pumps out content too it's not
even like wait wait there's an emote for
it
just a second
uh I I chat's moving so fast I can never
click anything off a chat because people
are just spamming constantly yeah I
can't click the emote guys sorry it's
too fast okay
um yeah all right I I got it okay what
is this amazing a
um
oh no
oh no really
what is this
just a second let me take a look at it
okay it's taking a
what do you guys think you like it
should we add it
you know what I'm I'm just gonna do it
all right [ __ ] it let's add it anyway it
doesn't even matter I think this one's
actually kind of funny uh did it
actually load no it didn't okay let me
double quick all right there we go uh it
should be working now this is insane man
beta male Ministry student girlfriend
has kid from rape liberal gamer destiny
beta male yaron Brook
holy [ __ ] man
these videos wait refresh wait there's
another one he just pumped out another
[ __ ] video
just a second let me see if he did okay
that it's been added to my channel okay
never mind all right we're good we'll
get the [ __ ] walk interviews
um can I even watch that I mean I feel
like they could be wearing like
something like bad and I don't want to
get in trouble and like this guy's put
out like how many [ __ ] videos
and a lot of them
wow
how when was this are you all right are
you okay oh I'm feeling better than ever
you're all right I don't think I can
show blood on this stream uh let's see
this is crazy
yeah I'm pretty sure I can't
and these videos have like a million
views
oh my God yeah I don't know if I'm
supposed to or not or if there's like
any any way that I can show blood where
it's okay as far as I know I'm not
supposed to so I'm not going to okay uh
this is crazy I don't want this on biker
well I don't want to watch another 40
minute video but it's still really
impressive to see this like I I I I
didn't expect it to be
this right Jesse Lee Peterson owned me
in a debate yeah okay yeah this is the
one uh amazing video yeah
[Music]
