okay well at least he's gonna maybe end
it he'll end it with a good hand kiss
and then walk away okay
okay maybe just a cheek maybe just one
on the cheek is not bad okay the other
cheek is okay okay yeah you kind of drag
you control different passes to say
Trump controls California - what if you
had like a bunch of like many people
that represented all the states but they
all kind of like got together and voted
us but they were like they were those
representatives so say like we have all
of our little states in the United
States what have all of us elected like
different people that would go to like a
larger place and then they would vote on
stuff for like each of the states and
everything yeah that might work actually
this is actually really good idea okay
that's what the EU is oh I really want
to do like stand-up and I have I've been
like writing jokes okay check this one
out guys are you ready I would open my
thing talking about how much I hate you
know trainees or whatever the [ __ ] but
then I would segue that into a really
funny joke about how I identify as an
attack helicopter and then like I was
like my preferred pronouns are Apache
whatever like into that [ __ ] do you guys
think that would be like really [ __ ]
funny
oh my god yeah do you think that would
be really [ __ ] funny I was just I was
I've been sitting on this material for
so long thank you
yeah I know trans people right he's like
he's really nice to people who have
higher your account but like he shits on
people [ __ ] I'm nice to Miss Jones
destiny who else
[ __ ] Tyler one I'm nice too little
streamers dude it's getting late you
want to go in a cord you're welcome
I got a nice guy Thanks so I might my my
fear here is that you had you have
people who travel from across the world
to come to the iconic Times Square balls
drop a ball
the iconic that'd be appropriate for an
audience of Port night fans though huh I
don't know what do you mean you don't
know like if you go through a hundred
profiles like how many people use
swiping on Twitter you know you're
attractive I'm pretty sure you can swipe
for like hours and then I get like a
bunch of man yeah yeah you get have
thousands of matches very very very
easily what you go after what you want
my like personal feeling is that you're
probably way way way way way too
particular on appearance I am there's a
specific kind of guy that I like tell
about it is it like chubby nice cool
bearded guy like softie it's a guy
that's between the height of five ten to
six three how Asian half white or it
could be either one of those okay you're
gonna be alone you'll be alone for a
long time but you have any idea how
[ __ ] sick the dating market would be
if guy this is gonna sounds like some
real insult [ __ ] but if guys got
together and just heard like sucking off
the bros and [ __ ] do you know how much
harder we're not to step up their game
what if you had to go what you do and
all the games you have to play with
chicks um tat wall fight you did the
play with chicks sometimes like [ __ ]
you know bang a [ __ ] like if you're
just like dude I'm gonna go [ __ ] hang
out with mark we're gonna give each
other way better [ __ ] and you can't
we've been sucking each other off since
we were [ __ ] you know 15 years old
we're gonna [ __ ] him I'm playing this
dumbass [ __ ] game with you you don't
have split the check [ __ ] that [ __ ]
you know how much more competitive the
sexual market is when you can't try be
more fair like that's not a good answer
to okay then if you were to be fair I
think if you were to be full equal it
what it would probably not be a viable
system is it like the whole thing I'm
like what it would make it wouldn't be
like a
[Laughter]
[Music]
over there on the ground
[Music]
I drank a little bit too much but I'm
not like causing trouble or not meeting
anybody or anything
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
my license plate
why would you look you up there's no air
here is like god you're right put some
of yours
you're like eating on it you're like
listen don't make amends I'm always here
he has to work out it is a lot of
calories to power it is loss
I actually know the funniest joke in the
world they did psychology poles than
what the funniest joke is I was elated
okay you would have do pure empirical
data are comparable eight over one the
best oh so all of a sudden a friend is
out hunting was another friend and they
called 9-1-1 and he says my friend is
monster brown and he's in distress and
then I wrote a call they said okay
what's wrong and the guy says I think
he's dead and the first thing she says
is you need to make sure that he's dead
first I lose a long silence and then a
gunshot and the guy's like okay now what
I think I butcher the delivery but it's
empirically the funniest
oh stop you're like I don't give a [ __ ]
about like being touchy-feely or
whatever but like you went you wonder
like hey what's up - like literally
jerking me off
[Music]
this is a good ass [ __ ] Mongolian
feet holy [ __ ] I'm about to eat Steve's
good do
it's communism baby
[Music]
any circumstantial disorder tonight
multiple times Oh
damn what are you gonna just [ __ ]
stiffen like that dude
because they didn't want you all you're
like standing up for me so oh dear I'm
gonna hurt my failing brother no it's
fun
Oh 12:05 ok comrade dude hey there's
some cake comrades in the shop boys hey
comrades ok it's ok this guy's gonna
drive us yeah are you sure you don't
wanna get a drink though just one no you
shouldn't have you're driving no I have
one drink no oh good you'll be drunk
that's a one drink whether you drive
here if you're black and you drink one
time you get my [ __ ] by the cogs I'm
serious they get shot all the time okay
hey Shelby
I'm sorry okay hold on I can't believe
people try to drive like this holy [ __ ]
[Music]
