I'm not gonna eat these chickpeas I need
you guys feed him please no I walked by
the other day and I thought I saw a sign
that said um dumplings so we're gonna
try to find that dumpling shop so like
every pizza place I've been to Little
Caesars I've been to Pizza Hut I've been
to Domino's event at Papa John's I've
been to Papa Murphy's
Papa Murphy's I think and I've never
seen somebody slide a pizza right into
an oven thing in front of you and then
when you watch it cook I guess maybe
where you are you do that a ton but I'd
say that's kind of outside the norm but
we can't all be hipster [ __ ] like you I
guess my dude well actually I live in a
small Italian town and they actually
cook the pizza right on you they're
dicks right and Freddie
[Music]
[Music]
okay I sort of God I saw a sign for
dumpling somewhere [ __ ] where but I
don't remember where got BJ's over there
then - once it's okay is it a Din Tai
Fung is that really what it is down here
are you sure
Oh dumpling oh no I see it this is what
I was like a fire khinkali house and
dumplings we'll try this I'll see how it
is oh look it's like the same type of
thing oh I'm gonna be so lonely coming
here alone probably how many dumplings
do you think I get like 10 giving us
enough for me thank you very much what
is that I think these are like bread
crumbs and these are like chickpeas am I
supposed to eat these together somehow
what am I supposed to do with this I
supposed to get a solid it please wrong
I'm not a big fan of chickpeas they're
not bad they just don't like never have
any flavor Oh hmm I'm used to uh mr.
chickpeas being like in a soup like very
mushy these are like not that bread and
peas go in the soup bread is country
like croutons listen I didn't order
anything
okay I just want some goddamn dumplings
this is like the boomer station dude oh
look this guy turned out like a heater
for me
how cute is up and so warm [ __ ] I'm so
hungry
how am i eating this [ __ ] oh my god damn
bread ball I need my [ __ ] bread I
ordered bread
I'm wait for it oh I have no idea how
much is left on this hot spot either I
don't know so I might just if I randomly
just back them from it how about San
unflavored bread curtain
[Music]
thank you very much I don't know why
they these are huge
please I'm asking oh my god it's way too
hot
I don't wanna cry my mouth it's gonna
make it really upset can I use my
fingers please your ball you in trouble
still do hot
[Music]
how am I supposed to extract the soup
from the dumplings and eat the soup
drive to use like a spoon in the bowl I
don't understand at the Dan Tang Fong
place you just put the whole thing in
your mouth but these are way too big for
that
[Music]
it's still too hot I'm gonna eat this
I'm gonna get the [ __ ] trigger
use a strong shut the [ __ ] up
dip the dumpling in the water shudder
haha put the whole thing in your mouth
this thing is the size my [ __ ] head I
can't put this whole thing in my mouth
that's not happening this is [ __ ]
stupid
[ __ ] this [ __ ] tilted in Ihram up I
don't want to suck the juice out I want
to eat the juice and the meat and the
covering at the same time that's the
point if I wanted to just suck juice out
Howdy's get a [ __ ] bullet suit what
am I supposed to do with these get me
outta here okay I guess still not
entirely sure how I'm supposed to be
eating husband did you learn anything
from the butter at the debate no holy
[ __ ] what a debate I don't know I think
it's kind of pulling stuff out of his
ass to be honest with you I just Lance
you something that you chose that
african-americans have a harder time
getting photo IDs in the Hawaiian
Americans it's pretty well understood
your ability to get an ID like this is
like pretty common okay I think I'm good
on this I don't anything there okay then
I'm bad but it's not quite what I was
looking for can I check
[Music]
I don't think they judge me for the
bread man usually if they charge you for
something it goes out it prints out on a
ticket somewhere to like the kitchen and
I didn't get any food so I doubt it'll
be mature I guess it could be though if
they [ __ ] up really bad I'm gonna
guess this meal cost me $25 and that's
my guess
[Music]
I got charged for my bread basket was
this the bread basket I'm looking at the
price now and the bread basket was only
three dollars so maybe this was actually
I don't want to ask like where did my
bread basket go I know like that's it I
think that was it
was I supposed to like click the
chickpeas like on the curtains to like
make look what did you say it lays up
what Hamas says or whatever hummus is
chick peas okay how much was it
it's 2003 82 what did this guy just do
like oh my god this guy just post like a
10 page paragraph my check I'll be
looking at making 100k a year right out
of college with 96 percent job placement
wait what for a CSE major what is the
[ __ ] is then comma sorry engineering or
the average CS major does not [ __ ]
start at [ __ ] six figures what the
[ __ ] home average I'm gonna get 60 pay
the national average mid-career the
mid-career Tom site seller is 110
computer science one of the highest
paying kills with an average starting
salary of sixty six thousand dollars 65
mm unless maybe if you like live like in
a really expensive area maybe it starts
a little higher 65 K is nothing to scoff
no.6 you might be starting is really
really good for like $100,000 starting
salary right out of college with a
four-year degree [ __ ] way
let's get like super [ __ ] lucky one
100 K is not uncommon starting were you
talking about 100 a starting salary for
a four-year degree out of college is
[ __ ] in me that's like an incentive
policy working really good literal
tip-top [ __ ] I was told for my
specific University to the average study
salaries 100k what do you are you like
going to like in San Francisco if you're
like in San Francisco then maybe sure
Microsoft prepared me for 100 art around
okay why are you telling about literally
okay why would you say 100k starting
salary is not that uncommon and then say
the best company in the world recruited
me and I started whatever K like Google
pays 700 K starting wait why I graduated
see us and every friend started at 90 K
are these the lies that stem majors tell
themselves you think because you go to a
[ __ ] comm site a grief factor you're
gonna walk out with a job for $95,000
what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
starting pay for Comp Sci degrees like
65 K if you're starting at 90 you're
either being hired by an elite [ __ ]
company or you have like a monster
[ __ ] portfolio it is not because of
your [ __ ] [ __ ] as comps I'd agree
that you're walking out with a $90,000
starting wage you must have been putting
it like some extra effort you've been
working on other should or you got
really [ __ ] you're not necessarily
lucky but you got hired but like a top
company people look just walk out of
school with a [ __ ] Comp Sci degree
and start at [ __ ] 95 100k these are
like exceptional circumstances holy [ __ ]
the [ __ ] is it ridiculous okay I
never stopped screaming at my phone hold
on one's looking
I'd argue that a fairly large proportion
of CSP will get hired by these large
companies and you don't have to be top
of your class behind it well then why is
the median salary why is the average
starting salary then why would the
average starting salary then be $65,000
are there a bunch of people that go and
work for Walmart for 30k liquid I'm a
history major and I'm making around a
125 G okay these top jobs yeah I don't I
don't understand like what I know that
likes 10 people are special but like oh
yeah the average stem job is like
working at Amazon right out of college
like most stem people they just you know
they go right from most CS degrees you
just go right from college right to like
Amazon or Google you know you knew the
trifecta you go Amazon Microsoft Google
Element Facebook get your three-year
vestment at each place and Risley that's
just pretty standard cop saw you know
graduate with a degree hundred 20k
salary in one or two years you know no
problem like the big Forster I don't
know what you're doing rather bit okay
let me go back to my other fact everyone
go fund Google if you don't believe me
average starting salary for a comps i
degree is about sixty six thousand
dollars period okay if you get a job for
a really big company it's possible you
can get more but the average is like 66
or 67 K whatever
you cannot just grab a comp site agree
and expect to walk out with a hundred
thousand dollar salary with a [ __ ]
undergrad you are exceptionally rare if
that's true you are like many deviations
off the norm hold on
okay I'm you're going to you guys are
pissing me off anyway well like I'm
pretty in my stuff is Wow
alright Renault cappuccino cappuccino
opportunity no damn Chino cappuccino
opportunity no
[Music]
