so what have you been up to lately buddy
I'm not a whole lot man I am I went to
what 12 years in the IT field without
having to get a certificate and I
finally had to get one that was a pain
in the ass budget what you should never
get fine
I'm a security plus it wasn't hard to
study for it was just it's stressful
because you'd pay like 400 bucks to take
it and so you know you never know what
kind of questions are gonna be on it
ended up being pretty easy though other
than that nothing really how about you
i what's the the motivation to get into
this politics thing did you snow tiss
that it was I mean not into politics
itself but to go this route with the
stream did you notice it was gaining a
lot of traction and you enjoyed it more
than gaming oh no I mean I've been doing
politics for probably like the past
three years like pretty heavily I guess
is just another yeah my interest though
in you and Jordan Pederson comes from
this ready I'm gonna say some triggering
things do you but take take my word for
it I'm not a Rube not coming here to get
a rise out of you I've gone pretty
liberal in my politics over the years
from a pretty heavy conservative point
and then I hear I just started listening
to Joe Rogan right that's the first
warning sign about what I'm about to say
and I listen to the the Petersons things
and I've been seeing him in the news and
whatnot and I started listening a couple
months ago and as I'm listen to him it's
hard for me to disagree with a lot of
the stuff I hear and then I'll see some
people say some comments about him being
you know sexist progressive etc and I'm
like I don't see that or I don't hear
that and what I the interactions I've
seen I see there's all his appearances
on Rogan his GQ articles and as he's
explaining himself he's not saying
anything racist he's not saying anything
sexist regressive etc but his discussion
about speech other Watts they seem to
make sense and so my interest with you
is as someone that seems to put a lot of
thought into be the counters to his
politics or his beliefs is to kind of
maybe give me the other side in a non
screechie Petersons oppressive kind of
way sure do you know okay so we can
begin with two basic
where'd something kind of go from there
you've got descriptive claims and you've
got normative claims right so a
descriptive claim is a statement a
matter of fact about the world so this
bag is blue the book is 12 pages long
these are descriptive claims right
they've got something called normative
claims these are claims of what we ought
to do in society you should be nice to
somebody you shouldn't murder someone
you should take care of the sick etc
right got it
the problem with what Jordan Peterson
does is Jordan Peterson makes a lot of
descriptive claims but he never makes
any normative claims
so Jordan Peterson will say things like
women are not as happy today's they used
to be
women and men don't get along in the
office men tend to be better at this
thing and then that's all he ever says
he never goes he never takes a step
further to make a prescriptive claim to
say like what should we do about
something and the problem is a lot of
people will take the things that he says
and then they like jump to very bad
places kind of obviously it's what you
would expect someone to go based on what
he said but then he never takes
responsibility for any of the kind of
normative leaps people make off of his
descriptive ones and that's kind of the
annoying thing with dealing with Jordan
Peterson technically Jordan Peterson
himself doesn't usually say things well
when he's talking about psychology it's
usually okay when he starts talking
about like history or politics it's
usually really [ __ ] stupid but
generally when he's talking about
psychology his stuff is okay but um a
lot of people use kind of what he's
saying to empower some really in my
opinion some bad philosophy or bad um
ethic or moral thought I guess okay so
tell you to backtrack a second so no
I've ever standing you just stop me
immediately but I got ya
it's a normative is the claim of you
didn't think of normative like moral
claims god is so when you're saying that
was the example of saying women used to
be XY and Z that's the normative one no
no that's a descriptive women whereas
women were happy at one point in time
that's a descriptive claim okay now but
if you would say therefore women
shouldn't work today that would be the
normative claim okay got it
so then your issue is that he makes the
a lot of descriptive claims and then
those get taken out of context or get
taken to drive other things by other
people yeah so basically
like descriptive claims mean nothing
without normative claims like humans
just don't function that way we don't do
anything with facts or rather we have to
make decisions about what we do with
facts and that's generally where the
interesting conversation is like what
should we do what ought we to do get
given you know some set of facts or
whatever and Petersen never seems to go
forward and making those statements a
just kind of like lays out a bunch of
descriptive claims and then let other
people decide but the problem is his
descriptive claims pretty obviously lead
in like a single direction so like it
seems like he pushes for like
conservative family you know
rolls conservative gender roles in
society that seems to be the point that
he always pushes towards he never
explicitly says that though and then
when you call him out on it he always
reminds you that well hold on I didn't
say that
you know we should go back to
traditional gender roles but he always
like lays out descriptive claims that
usually pretty obviously lead you there
so one of the yeah there's a book called
a leaning in and it's about I can't can
one so I'm gonna look it up before it is
written by Sheryl Sandberg and it's a
book about women in the in the workplace
the kind of issues that they face you
know what contributes to them etc and
you know you've heard I'm sure you've
heard Peterson talked about he watched
his appearances on the Joe Rogan at all
um I've seen some of them yeah he's been
lying to it through two or three times I
wasn't right at this point yeah yeah by
himself and then I think once or twice
with Brett Weinstein mm-hmm
but yeah so that's I haven't watched a
lot of his talks but um when I one of
the ones that kind of reminded me of
this book this book talks about just
different aspects of of women in the
workplace and how you know the the
issues they face and and why some
perform an ex way while others perform
why and when I heard Peterson talk there
was the guy you debated the like hour
and a half long video about and the
title says something about cancer in it
yeah sure okay
and the guy keeps talking about
something about lawyers and I think he
was trying to allude to this discussion
but Jordan makes the the comment that
law firms are struggling to have
high-level high-level female part
farmers or whatever yeah sure
yes and so the the issue
says is that it's not a matter of not a
matter of these people not being able to
perform at that level not being able to
take the stress and what not it's that
they are working these high-powered jobs
or working out very long time and they
have basically what he says because I
don't think uses this this exact wording
is they have another option they can
continue to work that or they can bump
back work only X number of hours and
also you know start a family and have a
life outside of it but then they have a
that option to them and to me logically
that makes sense and then when you hear
talk people talk about you know
describing the little wage gap there is
and you know what contributes to that
wage gap aside from the you know the
systemic issues that whatever it all
seems to make sense like that sounds
right so what kind of claim like wait so
which sounds right that women should
take should goes no no not so should not
should it's that they do and that's why
law firms find themselves in that
position where they're struggling they
want to have these you know women in
higher positions they value it etc but
they're having trouble to me it's not
doesn't sound like he's making any kind
of absurd sexist claimed or saying they
should all he's saying is this is a
matter of fact situation yeah the
problem is it like a lot of people kind
of like jump off these talking points to
say things like oh well look like women
aren't as driven as men women just want
to go home and have kids or whatever and
therefore like we shouldn't encourage
women to pursue these kinds of like tech
oriented jobs or these like harder jobs
because like these are better suited for
men because we just want to go have
families or whatever is like where a lot
of people kind of like jump to right
which is wrong like she said nothing of
the sort and for them to jump to that
conclusion is well yeah but the problem
is that this is the cut this is the
great trick that Peterson pulls and
makes them very frustrating to watch
other people try to talk with them that
this is why people get so frustrated
when I talk to them it's because
Peterson will never make
are you serious get out of here Peterson
will never make any prescriptive claims
ever he'll he'll always retreat to this
kind of like oh well I don't know what
we should do like oh I don't know I well
I don't know I just I don't know he'll
he always plays this game where he'll
never make like that
prescriptive claim and and that's why
I'm so white any time you try to tribute
any prescriptive claim towards him he
just you know retreats to that oh I
don't know you know and it's like okay
well would it I get what you're saying
so what are your I think one of the
strongest things that I find myself to
bring with him is when he talks about
language and I know there's I don't want
to specifically get on the the trans
bill that he was talking about on the
transmission but um there there are
comments I hate [ __ ] compilation
videos because it never shows you the
whole picture right but um I watched one
today and there was someone talking to
him about why oh man I wish I could I
didn't come prepared
I thought we'd discussed doing this and
then and then I'm not like [ __ ] gross
the [ __ ] I know but I mean I've seen a
lot of these videos so I probably will
even know what you're talking about but
it was something along the lines of like
he talks about the way language is
controlled and so he talks about the
radical people who are you know he says
the language is a product of these
radical individuals yeah unfortunately
he has this very weird so this is kind
of where like Peterson goes off the
rails I think when Peterson is talking
about psychology I as much as it pains
me to say I think there's actually some
value there he does make like decent
statements about psychology and usually
when he's talking within that very
narrow purview of psychology as his
comments are generally correct and
generally intelligent when he starts
talking about politics or philosophy
it's very [ __ ] cringy so he's bought
into this thing and I'm sure you've
heard this phrase of like cultural
Marxism or whatever or post modern
cultural Neopost Marxist some he'll use
some combination of yeah it's basically
this idea that like people are trying to
destroy science or knowledge or
information because there's some
marching orders
coming from some post Marxist doctrine
conspiracy [ __ ] about like I don't know
like that when he starts getting into
that stuff we we're getting into like
very weird conspiracy territory where
it's much easier to describe things
using more simple explanations like oh
like a lot of people are progressive and
push for you know inclusions of certain
types of people that make sensitive no
that makes absolute sense I know the way
you that you the way you worded it just
know mm-hmm it it I've never heard a
word like that where I've never heard
him saying anything about like like a
marching order coming from and I doesn't
like post I think he says like Marxist
post and postmodern Marxists or
something is like oh yeah I know he says
it's just like the more he hasn't said
anything that I've heard a nice shot he
hasn't said anything about it being like
a collective to me it from what I've
heard it doesn't sound like he's saying
it's a collective one for the governor
colluding to make this happen
but more just this is an ideology that's
starting in academia and it's working
its way out creating for society and so
that in that form I am like the Marxism
not necessarily but when he talks about
the way speech is controlled and talks
about these these rattle radical social
progressives it's like hard for me to
not be like I kind of see that like when
you see people's lives getting ruined
because they said XY and Z where there's
the mob mentality to go after someone
because they have committed what is
perceived to be some slight against a
protected class yeah but I mean like
very simple you've heard like don't
throw out the baby with the bathwater
right I'm sure you've heard that yes
right like there are people that go real
hard on social media and [ __ ] that
probably shouldn't I totally agree with
that and I think we can all agree let's
see it robot lady came out of us the
idea that like we should throw
everything related probably not like a
good idea I completely agree with you
yeah and I think that my attraction to
listen when I listen to Peterson is that
I feel
that when it comes to when it comes to
discussing those issues I think there's
a very big concern like that you know
the spiral of silences yeah it's
something what you're calling it what
you're talking about is called the
chilling effect kind of right is where
like if you make it so that somebody
can't say something nobody's gonna want
to say anything at all or whatever yeah
fear of ostracize it being ostracized
yeah weren't gonna like I think that's
something that really that concerns me
yeah so here's what here's what needs to
be demonstrated so here's the problem in
the United States at least in most West
well I'm not gonna say the United States
and Canada what we've decided is that
there are certain protections that are
worth endowing on certain groups of
people so for instance a bureau are
somebody that owns like a business
you're not allowed to call like if
you've got like a gay employee you can't
like use racial slurs or you can't use
like homophobic slurs against these
types of people right that for gay
employees for black employees for
whatever right there are certain class
of people that we protect in certain
ways does that make sense
yeah yeah and people have also said hey
we should extend this protection to
transgender people as well and that's
totally fine for Peterson to start
crying about things like Oh protected
speech and compelled speech like okay
well as a compelled speech that I'm not
allowed to call like a homosexual
employee like a [ __ ] or whatever is this
something that like does that count as
compelled speech that you're telling me
to afford like and these are kinds of
like the arguments that Peterson hasn't
made you know he'll always just say
something like oh like this is like a
protected or I I don't know I have a
really hard time understanding like how
somebody can get so triggered or so
upset over the fact that like we want to
extend protections to like certain
transgender people or or other classes
for being protected of the workplace or
whatever so give me one second cuz that
what you just said reminded me of I
thought he had a good response to
someone made
that same point I have a video right
here yeah girlfriend yeah we can listen
to the video too if you like me I hate
the [ __ ] title of this video like I
feel that here's my like my personal
stances I've become more and more
progressive and a lot of things and as
I've given up a lot of my older
conservative ideas and I've become more
open to discussing and hearing out other
ideas
is that I think conversation is hard the
biggest thing and it's what we don't
have because there's so much of this
gaucho on both sides owning the lives
I've been screwing the Republicans
whatever I don't like that I think it's
really bad and I think that is one of
the worst things happening right now
that's gonna you know if any problem
comes from everything happening it's
gonna be our unwillingness to talk to
each other without freaking the [ __ ] out
on each other sure and I think that's
where my interpretation of water would
the stuff he has said well yeah and
again like again this is like these are
things were like I can agree like yeah
cool like we should be able to have
other conversations about freaking out
excetera like trying to witch hunted
people career into the ground whatever
but that doesn't mean have to throw out
like every single thing related to like
you know protections of transgender
people right all these things have to be
thrown out because you've also coupled
them in with the other thing right
yeah I'm coming for you next buddy
[ __ ] there needs to be mics in this
goddamn game oh you can't say got me
excited for a second no I thought I
might fun I thought I had an iPhone I
was way too far okay go what would you
like me I sent it to a DM alright I'm
coming
you like this better than pub G yeah
that pump G is like really annoying okay
I'm gonna start playing it ready let me
go yep okay three two one go why do you
feel that someone's personal gender
identity and pronouns infringes your
free speech can one not also argue based
on your interpretation that professors
can use racial slurs in their classroom
and that the inability to do so would
violate their freedom of speech there's
a difference between saying that there's
something you can't say and saying that
there are things that you have to say
and I regard these made-up pronouns all
of them as the neologisms
of radical PC authoritarians do you
understand that and I don't I'm not a
fan of that sort of person and the
reason I'm not a fan of that sort of
person is because I've done my homework
I've read everything I can get my hands
on in the development of authoritarian
political systems and I know the
literature inside out and backwards and
I am NOT going to be a mouthpiece for
language that I detest okay so I'm gonna
pause for a second
yeah that's pretty much the end of that
one yeah so there's kind of like a lot
of baggage that has to be worked through
here so man it's hard because I have to
like we have to go like pretty hard here
I don't know how educated or uneducated
Peterson is in regards to any of these
topics from a philosophical point of
view so how we identify as he or she
these things are personal things and
these things are socially constructed
things okay the idea that we have
categories for male even even in so far
as biology is concerned the idea that
we've categories from a ladies that we
have categories are female these are
value statements that we've made as
humans we've chosen to group some values
together we chosen to identify something
to some man or excetera secretary right
when it comes to how we present
ourselves publicly in terms of male or
female from a we can say a gender right
from a gender point of view these things
are socially constructed categories as
well for evidence of this as much as
people might want to scream at you about
how you know they've got their facts
four genders and sex you don't know the
actual sex of 99% of the people you ever
made you don't actually know if they
have a dick or vagina you don't know if
they've got real boobs if it's
gynecomastia like you don't you just
don't know you can't without like
starting to feel like genetic testing or
like groping people you just can't know
these things we typically address people
in the manner in which they present
themselves like that line up with our
social expectations of how these
categories work like that's just how it
goes
for really good examples of this even
when ben shapiro is trying to
intentionally misgender people like
Bruce Jenner he constantly accidentally
refers to her as a her and he has to
correct himself to refer to her as a he
when he wants to misgender her like he
does this repeatedly which kind of goes
to show you the like we even by default
we kind of like address people by the
pronouns that they they you know present
themselves as the idea that like
somebody can't just say like like you
know I'd want to be addressed as I can
he or she and there's like some problem
with that it's just it's just mystifying
to me
you know we'd largely do this out of
like
means to be like like it's just so they
get it's like it's like a person's name
like it would be like me going up to
like Iran being like I'm not gonna call
you Ben I'm going to call you Benjamin
because that's the scientifically
correct way to refer to you I will not
refer you as Ben or Benny Benjamin is
the sight like it just doesn't make any
sense to like go so hard on something
like that much the same way that if
somebody wants to be referred to as is
she or he or whatever it's okay that's
fine it's just it's just a pronoun
you're not like changing the world or
engaging if some scientific revisionism
or neo post-doctorate Marxist but
modernism whatever [ __ ] to do that
either you know I completely agree so I
do want to say yeah my side I have no
problem like there was a couple years
ago I I really don't like Chelsea
Manning and I refuse to call her just
out of what I felt was like you know
[ __ ] you that really means nothing was
I'm not gonna call her Chelsea and I'm
gonna call it her he I've since changed
on that I don't care okay like I still
think she's a piece of [ __ ] but I say
she sure yeah and so something I've
never heard is what my interpretation of
a lot of this [ __ ] has always been is
that he isn't against it calling a
transgendered woman she it's the Z's or
Zim [ __ ] that he had an issue with yeah
I've not I've heard him talk about like
the 52 pronouns honest to God I can be
more sympathetic towards those arguments
because we're variety reasons but like
do people actually ask for this like how
many people actually push for like the
Z's there's some like non-ironic Twitter
profiles that put it in there okay so
but like aside unlike some crazies like
Twitter
this doesn't seem to be a thing that a
lot of people are actually calling about
Ben Shapiro
he wasn't even born Ben he was born
Benjamin
I refuse to indulge the delusion he
continues to operate under that he
should call himself anything other than
his birth name even if you were to
legally be changing his name okay I'm
sorry um oh yeah no no I I mean I agree
like dessert in the sim and the 50
million pronouns like I think I'd rather
just default to like they are there like
so if somebody wants to be ambiguous or
is ambiguous or doesn't want he or she I
think I would just use like they are
there I don't know how many people
though like seriously push for like like
and so well my understanding anytime
this all comes out and he talks about
these constructs and everything uh-huh
to me what I've understood that's what
he's talking about
well I am I could like I said that could
be wrong but where I take what Peterson
says and think man that is something
that actually concerns me or that I can
kind of agree with is when I feel or not
feel sorry uh-huh don't mean to say that
word what I have believed him to be
talking about are those pronouns
forceful you know forcing compelling
people to use those pronouns and then
when he talks about the radicals behind
it I think of those who are going out of
their way to create as many social
issues as possible and then for those
who commit any crimes against their
progress to ostracize them you know
there's no such thing as moderation you
can't you're either with us against us
those kind of like on one end I want to
believe that that's what he's saying if
he was and I'd be more agreeable but
then like this is such a non-issue like
how many people even push for like CERN
zoom like this is like super rare even
in LGBT communities
is like ultra super rare like and that's
and that's where it's like outside of
just deserves iam I don't really know
how often that's happening it bothers me
though that the government is getting
involved in that
and that's what the government is the
government's always been involved in
protected classes it's one of the things
I regulate so you can't discriminate
against employees or against tenants for
certain classes that we've deemed worthy
of protection absolutely and and I think
they should and it's just a matter of
you know to what extent is it going too
far I know that's ambiguous comment no
that's a fine comment like we can talk
about like what's going too far I don't
think that preventing people from
discriminating against trans people
though I don't think we're anywhere near
the too far thing because we would
always do this weird bogeyman of like
what's going too far but like I don't
know if there's evidence is somebody
going too far I'd love to see it but I
don't think that keeping you from say
don't around trans people is right no
and I agree I agree with that I think
that they should be protected and
obviously I think the anyone taking
legislative steps to ensure that is is a
good sign but like I think for Peterson
didn't he not want he didn't even want
to address like students by their
preferred pronouns right like if they
wanted to be a he or she or whatever I
understand what it was just the Z's or
Zim [ __ ] does anybody about link my
understanding was that he didn't even
want to do the he or she or whatever for
trans people but I could be wrong I
don't or maybe I'm not remembering
correctly it's possible but but okay I
got it so anyway just a really clear for
my point I am like not just a okay
because I know that sounds stupid I am
in support of ensuring that you know
transgender people are protected that
there's there are
abilities for the employers whatever -
to take unfair action against society so
the whole means to shut the [ __ ] up and
and live and let live and yeah so that
that's one make that clarification
because anytime I see a bunch of
highlights of my name in chat I get a
little yeah don't want to end up on
[ __ ] livestream fails anyway okay
yeah so that's that's one of the one of
the things so when I hear things like
that here computers are talking like the
it's not just the Caesars in its the the
people that do go after that do you
maybe that maybe if that's a fun the
extreme they're still slightly lesser
one for every perceived slight where
every attempt to make attempts to make
social turmoil when there has already
been a lot of progress over the years
where there has been improvement in the
both eliza minorities and and these
protected classes i feel there is a
dangerous a very harsh word abuse so
there's a better one but i feel there is
do see it if you look at social media
interactions in the way that yes I would
be really careful not taking flights to
feel like social medias cancer is
because of which hunting ship but that's
not an sjw issue I especially be careful
of who you're talking to right like I
like everybody [ __ ] witch hunts on
[ __ ] social media people on the right
do it just as much you know like we can
pretend that sjw's do it but like people
on the right did it to James to gun on
they did it to [ __ ] there was another
great example too but like this has
happened on the right as well it's like
there are and I agree there are problems
there are huge problems with people that
go like hugely witch hunting on social
media but I don't think it has to do
with cultural Marxism or post-modernism
or transgender people or LGBT stuff I
think that's just like a problem with
social media people having too much
power and no accountability you don't
think that it has to do with like the I
guess the philosophy would be the right
word but the the feelings and the
beliefs behind the actors who know I
think that I think that it's a problem
in and of itself like that when that
people can call people out on social
media and destroy their lives and they
have a lot of power over companies that
do I think that's a problem in and of
itself irregardless of like ideology and
that even if you were to delete like
certain types of ideologies these
problems that still exist so that that's
so that is my my biggest concern overall
like and maybe that's my fault for
conflating the two but in my mind
knowing that both conservatives and
liberals do the same thing just that
behavior in general I feel is wrong yeah
and I feel though that the the source of
a lot of it does come from people that
you know that tribalism us versus them
and people on a certain side using
social media as a method to enact their
beliefs yeah I mean and that's where I
disagree I think that people and I think
that anybody doesn't I don't even think
it's a bold side saying I think it's
just an everything thing if you think
you can witch hunt and destroy
somebody's life on social media I think
people will just do it that's it yeah
and I I think that like it's like that
involved the whole that thought report
or whatever recently we're conservatives
were trying to like hunt down like
boobie streamers that they've claimed
weren't paying taxes or something my god
the one that reported it to the IRS
like this [ __ ] is like everybody else
does it's just bad social media behavior
I don't think that it's like the left or
like certain types of mentalities that
lead to it I think it's just it was
terrible
but it was [ __ ] hilarious at the same
time like in that in a if you take a
moment to really empathize on a on a
personal level and think man that is
horrible and I can't imagine going
through that like I've read accounts of
you know these people who make a lot of
money going through an IRS audit and
it's a terrifying thought and then
there's the part where you step back and
this is gonna actually take me in like
oh nice [ __ ] shot this is gonna take
me back in like two different ways so
there might be more to discuss but one
is the Louie CK right like there are I
never say I was anywhere near profession
but I did amateur stand-up comedy I
studied the craft a lot for a bit it was
just very familiar with a lot of good
material and I had a very I've had a
very strict philosophy of you can't say
what's funny you can say what you
personally don't like but I never under
I never liked the idea behind the idea
of a commentator coming out and saying
you know like when I'm Tracy Morgan said
what was it he made that comment about
stabbing his son if he was gay and that
was years ago right or 2010 Tracy Morgan
um no this isn't the recent one this was
the always a different yeah the [ __ ]
about Kevin right but you're saying a
different person yes yeah so Tracy
Morgan said he would stab his son and
and then he had to apologize and like
you know there's almost a part of me
that's like say hey I'm sorry if you
were upset it was a joke but like where
these apologies get really deep it's
bothersome to me but then he had
what's-her-name the writer for 30 rock
she's in a lot of movies and camera what
her name is but she she came out and she
was a big SNL star and she said she was
also in 30 rock and she said she said
you know like gay people signed his
checks gay people do this and that and
he should be more mindful when he says
I'm like it's a joke you want to like it
your honor that like the phrasing the
format whatever but at the end of the
day it's jóvenes go out there into these
sets and they show up these places and
they do their set and it's unpolished
material like they're just hacking it
away that joke might not have been in
there but let's say in that horrible
format because it was obviously
something that was brand-new in that
horrible format when it was leaked he
didn't intend for a larger audience to
get it it really bothers me that people
are also so up in arms like yes Harris
and other material he made like that's
louis c.k that's the he said yeah I
understand understand let's say that I
made a movie and the movie was all about
like fine like the movie you're the main
character was a person that went through
different schools and he was trying to
find like the best ways to like torture
and then torture murder like
kindergartners and somebody made the
movie do you think a fair criticism of
the movie would be that it was like very
offensive if that was like the whole
point in the movie yeah I guess
offensive I don't know I've never liked
the term offensive sure it's like the
thing it's not like we're some reason
people seem to think that like there's
this weird protection for comedians
we're like well it's comedy therefore
you can't say it's offensive or you
can't say that it's tasteless oh you
can't really I mean comedy every art
like exists within like a greater
cultural context and anything can be
criticized like if I want to get up and
do stand-up and my joke is to just say
you know like the n-word like 50 million
times and then someone's like well
that's kind of offensive you're like
dude it's comedy like I don't think
that's a good defense ever you know you
can simultaneously say like yeah it's
you know it's humor it's offensive over
Bob you know and it's a joke but like
you can still say like okay well it's
still like offensive or tasteless or
whatever no
oh yeah I agree
give me one second I got my charger can
you hear me yeah I can hear
don't have it he said sorry I have to
run downstairs grandma shoot
okay so I completely agree with you like
I don't think that comedians are a
protected class I don't mean that in a
joking way I mean you don't think that
what they're they're not above criticism
oh yes yes I think that's like the thing
is just like a like I have this joke
because I kind of shudder like this drug
is like punching down our mother yeah
and and I like yeah you know I even
heard no other comedians saying like
yeah he was punching down someone on
like I think my issue is that I saw a
lot of commentary that was like the I
know you shouldn't read YouTube comments
or like a lot of Twitter a lot of
different things that you have a large
group of people saying I hate Twitter
says articles so I know that it's not a
sample of everyone right yeah sure but
there seem to be a lot of unfair outrage
about it yeah I'm and again like I'm
gonna be like really careful here and I
don't want to make this sound like a
cop-out every time you talk a bit like
outrage culture I'm 100% going to agree
with you I think it's insanely [ __ ]
cancerous how insanely [ __ ] outraged
people get about everything like I'm
gonna yeah I'm always going to agree
with you there
and so my assume I thought there is
those is that a sign like the way people
reacted to that it feels like there is a
suppressive expect
there's a festive aspect to the way
society is moving I shot this guy like
15 times Jesus
oh that end what the [ __ ] do you drop a
grenade after you killed I think the
these grenades are like sticky grenades
I feel like I shot this guy like 15
times holy [ __ ]
sorry okay but go ahead oh yeah so I
feel like that the outraged culture is
indicative of the way society is moving
and I have a concern I try to not be
like I would love for someone to come in
and say Jared feel this way because it's
gonna be okay
things are gonna even out etc but I feel
like every year it gets more and more
systemic way that people are afraid to
speak out are against it are afraid to
offend and and I do believe it's shaping
how we interact with each other how how
we interact with as a society how
organizations interact with consumers
and I don't feel that it is a good
direction because I feel that it stifles
a lot of thought and it's very
constricting and I don't and it's one of
those things where I feel that it's like
a attacks and maybe attacks is wrong
thing but it's like the government
saying hey we're gonna levy this against
you you know against the people in it or
we're gonna make this law and and once
you guys once you get to that point it's
harder to roll it back then you know if
it had been killed you know on the floor
right okay so yeah no I understand what
you're saying um and again like I'm
going to UM I'm gonna all agree with you
about the outrage culture stuff like I
think it's a little bit ridiculous how
crazy people get about like trying to
like destroy me right disagree with hold
on any of us know something you have no
idea about you won't use my pronouns so
I'm pretty sure you're my enemy yes yeah
well yeah I know you think that but I
don't believe it using your pronouns is
going to do you any good in the long run
I think it'll do quite the contrary
matter medically like you already know
other people are valid in the Americas
it's not smoke okay well I don't know
genuine Christian I look I think that's
what's happening is that we're pushing
over from the stator for the open market
so you benign housing like meteorites
from the house like everybody else and
they said no they said no you're trans
that's not true that's not sure well I
shouldn't be I shouldn't speak about in
Canada but in the United States is not
true that you can just deny housing for
any reason in the United States is it
the is it the fair [ __ ] is it the Fair
Housing Act yeah you cannot discriminate
against people or certain things um like
you can't discriminating somebody for
familial status
I don't remember sexualities included
gender can't be discriminated against
like technically on Craigslist
technically on Craigslist where's Apple
is I think everyone here like you
actually aren't allowed to put ads that
say things like hey looking for roommate
female only like technical yeah he's not
yeah against the law yeah okay yeah and
it is the same in Canada I thought it
was the same can i but I don't I just to
be careful but yeah okay sorry okay
sorry go ahead
oh so oh so what you were you were
saying the I know you agree with
outraged culture part and I guess my
concern
overall with it though is like not just
to say hey do you agree with me on this
but it's more I mean so what does that
indicate for the way that we're we're
heading you know when we people say you
all we couldn't make that movie nowadays
you couldn't make that joke nowadays etc
that's a bothersome thing doing but in
other ways it's good we kind of have to
like get into like a deeper philosophy
thing here or not I guess like maybe
like life goals like here's one of the
things that I look at here's something
that's really [ __ ] hard this is so
[ __ ] hard to do is to break away from
things that have been norms for so long
it is so [ __ ] hard if you would have
talked to me ten years ago and told me
that like you know you can't use [ __ ]
as an insult anymore
that's like inconceivable to me like I
couldn't even imagine trying to make fun
of people or trying to in some people
without using that as an insult because
there's like literally like every other
[ __ ] word on my mouth right if you
played RTS like it was the same for you
as well
right like these things are very hard to
break away from but now like 10 years
later right like I pretty much never say
it or very very very rarely that one
time I got bad it's very very rare but
also like I've even gone like it step
farther where I don't call people like
[ __ ] or autistic or anything as well
like and I've almost completely hold on
I've almost like completely gotten rid
of this type of stuff is as well where
where if you pay attention myself
recently it's very rare that I'll even
make fun of people for like physical
appearance I'm trying really hard not
not to like lean into people for being
fat unless I'm like specifically talking
like Greek or somebody right or like
general insults against help the way
that people look or journal insults
against like you know this president
[ __ ] or autistic I generally don't
say these things anymore either
and now that I'm kind of like more
comfortable with that I don't think it's
as big a deal like it like on one hand
it seems like hey like man in this
current world I can't call somebody like
a [ __ ] ass be dumb [ __ ] or whatever
but then like on another hand it's like
okay that's true but I don't know if
I've necessarily lost much there right
because I mean like at the end of the
day you know I had another word that I
could install people with I've kind of
lost that but I mean I'm not really
losing that much you know like I don't
think I've lost like it's some
indispensable part of my life or
something you know so I agree with you I
so I used to say the N word all the time
because you yeah that's right
no oh you did it oh you just said okay
okay like I in like a non racially yeah
let's not gonna that but I know I know
what you mean I know German you know
what I mean right yes yeah and so I've
always argued intent matters more than
the word and I I feel that it takes more
intellectual honesty and and maturity to
discuss as a community as a society you
know how a word should be taken then it
does to just say no don't say it I mean
like while that he's mine is the same
don't say it yeah well the problem is it
gets really [ __ ] hard hello
let me at him like oh god I act
something kid of it do know what's up
buddy hey there's somebody matches where
the frigid didn't happen don't worry I
got one so the problem is that it
becomes almost impossible to separate
out the initial intent of a word versus
like how you currently intend it or like
the social connotations onward so like
for instance let's say that you lost
let's say that you lost every Starcraft
match it was like late Mike like second
time doing new O's oh my god
what I'm not that don't worry buddy
we're just gonna drop at the asylum and
we're gonna kill everybody it'll be lots
of fun touring asylum okay yep get up
you can get up there I believe in you
let's say that you lost every Starcraft
match you ever played and let's say that
also like in real life let's say that
you were like a really small person
let's say you're like 5 2 and you like
can't even like lift your arms above
your head cuz you're so weak right let's
say that let's say that in the Starcraft
community let's say that a new insult
kind of developed for people that were
kind of like losers and we're very small
and weak and we call them likens right
got it
so like even though over the course of
like 10 years you know maybe like people
call people likens and they don't even
know where the word came from so it's
kind of divorced from it I mean you
would still have your feel kind of
shitty right I mean if you have her if
you hurt somebody or drove right refer
to like as a lichen or some [ __ ] like I
would still kind of make you feel like a
little shitty right mm-hmm yeah and I
think a lot of people here I don't know
if those skills translated
talking hot someone thank you the the
problem is that like we run into the
same issue with like with words like
[ __ ] right we're like even though we
kind of we pretend that like a lot of
these um a lot of these words like that
doesn't mean that you hate gay people
that has nothing to do with like being
anti-gay or whatever but the reality is
is that like for a long time anything
associated with being gay is literally
like bad you know there's another like
that's literally like the insult isn't
it like one you're gay and and that's
where initially the word got it's kind
of like edge from and you kind of hear
this even like in the way that people
kind of like saying cuz like they'll
pair it along with calling you like weak
or a [ __ ] or whatever which are all
kind of ways that people used to make
fun of gay people as well so even if you
don't mean the word in a homophobic way
it becomes like really hard to divorce
that word from the initial kind of um
from the initial kind of way that it
word originated does that make sense I'm
sorry
absolutely and I think that that's
that's been part of the reason why I'm
okay with you know dropping it from our
from my vernacular is that it's not
necessary yeah it's kind of like the
whole news it's kind of like the whole
thing was like well why was it ever an
insult in the first place well because
being gay is bad lol like that's
literally of it here the joke doesn't
sound like you're gay loll like that's
my bad period you know and it's yeah and
I think my I think my quick defense
before I decided to stop using these
words I think my always my quick defense
was was or my desire to bulk at the at
the change is that I didn't like the way
is being forced I thought that spiral
take umbrage with that kind of you know
for social change and then just the idea
that you know I'm like I'm not using it
in the mean way I don't mean it that way
and that was the it took a lot to get
over that yeah and I agree with that the
one that I'm still hung up on is [ __ ]
because we use idiot we use [ __ ] we use
all these other medically definable
terms to literally mean those medically
definable reasons or conditions in a
person who obviously doesn't suffer from
that so you say you're an idiot you're a
[ __ ] like you're being mean you can say
jokingly or you could say it mean like
you are a [ __ ] idiot
mmm-hmm you mean that with the same is
intensity is saying you are [ __ ]
right sure but at the end of the day
[ __ ] is where is it because over time
it evolved and from this distance would
the next one used [ __ ] etc and now
we're on [ __ ] book because we're in
this age of social progress retards the
one that people like do not say it and
then some people with some will say you
realize you're arguing for the use of
the word [ __ ] right and then they'll
show you that letter from that that kid
who you know has Down syndrome and
talking about how it makes him feel and
then you're like well man I'm not
inhuman that way yes emotionally I guess
like the way that I kind of look at this
is like when I'm insulting people now
I'm trying to not cast a net that's
wider than what I want it to be like if
I'm gonna make fun of somebody I want it
to be like I guess like I'm trying to
pick things that I I want you to be bad
because of these particular things that
I'm making fun of you so if I'm making
fun of somebody from being a Republican
it's because I think that being a
Republican is bad
by making funny be for being a
conservative or being a pro Trump voter
for being like whatever some [ __ ] like
this like I'm okay with those properties
with every single person that identifies
what those properties is being consulted
when we talk about things like [ __ ]
or autistic or whatever like there might
be somebody with Down syndrome
that watches my scream or plays video
games or somebody with autism that you
know as a fan or whatever and it's like
ah this like what a [ __ ] ass beat
[ __ ] you know that's like I feel like
those kinds of people like it just kind
of feels like kind of shitty like Oh
like I guess like lol he's autistic well
like I'm autistic too but I don't think
you hate me right like and it's just one
of those things words like I'm casting
like when I use a word like autistic or
[ __ ] in a derogatory manner like I'm
casting a really wide net and I'm
catching people in that net that I don't
necessarily want to because it's not
technically like anything like horrible
about being an Aspie or being a retarder
or a downy or whatever down syndrome I
shouldn't say it down right like stuff
like that you know absolutely and and
that's why I don't say it now it was
like I get that and there's still that
part of me that's like don't mean it
that way but I'm it yeah I think I also
take a an issue with the logical
arguments about it
like the way you just articulated
yourself and the idea behind it like who
with that isn't out of they're going out
of their way to be upset who can listen
to that and say yeah but you're just
being a little [ __ ] ya know and I
understand the articulation is important
too like because I this is this isn't
saying this is why it took me so long to
change to is because people that would
attack me over it I would use your same
defense like well hold on like I don't
intend to be homophobic I'm not home
about and I don't hate gay people I
really don't ever since I'm 1617 since I
saw being a conservative I don't hate
gay people so like how can you sit here
and call me homophobic and I found that
like a really good change in language
especially when it comes to using
certain types of insults is rather than
calling people homophobic or rather than
saying they hate gays it's rather more
the idea that like hey when you do these
types of things whether you want to or
not you kind of spread homophobia like
even if you're not homophobic yourself
like this it just kind of the effects of
what happens and I think that's like a
more meaningful I think that's a real
word way of like presenting things or
agreeable maybe yeah like okay sure like
and I can get on board with that where
it's like yeah even if I'm not
homophobic by saying certain words or
doing certain things I can perpetuate
homophobia and now the court now the
balls in my court like do I think that
my ability to insult somebody a certain
way is worth me spreading homophobia
right and that's kind of what I have to
consider absolutely I mean you can
disagree with that you can say like well
no I think that you know even if I
spread homophobia
I don't care I want to be able to sell
like and that's an argument oh yeah yeah
I mean I would say that sure I still
call myself you know I think that if I
take a moment to really evaluate I'm
probably a liberal if not at least a
libertarian ensuring you know it's
annoying is like years ago libertarian
was looking to be right it was the edgy
thing to be but you know I didn't know
so where's the edginess come from like
maybe you can explain this to me because
to me libertarians were very limited
government they were they were they
didn't care if you were
libertarian was basically the position
of like average middle-class white kid
who who really hated the government but
wants to be able to smoke weed so they
call themselves like elaborate Iran
right like I don't really care about
poor people that much but I really want
the government to [ __ ] off when it comes
to smoking food and that was like I
guess I never just got that I never got
that image of them and because of that
when recently seeing people in the
threads say make libertarian jokes I was
like wait a second I thought
libertarians were like pretty neutral
with everyone but anyway that's Dee
railing so all that talk leading me to
this I saw the Gillette ad and I saw
your podcast the other day about the
Gillette ad I think an issue I have is
that no one can come in and have
commentary about it without and again I
hate Twitter says but without people
making those comments like look at all
the people in this thread this is
exactly why this ad is saying if you
have a problem with someone saying hey
be decent men obviously you're a part of
the problem with a butter knife I feel
that that's dismissive and and just
because there's criticism being levied
doesn't mean that you can just label
yeah you should you can you should be
able to tackle the criticism head-on I
agree yeah and so with the with the July
had your chat got triggered when I said
this word so I'm gonna assume that you
have a history with this word
I don't like generalizations okay and I
don't like the idea that you know that
doesn't mean that you know I heard this
on the radio with you this example the
other day if I if I am in a room with
ten people and I'm like I know seven
them are being pieces of [ __ ] and I walk
out and I says someone I don't like
those [ __ ] three three people just
got lumped in unfairly
with the other seven right and that
wasn't wrong but if someone takes a
quick minute and be like all of them
like no no just give these seven people
were being dicks oh okay got it and I
don't what f of the seven people what if
seven of them were what a five of them
were being dicks but the other five
weren't saying anything about it or they
were kind of like implicitly approving
it by being silent when the other people
were dicks and I and I think that if all
of them were doing it there's two
different arguments to be made one you
five stop being pieces of [ __ ] you five
have some you know intestinal fortitude
and when you see someone being that way
do something about it I don't think that
they should then have to go out and
write statements to show the world of
the arrow distancing themselves from
those other five individuals I think you
should be able to get a fair shake
without having to do that but I do think
that yeah people should speed up
anything I was in the I was in chat the
other day know like I have not heard a
lot of racism and csgo I for about two
months I pulled on
wish me luck okay good luck I'm getting
inspired guys
okay that guy well I want to see if
happen
no nice anyway so I played csgo for like
two months and I was playing it like 10
games a day maybe more and so what was
the oh oh yeah so I didn't really hear
anything races and I actually had fun
first I could do it I had a lot of a lot
of female players play like there was
two incidents though where guys were
being racist and there was a dude with
the Mexican accident and there was and
there was a dude from Korea or something
like that so both of the guys I think
we're like making accents for just
giving them [ __ ] and telling him to
speak American right okay and I was
wrong and I spoke up and said hey don't
[ __ ] do that but not everyone's gonna
going to do that right mm-hmm but the
points I'm getting up there is yeah
someone should you know it makes the
world a better place when you know I bet
that guy felt a little better hearing
someone you know because the guy stopped
after that I'm sure that might have made
him made him feel a little better maybe
it made him upset that someone had to
stick up for him I don't know but I'm
gonna hope that it was a positive
outcome but the other is the fact that
I'm not hearing it that much like I saw
/or make a tweet a couple months ago in
the middle of me going through this you
know binge of playing where he's talking
about every game there's someone making
you know saying the N word I'm like I'm
not hearing this what the [ __ ] sample
size like is the is the use of the
n-word equivalent with higher ranked
play because I'm not hearing this [ __ ]
and so it's like I don't like the idea
of it being trumped up yeah sure is
known and I'm sure that like the online
comps have probably gotten better and so
that yeah go ahead and so with this ad
it's just the idea that I should be able
to as just a human being with cognitive
ability look at the ad and say hmm I
feel it was pandering I feel that it was
poorly done I feel that it does in a
negative way make all men sound bad and
and then someone who did
say why do you feel that way and I say
well in this scene they do XY and Z or
just throughout the entire ad they do
this to generate an idea which overall I
can appreciate but at the same time it
can be upsetting when you're not one of
those guys when a lot of guys you know
aren't those guys I guess like I could
be wrong but I feel like if you're not
one of those guys is in the ad kind of
like being nice to you like isn't it
telling you to like lead by example and
[ __ ] and like shouldn't you see yourself
as one of the people leading by example
then that's an interesting way to think
about it I'm gonna have to rewatch the
end and see how it feels I mean that's
kind of like that's kind of one of the
things I did was like telling men to
lead by example and whatnot do i my
brawler on guys I don't think I do
this brawler just make your melee harder
it makes it broken oh is that how you
one shot that guy yeah all right hold on
hey liken how come you don't complain
about the culture of rot rate from
talking about the response to gillette
that's what we're talking about unless
you're talking about the other side oh
wait I don't know actually which side
you're talking about I'm talking about
both sides right now yes what the [ __ ]
was just shooting me up here maybe the
other house holy [ __ ] I'm so [ __ ]
confused
okay I'm sorry are you not allowed to
see both sides man things that get
reactions from your chat Oh both sides
is usually used in a really dumb way but
I mean you're oh you mean like that
Trump meme from Charlotte
I assume kind I don't know yeah that's
like one way of it like I just said
there's insane reaction from both sides
uh-huh they're they're people who are
you know overly offended by it and then
there are people who are being really
stupid about those that are offended by
it
and I think that's I take umbrage with
both sides I think that and but that's
my issues that I think there should be
AI think there is I don't think that
that ad is without criticism no there's
definitely criticism that can be made
sure but I mean if you get like super
upset an ad basically telling you to
like you know be a man and stand up and
don't leave I'm gonna get away with
Chitti things I mean like if you're
getting like really upset about this I
would be kind of suspect I guess I agree
and in yes chat I am one of you I don't
mean it offensively I just mean when I'm
on the headphones I become part of
Stephen you
this [ __ ] game okay sorry acute gun
yeah you were talking about joining
Peterson you said that um you haven't
seen anything too horrible from him you
don't think there's these fascists or
communists that are like trying to take
over everything right yeah and that's
not how and that's also just not how
I've interpreted his what he said like
it's just that there is though like this
you're right did you hear about that
hoax the the Peterson or Paul something
I care about his name
they wrote those fake papers about
grievance studies and I got published in
some journal or whatever some shitty
Journal a lot of journals dad I think
they have like they wrote something like
25 papers I think I can or a hundred
papers they wrote an absurd number of
papers and a bunch of them got published
and are we talking to today whatever his
step is before publishing I thought
these were polishing like a couple
journals that were kind of shitty these
didn't like make like massive I I could
be wrong but um so I could be wrong too
but my understanding is they were
published in several journals and some
of them were like the real [ __ ] SJW
style yeah they like me the occasion and
then some of them were in journals of
moderate prestige but if anyone
Chatwin's correct
either way I think that what I'm doing
out that everything else that we've
discussed is just I worry about a trend
in social politics that is going to be
very the wit that will be repressive in
the long run with people who don't share
a certain line of thought and I know I
hate before Welling references but I
worry about that like there's gonna be a
time where it's like well you can't
think like that or you can't have that
idea here's your life's ruined or going
to jail yeah and I guess it depends on
the type of thought we're talking about
like every time I people that are like
super race it's a super ohanian fault I
don't know if I necessarily mind like
socially uh-oh yeah but it's the people
mislabelling that's fine where is it
yeah I guess like if I started to see
like a lot of that I would get worried I
mean I get worried on the way that a lot
of love people like kind of like label
intentions of other people that kind of
worries me but I don't see people like
making stuff so for these people in jail
or anything but I do agree that like 10
generally related like the average
culture should is a completely [ __ ]
cancerous right and
and drops the money for that
oh yeah I love you buddy - cackling are
you - man good luck tonight
yep ceiling
[Music]
