a shepherd brought someone back to your
apartment of [ __ ] no what the [ __ ] I
might end up starting with the cop here
oh boy I don't know if I was flagged or
what but it was really [ __ ] scary
holy [ __ ] I almost [ __ ] lost my mind
have you considered stockpiling a
strategic arsenal of antique [ __ ]
insults when people talk about Molina
the one you hit stick with is really
good um I don't even remember what I
said that's a really hard one most
people could never fathom doing like
open relationships or whatever like it's
it's I don't think like I don't think
it's like a quick way that you can like
win an army an apology for calling me a
commie it's pretty easy to like throw
out that cut line and I don't know if
there's a good good con if there's like
a good counter do you think you're
superior for doing over religions no
what the [ __ ] I mean anybody can do what
kind of relationship they want you could
probably throw back something like my
girlfriend lets me [ __ ] your mom type of
meme how do you not get jealous though
cuz I don't give a [ __ ] why would I get
jealous [ __ ] it I think I have some
buddies with me I mean it's because they
want to be with me if somebody wants to
[ __ ] off and go be with another dude
maybe with another dude but if somebody
else to [ __ ] somebody else not give a
[ __ ] I want to [ __ ] other people too so
all good for me baby
I sure ever brought someone back to your
apartment of [ __ ] no what the [ __ ] we
don't bring people back to like way
unless we don't like a threesome or
simcha but we're not gonna [ __ ] like
go upstairs now what the [ __ ] that's
weirdest [ __ ] usually the way that it
works out is usually like we try to tell
each other in advance if we have plans
with somebody else and then we felt like
we both have plans to go out that night
with somebody else generally but STDs if
I can get tested what the [ __ ] do you
see others more than her or vice versa
we typically try to make it so that like
if we if one of us leaves the other
leaves like I don't think we've done it
yet we're like one person leaves and
then the other person who just like at
home generally why would it matter um I
don't know it I think it'd probably feel
kind of shitty to get like left home
alone if you're like significant others
going out and like sleeping over
somebody else's places he usually just
works not better for both of us to do
what I think you guys go to swinger
parties no I've heard like if he things
about like [ __ ] around it like
swinger parties I don't know I don't
know if I could do that or if I'd want
to do that I'm not sure there's you
think that could be a problem with power
dynamics of relationships if one person
can get someone else to [ __ ] way using
the other I mean like I've heard people
say that before well thanks ROG
I wanted to go downstairs and get your
Polly I'm so hungry [ __ ] me but like um
I mean like if two people agree to do an
old relationship and one person usually
the girl if she can get more people to
[ __ ] then the guy can as long as the
guys cool with it it's whatever I don't
really care obviously for our
relationship both of us have access to a
lot of people said that's not really we
don't have to worry about like that kind
of like one-sided thing you not get
worried about STDs you could use
protection sure I mean we try to get
tested after like partners or whatever
like I just did mine like a week or two
ago I mean like if something comes up
and you go and get [ __ ] antibiotics
for it or whatever I mean it's not like
a huge deal but um I mean it's not like
we're both sleeping with like hundreds
of [ __ ] people
how long is an STD test take is it just
blood x-direction for something like
syphilis or no I'm sorry actually I
don't know anything about syphilis for
something like gonorrhea or chlamydia
you can usually pee in a cup for those
and you can get results back in a few
days and then the treatment for that can
take anywhere from one day to a week
depending on the kind of treatment for I
don't know how you test for like
syphilis
and then 4-h or HPV HPV right um or no
HSV is herpes you have to do a blood
test a blood draw
do you see our attitude towards
relationships as a positive or just a
neutral thing I don't any whatever
relationship works the best for you
melina would leave you for a monogamous
relationship with her son in a heartbeat
nice what happened to Max are they not
together anymore yeah they are I don't
know why people assume that they aren't
I mean like she's in Sweden right now I
don't know she's hanging out with him
right now but people like project like a
lot of really weird cocky [ __ ] on to max
because they see themselves as like Hux
or some [ __ ] it's a really [ __ ]
awkward do I have herpes I actually
don't somehow
I don't think I would care if I had it
on my genital or the face it doesn't
seem that bad I thought I had it at
about a year ago I mean maybe I dunno
but I thought I had it a year ago but I
got blood tested I don't have I don't
have HSV 1 or 2 which was really weird
to me because apparently like 80% of
people have it but I don't think herpes
is that big of a deal when I thought I
had it I did a [ __ ] ton of I did a [ __ ]
ton of research because I thought I
think it was like a year ago I would
like thought I had herpes and I did a
ton of research and honestly it didn't
it didn't actually seem that bad after
looking into it but then I did the blood
draw and I don't have it so
least desirable STD I think chlamydia
and gonorrhea are can both be pretty bad
if you leave them untreated for women
they can go into costs of your problems
for men too I think they can make you
like um infertile I think in men and
then for women it can cause like pelvic
inflammatory disease PID I think and
other stuff
HIV is pretty bad too but that's pretty
rare in the Western we're all getting
HIV especially for straight people is
really rare chlamydia is like a cold for
your dick um for chlamydia half the
people that have it don't even have
symptoms actually we had threesomes sure
but no no male male female ones yeah
I'll let you know what I do okay Michael
oh wait is it hold on sounds are you on
prep to protect against HIV no but I saw
you could do it but I like I think if I
did Oh should I am I think if I did like
a lot of gay [ __ ] maybe or like anal sex
anal sex between men seems to be the
easiest way to transfer HIV but like
from across straight people HIV seems to
be pretty not that common in the u.s. I
don't know we could look it up more but
why would you not want to go to swinger
parties I mean I I mean I'm kind of sort
of picky about who I would want to be
with in real life I don't think I just
want to walk into a room full of like
ten people and see them all naked and
like [ __ ] ground ball I'm like I don't
know if I would drive well with all of
them or I might even want to be sexually
interacted with all of them I'm not sure
you notice that there are words in
twitch chat I think you are the one
being cooked with Molina and he's gonna
I don't give a [ __ ] what if it was like
a super sexy exclusive swinger party
then I probably wouldn't be invited to
it this is clip of reckful and the he
kiss you girl
go on you role play it dude
like like put on a strap-on okay oh
sorry destiny do you know why anal sex
seems to transfer it more it's something
about anal that increases the chances or
is it just something like they are less
likely to use condoms
I think [ __ ] okay don't come in this but
I think like things like HIV transfer
more easily through your blood so that I
think this is one of the reasons why if
you have a foreskin for instance it's
easier for you to to contract HIV than
without and then same thing with your
with your ass right because your anal
cavity if you [ __ ] people you're not
really supposed to be taking dick in
there and there's a much more likely
chance that they're like micro-tears and
[ __ ] that make it easier for like the
transfer of diseases that are
blood-borne to happen I'm pretty sure
that's why so like they're the micro
terrors and [ __ ] inside of an ass are
gonna be a lot more substantial than
like I said of a vagina
it's said that men transfer easier than
women I believe that if a man is a
foreskin and you have sex that foreskins
are more likely to have micro tears as
well that will also transfer blood-borne
STDs
I picked in your hand as you're feeling
- put it down put it down you're being
detained
I couldn't help I noticed you just
sitting on the patio out there I
couldn't help but notice you're sitting
on the patio behind this building yeah
yeah and there's the signs for no
trespassing private property that kind
of thing yeah I wasn't sure what you're
doing if you lived here you worked here
it looks like you're working doing
something stuff oh okay gotcha what's
the actual address
[Applause]
well I'm just checking to make sure that
you have a right to beer that's I just
sold it well I got to verify it just so
I know that that you do in fact live
here if you have an ID with your address
on it that'd be great well we've had
some stuff going on in this area I'm
just doing my job just making sure you
belong here and if you do then great and
I'll be on my way okay is they do you
have anything with your address on it
[Applause]
I'm just asking if you have something
with your address on it then that that
would help a lot of people have a
hmm [ __ ] I might end up signing with the
cop here oh boy
police officer can ask you anything that
they want now you don't have to tell
them but a police officer can ask you
whatever they want please I was coming
to say like hey what's your name date of
birth what do you do for work who was
the last person you [ __ ] if they want
to now you can tell him hey [ __ ] off I
don't want to answer anything but a cop
can ask whatever the [ __ ] they want just
gonna he asks you something does when
you have to answer though to keep that
oh man
it's on this path then can I get your
date of birth please
why
I just need to verify who we are that
you belong here they never meant to be
[Applause]
can you have a seat please
mr. X
mr. Atkinson right now you're
obstructing a police officer which is a
jailable offense I'm asking you one more
time to sit down spooky music okay
unless the police officer has burrs
unless one the police officer suspect is
suspicious of him committing a crime so
he's seen it firsthand or two somebodies
called in and given a description that
matches him and that says he's
committing a crime there is no [ __ ]
reason why a cop can ever tell you like
hey you need to sit down you need to
comply like you're obstructing me
obstructing what like are you detaining
him like is he is he action under
suspicion of committing a crime this is
[ __ ] that's not true many states
have stopped on ID laws we don't need
probable cause wait can you link that my
understanding is that you never have to
give a cop an ID one at one exception to
this can be like if you're driving
because driving is a privilege and it's
like a different thing a cop can pull
you over and ask for an ID but I don't
think I don't think a cop can just walk
up on the street and be like hey show me
your ID and I have to show it can [ __ ]
that [ __ ] why the [ __ ] should I have to
show my ID to a [ __ ] cop all they
need is reasonable suspicion to detain
you yeah but that reasonable suspicion
means that you're they're suspicious of
you being like having committed a crime
or that they've gotten a call will you
match a description they can't just see
you and be like oh you look shifty like
let's talk
[Applause]
last chance sir have a seat
hmm now what I'm not sure is if you're
in an area and there's a no trespassing
sign and a cop sees you I don't know if
a cop has are right there to demand that
you show an ID to prove that you live
there I don't know what um I don't know
how that would work actually I'm not
sure right now entertaining you and
investigating your first trespass sit
down sit down
have a seat please drop that put that
down put that down you need to listen to
what I'm telling it out now I now do it
now I'm detainee investigate sit down
and I'll confirm it sit down now sit
down then you're probably gonna get
taste and cuz you have a weapon put that
now put it down and comply with my
orders it's filming right now I need to
confirm he's on a sidewalk which is
public that is absolutely not true just
because there's a sidewalk doesn't mean
it's public what the [ __ ] now trash
shooters 100 cent being a dumbass here
yeah trash guy so your response is your
intelligent responses are am I being
detained
sounds like the cop is tinium if you are
being detained then you you can say like
well arrest me or whatever I want a
lawyer to talk to you or you can show
him the ID once an officer says that he
is detaining you you don't want to [ __ ]
with them at that point because you're
gonna get [ __ ]
you're they're gonna taste a shot or
some [ __ ]
they're on the way you have a dangerous
object in your hand and you're failing
to put it down put it down you're being
detained very easy to say as a white
male no I'm telling you as if you were a
black male I could get away with this
because I'm not gonna get [ __ ] shot
by the cops cuz I am a white male I
would say is a black male you're
probably better off complying then
talking [ __ ] to a cop is gonna [ __ ]
kill you but you know hey man you agree
then he might be tired of dealing with
cops suspicion decide to make this case
a form of outcry yeah I mean you could
have you feel like it's worth dying over
I guess sure you are legally allowed to
resist detainment if it's unlawful right
um I mean you might be able yeah I mean
I guess if you like go to court with it
you could try to win it in court
I just don't think it's worth like
risking your life over something like
this I mean I'd rather like just [ __ ]
cooperate get a lawyer and go to court
later with it if you want to see the
state or the city or whatever over [ __ ]
like this I don't think it's worth
risking your life over it but I mean Oh
[Music]
drop it now
just drop it we're not going anywhere
you need to drop it we I haven't
confirmed that yet I told you I'm
investigating a trespass you didn't give
me your address that's the first time I
have a seat one thing that American cops
are I don't know if it's because of our
gun culture what one thing the American
cops suck at though as American cops
escalate the [ __ ] out of situations like
this guy was like probably a little
irritated but like fairly chill in the
beginning but dude cops will [ __ ]
like ratchet things up to like a [ __ ]
11 and a 10 over nothing it's insane hey
listen they agitate like a [ __ ]
it's crazy why do you think the cop
started picking on him in the first
place this seems incredibly racist it
could've been for any numbers we don't
know the cop might have gotten a call
from somebody and he matches the
description of somebody that maybe
somebody called in and complained maybe
they were racist or maybe was
legitimately just like a like a like a
like somebody called in it's like oh I
don't know I'm kind of nervous I see
some dude outside maybe the cop wandered
by and saw that I don't know if you can
ask somebody for an ID if you see them
in an area that says no trespassing and
they say they live there I don't know
what the rules are on that I'm not sure
but like but this guy this dude is
acting like suicidal holy [ __ ] this
guy's acting so [ __ ] stupid in this
situation I don't like I'm surprised you
didn't get [ __ ] shot Dan you don't
want to like freak the [ __ ] out over
something this stupid yeah I don't know
[Music]
you know that he works for a super works
that help us out here
- do you work for Naropa
I was just one of your properties during
your absolutely okay so he is a
contractor he goes to the reporters or
if he's our student student and his
student work steady okay yeah so he has
permission to be here yes we should be
doing whatever he's doing you're
absolutely s picking up trash okay boss
nice clean okay if you wouldn't mind
just talking to him real quick just to
kind of try to come down if that's all
it is we're in a one-way event okay we
just never here and talk to know when
it's coming for a ball talk to that
officer okay why would he get shot are
they allowed to shoot him without him
attacking them it's not about who's
allowed and I'm just in terms of like
maximizing or survival if you're a black
dude talking to a [ __ ] white American
cops and you've got a [ __ ] stick in
your hand you're waving around like
screaming at him [ __ ] dude I don't know
I would be scared as [ __ ] maybe I've
watched too many internet videos or
whatever but I'd be scared as [ __ ] these
[ __ ] are about to execute me
what I mean you're irritated right now
as understandably and we don't want it
to go worse than just hang tight right
there good
[Applause]
so yes
[Applause]
witches was initially the reason I
contacted along with the object that you
had just when you're pulling it around
what was it
[Applause]
you want to go home right now if you
want to
[Applause]
nice
[Music]
I'd say to point out videos like this so
the black eye is doing the right thing
even though he might be running a risk
of being a martyr the guy even well I
mean the know the black no the book no
no no no no no the black guys are doing
the right thing at all it's never right
to start screaming and [ __ ] Wilin out
because you're pissed off that a cop is
violating your rights like technically
like the the right thing if you really
feel like you're getting [ __ ] here is
to sit down and be like all right if I
can arrest me I'm gonna get a lawyer if
that's what you want to do but like like
you like starting to get agitated and
[ __ ] like this is not good for survival
and it doesn't get you anymore unless
your goal is to get shot and killed and
then have like your news story go big or
whatever but but like walking around and
like screaming when you got like six
cops like this looks like every cop
suicide video I've ever [ __ ] seen my
life you can't do anything in court for
what happened here right I mean you
might be able to I mean if you get
arrested and you're gonna learn you feel
like it was four they didn't have
probable cause to arrest you I think you
could something that good I think people
get really pissed off and act
irrationally well yeah so like this is
one of the responsibilities that you
have as a gun owner and it should be a
responsibility you have as a cop if you
so this is the reason why I am opposed
to open carry as opposed to concealed
carry when you open carry people are
going to be uncomfortable around you and
if you're carrying a firearm the last
thing you want to be able to be
uncomfortable under you don't people to
be jittery you don't people to be
nervous you want people to be eyeballing
you because it makes you uncomfortable
and that you just don't want that if you
have a firearm in you you don't want
everybody to be [ __ ] worried and [ __ ]
that shit's gonna happen right so you
hide it police officers should be aware
of that as well that just their presence
might cause some people to get agitated
and your goal should always be to like
get everybody to [ __ ] chill out
that's usually why when cops talk to you
or at least to white people like they're
usually trying to like the ESCO like hey
do you like show like I'm just here to
see what's going on like I'm just here
finding out what's going on or whatever
it almost sounded like the cop almost
did that in the beginning but this guy
got here today I don't know it's kind of
harder because you've got like the
dramatic like the dramatic music playing
but like
I couldn't now might notice you just
sitting on the patio out there I
couldn't help but notice you're sitting
on the patio behind this building yeah
yeah I mean there's the signs for no
trespassing private property that kind
of thing yeah I wasn't sure what you're
doing if you live here you work here it
looks like you're working doing
something okay gotcha what's the actual
address okay
action
well I'm just checking to make sure that
you have a right to beer so like the cop
right here is trying to get him to [ __ ]
up like he's channeling oh you live here
really what's the address again and if
you're like oh I don't know the address
like oh yeah you don't live here like
get the [ __ ] out of here you know I
suppose B or whatever there is full
footage it's like 50 minutes yeah maybe
we could go over the whole thing like
the cop is kind of trying here I guess I
really can't [ __ ] I don't know if Apple
is is out there I'm really curious if a
cop is a right to ID you if you're on
private property and it says like no
trespassing I'm really curious if you're
allowed to it's literally a gotcha to
arrest him probably because he's black I
mean it could it couldn't be because
he's black but cops will do that well
they'll ask you like this is why cops
usually ask your question I guess to see
if you're telling the truth because now
if you're an a cab dude then the cop is
doing because he's trying to kill you
whatever the [ __ ] but like in the real
world like usually a police officer is
trying to get like a handle I'm like
okay what the [ __ ] is going on in this
situation so like if you get caught
drunk driving or speeding or whatever a
cop my house like were you coming from
where you headed and when you asked
where you're headed there going okay
well what's the address not because they
actually know every single address
everybody was trying to see if you're
like telling the truth they went out to
try to figure out what's going on but
that's like pretty standard when you say
the right thing you mean peer lis for
max my survival but I don't know but I
don't know don't you think that's part
of the problem but they have to cook out
so I should integrate themselves to be
safe I think it's a lot to say that he
should so I shouldn't act in some way
though um yeah maybe I mean yeah I guess
I'm just thinking in terms of like
accent maximize and survival obviously
you should have a right to wander around
unfettered or unposted by the cops of
course but like you should also have a
right to like walk around outside like
totally [ __ ] ass naked and like not
get raped through some [ __ ] but I mean I
wouldn't recommend doing it and it's
probably pretty dumb to do it same thing
here
yeah I don't know I think they're like
I'm always with the mindset that picking
fights with cops is a bad idea
like the [ __ ] cops kill people like
[ __ ] crazy like you would blame the
rapist so you would blame the cop yeah
if the cop killed I'm here yeah of
course it would 100% be on the cop what
the [ __ ] the cop is has the has the
ability to escalate force at all times
and he's the one with the upper hand in
terms of escalating force the entire
time I feel like sometimes people are
more obsessed with being in the right or
being in the wrong then when it comes to
like maximizing survival stuff though I
noticed that when we talk sometimes I
don't to go into it too much when we
talk about driving - I notice that
people will do that like well actually
this is the right thing to do it's like
all right cool but like what's the safer
what's like the there's a really famous
comic or not I don't know what stammers
no but it stuck with me a lot
[ __ ] I'm not gonna be able to find it
but it's like it's like somebody's not
like the gates of heaven I like it like
st. Peter whatever and the bicyclist is
like out there and Peter's like what
would happen I think he's like well I
had the right of way and it's like okay
well good job see we never go to protest
because your risk is survival [ __ ] no am
I gonna go out and [ __ ] get killed
protesting so [ __ ] [ __ ] off I'm not that
threatened in the u.s. I'm a white
straight male my dude bird straightish I
guess I don't know who was in the wrong
with Trayvon Martin we don't have video
footage of it but the way that that's
been characterized it seemed like
Trayvon was doing what he could to get
out because he kept moving away right
but the Zimmerman guy literally [ __ ]
chased him down
I mean Zimmerman was in the wrong 100%
but I don't even know if Trayvon should
have done something differently to
maximize his survival but I don't know
it's art for me to say destiny so if you
live in an authoritarian state you just
keep to yourself and not just try your
best to do something about it law I
don't know why you're lolling but yeah
that's typically what people do my dude
it's really cool if you're like above
and beyond if you're like a really
[ __ ] amazing human being and you're
better than all of us and you go out and
[ __ ] die for your cause but I got a
[ __ ] kid and I got other [ __ ] going
on my life I don't feel like suiciding
for cars right now thank you though for
lying destiny I feel like the whole I
have the right to not tell police [ __ ]
it's like generally [ __ ] that only
people who cause trouble in the first
place say no the onus is always on the
state to prove their case okay if you
did some illegal [ __ ] [ __ ] the state
needs to [ __ ] prove it you should not
have to incriminate yourself in order
for the state to make its case you never
want a system set up where it seems like
the goal of a police officer is to get
somebody to confess self confess to a
crime
and self incrementing themselves you
don't want to do that okay Destin you're
saying it's amazing if you can do that
for the cause but you're saying he
literally did the wrong thing you could
say I wouldn't do that but you're being
really unsympathetic I think I think my
stance is pretty reasonable I don't
think if I was in that situation and I
was black I don't think dying in that
spot in my life as a student would be
worthwhile for the cause I mean if you
think it is then go for it
but I mean like you can more or less get
the same message across protesting in
the court system then you could buy it
maybe getting assassinated by some cops
outside
but if that's what you want to do I mean
by all means I mean you could protest
whatever ways you can a lot of change
happen in this country because certain
[ __ ] people get killed I mean I think
that's related to like the road rage
[ __ ] at all like you get into like minor
[ __ ] and all of a sudden you're ready to
like [ __ ] and this dude's life you
think that's like similar where the cop
starts [ __ ] with you and for whatever
reason you're like you feel like you got
a point and you want to [ __ ] yeah I
don't know I have this real dumb you
were people that road rage my dad does
that [ __ ] that [ __ ] pisses me all the
[ __ ] off dude if somebody's [ __ ] Road
ragers on you just [ __ ] [ __ ] out and
walk away who the [ __ ] cares dude like
your life will go on you're not gonna
remember it in two days anyway like
don't know but something about that like
people go [ __ ] like they're willing to
kill the guy you know I mean like you
cut me off like that's it like we're
going like I'm dying right here and it's
like where else shine your life you act
hey so I think your stance more
pragmatically correct allows cops can
either get away with this kind of
shaping zimmer and just comply so they
don't get shot no I didn't say the guy
needed to comply what I'm saying is that
if he wanted to resist the safer way to
do it without getting killed is to say
listen I'm not giving you anything I am
going to obstruct your investigation if
you wish you can arrest me and then
we'll you know put me in holding and
then I'll get a lawyer and I'll do it
that way if that's the route you want to
go to protest the cops behavior I think
that's a better way to do it then maybe
any shot that's all I'm saying but I
mean hey you're free to do whatever I'm
confused do you mean I should ton of
people don't get caught by cops for
talking not for the cops Crippin jack
[ __ ] wait what a [ __ ] ton of people get
caught by the cops for talking I don't
know I want to waste my time going into
holding you spend less time in holding
than you spend time dead at least under
my assumption Martin Craig brothers at
law we've been warning people if you are
working for an unlicensed dispensary and
illegal dispensary and it gets raided
you need to shut the [ __ ] up if you shut
the [ __ ] up you have a good good chance
that we can make the case go away case
in point three employees of an illegal
shop were busted during a raid two of
them said oh I'm just volunteering here
the third guy shut the [ __ ] up and the
DEA did not prosecute the guy who shut
the [ __ ] up they can't prove what you
were doing there if you're a customer
patient and walked in to go to the
bathroom they don't know you got to shut
the [ __ ] up and it shut the [ __ ] up
Friday so review the script what do you
say when the cop first pulls you over to
pull me over and when he keeps asking
questions not discussing my day and they
ask more
am I being detained there am I free to
go and if detained what do you say I
invoke the fifth and then what do you do
you shut the [ __ ] up shut the [ __ ] up
Friday never answer questions when the
cops have safe holidays tip of the day
yep and that black guy when the cop was
was questioning them he him outside if
he really felt like his rights were
being violated he might have started
saying some dumb [ __ ] they could have
gotten him into trouble too
maybe he says something about where he
lives and it's not 100% true maybe he
doesn't live there maybe he's just
dorming there and it's address or maybe
he said maybe he just let something slip
that was stupid that he shouldn't have
you know like all like that's my car
over there I just want to drive home or
whatever and then say the car's got an
expired tag or some [ __ ] and now the cop
it has the right to it like investigate
your car like there is just shut the
[ __ ] up don't [ __ ] talk to the cops
if you feel like you're being wronged at
some point right then [ __ ] let them
arrest you and then get a public
defender if you have to whatever shut
the [ __ ] up don't if you really want to
protest it don't you don't want to take
to the [ __ ] ground okay because
you're dying every [ __ ] time you're
never winning that fight is not GTA shut
the [ __ ] up can you give the advice for
like just dare I say it's like if you're
like just like a college student and
you're white I don't think that advice
didn't you know if you don't have drugs
in your car if you're not illegal I dare
I say don't follow the [ __ ] advice of
that video what you do is you're a
little [ __ ] that's how you don't get
the ticket in the first I mean that's my
tape I don't know if you disagree with
that if you don't have anything you
think you can go to jail for a cop pulls
you over like what were you doing Oz
going to school how fast you think
you're going I don't know the speed
limit
like I'm being a [ __ ] [ __ ] dude and
that [ __ ] gets you out of a [ __ ]
ticket but it guarantee if I tell that
cop sir why'd you pull me over none of
your [ __ ] business what my day is dog
what do you want you're getting that
[ __ ] ticket okay so everybody is
saying [ __ ] danbad [ __ ] take I
have done this before and man are you
gotta be real careful when you say this
I almost actually don't even well [ __ ] I
don't know if I want to say it you
generally you shouldn't talk to the cops
Jordan Wow oh [ __ ] I'm trying to think
of what I want to say if you're a
privileged white guy with no possible
well no because like I got busted once
for doing something that was like pretty
bad where I could have been charged with
something but I
like I took I usually if I'm talking to
a cop I'll take the hardcore [ __ ] route
because I know that I'm not doing
anything illegal and I'm not I don't
think I'm gonna get pegged for some
crazy [ __ ] [ __ ] because generally
that's not gonna happen and they ended
up they just let me walk they were chill
with it
I think I got pulled over for speeding
once and the officer saw I had my Glock
in its case on the backseat but I didn't
have my concealed carry yet so
technically though because the weapon in
the magazines were together and the
ammunition forever technically it was I
think it kind of is like illegally
transporting a firearm or some [ __ ] like
that
and then the cop saw it and I answered
and I started I think I said I didn't
have a concealed carry which was stupid
although I think they I think they can
pull that up anyway when they were on
your plate so I can see we have a CCW
but afterwards the cop was like okay
well you know you're not supposed to
carry this like do you think I can
search your car whatever to see if
you're carrying anything else and I knew
I didn't Sherman I was like I'll [ __ ] it
if you want to yeah knock yourself out
and I just sat on the side for like
three or four minutes while him and his
officer went through and like okay well
you know dude you know it's pretty chill
or whatever like just separate the [ __ ]
you'll be fine and then they let me walk
no I mean maybe it's because I'm white
generally I think if you're generally
chilled with cops they're usually like
pretty chill now depending on where you
are or how dark your skin is that might
not be true but um I do think that if
you start a fight with a cop out of
[ __ ] nowhere I think you can get
[ __ ] I don't think it's a good idea to
fight like over every [ __ ] thing like
I don't know if I was walking down the
street and a cop walked up to me and
asked for my ID I don't know what I
would actually say I'm not sure if I'd
be like wow [ __ ] you [ __ ] I
don't give you [ __ ] [ __ ] suck my dick
Pig I don't know if I would actually say
that I write it like yeah or if I just
be like hey dude yeah here's my ID like
I got [ __ ] places to go I'm not
trying to be here from two hours but the
problem is like people the problem is
that like people can say it or do some
real dumb [ __ ] like so I don't know like
what advice I would go so for instance
like when the FBI came to my house a few
days ago I told like [ __ ] I feel I think
you should always shut the [ __ ] up and
always get a lawyer and I might be
really biased like my own personal
experiences really what I don't I just I
think that advice is good if one you
have something to hide or you might have
something died or two if you're like a
person of color or like okay so here's
my problem
white sis dude who has nothing going
wrong dude be out there and be Taylor
yeah hoo officer how are you doing I
guess like generally what I do is if I'm
in an altercation with a I shouldn't say
altercation I'll usually say something
effective like hey listen you're being
chill and I'm pretty chill but I
understand that I have a right at any
point in time to shut the [ __ ] up and
call a lawyer so if I feel anything I'll
do that when I was like I usually open
with that I always pulled over two times
a lot of [ __ ]
but like the [ __ ] the only reason why I
would be scared about saying it to
everybody like oh we should just go
through with an interrogation is because
I remember a couple of the times coming
back through Germany to the United
States even though I had done nothing
wrong
answering questions for coming back
through the security [ __ ] I don't know
if I was a flag to what but it was
really [ __ ] scary holy [ __ ] I almost
[ __ ] lost my mind because I slipped
I'd slipped up on one of the questions
and I didn't even realize it like I said
the story on stream before but like
they'd asked me like hey like did you
pack your bags or everything before you
can I was like yeah of course like today
many of access to your bags no of course
not bla bla bla bla bla and then like
she asked me a couple of questions what
are you traveling for bla bla bla and
then and then at some point you asked me
like how have you used the restroom or
whatever you know in the past hour when
you're here and I was like oh yeah I use
the restroom is every oh where was it I
was like oh well I was in my friend's
house whatever I was like okay cool I'm
just did you take a bag in with you and
I was like no and she's like oh so you
didn't have your bags with you at all
points before coming out of the flight
because you told me earlier that you had
and I was like oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] and I
dude as soon as I [ __ ] tripped up on
that my I my mind went into full like
[ __ ] panic mode holy [ __ ] so I don't
know if like normally like getting asked
questions if you if like an officer
because a lot of these guys that do
these interrogations are really [ __ ]
good like if you'd like trip up on
something you you might be tempted
because your gut is if you feel like you
haven't done anything wrong and you slip
up you want to say everything and you
will just talk and talk and talk and
talk and you might incriminate yourself
and a whole bunch of real [ __ ] stupid
[ __ ] that you didn't even know and you
might incriminate yourself accidentally
like if a cop you know of a cop could
pull you over and be like hey you know
like we heard complaints that there was
violence around here we heard that two
people got killed you know what do you
know about it you know any like whoa
hold on
[ __ ] talk to you or you be like oh
well I'll tell you what you know like I
don't know anything that happened to
those two people and they're like oh
well do you know what's gonna I was like
well I'm not sure like yeah I mean I
guess yeah it's a it's a shame they got
shot but I don't know anything about it
or whatever and you might say some dumb
[ __ ] and the cop might say like oh well
we didn't even tell you that they got
shot how did you [ __ ] know that and
now all of a sudden you might like talk
yourself into getting arrested for for
some crazy [ __ ] that you didn't even
realize you were saying so like in
general
you probably shouldn't talk to the cops
but also you shouldn't be super ultra
[ __ ] combative I don't know you gotta
like feel it out [ __ ] but me but I don't
know it's real maybe there's a big
difference between like a traffic stop
and like hey someone who was just shot
across the street can I talk to you
maybe like different things in those
scenarios like I'm just telling you
every time if you if you get pulled over
you act like that [ __ ] movie weird
like never talk to the cops
yeah your life is gonna be [ __ ]
miserable dude it's gonna be miserable
and they're gonna find [ __ ] to [ __ ] you
and you're gonna get a hundred tickets
every time and it's your they don't give
a [ __ ] they're gonna [ __ ] with you but
if you treat them like a little [ __ ]
you know like yes Massa you sure to look
nice in that uniform maybe they're like
yeah a little piggy [ __ ] I'll let you
go this time you know they want [ __ ]
power and respect [ __ ] cops well
that's it yeah like if you yeah how am I
sure I just because the cop pulls you
over what do you real talk let's say you
were speeding when I get pulled over I
[ __ ] cook the [ __ ] out like crazy
turn on your interior lights you put
both hands on the [ __ ] wheel when the
cop hands out the window
that's no don't do that that's weird
don't do no no that's weirdest but no
they don't love that [ __ ] you but both
of your hands should be on the top of
your steering wheel and you should turn
on the interior light so that they can
see your hands and then when the cop
comes to your window you should have the
window crank they're down a little bit
when the cop asks you for something like
okay I'm going to go into my glove
compartment to get my blah blah blah
just you know you know do shall I go
don't make fat basically you you
interact with a cop like you're dealing
with like a [ __ ] psychopath that's
like about to [ __ ] kill somebody
right slow movements nothing jerky not
too much eye contact don't look like
you're reaching for anything to make
them uncomfortable yeah yeah my driver's
ed teacher told us to put car keys on
top of the car that sounds really
[ __ ] weird I mean I guess I've never
heard that before
also you should have your papers already
out I would say no to that I wouldn't
get your papers out already because you
don't want to call a cop like
approaching your car and you're like
reaching into your glove compartment box
I wouldn't do that I'd wait until he
asks you to to get the stuff in slow
movements when he tells you this is can
you get your license registration your
[ __ ] cool is acute don't me get that
[ __ ] mm-hmm okay when I was younger I
used to drink a drive and I was pulled
over two times I distract a little
confused but compliant when I get pulled
over it usually just act polite and
apologize and the wrong or right I've
never had a traffic ticket treat them
like people I would say generally you
should try to be pretty nice yeah if you
start getting super combative like a
couple [ __ ] write you up for anything
the only other thing to keep in mind too
is if you get pulled over at like at
like a speeding trap you're never
talking your way out of that ticket you
can be the hottest girl in the world
those cops are there because they're
trying to [ __ ] write tickets you and
never talk your way out of a ticket at a
[ __ ] a speed trap but okay that's a
hundred percent true yeah you're always
getting [ __ ] there dude always not
like that because they're getting paid
for every person they [ __ ] well they're
not well they're not supposed to
technically L form so quotas are
supposed to be illegal but if you get
pulled over at some [ __ ] like that I got
a ticket for doing 25 over the speed
limit it was a four hundred and fifty
dollar ticket California yeah I I did it
in a rental car I think I'm wanted in
the state of California because I didn't
pay it I'm just kidding I did pay it but
yeah it's uh no it wasn't a Lamborghini
it wasn't it
I did pay it I did pay it no I did pay
it there's not a warrant
oh you don't pay your tickets bench more
and good sir for you if the cop
identifies you anywhere then you will
get arrested so heads up pay your
tickets boys I don't know that tickets
but you know if California has a
attorneys that you hire you got a ticket
just send it off to them for 50 bucks
and they basically get it removed
it wouldn't surprise me that's what I
did when I got pulled over and a
suspended license in Missouri
yeah dude that shit's so I mean that's
obviously like a rich person tool but
man is [ __ ] nice dude the law doesn't
make up yeah after I got that like taste
of like traffic or whatever where was
like pay a thousand dollars to a lawyer
and literally just makes you go away I
got so I don't know that was that felt
really disgusting not even if out in
Florida it's like a hundred bucks
well that mine was for I got caught
driving under a suspended license so oh
I was like yeah jail to me nice because
the cops not gonna show up that's all
the doors do they don't show up that's
the end that's a risk a cop might show
up I don't know how I don't know what
the percentage chances no yeah but if
they show up they ask for continuance
and they do it again like that's
literally the process like they just
keep doing it until the cop doesn't show
at least in Florida I heard that's the
main way that they get them thrown out
um can you can you ask for a continuance
passed if you actually act like your
trial well it's not the trial
I think it's an initial hearing yeah but
in the initial hearing I don't think the
cop us to be there so in the initial
hearing don't you do those are you sure
in Florida that's how I mean literally
that's how they get thrown out I thought
um when you show up initially I thought
it was just a near plea I didn't think
that you had to have I didn't think of
the other the accuser had to be there I
could be wrong though dude being [ __ ]
Stockholm holy [ __ ] they have the most
elite trained force of ninja [ __ ]
parking parking cops in the world I was
getting I got [ __ ] almost three
[ __ ] tickets in this place in the
course of like four days it was even in
LA I've gotten pretty lucky illegally
parking I've never got a parking ticket
here before but oh my god in Stockholm
it was [ __ ] crazy holy [ __ ] these
guys are out at like [ __ ] 902 if you
if they start writing tickets at 9:00
a.m. if that's when you showed up are as
they're out like two minutes after
checking [ __ ] that [ __ ] was [ __ ]
crazy I say almost 3:00 because I ran
out when I realized my [ __ ] was expiring
one day and I saw the dude walking down
the line of cars like oh [ __ ]
it's always strange to me that places
like any like why do you not have the
perfect amount of meter maids like they
should all pay for themselves like
what's stopping you I never had trouble
with police here it's not what they did
but while they invent a meter that takes
a picture of your license plate I just
bet a million dollar idea and lose it to
some random Jack he's black we [ __ ] I
should probably not say this out loud
face Hey sorry oh my god oh well hark
did I know you actually have the
resources to be able to capitalize on it
so I'm not sure I'm gonna repeat it you
want to go to business together
I should not listen Dan I should
probably shouldn't listen to dgg they're
gonna get me into trouble I brought up
something on they got me two brats bring
something up on stream today about
destiny and if I didn't know what I was
getting myself into
they're very untrustworthy very shifty
now people look in and they admire this
audience because they don't understand
it really what it is it's like it's like
you have to be a beekeeper like Stephen
is a beekeeper he can reach his hand at
the DGD chat and pull it out there's
just a bunch of bees walking around
gently but if he's wrong person puts
their [ __ ] hand in there they're
[ __ ] up they're [ __ ] up that's the
difference the berry is dgg so I'm
looking at twitch chat and DJ now [ __ ]
twitch chat oh are they like what do
they consider themselves to be super
like separate entities
yes and let me explain something about
twitch chat unfortunately twitch chat
are the people god bless their soul
they're too dumb to figure out how to
come to dgg they still want to watch the
show but they just they couldn't put the
pieces together
they're like the special members of the
Destiny audience we have a special part
for them around our heart but
unfortunately I didn't even know for
like six months I was looking at
Destiny's channels like why the [ __ ] is
the chat on the screen not matching the
one and my twitch chat like the whole
time I was like man what the [ __ ]
going on there were so many good ass
[ __ ] memes that came out of all these
hearings there
no we're evidence that I asked him to
withdraw it
