all right and we are back live with live
this time with destiny and it seems like
he had a few issues with some of the
stuff that I said I think he had a
response video to the video that I had
on my channel I think it's my channel
trailer and he expressed a bit of
contention with some of the statistics
some of the graphs and things like that
so I decided hey why not try to have him
on again to further discuss it seems
like we might have some unfinished
business if you may and so just me thank
you for taking the time today okay
thanks for having me buddy so I guess we
should go through this it my bit chunk
by chunk argument by argument I want to
start out from first with the causal
link between the Australia gun buyback
program and the lower homicide rate you
expressed a bit of contention with my
argument on that do you care to
elaborate well yeah so my contention
wasn't necessarily with your argument I
just thought that your graph was like
horrendously doctored okay well I I did
not doctor my graph I was using the AIC
statistics from the Australia yeah but
you cut it off like literally three
years after the buyback on the highest
homicide point and it was a little
suspect because I'm familiar with those
numbers that in the next few years the
rate drop by like almost 50 percent
that's in the did drop but that that
wasn't my point my point was you were
applying a causal link to the Australian
gun buyback program in 1996 and I was
just saying that it can't be
if the homicide rate in America dropped
even more substantially than the
homicide rate in Australia from from the
90s can you what I was well I don't know
why I'm just I'm gonna say you just said
that so you so your argument was there
is no way that the gun buyback program
in Australia could have caused a drop in
homicides if the US homicide rate fell
as well can you explain how those two
things are connected at all oh yeah I
mean you're you're applying a causal
link to the Australian gun buyback
program that happened in 1996 and I'm
saying that if that were true
then number one it was the largest gun
buyback program that they had they
destroyed you know tens of thousands of
guns it lasted six weeks and their
homicide rate what I was trying to show
was that their homicide rate was one
point six per 100,000 and a full six
seven years after that it stayed pretty
much the same while America's homicide
rate since the 90s dropped from seven
point four to five point five so it
dropped even more substantially than the
homicide rate did you can go all the way
out to 2006-2007 that doesn't matter
that wasn't my argument my argument was
debunking the causal link that you
argued between the Australian gun
buyback program and the drop in homicide
I understand so I just want to raise or
focus on this okay so one more time okay
why is it that just because America's
homicide rate dropped in the same time
period that Australia's didn't does that
mean that their gun buyback program
somehow wasn't successful I'm asking you
how these two things possibly linked
together could we not conceive that
America that something happened in
America that also caused the homicide
rate to drop while simultaneously the
gun buyback program might have a PAC
impacted homicide in Australia as well
can't these two things be totally
disconnected they could be but I'm not
the one applying a causal link to
strictly the gun buyback program in
Australia in 1996 to the drop in
homicide I'm saying there could have
been things that happen in America
that's my point exactly we didn't have a
gun buyback program didn't we have a
1994 assault weapons ban under the
Clinton administration didn't we also
have the 94 80 94 to 2004 we still had
17 mass shootings and that actually as a
matter whether they hold on without
running off without throwing a ton of
numbers I'm just I'm trying to establish
that the your argument right now is a
non-sequitur so you're trying to say
that Australia's gun buyback program
couldn't have been successful because
somewhere else in the world homicide
dropped when I'm trying to illustrate is
that these two things are totally non
sequitur they have nothing to do with
one another they do you're pivoting I'm
not saying it wasn't successful I'm
saying that the drop in homicide rate in
Australia cannot be solely because of
the gun buyback program in Australia if
our homicide rate also dropped and
while there had the weather hot they're
gonna buy back program 101 why is it
that that couldn't have been successful
in Australia but the u.s. homicide rates
still dropped more well how does that
logically follow I'm not saying it may
have it may have had some effect
I don't know alls I'm saying is the gun
buyback program in Australia was six
weeks and for seven years the homicide
rate was left unchanged it did drop
after that it did drop in 2003 I think
and I think we're around like 1.1 or 1.2
or something right now
but what I'm saying is we did not have a
gun buyback program in America and our
homicide rate dropped substantially more
a lot more than Australia's did that's
what I'm saying I'm saying that the the
homicide rate in the 90s in a lot of
Western countries was higher than it is
today and so I'm saying you cannot you
cannot put these two together I'm not
trying to cut these two together because
it doesn't America's homicide rate it
has nothing to do with this argument it
would be like saying I have cars in two
different countries your causal link so
let's have let's look at cars in country
a and cars in country B okay let's say
that in both of these countries you
don't have to wear seatbelts let's say
that in one country you mandated
seatbelts let's say in that country the
amount of people that died in car
accidents like didn't go down as quickly
as it did in the other country that
doesn't mean that the seat belts like
mandated in the first country didn't do
anything these are totally disconnected
there we could sit here and hypothesize
a number of reasons why homicides
dropped in the United States yeah but
you're saying it was because of the gun
buyback yes but you're not arguing
against the gun buyback you're not
giving me anything I'm sorry I'm not
I'm Erica's decrease in violent crime or
homicides has nothing to do with whether
or not the Australia gun buyback was
successful it there totally disconnected
there have nothing to do with one
another you're saying that the homicide
rate in Australia dropped solely because
of the gun buyback program and I'm
saying how can that be if for seven
years it remain the same afterwards and
also other countries homicide rate
dropped as well with no gun buyback
program that's all I'm that's all I'm
saying you're applying a cause
and I'm just trying to argue against
that and sure so your if you wanted to
argue against it we can argue against
just that point but citing America's
homicide rate especially when it's still
three or four times that of Australia
doesn't make your argument is totally
non sequitur we'll get into that we'll
get into high why our homicide rate is a
little bit higher but I want to also
mention too as well that there are more
there are about four hundred thousand
more
legally owned guns in Australia than
there were before the 1996 gun buyback
program so that's another point into the
gun buyback program not cause how do you
think that's a point into the gun
buyback program anything what is the
increase in the percentage number of
guns like these guns owned by people did
it expand the number of households that
own guns or are there just individual
owners that now own more guns what does
it never even mean what I'm saying is is
that number one we went off for the
homicide rate left unchanged for seven
years after the gun buyback program wait
can you're saying it was successful
you're saying it was successful and it
caused the decrease in homicide okay
okay
that was your causation that you're
applying there we've already gotten past
that I'm saying also on top of that
there are 400,000 more guns in Australia
owned than before the 1996 Port Arthur
massacre see you would you would think
and and the per capita rate has
increased just slightly the per person
rate has increased just slightly you
would think that if you were correct
that also their homicide rate would
would increase because of that because
of increase in in guns because that's
what you're that's what you're implying
no wait what oh there's so much that
just God said firstly I don't know if
increase or decrease in guns necessarily
means anything I think we would look for
households that own guns right because
for instance in the United States I
believe that there have been periods of
time with the increase in guns in the
United States is a thing but then the
number of households they don't guns
decrease right so less people less
households have firearms but more
households that have firearms are buying
an increased number so I
this isn't like not connected at all
that's not that's not true there's
actually more guns in America gun
ownership in America today than there
were
the 90s sure but it doesn't scale but it
doesn't scale sure but it doesn't scale
linearly with like the number of
firearms in the United States what I'm
just saying is you're applying a causal
link between the increase in guns and an
homicide and you also apply to a causal
link between and I think what you just
said is not true I'm sorry I'm just
looking this up the continuing decline
in household gun ownership in the United
States so it looks like right now in
2014 we're at one of the lowest points
in history assuming that this is correct
with how many how many how many
percentage of what percent of the
population owns guns thirty to thirty
five percent like thirty two point five
percent last I saw it was somewhere
around forty percent just above forty
percent more states that have concealed
carry laws than in Knight and then in
the 1990s but which is another non
sequiturs nothing to do anything it's it
totally suit us yes it does because
you've also applied a causal link
between concealed carry lacks gun
ownership and increasing crime but sure
which is something that I saw going on
in a meta-analysis that we can look over
if you don't but yeah we can but I feel
like we haven't even like um so do you
you understand that like talking about
America's homicide rate has nothing to
do with whether or not a gun buyback in
Australia was successful right or do you
stop it does if your argument is that
Australia's homicide rate decreased
since the 90s okay because of the
buyback program of course it does
because as I've said before and I'm
gonna try to say this again and try to
repeat this again a lot of Western
countries crime was higher in the 90s
than it is today and so what I'm saying
is just because the crime decreased
since the 90s in Australia doesn't mean
that was because of the gun buyback
program alls I'm saying is you're
refuting your causal link oh no so that
could be true right but you have to
establish that somehow you can't just
give me numbers from another country and
say that rebukes but you're not
establishing how the gun buyback program
decreased the homicide rate in in in
Australia I don't even think they they
coal relates let alone having a causal
link okay yeah I mean I guess we could
dig into whether and
we feel like it does or it doesn't but
just sighting like another country's
homicide rate has nothing to do with
whether or not the Australia gun buyback
was successful it's all I'm saying like
we can make the argument that so maybe
so if you want to make the argument or
instance sure they had a gun buyback
program however crime would have dropped
anyway then that's fine then we can
prevent this that's exactly what I'm
what I'm saying right okay
I mean we can actually spend a minute
like digging into this if you want
affect Australia gun buyback on ammo
sides I got time we can look we can look
and we can read
okay give me a second to absorb some
information all right
I mean I don't even believe that it can
that you can Co related to mass
shootings either because if we look at
the mass shootings prior to the 1996 gun
buyback program there were none so there
were no mass shootings prior to the
nineteen six nineteen ninety-six gun
buyback program from 1996 to from 1986
to 1901 so from all the way up until
1989 the Port Arthur massacre that like
instigated the legislation yeah that was
that was 1996
yeah from 1986 to 1996 there was four
and then after the 1996 Port Arthur
massacre there was one Monash University
shooting two killed five wounded so you
know prior to it happening what did you
just say you said there has been some
since then yeah there's one two killed I
mean that's not a mass shooting under
our standards where we have our
definition is three armed or killed but
but that's in 2002 my what I'm saying is
is that there was there were no mass
shootings pretty much all the way up
till 1986 and then mass murders in
Australia as well if we look at 19 about
the same time so once again crime was
higher in the 90s than it is today in a
lot of Western countries and that's all
I'm saying I'm saying that it was
probably going to go down anyway the the
homicide rate in Australia just like
ours went down anyway sure I mean like
so like I can get on board with that
because that was kind of my position
before although I've been moved a little
bit by arguments that I've seen
otherwise I'll just kind of like read
this thing here so ten fish what but if
that was your position before I mean in
your call you had a fan call in and you
said that gun buyback programs homicide
rate in Australia crease because of that
that was your quote I don't think it's
solely because of that right gun death
is like a highly multi there's a million
different ings that could nest that
could potentially cause it but it did
seem like gun deaths and suicides fell
post the banning of that now could they
have fallen anyway maybe it's really
hard to say it I mean violence has
fallen around the world that being said
the United States even though it
was still what two three times higher
than that in Australia like so I mean
like it is factual just fell at a larger
percentage but that's because it's
already at a higher percentage I mean
like if a guy that's a hundred pounds
you know loses five pounds and a guy
that's 200 pounds loses you know forty
pounds I mean like the the larger guy
lost more way but it might be harder for
the smaller guy to do it because he has
lost weight to lose I mean I know
there's a million different examples
there right like to decrease your weight
actually did it even fall at a larger
rate wait do I even look we did it went
from seven point four to five point five
from the 90s from 1996 Oh mariga's
homicide rate so it didn't actually
followed a large array i shouldn't even
let you get away with that one [ __ ] what
it did it - it's your upped from what
i'm saying is from 2000 and from 1996 to
about 2002 or something like that huh
the homicide rate in America went from
7.5 to about 5.5 so it fell at a at a
more substantial rate then Australia's
did that was that was my so in Australia
went from what to what Australia went
from let me pull it up again Australia
went from I just had it up one point six
to a one point eight and then after 2001
it fell even more to like one so wait so
it started at one point six and then
start and then went to one right so you
recognize that seven point whatever to
five point whatever that's actually a
smaller drop than one point six to one
right what what from seven point four to
five point five we're talking two points
yeah and then from one point six to one
point one yeah I believe that says I
think the first one I think is a smaller
drop where it's close of course it's not
it's close yeah and anyway but we can we
can move on hold on you recognize that
like going from like the percentage
change from ten to six is less than the
percentage change from two to one
right from ten to six might be four
points and two to one might be one point
but from ten to six is a forty forty
percent decrease but from two to one is
a 50% decrease so
technically it's not even true that
America crime fell more it only looked
like it on your graph because you
plotted both numbers together which you
probably shouldn't but it decreased from
seven something to five something is
like a twenty or thirty percent decrease
if Australia's went from one point six
to one or whatever that's over 50
percent or not that's not an over-50
resign but that could be like a thirty
to forty percent you know it's it's
about yeah what I'm saying is you're the
one who's saying that homicide rate in
Australia creased because of the gun
buyback program that was really said I
think yeah I said it it seems to be that
that was part of it that's what
researchers I'm sure they're probably
not the only reason why I'm sure there
are a ton of reasons why I'm sure there
probably are a bunch of reasons okay
anyway the next thing I just wanted to
just to hammer this home because this is
these are true facts now for the reason
why I guess that we can debate but since
the Howard government introduced
stricter gun laws in 1996 this is 96 and
2000 gun back took place reduction in
gun deaths in this country occurred Baba
okay in the last two decades following
reforms the annual rate of gun deaths
fell from two point nine per 100,000 in
1996 to zero point nine four one hundred
thousand in 2016 so that's like a sixty
six percent reduction that's like huge
gun deaths overall homicide sure so you
said your main driver is to save lives
it doesn't matter how they're killed you
look at the increase on the same
statistics from the AC you look at the
increase in in knife deaths as well do
you have the numbers for the increase in
knife deaths I don't have that but I'm
looking at the homicide rate staying the
same for seven years after the 90 the
stats were that sure can you link me the
stats with the homicide rates saying
it's saying yeah that AIC website you
can go there if you want to look at it
so okay when you said that the deaths
remained the same was this the per
100,000 rate or was this the ronimal
homicide rate the homicide rate per
100,000 from 1996 to 2002 it remained
exactly the same seven that's seven
years six seven years and the gun
buyback program lasted six weeks that's
all I'm saying I'm saying you can't say
that homicide rate in Australia
decreased because of the gun buyback
program like you did that's all I'm
saying
it's not it's not because of you can't
say that that's the reason you applied a
causal link and that's all I'm saying
well I mean I can't like 100 percent
subscribe to 100 percent causal link I'm
just anyway so is every other
but you can't but now you can't flip on
me and do the same it's like oh well it
was definitely going to go down anyway
you can't know that well I do of course
I don't know that it was going to go
down I'd I mean I was a kid in 1996 but
what I'm saying is you look at the
statistics and you see the homicide rate
going down since the 90s okay so what
country yeah so I'm looking at the
homicide rate so this is homicide
incidents victims and offenders so in
1990 it looked like the rate was one
point eight ninety six looking at gun
buyback program 1996 okay so in 1996 it
looked like it was one point six mm-hmm
one point six it's what I have and now
it's at one so it seems like the
homicide rate has fallen like
substantially it's what I'm saying what
I'm saying well you just said that the
gun deaths were replaced with knife
deaths but doesn't seem like that's the
case well of course if you what I'm
saying the gun the gun buyback program
lasted six weeks they destroyed tens of
thousands of guns
tens of thousands of guns within a
matter of six weeks so what I'm saying
is if you are applying a causal link
between the gun buyback program and
Australia's homicide rate decreasing
then you would expect to see that within
a matter of months or something that's
not necessarily true
you could have out no this is why you
need more than this is where I grilled
you on drawing your graph and cutting it
off at 2001 because you need more than a
few years to establish a trend it's
entirely possible yeah not to mention
the fact that there was another buyback
program in 2003 but I mean it's possible
that for one or two years the homicide
rates were just a bit higher than normal
I mean if we go through the the homicide
rates as they are we saw outlier years
prior and outlier years after from a one
point two to a one point four to a one
point two like this is why we collect
multiple years of data in order to
establish a trend and this is why when
we look at the homicide rate dropping in
many Western countries including America
this is why I'm saying we can't say
without a shadow of a doubt that the
homicide rate and I'm not the one
applying this causal link you're the one
who said that in that quote that's all
I'm saying well yeah so I'm not I would
never make the argument that there's a
100% chance that Redoute that the gun
buyback program got like cut down I said
that I said that it seems likely that it
contributed to it no I have the quote
it's from your call in your fan that
called in you said homicide rate in
Australia decreased because of that
mentioning the gun buyback program okay
if
I said decreased because of that and you
thought that I meant was solely the
reason for then I either misspoke or I
came across unclear but clearly there
are a number of things that play into
where homicides come from and it seems
like in Australia the gun buyback
program seemed to contribute to a
decrease in the amount of homicides in
that country that seems to be the case
now maybe it wasn't maybe there maybe it
would have fallen anyway maybe there are
a number of other things that caused it
to fall those are all potential things I
mean for that we can dig into articles
it's specifically relating to that since
apparently the numbers themselves aren't
necessarily enough which I agree with
you we wouldn't need to dig in more if
you really wanted to I just take a whole
video probably sure yeah and that's fine
I mean we can do that too I'm sure there
would be a fascinating discussion but
the numbers alone don't prove that it
did nothing that's that that would be
quite an extraordinary claim to make I
think all right so if we move on to the
causal link that you applied it between
the more relaxed gun laws and concealed
carry and and homicides I want to touch
on that because you express some
contention in your response video on
your on your channel as well with that
what were the points of contention that
you had on my argument for that so I
believe that the let me find this here
so from our good NBER I have the quote
that I pulled from this article was or
this study I guess the best available
evidence using different statistical
approaches panel data regression and
synthetic control with varying strengths
and shortcomings and with different
model specifications all suggest that
the net effect of a state of state
adoption of RTC laws is a substantial
increase in violent crime 13 to 15
percent higher and then I can shoot you
this where the sample size is from - can
you I shot you the study and then I can
read through I'm sure it's not a list
under the methodology or something but
yeah go ahead yeah you can just read
through it just check I like it I'm
gonna look as well but I'll start
scrolling through I just want to know
what sample sizes they took from that so
you're saying that when the what is this
to do with Constitutional Carry when
Constitutional Carry laws were enacted
then crime rate increase is that what
they're saying yeah basically
I guess I just need to know where the
the sample sizes are well I mean I'm
pretty sure that this is gonna be going
over like multiple studies so I don't
know what the sure so that causal link
between more lacks gun laws and more gun
crime or concealed carry Constitutional
Carry Vermont to carry whatever you want
to call it and and more gun crime or
more violent crime or more homicides I
don't think that we can I don't think
that we can apply a causal link to that
either because of the data that I have
seen for instance if your argument is
more lacks gun laws equals more gun
crime which if I'm not mistaken that
you're that's your argument correct not
necessarily I think what this paper
seemed to say was that if you increase
your adoption of right to carry laws
that what will happen is violent crime
will increase I mean we're like I said I
don't know where that studies from is it
from Mississippi or is it from where I
mean they could have taken bits and
pieces or little samples of okay I mean
this is pretty rich considering you
literally talk about Chicago like 90
percent of the time you talk about good
crime I mean like come on dude no not
not not no I'm not I'm not mentioning
Chicago right now what I'm saying is if
we dig into concealed carry states and
this was one of my arguments that you
express contention with as well if we
look at the six states that have some of
the most lacks gun laws in the country
they have some of the highest homp the
lowest homicide rates in the country but
that but same that doesn't go to that
saying that has no bearing on my point
that has nothing to do with what I'm
saying right of course it does you went
through the video where I explained that
the homicide rate was left pretty much
unchanged since the Constitutional Carry
laws were enacted in a lot of these
states okay I would I would have to see
those numbers I guess and then compare
them if you went through it well no no
you showed me like states that were
really white and said they had low crow
that way I'm not what does that have to
do with anything the chart that you
showed me was like six states and their
percentage white and then the percent of
the reason yeah the reason why I had
that the reason why I had that
percentage there was because I didn't li
where I explained the difference between
some states that have concealed carry
and other states that have concealed
carry and why you see a homicide rate
different in like for instance
Mississippi or something like that but
what I'm saying is increasing your right
to carry laws according to this paper
seems to increase the amount of violent
crime not that states with certain laws
have certain amounts of crime or states
with lots of white people have certainly
like you can't just say like well these
three states have high right to carry
laws and their violent crime is lower
than another state because the reality
is or what could happen is those states
might have gotten more crime and the
more crime they have is still less than
the other states right this is a non
sequitur just pointing to some states
with low crime doesn't mean that crime
didn't increase once right to carry laws
were expanded in those states once again
your your argument is a causal link
between having Constitutional Carry or
more lacks gun laws and more gun crime
and what I'm saying is that's not
precisely it because if we look at some
states in some cities that even have
higher populations than other cities and
little more lacks gun laws where we're
not seeing that I mean yeah but did
those states have more strict gun laws
and then they became more lacs and then
they had more violent crime but that
violent crime is still lower than
another state because if so they're
concealed carry since 1908 I showed you
Wyoming Wyoming went from in 2011 I
think they enacted their concealed carry
laws and they went from one or they went
from three points something to two point
six and this is in your response video
you went over it and then you just tried
to say that all it might may have been
higher or lower before and we can't
really but that's not my argument is
you're applying a causal link to more
lacks gun laws and more gun crime and
I'm saying well it can't be if it can't
be just more lacks gun laws equals more
gun crime if we're looking at states and
cities that have lacks gun laws and very
low crime very low homicide rates okay
here do you have a paint thing or like a
number like a word file or you want to
put numbers in your head and then I'll
talk for a second yeah go ahead
okay so I could have a state and the gun
crime there is two and then I could have
another state and the
crime there is 10 okay mm-hmm now in the
state where it's two I could increase
the right to carry laws and the gun
crime might increase to three now in the
state with ten they might have no carry
laws so it's none right now what you're
saying is you're going oh well look this
state has three and the other state has
ten therefore the three the right to
carry laws obviously are good because
they've got more expanded right to carry
than the ten and they've got less
homicide but that's not my argument that
is exactly your argument that's night I
did not say the right to carry causes
less crime or causes less gun crime I'll
leave that's what I'm saying though it
doesn't let that's what I'm saying
that's my argument my argument is that
increasing okay you said you said that I
said your straw Manning me you said that
I said that concealed carry decreases
crime I'm not saying that I'll leave
that up to John Lott who wrote the book
was that book called more guns less
crime or something like that
I'll leave that up to him I'm just
trying to argue your point of applying a
causal link between more relaxed gun
laws equals more gun crime I mean
friends if we look at Boise Idaho it has
a hundred thousand more people than
Little Rock Arkansas does and they have
concealed carry in Boise Idaho and
Arkansas they also have concealed carry
and yet in Boise Idaho the homicide rate
is 0.9 per 100,000 and in Rockets 27.7
hunters table you're not responding to
my point what I'm not saying that it's
higher or lower in some states with more
or less gun whatever what I'm saying is
that if you take a state whatever its
crime rate is if you increase their
access to firearms if you increase the
right to carry laws that the crime in
that state will increase now I'm not
talking about comparing two states I'm
saying if you take one place you
increase right to carry laws that it
will become a more violent place that's
the argument talking about Linode but
your argument can't be correct if we
look at some of these states we look at
when they enacted the concealed carry
laws and today and we don't see much of
a change in the homicide rate per
100,000 if you could show me several
states where that happened then yeah you
went over it in your video okay I'm
sorry okay wait wait okay okay let's
let's go ahead and look
up them so give me the state give me the
increased right to carry laws when it
was enacted and then we'll look at the
violent crime of that state he was
widely Wyoming in 2011 I believe it was
it may have been yeah 2011 I believe
they they enacted their concealed carry
law actually let me see him be able to
bring it out
so yeah so Wyoming 2011 that's when they
enacted their concealed carry law if we
look at Wyoming ha where is it there
2015 2015 is was it 2014
let me see when did Wyoming and that if
their concealed carry law I may have
that date wrong let me just checked yeah
you went over this in your video yeah
well what I was going over was just that
your response was not a response to my
to the study that I was citing that's it
and then I'm out so I'm kind of curious
on on violent crime being correlated
with um with gun ownership this is
something that I've seen like graphed
out a couple times an hour to go through
it but I thought that it was like pretty
commonly understood that like higher gun
ownership usually leads to more gun
deaths but that's something that's kind
of like borne out in a lot of states are
you talking about per capita I don't
know what study you're always talking
per capita I would never say anything
all I'm saying is that if we look at if
we look at the states with the most
likes gun laws they're pretty safe and
including boy I mean perfect example
you're talking about you know population
and population density and and and
things like that
Boise Idaho versus Jackson Mississippi
it has almost a hundred thousand more
people than Jackson Mississippi and yet
we see Boise Idaho at 0.9 per 100,000
homicide rate versus Jackson Mississippi
which is 20 points twenty thirty four
point five per 100,000 or something like
that
alls I'm saying is your causal link it
can't be because of the access to
firearms that this is the reason why
people are killing each other that's all
I'm saying you're applying a causal link
okay okay because you said like causal
link like 7,000 times what does causal
link mean to you okay this is your exact
quote wait I don't know I don't worry
about I don't care about exactly what do
you think I don't know when I say causal
link what does that mean to you you're
saying that more axes gun laws
concealed carry causes a higher homicide
rate in whatever place in America invite
our violent crime in general yeah right
what I'm saying is it can't be because
of the access to firearms it's probably
more likely because of gang membership
and things like that well no the gains
increased when right to carry laws were
expanded in these states well I mean
gangs have increased since 2004 we do
know that sudden okay I mean I guess if
you want hold on I mean this is a forty
three page paper I mean we could go over
this if you want to dig through like the
paragraphs and [ __ ] I did we ever did we
ever figure out anything about Wyoming
oh I forgot about that
when did Wyoming and Noctor I mean I I
mean I can just I don't know you give a
response to it in your response video I
don't know oh yeah here it is it wasn't
I haven't highlighted here it was in
2011 when Wyoming enacted their
concealed carry law so in 2011 Wyoming
enacted their concealed carry law so
their homicide rate was 3.2 this is from
3.2 per 100,000 today it's 2.6 per
100,000 okay I'm looking at it right
here
2011 as of July 2011 anyone who meets
the same requirements to obtain a
Wyoming concealed carry permit can't so
they have concealed carry in Wyoming
then acted in 2011 I'm looking at it
right now in my doctor I see it as well
and it looks like their violent crime
right now is higher than it has been in
the past 20 years
once again you're talking you're saying
homicides your show I'm saying virus
time right yeah Wyoming violent crime
right now seems to be higher than it has
been in this chart in the past 20 years
I'm probably farther than that this only
goes back I don't know of these stats
are 100% correct but so I'm linking you
this right here for city rating com
crime statistics Wyoming so Wyoming
violent crime it looks like in I think
that's 2016 looks like it's higher than
it has been in the entire listing of
this chart but again your main driver
your your main driver is usually I mean
driver was saying that wait wait when
did you say the right went yeah when did
you say the right to carry laws went
into effect 2011
okay so it doesn't look like this helped
anybody if anything it looks like there
is a huge spike in like 2014 2015 so
2014 2015 and what is it at now is back
down to original levels or something I
can I see 1400 this is using absolute
figures but okay so it's not per capita
because the population has changed
obviously either way the homicide rate
is lower than when they enacted the
concealed carry law in Wyoming and a few
other states as well and then some
states it did go up but what I'm saying
are that's not true there's I don't
think so so if it went into effect in
2011 this is saying that there were
about 12
yeah so this is at 1200 then and then in
2016 I went up to 1400 did the
population of Wyoming grow 15% in four
years and not sure but I'm looking at
the homicide rate okay can you
[Music]
okay can you shoot me those numbers what
you're looking at you're gonna like them
in the Hangout right so the problem is I
got the Hangout on the screen here you
see here
okay lady there you go
so look at 2011 why is it why are these
Charton oh this is per 100,000 okay
gotcha okay so okay so in 2011 this is
from America's health ranking here you
go I'm gonna I'll click your link and
check it's already seems to rate this
[ __ ] differently so it looks like
according to this in 2011 they had 404
per 100,000 incidences of murder rape
robbery and aggravated assault in 2011
404 per 100,000 number that's this
includes murder rape robbery and it's
all Violent Crimes sure so this is 404
and 2011 and then in 2018 it's 394 so
went down by what so it went down a
little bit then is what you're saying it
yeah it seems to have right so that's
what I'm saying I'm not saying that
because the concealed carry law is it
decreased violent crime and decreased
homicide I'll leave that up to John Lott
like I said but I'm just saying that the
that saying that it more easier access
to guns or oh [ __ ] hold on I might have
[ __ ] up really hard I'm sorry one
second oh wait I'm sorry
actually that was America as on the
whole decreased Wyoming actually
increased quite substantially actually
so in 2011 it was 196 and in 2018 it was
238 so that's like a 20% increase in the
amount of rape murder II grabbed away
murder rape robbery and aggravated
assault
yeah where's the was it the first link
that you said no it's the one that I
just sent right now okay so this is all
violent crime to be fair 2011 because
I'll be generous here I'll say 2011
looks like an outlier year in terms of
low crime but even if I back up to 2010
the year before that was 228 and in 2018
it was 238
so it looked like it went from why it
looks like it went from 2011 from 196 to
238 is this the graph that you're
talking about yeah this is what I'm
looking for right I mean
2004 was at 2:30 it's like that once
again we're not we're not talking apples
to apples here well so in 2004 before
they had concealed-carry was at 274 and
it looks like it fell a ton but then as
soon as they put in the concealed-carry
every single year after that had more
instances of violence which seems to
support the conclusion that my paper
1994 was at 3:20 no concealed-carry 758
for was it 758 for what is this that's
the United States compared to Wyoming
3:20 in 94 so alls I'm saying is listen
the homicide rate fell from 3.2 to 2.6
I did I said it to you okay your
argument your argument is more lacks gun
laws equals more gun crime and my what
I'm saying is if I don't think it's more
lacks gun laws as more gun crime I think
it was more lacks gun clause leads to an
increase in all violent crime okay so I
mean we can look at we can look at many
different states and cities here we can
look at for instance Boise Idaho so I
would never look at like we can look at
Boise Idaho versus Little Rock Arkansas
boys guy to hold versus Lansing Michigan
we could look at Boise Idaho versus San
Bernardino California Boise Idaho has
more people almost a hundred thousand
more people than for instance Jackson
Mississippi and yeah I don't know so I
would never do a comparison like this it
sounds like a really I don't know why I
would compare cities like this what I
would do is or what I imagine in this
paper what they do is they probably take
a broad number of cities or maybe they
take the entire US crime rate and then
they compare it to places either cities
or states where these gun laws have been
made more lacs not comparing one city to
another there's no reason to do that
that doesn't do anything and it also
looks like this Wyoming is pretty much
following the trend of all of America as
well so well you know you saying that
more relaxed gun laws equals more gun
crime or access to conceal carry equals
more gun crime or more violent crime it
just once again it just it's not a good
argument well so in 2011 compared to
2018 the amount of overall crime fell in
the US but in Wyoming where you said
that they had increased to right to
carry laws that increase
which seems to directly support the
argument 100% that I was just making but
their homicide rate decreased what I'm
saying is there's a lot more involved
than just more lacks gun laws so can you
real quick
can I um you you linked me this
nationality and state thing where is the
Wyoming homicide rate we're gonna find
that in here it's all the way at the
bottom
okay so Wyoming state's marked in yellow
Oh so nationwide murder rates is a US
average listed on here no and also when
did there when did their gun thing go
into effect 2011 went when in 2011 July
okay so in 2010 it was one point four
which was a year before and in the six
years that follow it is substantially
higher over twice as much in every
single other year how do you think that
supports your argument
it's totally supports my argument
because your argument is more lacks gun
laws equals more gun crime or concealed
carry equals more gun crime and this is
the reason why I bring up many different
examples like a Boise Idaho no no no
wait let's stop I know that you try to
pivot to like the cities that you like
memorize because they have less black
I'm not ever I know I'm only looking at
the data that you're giving me so in
this I'm looking at your death penalty
info org okay I'm looking at this thing
I'm not talking about Boise Idaho or
places with lots of black people okay on
this graph right here on this chart
why'd you have to go to race destiny
because that's what you want to take it
right so we'll get we'll get there later
right well you don't have to it's called
dog whistling don't worry I'm not an
idiot okay so let's look at 2011 arrest
remedy so let's look at 2011 so I'm
looking at 2011 okay in Wyoming
your homicide rate this is the year that
your concealer is 3.2 mm-hmm the next
year it's what two point four two point
nine two point seven two point this is
all higher than the three years
preceding where you had no concealed
carry if they enacted concealed carry in
2011 okay
homicide rate was 3.2 today it's 2.6
okay that was for one year though you
understand why you can't do this six
years no no but your rate was 3.2 for
one year before that it was one point
four two point one it's hovers around
the same numbers it goes from two point
four two point nine two points back down
to two point seven two point seven again
up to three point four down to two point
six sure right back where we started so
sure so what good is so what would be
good as we could graph maybe the United
States violent or our gun homicide rate
okay versus Wyoming's and see how if we
feel like we had a bigger effect here I
don't know the answer to that but what
you're showing me right here is very
unconvincing if I told you that the the
murder rate in the city was one point
nine two point oh one point for then we
get concealed carry and then it goes up
to three point two and it's up to two
point four two point nine two it's still
all higher than the three years
preceding where we didn't have concealed
carry I'm just I'm just pointing out
that this Wyoming data totally
contradicts what you're telling me
absolutely
in July they enacted their concealed
carry law hmm July of 2011 okay
like I said they went from three point
two to two point for the night but you
keep saying they went from three point
two who's applying a causal link please
stop saying I'm applying a causal link
okay you are you saying you said that
increased access to firearms concealed
carry more lacks gun laws equals more
gun crime if your argument was correct
and you would see a place like a Boise
Idaho
stop saying what city I don't know why
you keep bringing up one same reason why
I bring it up is because it's a perfect
example it's because it's in a lot of
cities throughout America that have a
much higher homicide rate okay it's your
argument was critical the states with
concealed carry we've already
established this and I'm second okay
I want you to imagine I have a city
let's say I have a beautiful city the
violent crime is one point nine that
year and then the next year it's 2.0 and
then the next year it's one point four
and then the year after I'm like let's
do concealed carry and we do it now it's
up to three point two next
goes down to 2.4 but it's still way
higher than it was before
then it goes up to 2.9 then it goes down
to 2.7 but still way higher than before
concealed-carry how is this an argument
saying concealed-carry didn't increase
the violent crime there are many states
that I've been wait why are we saying
that what sorry wait why are we saying
many states let's just focus on the one
example give me or if you want to admit
that Wyoming is a bad example we can
move to another state maybe no I mean
Wyoming is a perfect example so is New
Hampshire so is Idaho
so is Vermont so are all these other
states that have cities that are much
larger than other states in America and
yet they're homicide rate and their
crime rate and their violent crime rate
is very very low okay how do I can
somebody help me make a graph how do I
make it great there's gotta be an easy
way to like Wolfram Alpha this data here
into a graph I'm really curious can you
just answer me the question that I asked
you earlier what was the question the
question was that if we look at for
instance to give me an answer straight
up answering I want you to be honest why
is Rockford Illinois which has less of a
population more dangerous than Boise
Idaho I'm sure there are a multitude of
factors I don't look at single cities
like this it seems like really weird to
cherry-pick them no it's not it's not
really weird this I'm asking you why is
it I don't know I would have to studied
what's going on in both of those cities
okay
so there's there's many different
examples that I've given you and I've
asked you well everyone that you've
given me so far when we've actually gone
and looked at the data you failed to
substantiate your point like it seems
like the data even if the cherry-pick
examples is not helping you like this
Wyoming example is to see your point
on multiple that's why you keep pivoting
away that's your point no you're not
arguing pivoting away every time I try
to hold your own data like even when I'm
pointing at your own numbers don't agree
with you you keep pivoting to Boise
Idaho for some reason I don't know why
okay so if you're looking at the
homicide rate in Wyoming if we just
stick stick on Wyoming for a minute here
what were those homicides cause with
what were they cause with do you have I
don't know I'm just looking at what you
linked
I don't think you know either I'm just
going by what you linked me I don't know
well I mean shouldn't you if you're
making this argument to me using Wyoming
as an example no I don't I don't know
what people how people killed each other
and I in Idaho or Wyoming or some of
these other states what I'm saying is
your argument of this is your argument
so let's let's not move around here like
you're trying to do your argument is
that more lacks gun laws equals higher
crime rates what I'm rebutting with is
that if that were true then some of the
states with Constitutional Carry and the
most lacks gun laws in the country would
have higher crime rates and higher
homicide rates than some of the states
with stricter gun law what you just said
is a non sequitur it means what your
point does not logically follow just
because increasing right-to-carry laws
makes it so you have a more violent
state doesn't necessarily mean that
states with more open carry laws are
going to be more violent than states
with less right-to-carry laws these two
things are not congruent with one
another this doesn't logically follow
your argument is irrational even if it's
true even if I your premises were it's
the source if not how is it irrational
when you're saying that listen more
relaxed gun laws equals more gun crime
but yet when I point out to you states
that have the most lacks gun laws in the
country they're not as dangerous as
states with stricter gun laws how is
that a non sequitur or whatever you want
to keep using because it's that what you
just said has nothing to do with what I
just said they're not related at all no
what they're not like okay so like
remember my early example when I said if
we go from two to three and then we have
a state with ten that even though the
two to three is still smaller than the
ten the three is way bigger than the two
do you remember that example if we have
got us you said that the homicide rate
fell in Australia because of the gun
buyback program I remember that that was
just like three the homicide rate did
fall in Australia it did fall but not
because of the gun boy well we don't
know that you can't establish that why
did you say that well I said that it's I
said that experts I said so I said that
experts
seem to point to the gun buyback as
having a positive impact it's not the
sole reason why violent crime fell but
it seems like a lot of our and there are
some on the other side that say it
didn't have that large of an impact but
it seems like there are a lot of experts
that do a lot of studying that say that
it didn't have an impact regardless of
Australia don't know I went back there
okay I'm trying to make this very simple
okay you did you started well okay so if
you have a state that has two homicides
per 100,000 and then you increase the
you increase the gun laws there or I'm
sorry you increase the right to carry
laws there and you go from two to three
so now you've got more right to carry
and then you compare that to a state
that's at ten that has less you can't
say that just because the state with
more right to carry has less violent
crime than the state with higher gun
control means that more right to carry
is good because the state with more
right to carry substantially increase
the amount of gun crime it's still just
lower than the other state that these
two things are not related to one
another okay so if there's as I've
showed you I mean you you responded to
this yourself when we look at your this
is what you're saying this is what
you're trying to sell people that the
more lacks your gun laws are are in your
state I don't understand how you don't
understand this you're trying to sell
the people that the more lacks our gun
laws are if we have concealed carry or
constitutional carry or whatever the
case may be then it's going to be more
dangerous the more lacks your gun laws
are what I'm saying is it can't be if
there are states with the most lacks gun
laws in the country which are safer than
states that have the most strict gun
laws in the country that's all I know I
know okay so do you agree that people
that have like charles schwab like
investment accounts okay these people
probably are more wealthy than people
that don't would you agree with that
people that have people that have people
that have like Vanguard or Charles
Schwab accounts assumption right these
people are probably more wealthy than
people that don't have those correct I
guess okay now that is a statement right
there that can be true okay if you have
an investment in out sure what will it
it will say for the sake of this
argument it is it's
which Oh if you have an investment
account you are more wealthy than
somebody that does not have an
investment account okay now just because
these two things are true that doesn't
mean that a person without an investment
account can just get one and become more
wealthy right what it means is that or
what it could mean is that people that
are already wealthy tend to open an
investment account and that's why they
get that's why they appear to be more
wealthy than people that don't right but
if somebody would have say can I open a
Charles Schwab investment account and
become more wealthy no just because
people with the Charles Schwab
investment account have more wealth than
the other people it doesn't you can just
open when they become more wealthy much
the same way that if you have a state
with a with right to carry laws that has
a low violent crime rate that doesn't
mean that you can just expand your right
to carry laws and get a low violent
crime rate because those know that
that's that's that's what I'm saying I'm
saying that it's it's not because
they've expanded their right to carry
laws that possibly that their their
crime rate is higher it's not because
they have easy access to firearms that
their crime rate or their murder rate is
higher that's exactly what I'm saying
that's why but then you gave me as an
example I know me away well I don't
because you didn't get away from this
sure cuz you gave me an example of Ohio
me where it looks like they increase
their right to carry [ __ ] and there's
some violent crime like seems like it
increased or their their homicide their
murder rates increased no their homicide
rate went from three point something to
two point no it went from one point four
through that three point something
that's the year when that went into
effect were their right to carry laws
opening and getting to effect in July of
2011 so you would at you would you would
assume that this would just keep ticking
up but it's not well it's not but it is
compared to the years prior two point
four two point nine two point seven two
point seventies are all higher than many
than most things provide five right now
that's what I'm saying if this if this
argument a B it would have been one look
let's go back to okay look at the
Burlington let's go back to 2007 it was
three point one then one point nine then
two then one point four maybe it would
have dropped from one point two it was
the exact same as 2011 this is what I'm
saying I'm saying you can't say without
a shadow of a doubt that that easier
access to firearms is the reason why
there's homicide or the Lord's Golf
Course are you
can't say that without a shadow of a
doubt that's why I'm relying on my broad
study rather than your cherry-picking of
single states or cities not it's not
cherry-picking you are you pick you are
saying that this causes this I'm saying
well hold on a minute if that is true
then why when we look at these dates or
these cities does it not so if we go to
Google Scholar right now but we could do
is we could type in that you can off
under some Charles Schwab but tirade or
something like that so if we go into
Google into Google Scholar we should be
able to type like increased gun access
impact on crime and we should be able to
find like broad analyses that seem to
state whether or not an increase or
decrease crime right rather than just
trying to look at like one or two years
once and they're up but this is what I'm
saying
where is the sample size from is the
sample size from the sample size on this
is going to be something like that it is
available in this we don't need to
sample such a city we would go for the
entire state it's not something where
you have to like get like study like
participants or whatever right what I'm
trying to say is just because they
enacted their concealed carry law just
because it's they give easier access to
firearms or you can purchase a firearm
easier or they told us now in California
that we can purchase high-capacity
magazines just because those things
happened doesn't mean that the crime
increases or decreases or homicide
increases or decreasing it's not the gun
yeah not not the gun you cannot say that
that 100% no you're never gonna say
sociological you're never gonna say 100%
anything I don't know why you can say no
I'm not I've told you a lot
I'm saying that it seems to have an
impact I'm sure there are many other
impacts so if I just type this into
Google Scholar increased gun access
impact on crime I just type that these
are the types of articles I'm getting
gun control and suicide the impact of
state firemen's in the United States
spoiler alert if you read the conclusion
restricting access to lethal means has
been identified as an effective approach
to suicide prevention if I keep reading
more of these or article titles write
more to get suicide I definitely want to
get this shirt okay
better gun enforcement less crime more
guns more crime
repeal of the concealed carry weapons
law and its impact on gun related
injuries and deaths this is an article
that we queried we could go through all
of these and maybe some of these might
even support you but like just pointing
out like one or two states or one or two
Boise Idaho Zand trying to compare it to
one to other cities is not an effective
way of doing this it's it's not one or
two what I'm saying is I don't
understand why you don't understand this
I know because I haven't understanding
here is an article that I just googled
repeal of the concealed weapons law and
its impact on gun related injuries and
deaths both nationally and statewide
firearm purchases increased after the
passage of SB 1108 although the
proportion of i-g our IDs to overall
violent crime remain the same the
proportion of gun related homicides
increased liberalisation of gun access
is associated with an increase in
fatalities from guns every single broad
study that I've ever researched agrees
with my point I didn't even have to like
spend a lot of time researchers because
I couldn't find anything that supports
your side all you can ever do is like
cite me like these single cities or
whatever to back your argument up but
you can't show me any papers any
published literature that ignores that
you you are saying that it is because of
access to firearms no I'm not I'm sorry
researchers that are saying I'm saying
researchers are citing these reasons
right and I'm saying then if this if
this argument were true or it leads to
high crime or it leads to a dangerous
place or whatever the case may be if
this argument were true and my question
and you just keep saying oh well you
keep bringing up Boise Idaho it's
because it's an important point okay if
I couldn't agree I don't think anybody
legitimately arguing this would say well
I don't care about your broad studies
that cover the entire US I want to talk
about one or two cities you understand
that that's like by definition a bad
argument right
the Chinese Jackson Mississippi Little
Rock Arkansas Lansing Michigan San
Bernardino California Rockford Illinois
Santa Anna okay seven second bring up
several cities several cities in through
you can bring up several cities there
are over 3,000 County or counties in the
United States how many cities are then
you just keep hitting I'm not pivoting
your argument stick with your argument I
won't it here's my argument my argument
is I'm appealing to broad analyses of
the United States to figure out if gun
crime increases when right to carry laws
are expanded what is your argument you
know several cities
right to carry laws and also lacks gun
ownership lacks gun laws yes my I say
that they increase violent crime they
seem to increase the amount of violent
crime and you also said that those
places tend to be more dangerous and
have higher violent crime and higher
homicide rates this is what you said no
no I'm talking about the previous debate
and I'm talking about in the Joe Biggs
debate well why are we going back like
12 debates ago because I'm using your
quotes I'm using what I'm saying what
find out what's correct who cares about
like a quote from a debate seven debates
ago in a totally different question
don't pivot wasn't saying like I just
want to know here's my question I'm just
a random person the US what I want to
know is is if we increase the access to
firearms in the US does it increase or
decrease violent crime and every broad
study that I've ever found and I'm
guessing it's the same for you too and
that's why you're not giving me any
every broad study I've ever found seems
to show that when you increase access to
firearms when you make them easy to
purchase easy to carry violent crime
tends to increase as well that seems to
be a bad thing in my opinion and every
broad study I've seen points to that
know that what I'm saying is who's
causing the gun crime though who do the
studies say here you know we do know
who's causing the gun crime it's mostly
by gang have to do with my argument if
you increase a masher that's fine if you
increase the access to farms for those
gangs then then they kill more people
that's bad - you're not purchasing their
guns legally at gun stores no but they
get a lot of them from legal peep from
people that have purchased them legally
that's that's called a straw purchase
that's been ruled by the Supreme Court
illegal it doesn't matter if the person
initially buyed the gun legally and sold
it illegally that still the gun coming
from a legal source it doesn't matter if
you my ok let me ask you this do you
think it's more important to control gun
ownership or more important to protect
gun rights I think we should have
probably started off with that um I
don't intrinsically care about gun
rights so I would say my goal is to
reduce the amount of harm caused in the
United States by firearms and then if
that harm like is exceeding I guess by
firearms well by anything but because
right now we're talking about gun
control but I mean okay but answer the
question do you think it's more inputs
very simple I think it's more important
to protect gun rights wait you think
that then why are we having this debate
all you have to say to me is I don't
care if violent crime is increasing I
think that gun rights in the United
States are worth that increase in crime
that's a fine argument you can even
defend that from a philosophical level
[ __ ] 30,000 people die here two guns
in like 60,000 of cars if you want to
make that argument you can do that but
why waste all this time talking about
like homicides are suicides and now you
now you're moving on by the way but well
I'm not anything on what do you mean
their suicides I mean they don't count
brik decreasing a person's right to
access a firearm also decreases the
chance of gonna kill themselves with a
firearm I mean that supports my argument
as well no it doesn't we're gonna we're
gonna get onto that but what I'm asking
you do you think it's more important to
protect gun rights or to control gun
ownership in this country there's only
too much I mean by control gun ownership
or protect gun rights do you think it's
more important right now do you think
it's more important your drive is to
decrease homicides in this case the
amount of harm that's my goal so
whichever yeah sure so do you think that
it's more important that we should put
controlling gun ownership higher than
protecting gun rights it depends on
which one decreases the amount of harm
well I mean if you're I mean what you're
arguing is more control for gun
ownership yeah because that seems to
decrease the amount of harm yeah so
that's what I'm arguing in favor but it
doesn't but it doesn't because most of
the gun crime most of the crime guns
that are picked up are illegally
possessed but that but they came from
legal sources first what most of the gun
crime is caused by gang members with
illegally possessed weapons that means
they're not following the laws like they
got them from but they got them from
people that were following the laws
that's the point they got them from
people that were following the laws no
they weren't if they were buying a gun
for a person that has a felony or for a
person in general that's a straw person
that's not following the law no no their
initial purchase of the firearm was
legally done and then passed that they
did some illegal [ __ ] with it right
that's breaking the law so why would you
want to enact more laws you're just we
have laws at all if that's your if the
on ironically if that's your argument
that everybody that's going to break a
law very much why would we have any laws
whatsoever so
an intelligent person would say well
obviously there are some people that are
going to break laws regardless but
making something illegal puts up either
one another barricade to dissuade
somebody or discourage somebody for
doing it or to gives you another point
to catch somebody doing something
illegally before they've actually killed
somebody I don't understand what you're
on around ugly saying don't make laws
for lawbreakers why would we have any
laws in the u.s. at all if that's gonna
be argument we should just have no laws
because good people will be good and bad
people would be bad that argument is
told totally like bankrupt wait that's
exactly what you just said you just okay
no no no no no no so if somebody buys me
if somebody buys a firearm legally and
then sells it to somebody else
illegally not you know please let me
finish one point cuz you've taught you
pivoted so much okay so you're saying
that if a person sells a farm to
somebody through via a straw purchase
illegally that that's breaking the law
and I'm saying that if they buy the
firearm legally first they're getting
the firearm they're acquiring it legally
we could put a roadblock up there or
make that process illegal so maybe
they'll get caught there or be
discouraged from doing it there rather
than handing the gun off to somebody in
an illegal fashion that's going to
commit a crime with it and your answer
to that is to enact more gun laws which
is only going to hinder the people who
are legally following the law who are
legally perching purchasing or what it
will hinder no it can hinder somebody
who wants to illegally sell a firearm
because it will make it more difficult
for them to legally purchase the firearm
first what no of course it wouldn't it
would hinder people who want to purchase
their weapons legally you're saying it
will hinder both order for people to
obtain firearms in this country that's
what you're saying yes because a lot of
those are sold to people that do illegal
things with it if you buy a firearm from
somebody who obtained it legally if you
make it harder for that person who
obtained it legally to obtain it then
they might not be able to sell it to
somebody illegally okay so we're gonna
go we're gonna go to the we're gonna go
to the gang we're gonna go to we can go
to the game thing I know you like
Chicago so much I think for Chicago it
was something like 60% of the guns used
there had been obtained from like
Indiana first okay so we're looking at
which is illegal by the way transferring
a gun from Indiana to the city of
Chicago that process is illegal but they
were acquired legally in Indiana if you
made the legal acquisition process in
Indiana
more difficult than the illegal process
of selling them to somebody would be
more difficult
as well so you would cut down on some
percentage of illegal guns that are
brought into Chicago because you've made
them harder to acquire legally in
Indiana here we are if we talk serious
about reducing crime shouldn't we
consider our underlying factors one of
those underlying causes is gang activity
which accounts for an average of 48% of
violent crime in most jurisdictions and
up to 90% in some jurisdictions
typically firearms
from gang members is from the FBI
firearms are acquired through illegal
purchases straw purchases via surrogates
or middlemen and thefts from individuals
vehicles residences and commercial
establishments this is from 2011 FBI
report gangs are responsible for an
average of 48 percent of violent crime
in to most jurisdictions and up to 90%
in several others so if the gang members
this is a trafficking issue only 3% of
guns are purchased legally at gun stores
of crime guns Chicago Police Department
has already cited that the 90% we gonna
say that's not the first point that's
not the first point of purchase the
three percent number I think was
something like 50 percent or purchased
and then a lot of those are sold
illegally thereafter now I'm looking at
let me go to this I have action I'm
gonna use one of these PolitiFact's
horses here is gun crime can it
committed by those who illegally possess
guns so this is from PolitiFact
mostly true they write it in 13 states
with the fewest restrictions on gun
ownership 40% of inmates illegally
obtained the gun they use Webster said
only about 13% purchased the gun from a
store or a pawn shop so we're looking
we're looking at somewhere around 80
percent 90 percent in 37 other states
including New York State sixty percent
of inmates illegally procured the gun
that they use Webster said if you look
at the most stringent standards for
legal gun ownership it's more like
sixty-five percent this is from Webb's
local data we have local data regional
studies have found that higher sheriff
criminals did not legally possess a gun
when they committed their crimes
research okay members are just going to
walking into a gun store just like yes
I'm actually I did research on this
because I'm familiar with your
primary source here so I went ahead and
I linked this to you okay so the amount
of guns that are purchased like off the
street or like in like the black market
or whatever that number is forty three
point two percent ninety percent that's
page seven here now obtained from an
individual like just bought from
somebody or given as a gift that number
is twenty five percent and then
purchased at a retail source is ten
percent so you ready is that legal
initially yes the people that initially
bought the gun is legal yes and and then
and when it's sold illegally I selling
it to someone else which is against the
law so do you not really wait wait do
you not really see how keeping it making
it more difficult purchasing the vast
majority we're talking the vast majority
of gun owners who legally possess their
weapons are not violent criminals
they're not this is a non sequitur this
has nothing to do what we're talking
about right now why would you hinder my
right to be able to obtain a firearm
easily none of that but you guys are
going after the ar-15 and by the way
which is ridiculous because some people
have sold their weapons illegally as a
straw purchased because we're trying to
reduce the overall amount of harmony in
other states that's why you would do it
yeah but only about three percent of
inmates who used a gun bought it in a
gun store and and we go are we doing him
at a gun store so first of all hold on
I'm going by the rear oh I'm going by
the Bureau of Justice Statistics please
I'm going by the Bureau of Justice
Statistics Kay this is the source and
method to obtain a firearm purchased or
traded at a retail source is 10.1% and
then obtain from an individual is twenty
five point three percent so that's
purchased or traded from a family or
friend or rented borrowed from a family
a friend or gift or purchased for a
prisoner hey say that last part again
the twenty five percent would you say so
twenty five point three percent of
people among state and federal prisoners
who had possessed a firearm during the
offense which they were serving time
sources and methods used to obtain a
firearm so obtain from an individual
another person is twenty five point
three percent what what about the rest
of the 75 percent wire ten point one
percent are purchased or traded at a
retail source forty three point and then
forty three
2% are off the street or slash
underground market so either via Africa
study from the University of Chicago
which looked at 99 inmates at the Cook
County Jail in Chicago in 2015 it found
that only 3% of inmates who used a gun
bought it at a gun store are you talking
about what are we talking earlier in
this conversation you were throwing at
me sample size a million times over I'm
pretty sure if I would ask you something
about like say the central the central
limit theorem or whatever about like how
many numbers you need to make a good
study or whatever I'm pretty sure you
won't know but that's okay but earlier
you regret you were grilling the [ __ ]
out of me about a sample size
I'm giving you a Bureau of Justice
Statistics report that is two hundred
and fifty six thousand prisoners and
you're countering this with a survey of
inmates with the sample size is 99 from
a single prison no what I'm saying is if
it's only 25 percent of people who
purchase their weapon from a person
you're saying it's only 25 percent and
only 10 percent who purchased their
weapon at a gun store okay so where's
the where's the rest of the 65 percent
there they were / today were purchased
illegally is that what you're saying so
off the street / underground market is
free 3.2 percent forty three point -
okay okay six point four from theft so
stolen from people that purchase guns
maybe legally forty three plus six okay
well here you can just go to page seven
here I like this just go to page seven I
know I if I don't want to let me go over
me let me see if this gives away the
because I have the hangouts on the
screen here so hold on second I just
have to make sure I don't give away the
link yeah if a criminal breaks into my
car and steals it does that count as an
illegal gun or a legal gun that's an
illegal gun but if it would have been
smarter way to purchase that gun then
maybe they would have broken into my car
and stolen it do you see the connection
there if it so you're saying you wanted
to make it harder for you to purchase a
weapon that if you make it harder to
acquire a firearm yeah it also makes it
harder to steal them or get them
illegally from other people
once again you want to hinder
law-abiding citizens from being able to
obtain a weapon every single law hinders
law-abiding citizens from doing things
yes I'm here with us further hinder law
just like we hinder people from driving
a certain speed steal weapons or people
young people yes this isn't an argument
yeah I'm in the black market that's
correct yeah just like we tell people
not to text and drive that's hindering
their freedom to operate their motor
vehicle just like we tell people no
drinking right you're talking about a
constitutional right and a privilege
like driving those two when you talk
about non so sure those two are total
non sequiturs well no I'm giving an
example of how we hinder people's
freedoms in order to keep people safe in
the United States but we're talking
about a constitutional right if that's
your argument and why are you
bullshitting about with homicide numbers
if you just want to say it's in the
Constitution
I'm not going to disagree with you
thinking members with illegally-obtained
with Natalie now we're not talking about
the Constitution anymore if you want to
talk about the Constitution then we can
talk about it when you go after the gang
members this is what this is what people
like destiny try to do in entry in Cook
County they erased the gangs database
they erased the gangs database where
most of the gangs causing most of the
crime in places like Chicago all over
the country not just in Chicago what
about in Jacksonville in that place -
yeah this is what people like destiny
want to do you want to erase the gangs
database because it contains too many
people of color on it this is many
people of color actually saying it's
racist it's the same thing yeah this is
this is what you want here I'm actually
curious how do you feel about a no gun
list do you think we should have that uh
you're talking about the FBI you
mentioned that you said the FBI should
be able to no gunless people yes do you
think we should be able to no gun less
people on the on the gangs list whatever
the [ __ ] that is I don't know what that
is but uh no gunless people on the gangs
list on the gangs database if they were
I mean if they committed a violent crime
then they're already not able to
purchase a gun okay but do you think the
FBI should like no gun lists them like
go a little bit harder do a little bit
more like upkeep on people like this or
whatever
they already did if they committed a
crime just because you're in a game
doesn't mean you've committed a violent
crime you I mean
you can be flying other ways right to be
in a game I guess I don't know I think I
think that you should have the ability
to know gunless contains database is is
people that have been convicted of
crimes and packages do you think you
should be allowed to know gun list
somebody that has been convicted of any
crime or as part of a gang yeah if
you're convicted of a violent crime you
are you are not allowed to have a gun
anymore okay that's that's a fact that's
the law I guess and I guess I don't know
if I'm for that I haven't given much
thought about that I don't know well you
were the one that was freaking out about
like the wanted the gang listed in terms
of 15 I haven't talked about the air 15
at all what aspects of it this is what
you're doing you know it's not I
literally told you in our last
conversation that I'm chill with air 15
it's like 50 murders a year from rifles
I don't give a [ __ ] about 15 yeah right
okay right but this is the approach this
is what this is what I'm getting at the
approach is to make it harder for me to
be able to purchase a weapon or purchase
a magazine that's how much work it makes
it harder for everyone yeah but most of
the gun crime most of the crime guns are
possessed illegally by gang members and
most of the gun crime is caused by gang
members why aren't we going after the
gang why are we going in reverse and
actually deleting the gangs database in
a lot of cities okay hold on I gotta see
this I got to see this what is deleting
the gangs doubt of it this is like a
total like we're totally off on that but
I'm really curious what this I put it in
the chat for you
Cook County Board votes to permanently
dismantled gang database Cook County
Board voted to start the car Sandra's
Thursday setting legal stuff sky let's
make sure the database can't be be
started the vote was a death knell for
the contentious database also called the
regional gang until his database last
month announced it had terminated a base
edition that came after no other no
other law enforcement agency agreed to
host it okay so nobody else even wanted
to do anything with it the ordinance
would shake swag immediately permits
Cook County Sheriff's Office for
maintaining recruiting or sharing
information of the database also manage
the Sheriff's Office to enact a fine
let's check into the tool though the
tool was terminated Commission I'm gonna
say that wasn't enough we need in
writing Anna one of the steps will be a
public hearing in the next 90 days when
policies that may be difficult people
find a to explain how it was used
the hearing is one I'll try database
offline in a secure location so we
destroyed could name the names of 25,000
people suspected of being affiliated
with more than 400 gangs and gang
factions more than 400 people and the
database were listed as dead and 150
others had a gang listing of unknown or
null according to report so it sounds
like this thing wasn't even useful like
apparently no other agency even wanted
to host it and it sounds like there are
a lot of errors in the database itself
what she said in her speech was because
it contained too many people of color
and this is the same thing that many can
you find me that speech because I don't
think you're I'm actually without even
ever having heard this I have a feeling
you're not accurately representing what
was being said there I you know I I
didn't hear she didn't misspeak she said
it was because it contained too many
people of color and that it was
borderline racist to have a gangs
database with too many people of color
on it this is the exact same thing that
Sadiq Khan didn't whoa why we pivoting
away to something I wouldn't yeah I'm
carried rather speed thing is if most of
the gun crime is is committed by gang
members who illegally possess their
weapons why in the world wouldn't you
start cracking down in the gangs you
might crack down the games what do you
mean it's illegal you know you said it
yourself you just said it yourself that
if you're a felon you can't own a
firearm you can't sell a firearm to a
felon you can't be in the possession of
one a field phone we already do
crackdown army to get caught with one
you get an arrest warrant for illegally
possessing a firearm thirty thirty
thousand gangs in this country thirty
thousand gangs a 15 percent increase
from 2006
obviously we're not going after the
gangs they caused most of the improperly
obtained okay you're right weapons maybe
I should get rid of something maybe we
should maybe we should
like the war on drugs maybe that would
have a much better impact than trying to
go after the guns maybe then how about
that I don't feel about that
ok fine why why don't you start talking
about that instead of saying that it's
the gun it's because because right now
we're having a conversation on gun
control right right we are having a
conversation I'm going so right now I'm
gonna be talking about guns so if for
instance if I was talking about guns and
you were like well if you really cared
about Americans why don't you talk about
getting a single-payer health care
system and then I would say well because
we're not talking about I want to know
we're talking about guns I want to go
after the gangs and not the gun okay
well if you want to go after the gangs
you have a lot of videos on your channel
talking about how [ __ ] disastrous the
war on drugs has been for the United
States wasting the time of cops wasting
time the ATF wasted time of the FBI
wasting all of our [ __ ] taxpayer
dollars hurting industries and
businesses in the u.s. funding cartels
in [ __ ] Mexico do you have a lot of
videos talking about how horrible the
world drugs is or do you only focus on
talking about gangs with a bunch of
black people in the background whoa why
do you always have to strawman this is
the same thing that you did in your
response video you were like yeah
because you're like a larger it's like a
white nationalist dude like I mean are
we really pretending what seriously oh
just because okay so because I mentioned
that 46% of the gang members in this
country are Hispanic all of a sudden um
oh right nationally no because we're
literally in an effort to prove your
argument you literally graph me estates
like with their percentage gun crime and
then the percentage of white people in
the state a weird thing for a non racist
person to do I would never even imagine
creating a graph I had what reason why I
had the graphs I've already explained
this to you in the beginning of the day
in the debate was because I was trying
to explain the difference between some
estates with Constitutional Carry and
other states with cup with
Constitutional Carry sure we've already
why is it that if I go to the videos in
your channel why is it that or every
time you talk about gang violence
gang-related [ __ ] why do you always have
like just images of like videos of black
people and Hispanics in the background
every time you talk about gun control
why what are you talking about them
nails and videos now I'm talking about
actual content of your videos anywhere I
go in your videos you just showing
images of black people guns why I'm just
curious just very I don't know what
you're talking about
can link it your own videos you're not
familiar with your own work maybe I was
looking at an article or something well
hey we can actually watch this if you
want oh and it's strange anytime you go
to peaceful people you always point out
to white people you know waving [ __ ]
flags of European countries I mean we
can look at that if you want I mean I'm
just really curious because it seems
like in all of your videos it was about
because right now you're losing so bad
that you you're going to I'm a racist or
something like that no are you being
raises an argument well yeah no no I
agree it's not it's actually not because
you could be a great points but you
failed to substantiate a single point
you've made so far so I'm this is kind
of the thing I'm really cares much if
you want get with it not the one who's
saying I linked you i link to a video
can you time stoat we can watch this
video together and I'm really curious if
you could talk to me about the imagery
you've chosen in the background for this
entire video this thirteen and half
minute not an argument it's not even no
but I'm just curious I just want to know
why I just want to know why in your
video every single time you're talking
about gun violence you've black people
in the background this is not an
argument I don't know what article
you're referencing I don't know what I'm
referencing your own videos Doug okay so
do you want I mean do you want to have
actual kind actual debate here every
single argument every single argument
that you've like showed me so far you
haven't substantiative with your own
data
the Wyoming point fell apart the
Australia thing fell apart districts are
getting rid of you I don't think of
Bangla I want to find I think they can
see that your arguments completely fell
apart since you're any audience can
decide that I guess they can look at the
graphs and they can look at all the
numbers themselves I'm not afraid of
anything all link we're not talking
about gangs maybe there's like pictures
of blacks or Hispanics or something like
that that's not my fault it's not my
fault that gangs 46% of gang members in
this country are Hispanic and 45% are
black Americans that's not my fault how
is that my fault when I'm talking or a
referencing normally I never said it was
your fault but you're acting white
ranges no addley I never crowd you a
racist
I'm just asking why they're all black
and Hispanic and now you just told me
why why didn't you just tell me that
week why didn't you just why didn't you
just tell me that when I asked you why
is it that all the gangs you show are
black or Hispanic why did you just say
well because most of them are why
you have to make up a [ __ ] excuse
man the national gang Center right now
yeah and we can see that the majority
are blacks and Hispanics wedding you
just say that initially why did you make
up some [ __ ] about going to like
white nationalist racist and all this
[ __ ] initially I just asked why I'm
curious why you show all the good guys
is white and like wearing these weird
[ __ ] Scottish scarves or whatever the
[ __ ] and they are Canadian [ __ ] and then
why is it that all the gang people are
black I'm just curious why you do that
and and instead of just answering like
you just did because now I finally did
one right now yes sir now you did but we
had to fight to get to this point cuz
you were uncomfortable to admit it first
which seems strange to me I'm just
curious why it took you so long to say
well because most of them are Hispanic
and black why did you have to get
nervous and say well I don't know what
the video was about I'm sure you know
what your videos are about you probably
do most of this editing yourself based
on the fact that a lot of these grabs
are literally made by you which is
pretty obvious because a lot of the data
is listed in a horribly disingenuous way
oh here's your here's your the Australia
gun thing that ends in 2000 tit - but um
ya know I was just curious about that
but once again you're just you just keep
going back and forth and no I haven't
gone back for that anything okay well
here I'm curious okay so he writes oh
not to go back and forth on the one
thing you mentioned razor you Minister
wait you mentioned erasure of the the
race erasure the eraser of the of the
gang database and you said that the lady
said that she got rid of it because
there were too many blacks or Hispanics
on it can you show me that speech right
now I'm putting on the spot here I don't
expect you to be able to reproduce it
but if so many they find it look and I
have to look into I was I read through
it in one of my videos I will have to
I'll have to send it to you afterwards
okay I'm really curious if somebody
could find that video I really want to
hear her say it's got too many Oh hold
on holy [ __ ] destiny here it is
wait is there like a video on this page
of her saying giving that speech because
I'm very curious if she says they have
to get rid of it because there are too
many Brown people on it I don't know I
can try to find in this other in this
other window here my point is if if we
should if we want to reduce gun violence
in this country huh and most of the gun
violence is caused by gang members with
illegally possessed weapons then we
should be going after the gangs
which we're not because there has been a
15% increase from 2006 in gangs and gang
membership where we're at 1996 levels
according to the national gang center
which i have on my screen wait wait wait
I'm sorry could you just repeat the last
one you just made so I said okay I'll
link this in the in the chat for you
it appears according to the national
gang Center that we are at 1996 levels
of numbers of gangs in the country this
increased since 2002 so it's getting
worse a year by year of gangs who caused
most of the gun violence which you're so
concerned about with illegally possessed
weapons and it looks like it's getting
worse we're not going after the gangs my
whole point of referencing you know
deleting the gangs database and in
several cities across the country it was
because it that would that sounds like
that would actually make it worse and
not being able to track a gang members
and people who were involved in these
gangs so the number of gangs looks like
it's fallen quite a bit now it went from
the most recent F estimate of more than
30,000 gangs represents a 15 percent
increase from 2006 and its highest
annual estimate since 1996 the National
Center gov I just linked you yeah who
run oh this is a dot cuff link
interesting I wonder which agency is
responsible for updating this so none of
these numbers are listed per capita
there's thirty threat there's 30,000
gangs compared to 20 thousand more gangs
are being formed this is what I'm saying
I'm saying we should be going after
these and not going the opposite way and
focusing on guns and hindering my right
to have a you know 30 round magazine or
something like that sure dick so in 1996
so in 1996 there were 327 million people
not oh [ __ ] wait in 1986 there were 200
and I'm saying in 1996 there were 270
million people and today there are 330
million people mm-hmm but we have the
same number of gangs as we did in 1996
that means per capita it's actually
fallen
gangs to people but we have one point
four million gang members we okay wait
so what how is the gang members change
do you have that is that listed here I
don't know estimated number of gang
members so that's actually stayed on the
absolute basis the exact same as well so
according to your source it's around
850,000 and that's actually the exact
right as it was in 1996 but our
population 86 in 850 right well that's
two to two thousand twelve it actually
doesn't have so in 1996 the number of
gang members was 846 thousand and in
2012 its 850 thousand and it's actually
very interesting that those numbers are
the same because not only as our
population grown the majority of our
population growth has come from Hispanic
people who are young and male so you
would actually expect these numbers to
be wildly increasing but it stops at
2012 the point is is no no no hold on
well no I'm just saying the point that's
very interesting from 1996 to 2012 I'm
pretty sure that the largest growth in
our population has been young Hispanic
people especially young Hispanic men
however the per capita rate of gang
members has actually fallen quite
drastically that's very interesting to
me
so go ahead yeah no I is very
interesting that the per capita is it to
2012 800 yeah it looks like it stayed at
about 800,000 of gang members which is
awesome which it sounds like the more
Hispanic number and the less that has
increased though and well but not where
capita we have to talk about per capita
right we do have to talk about per
capita so the number gangs begins the
sorry the number of gangs has decreased
from 1996 the number of gangs has
increased 30,000 its fifth since 2002
2002 the number of gangs has increase it
looks like every single year it's
increasing but has it done that as a per
capita for the population maybe from
2002 it did not from 1996 though right I
mean we have more gangs to people than
any other developed nation in the world
that is a totally unrelated to what we
were just talking about I don't know why
you keep going back to history related
it's absolutely unrelated we've already
determined that most of the gun crime is
caused by gang members okay hey so we
should be focusing on the gang members
and the gangs in this country we should
be trying to combat that we should not
be
deleting gangs that databases I don't
know this is deleting gang database [ __ ]
I don't think that this is something
that anybody talks about I've never
heard this talking before this sounds
like some really random thing somebody
pulled the quote here I also support
ending the use of inaccurate racially
discriminatory Chicago Police
Department's gang database which is used
to criminalize over 128,000 individuals
a majority of who are black and latina
--xx false get it right next I'll app
next I don't know the [ __ ] that means
false paying designations I've been
shared with ice impacting an
individual's opportunity to secure
immigration relief so this person is
making the argument that these gang
database just haven't been very
effective in terms of police and crime
well they made the argument that is
because it has too many Latin ex people
on it and black people but that's bad oh
I mean they say false designations false
gang designations are then shared with
ice yeah that's that's the reason that
Alma Anaya gave but I think that there
could potentially be more more other
reasons I think that I've seen what was
the quote again because it has too many
Latin ex people on it what was what was
the quote she said I support ending the
use of inaccurate racially
discriminatory Chicago Police
Department's gang database which is used
to criminalize over 120,000 individuals
the majority of whom are black and Latin
X false gang designations are then
shared with ice impacting an
individual's opportunity to secure
immigration relief well I I mean my
question is why would she even mentioned
oh because it has too many black or
latin x people something is
discriminatory we probably want to get
rid of it how is it discriminatory well
it sounds like because it was an
inaccurate member know a few hundred
that were that were incorrect I mean
that the gang had twenty five thousand
people said more than four hundred were
listed as dead or 150 others had a gang
listing of unknown or null that's that's
the inaccuracy that's why we should
delete the database of 25,000 people why
not
through it and make sure it's correct
well maybe to raise money maybe because
it wasn't very good maybe that data was
contained elsewhere so just linking your
random article here and this is only cuz
I've never heard of this before ever
this sounds like some random [ __ ] that
got posted on the Donald
so some experts saying there are
potential problems without the Chicago
Police Department attract suspected gang
members in a lawsuit filed this week
against the city lawyers claim
the so-called game is 25,000 - what is
it 25,000 - let's eat I'm just trying to
see how much of a percentage of error
that was wait you don't know with every
single person and that list was vetted -
though it might have been 200 out of
like 2,000 looked at or 1,000 looked at
that's 2% a 2% margin of error you don't
know that though you don't know that you
don't know if the entire database was
vetted before they came up with toilet
or maybe they only went through a little
bit maybe there are more problems with
it
why couldn't the city why not go through
it and make it accurate instead of
deleting the entire thing because it had
too many a lot next people on it because
what the lawsuit said what the lawsuit
said was that it seemed like it was
unfair and ineffective ineffective means
it didn't work and according to the
first article we looked at the fact that
no other law agency would host that
database seems to speak to the idea that
it probably wasn't doing a very good job
at policing crime I think that I don't
think that we're ever going to agree on
what the best way to address gun
violence in this country is I'm saying
going after the gangs you're saying and
make it a harder how do you want to go
after the games I don't know I'm just
saying you have no way after all of that
you have no prescription whatsoever if I
ask you what do you want to do about gun
violence in the United States you have
no answer whatsoever for me what do I
want to do about gun violence in the
United States I want to possibly enhance
and increase gangs - gang databases like
this okay sure can you show me where
those gang databases have been effective
in policing gangs is there evidence of
that anywhere or is that just something
you feel that's a feeling you have I
don't I don't know I'd have to look into
what police departments say I understand
so the fact you have to look into it
means that you're telling you feeling
right now okay you have no data to back
you just throwing out ideas you have any
means tested or effective ways of
actually reducing the amount of gun
violence in the United States or do you
literally have nothing to appeal to
whatsoever you have no idea why I know
it's more important to protect gun
ownership for me because I know that
most of the gun crime I don't know how
many times we have to say this but most
of the gun crime is by gang members with
illegally possessed weapons so how do
you want to stop them from committing
crimes but there's logical thing is not
to Oh
make it you know you can't have 20-round
magazines or something like that or
putting a grip wrap on an ar-15 that's
not the logic I have been talking about
either of those things have I I didn't
bring up say that why you think you're
being done sure but we've talked about
reasonable things right here we could
increase the ability of the ATF to
register firearms maybe we could make it
harder for normal people to acquire
firearms I mean there are other types of
things that we could look at but you
don't have a single solution whatsoever
you want to appeal to your right to own
a firearm if that's what you want to
appeal to in front of all the other data
then why even talk about the data at all
why not just say my right to own a
firearm is worth people dying in the US
no it's not worth people dying in the US
there's 10,000 or something like that
8,000 to 10,000 gun murders per year
every single year and it's not it's not
like this large epidemic that keeps
growing no I mean if we look since the
90s it's actually lower
right now today so it's not that and and
most of the gun crime is committed by
gang members so I would say go after the
people that are doing it yeah I hope the
tool Oh
this was posted on the Donald that's it
really I don't even know what I have
never been on I guess because in all of
my digging around I did stuff I've never
in my life heard somebody say that a
gang database is an effective way of
policing gun crime I've never heard it
before so it sounds like some weird [ __ ]
that gets posted maybe I mean there's
many gang databases I think I would
probably assume that most cities in
America the larger cities have a
database of gang members because they
have to track the gangs how else does
the FBI get the get the information
about all the gangs in the United States
I mean this is like a 72 page report I'm
looking at from the FBI about all the
different gang members in in America so
okay what does it do an individual what
is the FBI what is the FBI tracking that
have to do with individual cities
keeping their own gang database because
they get the data from individual cities
this is what this FBI report says so
obviously individual cities have to
track their own gangs within their
localities otherwise they're not going
to be able to obtain this data for this
report or police could track it and
federal prisons I mean there's other
ways to collect this data as well they
could
under federal prisons as well but I know
that they have mentioned in this report
that cities keep their own gangs
databases so many cities throughout
America have their own gangs databases
they track these gang members and so
what I'm saying is if if we really want
to reduce gun crime in the u.s. go after
the people that are doing it go after
the majority of people that are doing it
and trying to possibly get those guns
off the street which are largely being
trafficked back and forth on the black
market in in places you know that have
the the most gun crime in the most
homicide okay cool so here's like a
thing that um
so here's an article that I don't know
somebody's like me Ecuador legalized
gangs murder rates plummeted a
stunningly successful experimental
Jordan legalized gang offend the
mainstream u.s. approach to deviance
Ecuador legalized gangs and what in 2007
and murder plummeted in 2007 the crime
rebel nation of Ecuador did something
surprising it legalized the gangs that
have been the source of much of the
violence that's something even more
surprising happened over the next decade
murder rates plummeted Ecuador's
approach to violence reduction it's
about as far away so you can get from
America which tends to criminalize gangs
to be clear just being a member of a
gang is not illegal but because many
gang members are known to engage in
local activity US law enforcement
targets people that suspect's suspects
of being members and uses large gang
databases especially common in cities
like New York and Chicago to round up
young people often from poor communities
of color they may be deported or in
prison for years when we're talking
about criminalizing gangs we're talking
about the punitive approach in Ecuador
the unprecedent decision to legalize
gangs across countries basically
decision to adopt the upside I could be
through this harder whole article but
apparently this makes the argument that
that criminalizing games actually seem
to help their violent crime we'd have to
go through it but yeah I don't think so
I mean the countries with more gang
violence in in their countries have more
gun homicides in their countries I mean
El Salvador Honduras Brazil probably
Ecuador Mexico I mean these are people
these are countries that have more gang
violence per 100,000 people there have a
higher homicide rate so and more gun
violence and in some cases it's
something like six times higher more gun
violence in countries with more gang
violence so I'm not sure how
decriminalizing gang membership is going
to decrease crimes I feel like it would
be
really helpful for these types of things
if you would actually investigate like
actual research and studies rather than
trying to like pick like a few numbers
and see if that makes an argument
because it seems like for a lot of your
videos what you tend to do is you'll go
to like an FBI research statistics site
you grab like one or two numbers and
then you say well look look at this
right now why not actually ever like
exactly what you did at the beginning of
this debate you said that the homicide
rate decreased in in Australia and so it
was because of the gun buyback program
well I don't you know you're you're
putting your what are you projecting
yeah I don't understand no I'm appealing
to researchers that typically agree that
that probably had an impact on the
amount of homicide I mean we can go and
look up the studies if you want I mean
like the most of this debate has been
over the increase in right to carry laws
causing more violent crime in a place
and for there I'm appealing to a study I
wasn't trying to point out one state
like Wyoming that didn't you just
brought up that possibly not that
decriminalizing gangs and and letting
them form might possibly decrease crime
and and what I said was it wasn't just a
couple of examples I mean I'm looking at
the per capita gun ownership right now
and the intentional homicide rate of
what per capita gun ownership of the
u.s. is much higher than a lot of these
countries here and they have higher
homicide rate per 100,000 we're looking
at let's see here
Philippines Pakistan Zimbabwe mmm Costa
Rica all the way up to the cut the
countries that I mentioned Guinea
Tanzania even know when this autumn
olive want to say Venezuela El Salvador
Honduras these are all countries that
it's illegal to purchase a weapon okay
and so once again if your argument is
making it harder to purchase weapons
will decrease homicide I just I think
that it's probably the gangs and talk
that because do you have any broad
studies showing that or you're just
gonna throw random numbers at me I'm
what I'm saying is no no what you just
did was you just threw a bunch of random
numbers at me do you actually have like
any sort of researcher that publishes
something that says hammer in your
original point of decriminalizing gang
membership equals less crime
I don't know if it would in general I've
never heard that the gang list thing I
don't know I brought up what they did in
the ecuador okay and once again and
going back to your original point of
making it harder to purchase weapons
equals less gun crime I'm just saying
that that can't be true if there's many
countries where it's illegal to purchase
a weapon yet they have six times more
gun crime than we do here in this
country is it easier to acquire a weapon
there maybe it's easier to acquire one
illegally than it is to purchase one
legally over here it which is most of
the gun crime here they mostly purchased
their weapons illegally from legal
sources first though I don't know how
you don't understand that if it comes
from a legal source understand I mean
okay here's the thing okay let's say
that I have a store and that store is
called murder knives and I go and I have
a store called murder knives and let's
say everybody goes and they buy the
homing murder knife and then they
illegally sell them to a friend and they
go out and murder people do you not see
how maybe getting rid of the store
called murder knives might decrease the
rate even though the people that are
illegally acquiring them aren't buying
them from the store you can you really
not follow that I don't know this is
something that you mentioned before to
about brain bullets or something you
know you're bringing up murder knives
honing you can you entertain a
hypothetical thought I'm capable of
doing that I am I am capable of doing
that okay so when I tell you something
like 60% of the murders that are carried
out in Chicago are used from guns
obtained in Indiana you don't see how
maybe making it harder to obtain a
firearm in Indiana might decrease the
amount of illegal guns acquired and
killing people in Chicago I think it's
because of the gangs because if your if
your argument was correct if it was
because you're you can easily purchase
the weapon in Indiana and that's why you
have a lot of homicide in Chicago then
Vermont would make New York more
dangerous than Chicago because you can
to Vermont purchase a weapon and bring
it into your art population right not
going that population might not be as
predisposed to crime as another
population the population okay but this
is your argument you're not that was a
non sequitur why are you bringing up
Vermont it doesn't nothing to do that
we're talking about of course your
argument is because it's so easy to
purchase a weapon in Indiana even though
most of the gang members pertain their
weapons illegally a lot of which on the
black market and a lot of which they're
buying from people not because they're
purchasing it
gun stores in Indiana or at theirs I
think it's a very small percentage of
people who are purchasing it at the gun
shows which is what a lot of people talk
about as well if you're if that argument
is correct then purchasing a gun so
easily in Idaho would make or in Idaho
would make Seattle more dangerous than
Chicago or as dangerous and maybe the
people in Seattle whatever don't kill us
maybe the people Seattle maybe the
people in Seattle aren't as predisposed
to crime maybe there isn't as much
wealth inequality there maybe there
aren't as many poor people there maybe
there is not the not the causation that
you're saying this cars is this because
it's easier to purchase a weapon in
Indiana this is this is causing the
homicide rate to be high in Chicago no
it's not it's probably more likely the
gangs and that's what how did the gangs
kill people with guns and where do they
get the guns from thing they can where
do they get the guns from what where do
they get the guns from from many places
we've been over this several different
times most of them come from Indiana
where they are purchased they're not
walking in chilies or or a gun show or
just this this this this weapon here
typically a firearm acquired through
illegal purchases straw purchases via
surrogates or middlemen and thefts from
individuals vehicles residences and
commercial establishments we're talking
about a very large trafficking power
problem within the city of Chicago and
Detroit and st. Louis and many other
cities across America not because they
can go to Indiana or Vermont and just
say you know excuse me sir let me
purchase this high-powered assault rifle
that that's what I'm saying that that's
my stance on this entire thing I don't
know how that was a response to anything
I said I don't know how you don't see if
you make it harder to obtain some guns
legally it makes it harder to sell those
guns illegally I don't understand how we
keep running down like this weird
dialogue tria that has nothing to do
with the moment eating apples throughout
the world of it being we all were we
talking about examples through our
purchased a weapon in it to purchase a
weapon legally and yet they have six
times more gun crime than we do in some
cases that's what I'm saying
so that's why I do not respond to what I
just said of course that's a respond you
said you said this is your exact quote I
don't understand how you don't
understand if making it harder to
purchase a weapon legally that will
decrease crime and in whatever place
what I'm saying is how can that be true
if it's almost impossible to purchase a
weapon legally and some countries
throughout the world yet they have
higher gun not just how many know we
would have to look at those countries
right that's what I'm saying you're
you're saying this causes this and I'm
saying no it's probably a lot of other
things and I would say more so you can
probably correlate the gangs and the
gang members in this country more so
than you can the gun ownership or the
ease of firearm purchases that's that's
what I'm saying it's so probably a lot
of things like you said okay do have any
final points or anything final points I
would say we have to certainly go on to
suit I want to talk about suicide for a
minute because this is something that
you also expressed contention with and
you said that easier access to firearms
is causes suicides okay so go ahead why
do you think that the the accessibility
of firearms and risk for suicide and
homicide of victimization among
household members a systematic review
and meta-analysis okay so it's published
and the annals of internal medicine the
conclusion being access to firearms is
associated with risk for completed
suicide and being the victim of homicide
okay but how do they know that it was
because oh you know I have a firearm in
my house I'm going to commit suicide
because that's what they studied okay
but what I'm saying is do we not have
the easiest access to firearms in this
country of any other country in the
world sure we do right so that would
that would mean that probably per
100,000 our suicide rate should be
higher no that is totally unrelated how
do you think you're making
oh wait okay wait no so I know I know
what you're gonna make the argument is
so you're sorry I can't believe this
you're gonna say well what about in
these other countries where it's harder
to get firearms but they actually have
higher suicide rates is that really what
you're gonna go with yeah okay what's
the next thing you want to talk about
okay no I want to stick on this no no no
you you you are actually ill-equipped to
deal with this data you don't know how
to read or understand data you can't
interpret it about something that
pivoting your argument I bet you 500
dollars right now that we can bring in
somebody that is well versed on stats
and they will agree with me or 100
dollars if it doesn't want to seem like
a posture or 25 dollars if you want to
find somebody that has at least an
undergrad in some sort of stats related
course that they will agree me I don't
wanna have this conversation with you
without bringing on an educated person
first though because you were incapable
of dealing with facts like you just kind
of good why are you so mad because I'm
trying to let you have I'm gonna have
like a really complicated discussion
with something they can't read a graph
like it's very frustrating what are you
talking about just and you're saying
that more access to guns you know know
this in the United States but that
doesn't necessarily mean that there
aren't gonna be other predictions for
causing suicide all across the world
just like there's a million different
variable can accompany they might feel
there could be a whole bunch of things
but just because they have an access to
firearm doesn't mean that it that's they
wouldn't have done it otherwise that's
what no it does that's the no
anniversary
what you do is you take households that
have similar breakdowns and the type of
people there is other households then
you compare for a number of suicide
attempts and then maybe you look at the
number of successful suicides and you
see that the people that have guns all
else equal compared to the people that
don't have guns are more likely to
successfully complete a suicide that's
how you would do that type of study we
wouldn't then say well what about people
in Japan that is no bearing on the
question we're asking whatsoever and
then I will read off err again if you
could please find somebody with just an
undergrad and some sort of some sort of
stats background to come on here and
moderate this conversation I will gladly
pay for their time I would love to have
that conversation because this is like
insane right now like I like the
argument you're making are so non
sequitur they're like impossible to
address no they're not they're not I
mean I think it's pretty obvious to a
lot of people that these arguments make
a lot of sense your arguments are
ridiculous you're saying that because
it's easier for me
purchase a firearm it's easier for us as
Americans to purchase a firearm that
somehow causes a higher suicide rate in
this country that's what I'm saying I
would argue that it's probably a myriad
of a whole bunch of other things that
probably leads to suicide not because
it's an you know you could probably
potentially kill yourself with a gun
easier than a lot of different things
the whole point if you have a firearm at
your house you are more likely to
success slit my wrists faster than I can
load my magazines like that doesn't
happen so I don't know how you can argue
with the researchers if you want but I
mean right now we can both play this
game let's go to Google Scholar and
let's type in suicide access to firearms
enter the first one acts cited by one
hundred and ninety one thing this might
even agree with you who knows let's
check elderly white men are at the
highest risk for suicide firearms and
the most common method of suicide used
by young men and women in later life and
a greater proportion of older than
younger suicide victims use a gun the
psychological autopsy study ain't just
about these accelerating the risk for
suicide associate with exes mama
subjects included 86 suicide victims
aged 50 years of older and 86 community
control subjects individually matched on
age sex race and county of residence
presence of a firearm in the home was
associated with increased risk for
suicide even after controlling for
psychiatric illness elevated risk was
accounted for for by access to handguns
rather than long guns and was more
pronounced in men than women among
subjects who kept a gun in the home
straight away no how do you know these
people committed suicide how do you know
that's nothing new in the study can we
play here can we play science you need
this okay you do it I'm gonna wait no
I'm gonna wait for this know that they
wouldn't have killed herself so if they
didn't have a gun in their house there's
absolutely no way to know that okay can
you go how then it's impossible to study
anything I guess is that's your argument
possible to know that they wouldn't have
killed ourselves if they didn't have a
gun in their house that's how you use
controls that's why we have variables
you'll match two things up that are very
like one another and then you look at
the one variable that's different so you
can say hey this guy is exactly like
this guy except for this one variable
which in this case happens to be a
firearm in the home
and then we can see if that variable
changed the outcome of the things that
we're testing it's called science a
scientific method I don't understand how
I'm answering these questions for you
what are you talking about no that's
that's that's what I'm saying I'm saying
that there's probably many factors that
go into someone who commits suicide I'm
not saying what I'm saying is if we look
at the and this is not a non sequitur
this is this is an actual question here
that I have for you because of the ease
of access to firearms in America because
it's so easy for people to purchase
firearms in America and then we look at
other countries that don't have that
ease of purchasing firearms would you
aside rate can you in America than in
those 10 countries you're a bull chat
can fight against them your whole chat
can fight against me okay can you please
go onto Google Scholar right now and
substantiate anything you're saying with
some sort of study that shows that
having access to firearms does not have
a noticeable impact on suicide I would
love that your whole chat can work
against me right now I would love to see
these studies yeah I don't know anyway
let's move on the last thing I wanted to
address that's the last thing last thing
I want to address is you brought up
something I think when we were at the
Jesse Lee Peterson show you said that um
it's you said that the CDC hasn't been
able to do a single study into gun
violence in 20 years because of the NRA
20 years but I think they've done one in
2013 didn't they they did and that's
where I brought up I brought up at 2013
study mm-hmm I the CDC which referenced
the defensive use and offensive use of
guns in this country I said anywhere
between three anywhere between 500,000
and 3.5 million defensive gun uses
versus about two hundred thousand
offensive gun uses and I brought that up
and what was your issue with that it
doesn't tell me if those were successful
or not or if owning a gun helps you
defend your house right and so the the
point that you brought up was that it's
you have studies or data that shows that
it
it's it's more effective to use
something like a bat or something else
than a gun correct that seems to be the
data that I found yes so then my
question to you is if it's more
effective to use a bat or something like
that of defending your house and this is
something that you that you lied to me
about and I asked you because I saw
something and I asked you about it and
you lied to me why in the world did you
pull out a Glock on your stream as soon
as you heard some weird noises bumping
around in your house I don't know but
this is totally unrelated to this
argument but why did you pull out a bat
and why did you have a battling it this
is one of the most popular videos of you
on YouTube and someone sent it to me how
many views does it have by legit don't
remember this how many years ago 82000
views 382 that I have multiple videos
with millions of views I don't know what
an 80 tooth is it even posted on my
channel I have no [ __ ] idea what your
video talking about I mean I'm sure it's
happened I have a fight we talk about
firearms a lot on my stream but what
does this have to do with anything but
what I'm saying is you pulled out a
Glock and you said I'm not getting
robbed today and this is and uqu
you you pulled out a Glock on stream you
loaded it and you said I'm not getting
robbed today because you heard a weird
noise and I asked you about this you
would have remembered this if you were
honest with her wait how could you
possibly okay somebody linked me the
video this is from 2014 this was five
years ago I don't know what the [ __ ]
good I've got a [ __ ] ton who showed up
sprayed before why do you assume that I
would remember this three-minute excerpt
for my stream if it's if it's more
effective to use a bat to defend your
home why did you pull out your gun it's
possible that back then I probably had a
worse understanding of whether or not
guns were an effective means of
protecting your property so you would
pull out a bat today I don't know I
don't own a bat today would you pull out
a knife or something like that or
something other than your your Glock I
don't know I haven't thought about it
what does this have to do with the data
you're not just asking you're trying to
create visual opinion you're trying to
create my like my individual opinion
like it's gonna argue with the data so
like let's say that I had a killer meta
analysis which I kind of do that totally
proves my point which it totally does
you think that somehow by appealing to
the fact that I might do something that
might be suboptimal there
all of a sudden that means that that I'm
wrong
here's a question do you think that
texting and driving increases your risk
for getting into a car accident probably
but you know you want to know what I
text and drive - does that mean that I
disagree with that evidence I'm just
saying no no no I'm curious so you know
what you can watch me if you like you
I didn't lie to you dude I don't
remember everything I [ __ ] do on
stream this is a clip from five [ __ ]
years ago I have no idea
all right just me thank you for coming
on wait wait hold on wait do you have
any evidence that shows that
self-defense gun use is actually an
effective means of protecting a property
to refute the evidence that I've given
you that it's not
I would certainly I'm not going to be
pulling out a bat instead of instead of
a gun though that's for sure oh that's
all I know
so you know nothing is what you're
saying you know I ffensive gun uses
anywhere between 500,000 and 3 million
as a matter of fact California just
released the ban of high-capacity
magazines because the judge argued that
there were multiple cases of women
running out of ammunition defending
their home
there are as a matter of fact think of a
video when I first started my channel of
like a hundred clips of people defending
their homes successfully with a firearm
you think 100 clips of its rings of one
clips I'm saying that arm instead of
something else and so would you okay so
I can't argue against feels arguments I
can only go by what the data shows me
you're a huge lake feels over real sky
and I can't argue against oh you are
results that every study is of over
fourteen thousand incidents so over
fourteen thousand incidents in which the
victim was present 127 involved a
self-defense gun use self-defense gun
use was more common among males in rural
areas away from home against male
offenders and against offenders with a
gun after any protective action 4.2
percent of victims were injured after
self-defense gun use 4.1 percent of
victims were injured very very slightly
less in property crimes fifty five point
nine percent of victims who took
protective action lost property however
thirty eight point five percent of
self-defense gun use victims lost
property which is much lower
however thirty four point nine percent
of victims who used a weapon other than
a gun lost property those are the
numbers that I familiar with if you have
a study that refutes that not something
that just says a gun was used this many
times but the
number that shows the successful amount
of gun users versus other types of
Defense's that would be data that we get
our discussion about I can talk about
your feelings about guns it doesn't tell
us that if they had their gun they would
choose their gun instead to defend their
house it would have a these are just
people that didn't part that they had
you know I backed or something else and
they defended their home and they were
more successful than people that had
guns what if they had a gun in their
house I don't know do you have data that
possibly there was more break-ins for
people that had no guns in their house
than there were oh cool that one's you
have a study in Jacksonville or Chicago
or one of your favorite cities that
shows that owning a gun is more likely
to make you say [ __ ] in particular
2013 study ordered the CDC the Center
for Disease Control Prevention CDC and
conducted the National Academies
Institute of Medicine and National
Research Council report that defensive
gun use of guns by crime victims is a
common occurrence all almost all
National Survey estimates indicate that
defensive gun uses by victims are at
least as common as offensive gun uses by
criminals with estimates of annual uses
ranging from about 500,000 to more than
three million okay and the constant
three hundred thousand violent crimes
involving firearms so we're talking are
you done wait I thought you were gonna
tell me how successful those were what
if every single one of those was a
failure your study that you your study
that you linked and you read off to me
said that people defending their homes
with some other object
we're more successful in defending their
homes or having less property loss or
whatever then people who have had go who
had guns in their home were successful
that's that but that's what your studies
I'm asking you to tell us that if they
had a gun in their house would they be
more successful that just tells us that
probably there were more break-ins of
people with no gun in the home because
gun ownership is like 40 percent or
something like that of adults so that
just tells us that there were more
break-ins of people with no guns in the
home then then there were with people
with that with guns in the home that
just that that's all that that tells us
that's an interesting hypothesis I would
love it if you had some data to
substantiate that all I know is I'm I'm
looking at a video on screen right now
of you pulling out a gun instead of a
bet I think that I like that ending
point I think that is this argument in a
nutshell thank you for your time buddy
good luck all right take it
[Music]
