[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
hey guys what's up seven of of dice and
men today we are joined by all the same
people normally joined by to do the same
stuff that we do every single time we
play dandy on this episode how's it
going quite boo
life is great I'm happy you should be
happy too how's it going with you I'm
doing great as well life is going great
and I'm happy
how's it going with you Lily Picchu I'm
doing excellent thanks for asking me
Stephen I can't wait to eat spicy chips
with you
oh yeah I ordered that beer in a few
days okay
mr. mu Tony it's good just throwing out
some fire tweets about spaghetti and
meatballs good one
hey real quick if you guys what anyone
in here just cares just I'm just curious
what anyone here going to like your told
you it's like a world-class Italian
restaurant okay when any of you guys go
into this restaurant and order just like
normal spaghetti with marinara sauce
that's it it's like a classic dish and
if it's a world class restaurant they
must cater innard have the wrong opinion
what about you and Lily I don't give a
[ __ ] about fancy food I probably would
never go into a world-class Italian
restaurant acceptable Lily you're the
one this all hinges on um the spaghetti
have meatballs oh good answer Lily
that's all we needed
Hadrian oh how you done no I'm gonna ask
you I'm doing great I'm doing fantastic
thank you just do an idea break in
fitted cubes good nice good one guys
okay well so anybody remember Lily
that's good you're given the correct
answer don't let anybody tell you out of
it yeah okay but do you think Lily do
you think the meatball is 99 percent of
the dish you know some people might be
vegetarian you're right Lily vegetarians
should order plain spaghetti with
marinara you're getting good patron only
camp Lily would you say that the
toppings of a pizza is 99 percent of
what makes the pizza good
like pizza well that's the kind of
person these are some hot tanks that's
the kind of person on your side so the
rest might guess I think like some
toppings make it better though like I
think I actually really like pineapples
onions and what would you say about the
kind of person that goes into a pizza
place and just orders like oh I just
want to cheese pizza please they're the
person who wants to taste a good ass
pizza I think that there's only one
topping that makes a pizza taste better
you know what it is extra cheese that's
it that's all you know I like tomatoes
on my pizza yeah me too I really
tomatoes I think we're last we left off
our players Broadwick they had just
talked to somebody who did you just talk
to about the the stuff missing in the
mind
what was the employers named Lenny
wouldn't know this good out love it daph
usually relies on nevets for his
information storage I'm too good out as
well nevets you're the only responsible
person at the entire party who gave you
the quest I'm thinking real hard on
Twitter or something no Sandra is the
one that gave us the quest for the house
Sandra Sandra was gonna give a sequester
house
Katherine pout was when an inherited the
mine did she give us the mission yes she
did it was delivered through the
Chancellor at first but Katherine Pell
is the original the og dealer of the
quest she just wasn't in town at the
time so a party reconvenes back at their
office what is the day still to today or
what today is the 21st I believe her
Jesus tasters hotline bye
Wow yes time flies when you having fun
right guys all right
21st of January 15 12 the party gathers
in their office to discuss their plans
you have to open questlines
and I do believe it is time today
no probably tomorrow that lady Sandra
will arrive if she could like leave the
moment the message arrived
Jilla either today or tomorrow back here
in town okay got one day before she gets
back right okay guys we have what we
have two cases in front of us okay we
have to bring that wine back to the
Catherine Pelt and then we need to have
the one lady lady Sandra escorted to her
estate so that we can observe how the
ghosts interact with her now we're
running on a pretty limited timetable
here but I'm pretty sure that if we go
back to that little rinky-dink
what was it rust breast wick what's a
rusty rich rusty Ridge yeah if we head
back to rescue rich to the south we can
pick up the wine we can tell mr. Griffin
or whatever Griffith no no Wiggins I
think we can tell mr. Wiggins that we
found some wine on his property that we
need to confiscate we can come back we
can deliver it to her maybe we can even
stash in a couple of those lanterns and
then we can be done with that mission
turned it in and we're done and then we
can focus all of our attentions on this
ghost quest sounds great let's see what
dokey I think we should go get some wine
let's go that old that'll take us about
a day to get to rusty Ridge in back um
so so it sounds great
we have exactly enough time to get the
wine back and then go to get
any of you have healing ability for me
yeah Lenny is looking a pretty little
roughed up over there Danny can you stop
that being mean things to mean you're
checking camps or it's really
distracting trying to release itself do
you not have any hit dice Lenny I have
one hit dice so am I good to roll that
yeah you just had a short rest last
night you can roll your head down boom
you're good but now you're at zero and
I'm at 1 again right because what ever
one you ever won already
I think recover well yeah I guess we we
should probably track that a [ __ ] more
carefully but it's fine you got one I'll
call it wait so what what hell do you
ever know I max my fullness I don't know
I forgot that we rested okay so are we
are we on a long rest we did we did
declare that we were so I think we
started it right from the Reno might
have whatever yeah yeah if you leave
town and hike through the hills you'll
lose your long rest status because it's
exerting yourself wait while that is
true they specifically did not come with
us when me and the Barbarian Lenny went
down yeah investigate so is it correct
yes we should see how many days they're
on for that I don't remember when they
started I'd like to know if we're on the
21st
Oh went Saturday they served on Saturday
the 19th and then you guys went back to
rusty Ridge and then came back and
that's all that's happened so they're on
day two of their long rest
um and if just Lenny and Ebbets were to
go retrieve the wine and we were to
continue resting would would they be
able to make it back in a timely manner
no problem wait le Corbeau we can carry
all those wine cases on the way back
maybe not all of the wine cases there's
way too much for even the four of you to
carry we could even get a heart or a
bear you mean some sort of like can we
run a base to bear their carts Oh miss
Toki can we buy donkey
how would a donkey we can use you as a
donkey Lenny Oh Toki you're come on our
long bill wait can't we just rent like
some sort of like thing to like haul
stuff if you want
so rental services are a problem Anna
Simon age with have credit cards if you
want to rent something you pay the full
cost upfront and then you get like you
know 75 or 80 percent back if you return
the animal and everything in good
condition donkey I think it's like 800
bucks 800 bits copper or not though and
that was five gold double checking my
numbers here mule ass or donkey is eight
gold pieces also has 800 copper 800 bit
signal books and what uh I'm just a cart
could be could be carrying a cart by
ourselves like not in this rough terrain
you would need a cart pulled by animals
and you'd probably need like a good cart
driver and a good animal handler to pull
a car over this terribly awful terrain
so we couldn't do it yeah you want a
specialist to do that we couldn't or we
shouldn't you shouldn't well we could we
won't we won't we were what if we were
to UM if we all go how many boxes of
wine do we leave we could hire a cart
driver yeah as cart who does car your
ring yes you could find a caterer a cart
over a cardiologist not yeah let's do
that
fine let's find out let's find courrier
of sorts find somebody to do the
shipping for us well let's go at him
down well let's go to back let's do it
perfect you can very easily find someone
in town who will haul goods for you it's
a short haul trucker as we're gonna be
calling them
is a slightly older human woman her name
is is Lily her name is Lily you're not
the only one in the world with that name
Lily I don't know why you'd be so
surprised at that because you're acting
really shocked
I like that quaint mood there's a lot of
topics on that pizza good bike what
happened two days ago can we focus on
her game lily has to leave in like two
minutes okay so let's go the car driver
has to leave in two minutes is what he's
saying yes she's got a schedule she
needs to get out of town how much how
much how much is this I shall charge you
100 a day then if you do there I'll
daebak hundred copper a day sounds good
all right I'll set it up Oliver we can
she take all of the wine she will be
able to carry more wine than exists
there awesome um have extra wheel oh of
course I do yes
I got two extra wheels and an extra axle
just in case something breaks I'm used
to these hit leaps but that's only one
one gold piece you said 100 copper right
yep yes per day fifty nine gold boys all
right wait two days yep math is good
y'all got it you make it to the rusty
Ridge without any problems of whatsoever
it's a quick and easy journey the day is
beautiful not too hot just enough cloud
cover you see no trolls or monsters
along a path of any kind and you guys
pull on into rusty Ridge late that
afternoon let us get some town music
going on what is the plan once you pull
on into rusty Ridge you guys and your
your cart here how are you gonna load
all this [ __ ] into the cart and get away
without anyone noticing why does no one
have to notice yeah we
wait let's let's talk about this okay so
Daffy what do you think is the best way
for us to handle this situation we have
a bunch of wine that's unknown is not
wait after staying behind to consume
long resting wait are they
but we're still discussing it right did
the RT did their D leave I mean I'm sure
to discuss this right okay
that's um I I don't think there's any
reason for us to keep it undercover
right I mean the wine was stolen we were
hired to do it
I'm sure we have a contract to prove
that we could give the contract do we
yeah yeah sure okay we can give the
contract to the to you guys to show
anyone that questions us we have every
right to do this and be here okay is it
possible that I could get like a piece
of paper or something that would have
like the emblem of the mine on it in the
contract and prove it that we have yeah
right - yeah if you revisit Katherine
Phelps I'll write you a formal contract
sign it with her seal stamp it with the
black paw mine seal as well and we'll be
official that's all I want okay cool all
right yeah then we're good to go I'll
tell Wiggin that um that we believe that
we he has some wine on his property
he'll walk us through his thing if we
spot the crates and I know it was like
where they are show them to him and then
we'll bring the wine back do you have to
confront Wiggin him Wiggins about it I
mean it's a matter we break into his
warehouse yeah okay I mean if he if he
gives you any trouble then hopefully you
you guys make it out alive
yeah well thank you no all right you
arrived in the late afternoon
mhm where do you go you go straight to
the storehouse um somewhere else first
we'll go to Wiggins property or I guess
like the Wiggins house or whatever where
we would expect him to be sure you can
you want me to beat them up nimitz um no
Lenny nothing like that don't worry okay
all right you arrived here at the
Wiggins property and as you pull up with
your carts and everything you can see in
the window from the house pull them
aside one of the curtains there is a
middle-aged woman peering out at you
guys just casually observing not
interrupting okay I guess start loading
wine no no no hold on money can I um I
walk up to the door and go ahead and
knock oh yeah she meets you at the
doorway and pokes her head outside hi
there I'm mrs. Wiggins how can I help
you hey we were looking for your husband
mr. Wiggins mmm what did he do um he's
not in any trouble
we just have reason to believe that
there might have been some goods that
might have wound up in his storehouse by
we believe mistake right now I don't
have any reason to suspect he's been
involved in any foul play I think he
might just be an unwitting party to a
contract that we are currently
investigating he is so nice to those
people that and he just lets them take
advantage of him whatever it possible
let me go get him for you and she
shuffles off and comes back just a
minute later with her husband mr.
Wiggins he looks at you kind of
sheepishly goes my wife tells me uh
there's some problems um mr. Wiggins so
do you know everything that is within
the confines of your storehouse right
now are you aware of every object in
there you have everything accounted for
I mean it's a big stole house there's a
lot of things and I don't know my
letters so uh do you like write an
inventory list or any type of schedule
anywhere for I can't read a ride I just
bring in supplies and hold them until
someone comes back to reclaim them again
yeah it's newsletters real good do you
have do you have a reason to believe
that anybody else might have access to
your warehouse
just me the missus and a couple of labor
hands that helped me out okay well if
you could for me we'd like to take a
look inside we have reason to believe
that a couple of boxes of very very
valuable wine might have wound up in
there it probably shouldn't be in there
right now I have a contract and then I
like I take out the contract but I
assume that he can't really read but I
kind of like point to the emblem and I
say we have a contract right here from
the owners of a mine quite far to the
north of here that believe some wine
that was stolen out of their mind out of
the black pot mine symbol I know that
yeah so we were wondering if we could
just take a quick stroll through your
warehouse to see if any of that wine
might have wound up there
give me a persuasion check and advantage
because you're very kind and reasonable
and charming this is coming off really
easy like he doesn't feel threatened at
all hold on persuasion he's gonna give
you other things out well I would be
remiss if I didn't you know I can't just
let people look through my my clients
stuff willy-nilly but let me go get the
the share for these parts and have him
come along with us just to keep
everything on the level mm-hmm all right
so he will head off grab the sheriff who
comes back he's got like a leather not
breastplate on but like a UH like a
boiled leather breastplate I guess we're
gonna call him now and a club dangling
off of his belt he's got a pair of
manacles on his other side he looks like
he's been the sheriff for these parts
since he was born he's maybe in his
mid-70s he walks with a bit of a limp
he's got a big fat belly his hands are
soft from the lack of work that needs to
be done sheriffing around these parts
and you can see the greedy look in his
eyes as he approaches you guys and the
wagon mr. Wiggins tells me you got a
look in his storehouse and I'm here to
keep an eye on everything made sure it's
all copacetic as they say you also got a
contract yes we do Sheriff and then I
I'll present him with the contract I
sent he should be able to read or maybe
he takes it and he looks over he reads
it kind of slowly you can see him
mouthing out the sounds to each word as
he read
mm-hmm and at the end he hands it back
over and goes well I don't see any
prints a cron Wieck signature seal here
is looks like a private matter mr.
Wiggins you are well within your right
to deny people access to your storehouse
in this situation and mr. Wiggins looks
back between him and to you guys and you
can feel the nervousness in his eyes
he's like ooh ooh mr. Wiggins this is
absolutely correct your sheriff is
absolutely correct this is indeed a
private matter
however this is a sizable amount of wine
that is in your storehouse I think that
it's probably best for all parties
involved if the prince of quran ouack
doesn't get involved in this matter one
I'm sure that the mind doesn't want to
let out that a bunch of product was
stolen from them I don't know how the
prince would look at that and I'm sure
that you mr. Wigan
probably don't want a whole bunch of
wine that's been stolen to turn up in
your storehouse and I'm sure you Sheriff
don't want people to find out that your
town may have been the accomplice of a
sizable portion of stolen goods being
hidden there we're not trying to go
through and steal anything I can tell
you exactly the boxes we're looking for
and then you can go through and you can
tell me if any of the crates match up
with the symbol if they're not we won't
ask any more questions and we'll just be
on our way
the sheriff gives mr. Wiggins a slight
knowledge and he goes and grabs a key
and you guys can enter the storehouse
very well don't take inspiration for
that that was like surprisingly
reasonable and well done have you
considered a job in law enforcement
that's why I'm nervous okay Lilly why
did you let in I rent here all right you
can step on into the storehouse and look
around okay so I mean obviously I kind
of like pretend to look in the corners
look around not really seeing anything
and then when we approach the boxes that
I see in the corner there is mr. Wiggins
with us mr. Wiggins is with you okay he
did he did we I don't need the toga but
like I would so I would ask him I would
say like hey you mind taking a look at
those crates over there that are beneath
that I don't want to mess with anything
or touch anything in here I'm trying to
be as respectful of your property as
possible but those crates kind of look
like they're a little out of place she
goes back there and starts moving things
and you can hear him say well I'll
recognize these crates at all and he
quickly moves things with the help the
sheriff and sure enough there are some
crates with the big seal of black paw
mine stamped right on their front side
Sheriff lets out a low whistle looks to
mr. Wiggins and says well mr. Wiggins
you got any idea how these crates come
into your property I'm just weak and
shakes his head he looks back to you
Nebat sand goes how'd you know these
were here you know as we're all aware
here this is a private matter matter
we had tips and cron ouack that it was
possible that the wine could have been
stored in any number of store houses
among the small towns here to the south
and we have this place we've checked two
others and we have two others after it
we were checking there just so happens
that it was here not entirely sure why
it would be in the storehouse but when I
get paid to ask questions they just
wanted their wine back well if that
ain't your one mr. Wiggins I recommend
you hand that over to these gentlemen
right quick and this all whole thing can
be forgotten with when they do they hand
it over look if you split mr. Wiggins is
very apologetic the whole time aha I'm
so sorry so I don't know how it got in
here you know it's just I'm just all
things I guess someone must have broken
in or stolen a key you know security
around here is not not super-tight we
don't get a lot of people we don't trust
there's anything I could do to be a help
of thee - uh - Lord silver horn happy
happy to do it now your town has been
very accommodating Thank You sheriff
Thank You mr. Wiggins maybe if we ever
need anything stored in the future for
passing by maybe we'll come back and see
if we can get real man but yeah
otherwise Wiggins yes are these apples
yes they are how much for three apples
I'll pull out like two copper pieces
sure that'll be good that'll be good
thank you
I'll take you see a weird look exchanged
between him and the sheriff but it all
goes smoothly and you can take your
apples take three of the finest Apple
this has been like the smoothest mission
we've ever had Steve you've done great
right it's late wagon driver doesn't
Lilly doesn't want to grab the wagon at
night for obvious reasons so you guys
will have to stay here in town let's see
the sheriff will offer to put you guys
up on his dirty floor because there's no
end okay that's fine
you guys can just sleep on a dirty floor
uncomfortably for the night and head
back the next morning my god we're
making such a good progress
sounds good it's more than I bargained
for let's do an encounter check for the
ride back and there are no encounters so
you guys arrived back the next day
that's gonna be T Tuesday the 22nd in in
chronic okay good um I imagine that if
we get I don't know like the location
right in this town if we have all of
these like wine crates dropped off at
our place
getting them to Catherine Pelt should be
trivial right or yeah it'll be trivial
she will have people who will carry them
for you guys anything okay your two gold
- Lilly um did catering already pay that
or no she's what she's nodding her head
I took it out okay that's already bad
though that's paid nice trying to no
double charging today miss Toki I
brought you Apple oh are all of these or
one for you honey I got my dates mixed
up it's all it's one day later than it
should be it's that it was it's the 23rd
now that you're arriving so you arrived
back and we're gonna flip over to the
two people who stayed in town for a
little bit because it is all in the
morning that's player the party will be
arriving full arrive later in the
afternoon though that lady Sandra
returns to you she arrives that morning
and appears at your door with no various
operations agency I'll go answer the
door there's lady saundra standing
before you hello it's so nice to see you
again please come in Toki would you like
to grab
yes I go up to make some tea for her
excellent now I heard that you were
calling me back and I hope that's
because everything is done but just in
case it wasn't we arrived last night and
we stayed at the nearby Inn so here I am
first thing in the morning to ask you if
my house is fine little clear of those
dastardly ghosts Wow lady Sondra your uh
your your your intelligence is is very
apparent sorry sorry um thank you okay
anyway uh actually and the reason we
called you back is because we have not
dealt with these with these ghosts yet
and we have some strange news and have
uncovered some strange things about
these ghosts you spent a fortnight and
you still haven't solved this problem
lady Sondra please have any ghosts been
seen by townspeople I would hate for
people to know about what's going on in
there I come back let the tea perfect
maybe some biscuits please lady Sondra
have some tea it's uh it's all right um
there's nothing to worry about we we've
been working on it diligently however
ghosts are no laughing matter and
they've given us a little bit of trouble
um we uh we ran into a bit of trouble
but we think that your presence would
actually solve our problems and I can't
fight I can't swing a sword
no of course not we would never put you
in any danger lady Sondra you will be
completely safe and you will not fight
any ghosts or any person for that matter
however when we went to the manor the
the times we did we never saw your late
husband there we only saw multiple
ghosts and we suspect them to possibly
be the deceased miners and we were
wondering how the ghosts might react to
you
presents considering that you and two of
the closest or wait wasn't only the
Butler that's on I'll to say the only
the closest the closest people to Lord
silver horn actually saw him
so we suspect that he's only revealing
his presence to certain people I see
well then I suppose if you'll be there
to protect me I can be a part of this of
course um we would only ask us of you if
we knew that you would be 100% safe your
safety is our priority ladies good well
then um what do you need me to do um
when our when nevets and Lenny get back
we are going to go back to the manor
with with you and see how see how the
ghosts react see if we can draw out lord
silver horn himself Cal Drake will be
executed soon and we are also curious to
how that will go over for for the ghosts
as well see if that um affects them at
all okay
I will be staying at the end you come
find me when you need me yes thank you
so much
No thank you for peacefully and quietly
bringing a resolution to this problem I
do believe my excuses for staying well
as they are beginning to run quite thin
well rest assured we're going to have
this case solved in no time with the
help of your braveness and yes we we do
apologize for the delay we did not
expect fifty ghosts we expected one of
course but um but nothing no job the
various operations AGG cancels thank you
mr. death lady Toki and surely I go to
death she seems very preoccupied about
keeping this away from the public eye
which is impossible considering this has
been brought to the public eye
um maybe we should tell her about that
we do have the excuse of there were many
ghosts not one she kind of screwed us
over in that sense so maybe we should
tell her maybe we should minor details
see I mean oh then we might be fine yeah
exactly
now if she comes to us then we'll leave
that to future davon Toki yeah today's
problems are for tomorrow knees yeah
[Music]
alright let's let's drink some tea and
chill you guys can drink some tea and
chill later that afternoon nevets and
lenny arrived back in town and we'll
meet you at your offices everyone oh
it's been a night wait
yes with the cards with Lily how was
your uh your journey
everyone's so I've got some good news to
report we were able to recover all of
the wine I think we agreed we'd toss
like maybe fifty gold under the
container maybe a couple of the lanterns
upstairs and we could turn it in and
tell them this is what we were able to
recover yeah um
wait is this party lanterns the party
lanterns Lenny yeah no there are
different lanterns don't worry about
remember the party lenders were balloons
we just called them lanterns as a slang
Oh
mm-hmm yes anyway um so uh so is Lily
there right now yeah Lily's outside can
we talk without her there yeah yeah
she's outside she's not she's not hasn't
for the conversation so much gold did we
recover exactly a little question I'm
sorry how attractive is Lily let me roll
for it is really important I mean I
don't know I'm looking at her right now
she's Riku is there a token somewhere
what are you talking about the whole D
in the after okay Lily the wagon drivers
hotness is a solid sixteen what out of
118
wait hold on hold on you have to back up
because we would have been talking on
the way here we haven't arrived yet okay
sure sure sure
non-aromatic an hour yeah that's okay
okay that's it doesn't care about these
earthly matters okay all right are you
satisfied Toki I'm very satisfied I'm
looking at this Lily with big charming
eyes she's just a poor wagon driver
hanging outside really hot mm-hmm okay
when I when I gave her two gold I want
to wink at her and say I hope you do
more work for us in the future yeah
Jesus Christ get inside let's talk
and say being a wagon driver m'lady
how old is she she says the older late
60s for what race though humans okay I
got yes she's an older woman who like
was probably one of the most beautiful
women when she was younger and now she's
a little older but like still keeps her
[ __ ] together and still has that what's
your name lady something never mind keep
going
[Music]
so um okay yeah so yes I mean we were
able to recover all the wine I believe
that we recovered a hundred gold we
could toss the hundred gold in the case
we could throw in a couple of those
lanterns how much should we tell them we
recovered well I mean I believe we've
recovered 100 gold is what I found in
that one ladies are you suggesting that
we want to steal keep some of them no
I'm just curious
didn't you say we throw in 50 umm I mean
that was merely a suggestion we could
use the extra 50 for operating expenses
but ask Daffy as the leader it's
ultimately up to you how much we turn in
I'm asking how do you remember how much
we said we told them we found her how
much we told them we go I imagine we I
think we told them 100 didn't we I think
you said 50 did we say 50 yes did we
already give them the gold yes yeah oh
yeah we already give them a goal okay
that's already been paid okay and
subtracted from your finances right
right okay um so that's fine we can just
throw in some balloons
I mean lanterns okay are you gonna go
pay all the [ __ ] back right now yeah
wait well how many we have 16 lanterns
upstairs is it our note a solid shape 12
yeah okay so we could put like four
lanterns in the boxes and then take it
to all right do you think death
yeah sure these are all we found where
did we find them one small note of mild
importance are you going to put them in
the boxes and drive them over to her
house right now or you gonna like unload
the crates here put them in the boxes
and have her people come and pick him up
wait he's asking us if there's a
difference it's because there is a
difference hold on what well she seemed
she seemed a little sassy I feel like we
should go bring it to her yeah I feel
like we should but we were going to but
then quietly stopped us like there was a
reason why we shouldn't do that it's
making me wonder oh yeah wait if we put
the lanterns in the wagon and Lily is
there Lily is a potential snitch no that
doesn't matter we can bring one crate
into the house we can load 4 lanterns
into the crate is there enough crate if
we open one of these crises there enough
room to put like four of these lanterns
and uncreate probably not the wine is
packed pretty tightly in here and each
Lantern is kind of big you'd have to
take out a few wine bottles to fit a
lantern in yeah we know snake oh come
here huh
no in the crates like theoretically but
we're just trying to show that we found
some lanterns why don't we just carry
the lanterns by hand yeah we couldn't
say we found four of these like in
between the crates Lily was Lily doesn't
have [ __ ] all to do with this okay [ __ ]
that [ __ ] she doesn't need to say [ __ ]
or know [ __ ] about anything okay [ __ ]
abyss make sure
I'm saying Chad now Chad's dead okay I
mean like it's part of our like other
investigation we were able to find some
of the lanterns that we Lilly doesn't
you know [ __ ] all by this so like we'll
take four lanterns out we'll put on the
back the car and then we wheel it all
over okay perfect
all right you guys head on over there
wait you sign off oh okay sure you load
it all up you head back to Catherine
pelts house her abode and there you meet
her guards who recognize you now and are
waiting for you all they grab her and
she comes out to see the car and all the
supplies in it Lea Lilly's just sit in
the front waiting she's just a servant
and a watcher so if she doesn't say
anything
Catherine pelt comes up and says this is
it this is everything we're undercover
here is here's all the wine and then we
were only able to find four of the
lanterns must have sold the rest of them
for the Gammons those damn dirty thieves
well I think you have done an excellent
job thank you all and she kind of
motions to some soldiers who like break
open the crates and start counting and
taking inventory while she chats with
you
I do believe our original price was
7,000 I am happy to pay that if this is
all here she looks at the guards who
give her a nod and she says thank you
thank you for your services so much is
there anything else I can do for you um
no you're done such a good job for me
oh yeah I think all right you've stolen
I will get you a scone and she gives a
whistle a servant boy runs up and she's
like whispers to him and he dashes down
the street um excuse me lady pelt I I
hate to ask this of you but do you mind
throwing in another 200 copper for the
the the the wagon we had to purchase to
deliver of these things
wait that's would be the most expensive
wagon ever I think these prices are
probably known in the city right wait
200 coppers how much it was that's how
much you guys paid too much
oh I misheard that a lot I'm so sorry
nevermind yeah I don't know why I heard
that I was like wait hold on this is
insane yeah nevermind my bad of course I
will ha I'm happy to cover expenses
thank you so much I appreciate it
she will give you 7,200 copper yeah
there you go 72 golden awesome wow what
a [ __ ] teaching baby let's go alright
and I think that's the end of that
interaction um there's anything else you
want from her she's a happy customer
that you can return to and a person of
note in the city sounds good
so congratulations let's dole out a
little bit of experience right here
while you guys return to your office to
make your plans Wow we did it
see I told you you guys have always been
like just right about at the point and
now it's all coming together their
lanterns done yeah we do eight of them
mm-hmm yes we should change the notes on
the thingy over here there are four
lanterns in this room now that was
really smoothly bad happened
yeah no really well mm-hmm so you have
completed the original quest which is to
to recover the stolen merchandise the
that is worth two thousand experience
plus let's see what did you encounter
them along the way of this you did all
fight some monsters you did bypass a
troll which was a good encounter I do
believe you fought some [ __ ]
we bought a lion fifteen huh so you
defeated the a a the troll that you can
feed it well we avoided a troll and then
we defeated the troll who ran on right
anything if there's anything else after
that there was a you guys fought some
mountain lions and [ __ ] but I think that
was a previous question I think a little
mixed up
mountain lions was the it's all where we
all went to the mine yeah right okay
okay so quest + troll get our piece RP
and divide that among four members not
diggity damn everyone please take home
1325 experience points yeah 325 for
relatively easy mission with good 3675
eh
I think Lenny has less XP than everyone
else cuz you joined in late whatever you
said is your amount but not their amount
Oh got it
how much XP to level 4 wait what he just
said sounded right for my amount how
much should you say we get 1000 300 5 1
3 2 5 yeah I have 3675
yeah that's what I'll have 3,000 sooner
sorry I was told that we're all at this
last campaign so that's why you care I
don't want him to be at our level no we
need him to be at our level because he's
our tank I do believe that pushes the
entire party to level 4 then business
yeah alright before we continue with
anything else
why don't we level our characters up
right now we'll take a break we'll come
back and we'll hit the next part of our
quest yeah I know that's how it works in
oh that's a no it's how it works and wow
rules baby let's go
okay so first member of the party is
Daffy you lead the way why don't you
roll us an additional 1d8
plus your con mod which in this case is
zero for additional hit points great
great it's beautiful you you haven't
taken any hits anyway you've been safe
this entire time wait didn't you get
knocked out and
yes over and over again um war is pretty
big - right well let's take a look at
what level four is unless you know off
the top of your head I know that you get
either a feet or 2x additional points
it's correct you gain one spell which
you can pick from the bard spell list
you gain a second level spell slot and
you if we love your sheet and then you
either get a plus one to two different
stats a plus two to one stat or you can
pick a feat your choice
I love feed a good one
Kate do so do I uh do I get any level 3
so spell slots no not until level 5 just
two and then one that's right I don't
know if that means one level two and one
level one you should know you should
have for level one and three level two
totals now can I change any spells yes
you get one spell and then you can
change any one spell that you want I
think Mike and trips are kind of garbage
you can never change your can trips
those are set in stone forever
really well can trip so go ahead and
pick any one okay um well I do that
someone else good excellent
next up is dad Toki Toki why don't you
roll us I believe as a druid you get is
a d8 hip points per level do you know
you don't know it's fine and one thing
what's your Kanban which in this case is
one so give us a one d eight plus one
four hip points Toki
and you gave three guys what are we
doing here it is beautiful yes you did
4th level you gain a can trip a second
level spell slot and you get a wild
shape improvement and Anna bill
school improvement so that means your
wild shape is a little bit better now
I'll let you read that [ __ ] on your own
and you can get +1 to two stats plus two
to one step or a feat which we will also
leave you to do on your own and you are
at level 4 so that will change that
stuff next up is the barbarian and it's
trying to go in alphabetical order with
a beef so that is fantastic
mr. Mouton so you done with real good
Lenny um and I get to to strength is
that ok if I go to 18 yes it is awesome
no exceptional strength and 5/8 meal
right right cool right and what else do
you get as a barbarian out fourth level
that's it cool and last but not least we
have nevets you're gonna roll a 1 d 8
plus you don't have 440 4 4444
maxima oh my man ok that's close one a
plus 1 1 d 8 plus 0 you ready to watch a
roll of 6 here quite be ready damn guys
what am i doing to this alright and what
else do you get as a rogue
row fourth level you get you an ability
score improvement on a +1 shoeprint
stats plus 2 to 1 stat or a feat did you
know if you're gonna do nevets I'm
looking through the feats I'm not sure
we don't know how lucky all right
correct nor sharpshooter I want to
increase my wisdom like to all right do
it
excellent Toki that should it'll
automatically update all your other
shits as well so why don't we take a
break when we come back from break we
will hop into the next question
hopefully our players will have resolved
their feats and level up stuff and we
can flow smoothly the side of our break
yeah I'll see you guys in a bit yeah
what's up everybody all right the party
has completed their quest they've come
back to their house they've leveled up
their steps and now you're sitting
around because it is late in the
afternoon
the Sun is coming down soon it's time to
grab lady Sandra and enter the house and
complete your quest yes yeah
prepare okay so guys this our utmost
priority is to protect lady Sandra and
make sure she's safe so it would look
awful on us if we got our client hurt
also if so make that absolutely nothing
else matters if she is in danger okay
just make sure you got that okay also
she doesn't know that everybody knows
about the ghosts and she really doesn't
want it to get out but it is out and we
don't know how to tell her so there's
that too oh maybe know how to tell her
what that everybody knows that she has
ghosts in her house hmm hmm wait why
does everybody know again that's kind of
on univis oh yeah that's a bad idea
uh so what what's the plan here what do
you guys think maybe we say someone else
told not us
well not necessarily that but I think we
should just focus on getting this one
sold mm-hmm yeah I meant when we get to
the manor what should we do
who we killed goats I don't think we
should focus on fighting we don't have
much of a plan other than taking laddie
songs are there and seeing what happens
or saundra rather well what do we think
can't happen like we're taking her there
for a reason what's the goal with taking
her there Lord silver Horn might show up
and give us a clue as to what might make
him go away or what might make him come
out and we should be prepared based on
how he acts right so he could attack us
you could try to negotiate with us he
could try to attack ladies Sondra I try
to negotiate with lady Sondra you could
make a demand or a request
mm-hmm should have a contingency plan
for each of these scenarios right sure
um I guess if he attacks we do not
really want to fight him we'd probably
boy if he attacks we have to make sure
ladies on just safe okay that's our top
priority make sure we don't die I guess
we don't really want to fight them we
just want to get rid of them if he
attacks and we don't slay silver horns
ghost then this this investigation will
necessarily continue for several more
days correct if silver Horn attacks us
and we don't slay him there's a good
chance that this investigation will
continue for several more days
yes what applause girls pop up again let
me run they don't go far beyond the
manor we know that I feel a lot stronger
me but we kill them we'll see but I
think bringing lady Sondra there will be
a good hint maybe we should take the
butler as well okay all I know is that
when we get there stuff might start
happening very quickly so we need to be
ready to react you need to be able to
come up with a plan and executed
immediately death we should probably get
there before the Sun Goes Down before
we know when they start coming out okay
all of our all of our lives are hanging
in the balance deaf I hope you make the
right decisions I'll follow you I never
talk about something no I'm just saying
make sure that we're decisive when the
go start crawling through the walls okay
let's go
what about Drake's silver horn what are
you gonna leave him in jail are you
gonna bring him with you
god damn it boy boo hmm I don't know I
mean he didn't really service any
purposes while he was there
we should bring him except for a
liability right we should bring him what
some hardcore metagaming now why the
[ __ ] why to ask for not supposed to
bring him I don't see a reason why we
should bring him in game if he didn't if
he didn't respond unless we need him
Plus lady Santa Sondra there to get them
both at the same time again to react but
well we good lady Sondra would
appreciate us bringing man who killed
her husband probably not it was very
very very intelligent honey I'm just I'm
scared of the ghost
last time we barely got out alive and I
don't think we all aimed at finding out
what worked for this this investigation
specifically is kind of being used as as
what like a like a like an experiment
right what will happen so what if we
bring Cal Drake and Lady Sansa and maybe
Lord silver horn we'll go out and see
which one he is gravitated towards maybe
lady Sandra will draw him out and he'll
will get a reaction out of from seeing
children why wouldn't have come for kill
Drake maybe there's more to the story
that we don't understand all right why
were you scum all right guys why did he
tell us the ring [ __ ] Drake oh god it
doesn't make any sense maybe last time
the ghosts were coming for him okay
quitters like that best burgers man I've
ever had all [ __ ] I'm so sorry if he
black
[Laughter]
okay so you're gonna bring kill Drake
lady Sandra and the butler you're
bringing everyone that's ever been
important sure yeah okay you bring
anyone who's ever seen this man or
involved in his death in any way
let's bring the town let's bring it so
I'm gonna bring us back to the estate
page it is just before sundown you've
all gathered here you've had to go grab
lady Sandra from her estate there arms
like from the ad in and she comes along
with you and the butler no problems as
you approach and arrive at the estate
you notice that there is a small group
of people on the southwest corner of the
estate like if you zoom out you can see
my arrow it's like over here but like
where this actually becomes a corner and
turns around and they've got like some
chairs there's a little stall right
there there's some shade over them
that's our predicting from the last rays
of the dying Sun and they're chatting
and their little chairs are all set up
facing the estate what are they talking
about do we hear them I can see them
yeah you can see them and step a little
close enough to hear their conversation
it appears that they're talking about
like there's something that's gonna be
happening soon that they want to witness
and observe and they're talking about
what they might be seeing what is baby
here every like sundown
you have no idea never seen these people
before what specifically are they are
they talking about like so you'll like
stop to listen to their conversation as
you walk past them I will draw wait
talking to her about stuff while they
listened yeah there's people over there
that are talking and you might have been
able to catch like a few words as you
walk past them but as long as I can see
them I should be able to pick up all the
conversation now that I'm because for
the observant feet yeah if you can see
creatures mouth maybe Walt is speaking
with a language you to understand you
can interpret what it's saying by
reading its lips yeah Wow watch them
and they are talking about these lights
that keep appearing in the tower the top
tower of the the estate every night and
they're talking about like is it a ghost
maybe it's not a ghost maybe the people
are crazy I definitely saw four you
didn't see [ __ ] Jena it wasn't a ghost
of course it was a ghost but and this
they're just kinda like arguing about
these weird apparitions that have
appeared within the bounds of the estate
at night okay huh
Wow so not everyone knows about the
ghost that's good okay so um I suppose
we should keep going in the tower huh
maybe okay hear me out okay maybe we
should set up an escape on top of the
roof down from the tower because we know
there's goes on the tower she might end
up on the tower kind of escape route are
we gonna be setting up well do we have a
rope like yeah tie rope so that it's
like a it's like a you know zipline of
sorts something that we can go down
quickly safely without do we have rope
with us right now to do that I think you
so smart death thank you
[Music]
do you guys I don't think I have any
good rope no do you all right all right
uh soul I would like to set up like a an
escape route for us from the roof before
the Sun Goes Down okay so you're gonna
sneak into the building there well
Stinnett I guess not so you can walk
into the building and you want to set up
the escape route on that top corner
where you guys jumped from last time
yeah
so I want to like tie a rope up there
and then like go down you know like
drape the Rope down and then tie it
somewhere down there so that we can like
ascend it easily does that make sense we
just end up absolutely why don't you
just doodle with the thing that looks
like a brush the second button down on
the Left bar where you want mm-hmm okay
Josh a basin freehand draw shape
whatever I guess free man's probably
music I guess what I'm thinking is uh is
uh so these are the stairs right so I'm
thinking like down from the stairs this
is probably the closest exit so probably
somewhere like right down here right
sure
that's where you want to do it and
you'll attach it to like this post yeah
sure perfect easy peasy it is done you
go back down you meet up with the rest
of the party down below now it's just a
little bit before the dark ribes where
are you going to set up or you're gonna
set up outside and enter it like
eventually the Sun will go down and the
ghosts will come out where do you want
to be when they arrived when they emerge
inside the house right sure it's a
huge-ass house though like where do you
want to be in the house you're talking
about the front door but I feel like the
tower might be more important well we've
seen a lot of them in the tower what do
you guys think
one word us up the escape route up Maren
oh we already got set up the escape
route like we're where we should wait
for the ghosts to right I mean I like to
be able to move so being in an open area
where we can either wait or move or
retreat it's probably best I would say
but we're talking about lights in the
tower
oh wait and you told us that right lady
saundra where did your husband be most
where was he what where did he like to
be most in the house his library was his
favorite place and the he liked to get
books from there and read them and the
observatory the observatory where people
said mm-hmm I think we should wait in
the tower because that's where he was a
lot of the time and people have reported
seeing stuff there so and we also have
an escape route from there so it'll be
easy to get wait can I test out the
escape room to make sure it works yeah
it's all good okay yeah we can wait up
top of the dock just making sure COI
boot okay
nothing goes past me all right you ought
to that's exactly the sort of [ __ ]
I'll pull on you one day yeah okay so
for some [ __ ] is are all other
people with us okay with us ladies under
second oh it's too scary I'm not gonna
take the room it was really low
healthier Drake prison Greek silver horn
yeah all right I will give the others HP
bars as well quite boy this time we're
gonna be okay taking this rope down she
has not she was born a commoner she's
got experience with having to do hard
labor even though now that she's more
fanciful so she can manage herself a
rope
it might not be she might not be the
best at it but she can do it what about
dragon oh yeah okay except for the fact
that his hands are like manacle together
that'd be easier you can use it as like
a okay sort of yeah
he'll manage it'll be fine so ladies
saundra
the whole time as expected is given Cal
Drake silver horn the nastiest of glares
followed by like not even looking at him
and then like noticing him and you can
see the seething anger that lurks just
below the surface this is the murderer
of her not husband but for her beloved
and he's been quiet not looking at her
trying to you know keep what little bit
of pride he has left where would you
like to position these NPCs it's up to
death um you're the leader
I suppose we should have ladies Sandra
and the butler
I guess just nearest the exit because we
want them down first if need be it
doesn't really matter where they are
right as long as they're near the exit
agree disagree
listen just cuz I'm the leader I make
the final say but I want your input okay
I think we should have them on the table
on the what put them on the roof on top
of the Tang monk led to be clear though
this is a sling down the side of the the
tower it's not like a tightrope that you
slide down yeah yeah okay I just want to
make sure everyone's on the same page
here I mean I we're just all at the top
of the tower I guess I don't know if
there's like a particular ordering or
something that matters here but it
sounds like you're leaving the butler
and Lady Sondra outside and where do you
want Hillary I think we want them just
inside like so they'll be able to exit
quickly and smoothly right we should
still be around them yeah yeah all of us
in the room just in case
do you guys agree yeah that sounds fine
to me
didn't they come out of that fireplace
last time they came under the walls and
everything last him I don't think they
came out of her particular plays yeah
just make sure we're near the people so
we can escort them out but we're close
enough right we're just a few feet we're
good okay all right whatever
just be careful everybody the Sun Goes
Down you can see from your position in
the tower there's a small group of
people that has grown a little bit that
same group from before there's more
folks hanging out watching the tower you
can see by the little bit of candle or
torch light that they've got nearby and
lady Sandra approaches you all it says
to thickets it was a wise idea to leave
that row but it looks like it's
attracting viewers why are there so many
people watching us um well we heard them
talking earlier and it seems that they
saw lights from the tower
it's an it's not the rope it seems they
there's a bit of a spectacle every night
yeah hopefully it's silver horn and we
can find him perhaps persuade him to
stop haunting your house and get done
with it she who looks disturbed by this
news and your cavalier attitude about
the undead restless spirit that is her
beloved but it's okay you know you're
just just being emotionally invested
yeah yeah people get a touchy over their
dead ancestors the dead lovers you know
how could they do so the Sun Goes Down
it gets dark an hour or two afterwards
there is a an apparition that
materializes in the air right next to
Toki and right next to DAF it is the
ghost of Lord silver horn you've never
seen the man in the flesh but you've
seen his
pictures and you it's obvious who it is
and he stares directly at lady Sondra
who reaches out to him and he reaches
out to her in his hand kind of like
phases partially through hers but it's
as if they're they're grasping hands and
holding hands and they begin to talk but
you lose the track of what they're
saying as other ghosts begin to appear
around you can I roll like an insight
check to see if they're like pulling out
like they're like moving towards us like
a menacing way that's kind of the other
ghosts yeah the other ghosts not oh yeah
they're gonna bout to murder you
absolutely we need a roll initiative
right now okay let's do this [ __ ] one at
a time here there we go all right good
one guys
not my fault descending initiative we
had a deaf lenny toki a mission there's
a nevets two shades and looks like lord
silver horn is not rolling into
initiative he is busy talking to lady
Sondra and you can hear her just as
combat starts explaining to him that
he's dead and he needs to move on and
you can hear his raspy voice saying
something about like unfinished business
something about like missing someone or
something how should I say will they
just leave it at that and we'll just
start at the top of the initiative order
okay sorry we should fight these ghosts
because I think that we're not gonna get
rid of them without fighting them do you
just do you guys agree yeah well this
one's gonna start off the combat by
reaching out and touching you - touching
you deep inside your person accepted
misses he reaches out for you and you're
prepared
you jump out of the way of the ghostly
strength-training touch and the next
shade comes up it phases right through
the wall right through the window and
comes up to nevets reaching out for him
to grasp his cold shriveled heart in the
ghost hand but cannot find it due to the
lack of everything nib 'it's it's your
turn
true okay shut the [ __ ] up we're on top
of like the tower now this is all just
like a solid floor right or are we
inside you're inside there are walls
okay okay so I can move here and then
take an attack at this guy can you see
that I'm walking yep yep yep all right I
will attack with my rapier should be a
disadvantage it doesn't matter and then
that is a hit 3 and 9 is 12 damage the
ghost is all but killed in one blow and
then suppose it weight is that right
yeah you've been thanked damage it's
almost done oh right yeah sorry good
call attack wait and then okay I guess
cuz we're just discovering and do this I
can take it an attack a secondary attack
using my dagger my second hand yes but
you can only draw one weapon per round
or per as a free action yeah of course
that's fair
sure go ahead bonus action 13min uh do
you have advantage yeah from UM the
Lenny is right across me ah I see the
flanking yes that will hit goes and
it'll just do a flat d4 then flat d4 so
that b4 right
April before any added five on I'll tell
ya I'm looking at the role I rolled a
one D for world for I see so minus 2
would be 10 yeah perfect
Lenny it's your turn Oh Lenny will rage
and and Alltech with advantage of 21 0 1
4 7 7 which is reduced to 3 and the
ghost is near to dead Toki hello you use
a photo section to transform your staff
into a shillelagh did we I'm sorry we
skipped Oh we'll come back to you it's
fine they're all in the same order it's
ok so you make astral Aileen and now
what are you gonna do with the Toki
whack alright you step forward in this
spot maybe that spot there you go and
you can whack the ghost can you roll the
hip what's the button there was a
penguin it's on visual or tab it's gonna
be your quarter staff you hit against
all odds with your only plus one to hit
roll me some damage
there's something I can just click for
the damage I mean yeah yeah it's in the
the chat where you see the 20 and the
five the text but it says quarter staff
click that [ __ ] Lily
1 d6 minus 1 because of your very very
low strength Lily
use your spell casting abilities of
those strengths buddy Oh for shillelagh
you might be right
you're totally right so instead of minus
1 it's plus 4 so that should be 4 plus 1
plus 4 is 5 but also you're using this
in two hands you should roll 1 d8 + 5
just click that no not that text click
that text there you go alright that's
still 1 1 in 4 is 5 min to ghost it is
takes full though and Daffy it's your
turn now somehow you got skipped okay I
want to dissonant whispers um the ghost
right in front
actually wait um so dissonant whispers
how it works is basically um on a failed
safe its wisdom saving throwing a field
to save it psychic damage and must
immediately use its reaction to move as
far as speed allows away from you so do
I know which way it would move away from
me can I position myself so to move far
away from lady Sondra yeah it will move
directly away from you so if you're
adjacent to lady Sondra it'll move away
from her right now it would go in that
direction
so is it possible to move here and her
like here and do it through can I do it
through him or would I hit him no it's a
range spell that doesn't travel so you
could do it from there okay but if you
walk away from the ghost tickets of
attack of opportunity on you oh you want
to take that type of opportunity
I don't bother and
do it from here okay that's fine I guess
right um sure whatever all use dissonant
whispers click it okay thirteen psychic
damage on a failed save right great
wisdom saving fro okay here we go ghosty
boy wisdom damage and doesn't have to
move a way of face succeed okay I think
a sixteen is gonna be a pass against you
don't think your spells are that good no
still say fourteen so it'll take what
was that six damage and does not have to
move perfect alright now the next shade
comes along this is the one behind Daffy
and it will come right towards you
it is now flanking you it gets advantage
on its attack rolls rain your strength
and life it will hit you for five damage
and reduce your strength by four G's
your strength is that five if it reaches
zero you die period how much damage I
totally just five damage to you lovely
shade comes through the wall and it
comes over right to Lords quell silver
horn when it comes up to him reaches out
to him sixteen to hit which will
definitely hit him do fourteen necrotic
damage holy crap Karen uh well he's
definitely unconscious and we'll have to
start making death saving throws the
next shade is the one next to daft a few
just doesn't it whispered in so it
reaches out to grab you by the throat
with the 22 to hit doing six damage to
you they keep rolling really low they're
really 2 to 6 plus 2 so 5 or 6 is a 2
and a 1 or a 2 and a 2 Neptune assume
it's not a lot of damage here and you
will also lose
more strength down easy we're at one
strength
barely carry yourself a real the
remaining shade attacks nevets with a
21-2 hit 4:11 necrotic damage and
draining three points of strength from
you nevets that one rolled really well
okay it is now your turn Abbott's this
ghost is I mean I'll go ahead and tack
the guy in front of me
that's definitely at advantage still
because of Lenny correct mm-hmm
I don't hit 26 to hit that will kill the
ghost it vanishes okay all right
fighting with to the end with our
friends I should be able to slip over
here yeah you can squirt the edges yep
and then I should be able to take in an
attack yeah with my dagger yes ghost
this is that advantage yes in between us
yes 25 bit he'll hit three six piercing
plus my sneak attack as I didn't use
them in the last one right
so 14 and reduced to seven wow the ghost
is withering before your very eyes death
you're almost dead what are you gonna do
I am going to use shatter which is an
AoE spell to hood both of them a sudden
loud ringing noise painfully intense
erupts from a point within your choice
each creature in a 10-foot radius sphere
centered on that point must make a con
save or take actually 10-foot it's only
the ghosts in Toki that'll get hit right
10-foot radius so where are you
originating it from you to me me from
you so that'll be just barely not lady
saundra it will hit Lord silver horde
and we'll hit the two ghosts it'll hit
Toki it'll hit nevets it'll hit [ __ ]
everybody I move like right here will it
will they get an attack of opportunity
on me
oh no that's close enough that they
won't so will I still hit everybody if I
know that will from here I mean you
don't have to orange originated it on
yourself you could originate it at like
this so you can originate it like back
here or so yeah I wanna i want to
originate it back there so that I hit
the ghost but no one else I'm sure I'm
sure there's a way I can do that right
yeah you'll hit this ghost that ghost
and yourself but I don't think it can
harm me right
Oh certainly it can each creature that's
you - what oh yeah okay um I will can I
move a little bit yeah where you want to
go but they'll get an attack of
opportunity on me
if you leave their reach they will if I
move right here will they if your attack
is so fabulous that you're able to do
enough damage so we can take them out we
can pick you up if you damages what are
you gonna do - if I move right here can
I get them on the tip and not me without
getting out yes so you're gonna be
squeezed with Toki's you like I promise
okay close enough that HR is gonna have
a problem with you and then you cast
your spell go ahead and put it in shop
for us and roll us three d8 Thunder
damage oh my god
- one's awesome okay what the [ __ ] it's
probably this is for the top one this is
for the bottom one they both fail and
they both take ten damage destroying the
bottom one and badly damaging the top
one
did you have any other movement Daffy um
yeah I do I think I only move like less
to moved yeah you can't really move
though you have to stay put but yeah you
can't really hold on to me let me see I
think that Bartok inspiration because we
long rested mmm can I
mm-hmm I can use a bonus action to use
Bartok inspiration die uh-huh um but it
wouldn't really help me there here would
it cut off plenty cuz he attacks next
okay you know I'll give it to Lenny okay
you give it to Lenny Lenny you got it
freeze please kill this thing
thank you I will die wait no I have to I
will die if I don't if you get hit
you're dead you're like touches you you
die but he's not he's not next right
he's oh wait I am next no we better let
Ian Toki Toki and money can do it okay I
trust you guys all right go good luck
Lenny Lenny will move here blank there's
a post right there big heavy Oh could
you two move it anywhere so it silly
well I don't have the time to move it
that supports the roof yeah and my five
feet away from them or would you say I'm
7 feet I'm out of his 8 or 7 feet right
now okay so I could go like here and
then get a totally that's good that's a
little bit bloody dashes on the couch
runs around the post gets to the back
side of the ghost
it is now flanked - ravenously attack so
I get inspiration
what does partic inspiration give me
again it gives me one D 824 to hit well
you get an additional 1 d6 on your
attack role so you're gonna have the
attack and Bartok inspiration okay go
for it
okay so one-handed rage so 18 + 6 + 1 d6
I want to subside yeah
guessing and hits either way it's gonna
hit either way
10 5 damn it 5 damage to the ghost which
is still alive just barely any other
actions for you Lenny
I will scream out lady Sandra tell him
to call off his men latest on who
doesn't look like she's listening to you
in the slightest
she seems enrapt with the conversation
she's having Toki it's your turn that
ghost is next DAPs life is in your hands
wait but it's near linear right now
right it attacks DAF last round okay um
I have to do is kill it it's not that I
could or you could there's this he's
very tired we care I don't know I mean I
will die if he does that's true
okay alright you care about more I care
about that
alright you have an advantage on the
ghosts because Lenny is never mind
oh yeah you know yeah all right I'm
gonna um we didn't at Bergen yeah you
want to become bear yeah
okay wait question where I turn into in
pain if I turn into a bear can I use
justice you Lily still count for the
staff that I'm holding by anything
unfortunately your bear cannot wheel the
shillelagh wait you can't wield okay
can I turn it to an ape I looked at up
Apes can utilize weapon have you seen an
ape you have a list of B shapes ape no
it doesn't I'm looking at the list wait
wait what Alyssa are you looking at it
Beast shapes it's in the the roll20
it says black bear Bork Alex coyote deer
giant ant giant rat goat horse mule pony
mountain lion wolf oh there should be
giant rabbit in here too
what hey Google lie to me I'm sorry
things you can turn in yeah yeah it's
things that you have seen before you
have to have seen the thing and you
don't live in an area where there are
apes my life I haven't seen eeap's no
real premium is no Zoo hey I'm just
gonna show lately miss then go for it
you hit only one D eight plus four
damage do it manually guys why is it for
isn't it six my spell attack bonus is
six that is your spell noise but the
spell damage bonus is only for nine
damage to the 8 HP ghost it withers and
dies before you oh my god
kill Drake silver one least make his
death saving through wow thank you guys
he fails and B ghost above him will
reach town and strangle the [ __ ] out of
him and he dies he is just dead you can
see his body like those action very
quickly in his eyes roll in the back of
his head and despite his death the ghost
does not stop choking him it continues
to choke him nevets well that might
solve our problems honestly
I mean he's focus on something else
right so I would say this ghost is
distracted enough to give you advantage
but you're gonna have to not be right
there maybe you like on the side over
here or something like that that should
be fine I'll [ __ ] I'm sorry my I'm
circling my OBS okay all right I'm gonna
take an attack here then my rapier 24
it's probably head room you'll hit yes
seven and this the ghost releases drill
Drake's silver horn I'm going to cunning
action and slip away back over here okay
you hop over the what is this like a one
of those like little screams he's really
close to me I'm probably the one will go
up first
nice consider that whoever's in front of
me Toki or whatever deaf it's your turn
second move away mom okay I'm going to
this guy should have moved on his turn
he steps out he's terrified I'm going to
use my can't rip vicious mockery which
it takes one D for psychic damage I fell
through and has disadvantage of the next
attack role it makes excellent who are
you going to mock that the ghost this is
like a screen right here that blocks to
field of view so just get somewhere
where you can see the ghost either on
top or on bottom okay
I wanna can I can I slip up here so that
I don't know it furthest away absolutely
dev anymore you've got that's seventeen
and a half feet out of your thirty okay
actually you have all this gear on you
and you only have one strength you are
hobbling you are twenty movements so
that's as far as you can go uh but I'm
I'm the furthest from him can I can I go
here instead sure you can
you'll go over there that's fine and
tell us how are you mocking this ghost
viciously what is it that you were
saying
is so terrible that it's going to
actually cause psychic damage to the
spirit I'm gonna muster up all my drink
okay I'm gonna say your figure has
really left you since you died you
stupid ghost you look like garbage
okay you a smoke cloud looks better than
you all right I've seen I've seen ash
looks sexier than all right well save
that for future videos I like that
that's amazing I'm gonna give him
disadvantage on the role because Scott
wisdom saving throw and disadvantage
[ __ ] know that ghosts can't handle that
[ __ ] that's terrible terrible terrible
terrible oh no now he might go for me
though whoa yeah let's [ __ ] coming
for you give me a D for damage to the
ghost but it has disadvantage on this
attack yeah why do I suppose let me
watch my other campaign I'm playing a
halfling so I can troll ones and that's
probably why all right no more letting
this one
I feel like Lenny is so dumb that he
sees ghosts he attack and he's closer to
this ghost to figure out what I do what
do you think Lenny should roll one d100
inside check inside check inside check d
c---ten cuz you know what the mission is
but you just dumb and you get distracted
easily yeah d c---ten on the inside
check you're good I'm good
okay you figure it out he's been net I'm
gonna go over here and recklessly attack
attack the terrace we're gonna take a
reasonable path to make sure you can get
there perfect 12 is the number to hit
eight for and you do four damage that's
including your it is including your rage
perfect Toby
probably will kill them and please kill
him I'm gonna kill him
trust me go next to Lenny mm-hmm
eight is no actually home cuz that's at
only at plus one it should be it plus
six that's a natural seven plus six is
thirteen I'm gonna create for you after
this battle a new attack role for
shillelagh that doesn't do any of those
problems that's a hit give me one deep
for one da plus four damage die you
destroy it yeah it dies and as it dies
you all turn your attention back to the
conversation between lady Sandra and
true and kill not kill Lord at silver
horn you can hear him saying in his
raspy voice something about missing and
longing and you can also hear this like
low it's almost if he's speaking twice
at the same time in one level he's
talking to her about missing things and
and like missing out on the life that he
had and he's not quite done there was
something he needed to do before he died
and other voice at the same time is just
as low murmuring of vengeance vengeance
vengeance over and over again they're
still in wrapped in conversation and
we're not gonna leave initiative order
because we're not done yet there are
more fiends appearing the first one and
I have started moving towards the exit
while we were watching this because I
know I'm dead yeah go for it
I mean why it's my is it like gonna be
my like how do I add right we will see
they were talking you can get to about
here let's say and it's right about here
yeah and you guys would probably have
moved to more comfortable places where
you're not on the edge of falling off
everything yep and that is when sort of
like phasing through the ground itself
sending is a new creature it comes up
through the ground oh my god yes it has
a very different color about it and it
will start with a kinetic thrust in the
direction actually it will move here
first and then it will kinetic thrust at
you let's do it hello kinetic thrust
technically it targets the creature
within 30 feet of it which must be
medium or smaller to be affected by
magic the poltergeist makes to charisma
check targeted by contested by the
targets strength Oh No
if the poltergeist wins the poltergeist
hurls the target up to 30 feet in any
direction and the target comes to
contact the hard surface it'll take d6
damage 410 feet moved so it's targeting
you Lenny give me a strength check I
have advantage on strength tricks
because I'm raging okay what is a
strength check versus Frank saving throw
a strength check you click on the
strength tax owed on shrink saving throw
you're clicking the saving throw bonus
all you got to do is beat a 9 which
ain't bad no problem
the poltergeist fails to throw you
across the room Nemitz oops i i guess
i'll move here we'll do an attack 19 to
hit that will strike 6 damage guys all
two guys are resistant yes so it'll take
six damage and def it's your turn oh no
it's not I'm gonna cutting action the
[ __ ] out again all right now it's dad's
turn okay
I would like to use pure wounds on
myself actually I'll just die because of
strength oh well we don't know
I guess I mean there's no harm in using
cheer wounds right sure I did the ghost
take a step forward
people were just complaining they
couldn't see its HP bar so I just know
they could but it looks like the window
has been fixed so I moved back eight
health for myself
wonderful um with the remainder of my
turn
I would love mm-hmm to give my second
part of inspiration die Lenny
alrighty we'll move the rest of my
movement I will move a little further
just to just to actually I suppose I'm
okay here right at the doorway okay
perfect Lenny there's a poltergeist
beside you I'm about to [ __ ] them up
quite a bit
do I have to use Jim say if I'm using
Bartok inspiration before I roll or is
it after the dice is wrong but before I
know it's good or not it's a great
question
let's read once within 10 minutes
blah blah blah the creature can wait
until after it rolls the d20 before
deciding to use the Bartok inspiration
dive I must decide before the DM says
whether the Royal succeeds fails cool
I'm in a one-handed sword rage attack
you miss yeah I'm not gonna know all
right lady Toki okay can I use magic
stone I why not okay before I came into
this thing I did pick up two not some
pebbles along the way cuz that's my
chant ripping I can't interact either
with up do you got a pocketful of
pebbles man alright I'm going to toss
one at the party
okay it's a ranged attack so this is not
going to be using your spell-casting
modifier because you're just like
actually throwing the rocks that's what
it said 1 d6 + your spell-casting the
ability modifier for the damage
well the attack role doesn't use your
weight if somebody else attacks with the
pebble that attacker as your
spell-casting modifier not the attackers
to be attack role I lied I'm totally
wrong
yeah it's a d20 +6 don't listen to me I
don't know what I'm talking about
yeah you're right about everything and
I'm wrong do 20 plus 6 just manually
type it out 19 will hit the ghost and
the damage for magic stone is 1 d6 +
your spell-casting modifier which is
armed or some d6 + 4 is 5 damage to the
poltergeist it is a successful hit
leaving us with the poltergeist turn
that telekinetic thrust did not work so
now it will just forcefully slam you
with a 22 to hit did you recklessly
attack class round I did not I will hit
you for 13 force damage and I take half
correct because it's not psychic it's
forced correct so you'll take 6 and
Nemitz your turn rolls around Oh
come up here Oh like like a dice pretty
you will read it 16 damage crit doesn't
apply to my sneak attack yet right I
don't think of this it does actually
it'll blow your sneak attack again it's
some good ship 26 damage reduced to 13
kills the poltergeists wow yeah
the quiets down around again you can
hear the lady saundra saying something
to the effect of like I would have
married you too but it's only and that
is when you were interrupted by the next
set of creatures phasing up from the
or below you my bow we need to talk to
this post yeah this ghost up here dude
maybe he's this year yeah we need it we
there's a key were missing they're just
gonna keep coming they're ghosts they're
already dead all that way well what's
coming up to the floor what do we see
slipping up through the floor wait do we
had the opportunity like reposition is
our where we're way to go ahead and
reposition before they arrive I guess
hey you got any healing spells would be
good on the frontline people - can I use
healing spells while we're not in combat
or no yeah I think in the midst yeah if
you're not moving you could have cast
one healing spell actually don't even
bother don't bother come by them all
right wait wait what those touches for
the draining of the strength how long is
that last verse at one point per hour uh
Nevin snow it's games twelve health
alright nevets you're a full Europe full
huh yes exactly full and the shade will
go first is it to creatures to creatures
alright the first one slips over here
towards Lenny it reaches out with a hand
trying to reach through your shield and
grab at your throat and it does so it
begins to strangle you for fourteen
necrotic damage Lenny and um rarely lose
seven you'll temporary lose three points
of strength which will affect all of
your TAC roles and everything yeah
inspiration is only used to get like
advantage on an attack I can't add it to
like a role or anything right correct
okay wolf we could do it Lenny I jump
across the couch and I started taking
attacks so 13 is a hit so that's gonna
be eleven plus nine damage so 10 damage
after and then I'm also going to go
ahead and bonus attack here with my
dagger as well
mm-hmm so for more damage 3/2 mm-hmm oh
wait I'm sorry you're right
all right anything else you're there no
this is that let's my bonus son um if I
get hit on I have a 50% chance to die in
one shot just like you guys I want to
try to shake I wanted you to talk lady
to lady Sondra if she does not talk back
to me I would like to try to put my hand
on her shoulder and shake her into like
listening to me I want to tell her that
she needs to tell her husband to call
off her men so he they stop attacking us
okay so you place a hand on her shoulder
and give her a shake she's staring at
this ghost in you know perhaps the most
important conversation of her life with
him and what do you say to her give me
the words the reason I say lady Sandra
please we we are getting attacked by
ghosts after ghosts it's relentless you
can keep talking your husband after but
please have him call off his his men
make them stop attacking us if he can
when her turn comes up in the
conversation next to speak you can hear
her say what but all of these other
spirits they're here they're they're
hurting people you need to let go and
move on with your life it's time to move
past and it becomes Lenny's turn and let
me roll some dice while letting takes
his turn Elaine is gonna beat the [ __ ]
out of this ghosts
so one D one-handed rage 19 is it hit 4
for 33 3 damaged ghost is going down
Toki are you gonna go
I'm going to go up to this one and
chilly yeah
that's your plan of attack 15 is a hit
it's actually much higher roll 1d eight
plus four for damage six will kill the
ghost it vanishes into thin air just
disappearing into wisps and then what do
you do with the rest of the movement
tweeze while shape is a bonus section
yes all right
right where you're standing yeah good
idea either here or the Bears attacks
inherently magical said she like turns
no but I'm a tanky boy black bear is
actually only size medium okay it's not
a huge creature it's okay I'm gonna move
your token off the side and you're just
gonna be the bear why don't you roll me
very HP which is 3d 8 plus 6
oh nice roll all right you've got a lot
of HP on this bear and this shade comes
forward it comes up the steps as if it's
a walking not bothering to phase through
walls or anything and it reaches out to
you and your bear form and hits you for
8 necrotic damage and will drain 1.d4
points of strength from your bare floor
dude druid you're insane do you get the
strength of the animal you turn into yes
yes you do so this can drain your bear
down to 0 HP zero strengths which will
force it back into regular form without
having drained any of your own strength
yeah
yeah exactly very clever nevets
um do I understand these stairs can I am
I able to get in this area position
right here yeah you'll have to like hop
down the stairs and be standing below
and behind the ghosts yeah that's okay I
think right sure sure right just so you
know Toki you're at 11 strength right
now holy [ __ ] oh my god you crit the
ghost
14 is 30 damage am I doing that math
right yep
all right the ghost will take 15 and
then I'm gonna kinda action my way
freakin roll20 sight back over here okay
that is probably way more movement than
you can take because you're at one
what's your strength right now 3 um yes
yeah so you can get here I think you can
get there but that's probably gonna be
it I don't think you can get away wait
are you sure about that well you were
over in this region right so if you hop
over the couch what do I take my a
cunning action I can't I can use a bonus
action a - doesn't get me another 30
movement am i incorrect cunning action
oh you can - but that will provoke an
attack of opportunity - or disengage no
it's not then he did 30 damage oh and if
I use my cunning does it take a
disengage I can only I would have to use
a do i art wait do I still have a bonus
action oh that is my - well if I'm
[ __ ] stuck here
I'll dagger it up 24 to hit should be
hit 24 is it hit 3-1 damaged or someone
damaged yeah one damage alright Daffy
it's your turn okay I
I will
I'm going to use vicious mockery again
actually might be kind of scary to use
vicious monk mockery because he might uh
try to attack me
oh I'm eight just
use should I use my last spell at level
and cast out lava to do you think so
I'll use dissonant whispers at lovely to
do it make it happen that's not great
yeah how did that 11 damage you rolled a
1 a 6 a 2 and a 2 on on 46 you're not
doing so great here death
you're not doing so bad alright I'm
going this it makes sense no farther out
the door cuz I know my life has is very
close to being gone so I'm gonna move
excellent you dissonant whispers the
ghost it becomes Lenny's turn uh-oh here
Walter yeah you can like you'll have to
knock over that oh yeah over the couch
you tear through the the paper screen
you're standing next to the ghosts I
beat my chest and then I [ __ ] a hit
him
one-handed rage over the head Oh your
sword goes right through where the ghost
would have been had it not just move
slightly closer to the bear and it
becomes Toby started Choki Choki walk a
cat yeah Ron been looking close
nine is a hit 17 is a hit for seven and
five which is gonna be three and two for
five damage total the shade is dying
nevets go nota the shade goes it's got
three lovely targets before it and it's
going after Lenny
the guy who missed and it reaches out
for you Lenny and it thirteen hit you
nope no good it fails nemesis your turn
finish it off buddy yeah I think I will
22 to hit this this 16 you can hear the
conversation between the ghost and lady
Sandra it's whispered now the two are
closer together they're back standing
face to face sort of a none ghostly
embrace even I want to okay while
they're doing that can I be eyeballing
lady Sandra let me see some lips moving
can I hear anything what's what are they
talking about lady Sandra is saying
whispering to him over and over I
forgive you I forgive you I forgive you
ladies Sandra is saying that yes can I
read what Drake with the Lord is saying
can you read the ghosts lips by looking
through his head and then thinking yeah
the other should be able to yeah I could
yeah 100%
make me a perception check and then
another we find dc-10 precession check
if I catch you should passed with flying
colors
I'm laser eye balled on eye I'm actually
an expert at looking through ghosts and
interpreting what they're saying when I
leveled up literally earlier this day
that's all I've been thinking about is
looking for ghosts heads Lord silver
horn is saying I should have done the
things that were important to me I
should have made an honest woman of you
I should have paid more attention to the
things I cared about
but I will go now I'm sorry oh and she
was saying and she was saying I'm sorry
earlier she was saying she forgives him
she oh she forgives him okay yeah and he
fades story
are you okay lady saundra she kind of
waves you away and turns her back to you
and you can hear sniffling and you know
gentle weeping as she tries to pull
herself together I'll pick this guy's
body up and yeah way I'm and I
approached after we have a huge problem
we just deprived this city of an
execution so hopefully you have a
contingency plan for that maybe we could
resurrect him I hear it happens all the
time dad you didn't already have
inspiration you can take it for that
well done
daph Oh daph isn't meeted oh oh sorry I
was talking this whole time um yeah yeah
hold on we we have we have other things
to handle right now okay I want to place
a hand on lady saundra shoulder and I
want to say lady Sondra mm-hmm thank you
for coming with us I hope your parting
words with your husband we're satisfying
and that you are feeling at least all
right right now I'll be okay were you
able to tell him to call off his men I
he's gone and um as you pay attention to
your surroundings a little bit more you
can feel there has been an increase in
the ambient temperature of the air it's
just the house doesn't feel so cold and
lonely anymore it doesn't feel like
you're in a deserted the Haunted Mansion
you know the goosebumps that you didn't
even realize you had have faded away
your hairs are standing down now resting
comfortably on your arms and against the
back of your neck you have no evidence
that there's no ghosts here but you and
your in your heart and your soul you can
feel it you can feel
they're gone Oh whisper to nevets
whisper or we cancelling party then yell
anything that party is gonna be on hold
for a little bit
oh well lady Sondra uh I think our job
here is done
yeah of course yes um do you mind if I
talk to you in the morning yes can I
come to your office in the morning
of course we have we have much to talk
about actually um yes take your time we
will see you tomorrow bright and early
I would like to we need to take this
body
holy [ __ ] what do we do all my emotions
to the butler and says please show them
out and he will help you exit the
building there are no more ghost
encounters on the way you take the robe
off wait what do we do with the body we
just carry look Webber's that we're
doing we're just carrying it back all
right you've got the dead body slung
over your shoulder where are you gonna
take him I'm holding him carefully I
don't know what do we we have to take
him back to jail and put him in maybe no
one notices guards at the front of the
gate to the estate that came with you
that were there guarding him but
remember they don't come inside with you
they're just yeah all right so wait can
we discuss before we leave like what
we're gonna do yeah um no thanks it was
like a horrible fight with the ghosts
and we were trying to protect lady Sansa
and drink you know just kind of cut in
the car maybe feel like you know do you
see a story is if they ask nicely
I don't know are we at the game with the
guards right now no okay you're
somewhere still inside the tomorrow
tomorrow when lady Sandra talks was
maybe we can convince her to to tell to
have a very strong story about how
tragic it was I don't know if she likes
as she trusts us
I think if we take lady Sansa well okay
so like what is her position in the
society right so she's like a widow too
like somebody that was going to be noble
like is she considered the owner of this
estate no or how does this know so he
was a powerful noble and he was a
commoner that he was just like hooking
up with and sleeping with yeah she has
no authority and no power
she is not inheriting and why is she
even still here then why isn't she just
kicked out like what is he after yeah
but no but that doesn't mean anything
he's dead the heirs of the estate has
not arrived yet the heir lives pretty
far away and she's been chilling waiting
for the the replacement to arrive and
then she's picked out on the street okay
yeah so she's so she isn't nothing right
she's got no power or position that
sucks yes it was haunting no one reason
is so sorry yeah that's all sad yeah
okay why don't we just say it was the
ghost revenge on trade maybe we'd say he
tried to escape us and we had to kill
him cuz even gonna we ain't killin the
ghost killed him okay
listen okay Drake was our responsibility
so whether he died intentionally or by
accident it's going to be awful so we
need to assume responsibility for his
death now obviously we weren't supposed
to have him killed so we need to have a
really good reason for why he was killed
so the only way I see us getting out of
this if we say that his sacrifice was
necessary to get rid of the hauntings of
the estate that when the that the ghosts
kept coming and coming until he was dead
and that was the only time he relented
sure maybe we can maybe we could tell a
son Sondra to go along with the story as
well we don't really need her to go
along with anything you just give our
side of the story she was too busy
talking to her late husband in order to
notice anything her tobe husband so it's
not like she's gonna contradict anything
we say okay that sounds fine whatever
all right why don't we take a break here
okay because I think it's been more than
an hour
the last one and when we come back we
will sort it out and we'll do some more
experience as well all right so I'm
really made us what a bummer
boy boom see you guys on the other side
hello everybody and welcome back to have
dice and Men you return to your estate
slowly because you're all quite weak and
as you walk out of the gates hmm oh no
you we're still dealing with the body of
you you walked to the guards carrying
the body of Kells rakes silver horn
between you the guards look over at him
and then at you and then say is he okay
he trip
well let's get him back to the jail cell
they say and they lead the way they
don't even inspect him they just think
you're carrying him because he's
unconscious dude I need you just save
the party you're all welcome you call
him back to the jail cell what doing it
later I put him in there or if we're at
the jail so I'll put him in and tuck him
in we have to say something right I mean
what does he look like like does he look
like he just looks male and ashen he
looks [ __ ] dead if you were to
examine him at all he's cold to the
touch but these guards kind of watch
that [ __ ] over there that was happening
some weird movements and now they're
just walking back chatting amongst
themselves about you know the latest
show at the lusty leopard group cooker
puddle you know what if we just even
Zarin you know he died in his jail cell
you know miss Toki so smart smart oh um
otherwise what's the alternative we tell
them that cute one of the guards shuts
over what's the big deal is everything
okay we put him in the jail cell and I
guess we leave yep so and shuts and
locks the door and they kick you out of
the jail cell and leave him there whole
lot of now my [ __ ] problem
and you exit lately [ __ ] I don't know
which one it is yet we'll see I you
we're not gonna get away with this this
isn't quite these guards aren't paid to
like give a [ __ ] and the guy already was
beat the [ __ ] out of him so I'm guessing
like doesn't really matter it's gonna be
on them
we can also it's our words against
theirs we can believe she was alive when
we brought him in and why would they
bring a dead guy in right yeah exactly
the last people to see him alive worth
of cards yeah sounds good
all right do you guys head back to your
estate slowly cuz you know they're all
weak and [ __ ] and you can rest the night
ahaha
does my strength get restored then some
yeah everyone go back to full strength
everyone gained a hit died and you can
expend hit die if you need to I also
would like to perform song of rest so
that I can help revitalize your wounded
allies during a short rest and an extra
1 d6 hit point sure anyone who spends a
hit died also gains 1 d6 if we gain one
hit died right - yeah you gain one back
is while she while asleep a short burst
right like I didn't meet her all twice I
only wanted to roll that one is a short
rest ok I'm wearing real gonna see an
ape
where's what I have to call to see an
ape I'm just curious
you're a druid you know these things you
know where apes are in the world
let me get a world map for you and then
I will show you where you need to be for
that
so in the meantime you guys rest you
wake up the next morning you're gonna
talk to ladies saundra today and sort it
all out is there anything else that you
guys need to go over or is it all good
well you shove us in our tavern yeah I
want to see what's up what do you guys
think I mean I think we should wait a
couple days and see if we get in trouble
and then otherwise we reset we're like
chill and everything all of our
assignment how much did you owe us for
the ghosts did we talk oh no she told us
to come back the next day I think where
we said no she's coming here oh [ __ ]
she's coming here something something
okay but did we already discuss like how
much she'd pay us beforehand yes how
much was it do you remember 15,000
copper okay so this is the world map
you're gonna have to zoom out to see it
all you guys are down here in this
little corner of Kron wick apes can be
found in a few different regions and
this big-ass forest over here not many
there actually kind of a few and far
between more importantly apes can be
found apes and other monkey oins not
monkeys primates can be found up in this
big [ __ ] area over here but this is
all covered and owned and operated by
elves and they generally don't allow
others inside their territory [ __ ] sure
and where are the other eight locations
you know what there's not a lot of apes
in this war on this land that's about it
so there's gonna be some apes in here
that's pretty much Dave the closest set
to you okay all right I was like what
are the Rings elves where they just like
love each other and say [ __ ] everybody
else they tend not to mingle they live
really long lives but they also
reproduce really slowly so like you know
if you live to be a thousand years old
and you're elf you might only have two
or three children over the core
your lives so every elf elf death takes
like three or four hundred years to
recover and they just try and stay out
of other people's affairs they're so
they're kind of self-absorbed with their
own [ __ ] they view themselves as like
these superior humanoid because everyone
else dies so fast that they're just like
they're the real people and you're all
these interesting little bugs around
them so they just they don't get
involved because they just don't give a
[ __ ] how do they feel about half elves
do they like to test them then er no no
it's sort of like a well that's an
oddity what an unfortunate creature if
only it had two elven parents their
hearts sorta like bleeds for them you
know it's like if you have a really ugly
baby okay uh what do you want me to
wheedle any automatically no the guys
dead or do you think that he's dumb
enough to like actually think that he's
alive and just on his shoulder what do
you want to roll for that well wait we
already dropped all this off we're done
with us well no no I'm just curious like
if there's a big discussion later if
Lenny would actually I mean there was
already a discussion about what to do
with them about to say it to be honest I
think Lenny let's find him I think Lenny
might at them in a moment not have
realised but after the effect in his
brain yeah
so this day you meet up with lady Sandra
she's regained her composure she arrives
at your office's salute in the late
morning with a couple bags of money and
a few servants and her Butler she will
drop off the would you guys agree to
1415 thousand fifteen thousand copper in
cash so she drops it off in three bags
of gold and says thank you thank you so
much my house is safe it can be passed
on to the next person quietly and
peacefully and I I don't know how to
properly thank you well um you can
probably thank us by keeping yourself
safe lady Sondra thank you for trusting
us with this case and cooperating with
us
and you wish me magic sword oh yes I
actually did mean to ask did you do your
husband or does your estate hold any
maybe magical or very powerful items
that you or your late husband have no
use for anymore that maybe we could take
off your hands she looks at you for a
moment I think um never it's kind of
like come scurrying forward I think what
my friends are trying to say is that um
we've heard a couple of dozen scattered
reports that there might be some other
ghosts that are haunting nearby his
States due to a fallout from the initial
haunting it's not a big thing but if you
have any sort of magical objects they
would actually help us a great deal when
it comes to dispersing these other
hauntings well these things aren't mine
to give but I suppose neither is the the
money why don't you come over for dinner
tonight and we can I can show you about
the place what happens to be gone well I
was out of town for a couple of weeks
and what could I do about it
thank you very much we'd really
appreciate that hmm what would you like
for dinner young man spaghetti
would you like meatballs no that does
not make good spaghetti almost I'm a
vegan so I would prefer um nothing
I don't not even milk or cheese bones
don't those have butter in them yes I
don't use butter in my scones she makes
the best scones in there how do you keep
the peeping so dry then
I use water and oil and oat milk oat
milk yes milk why I've never heard of
someone using oak milk instead of butter
what do I know about these things very
well then I will make sure that there is
some sort of non animal or animal
by-product meal available for you as
well you could literally just make me a
salad and I'd be happy I liked Asura
lettuce blenny
salad it is okay thank you very much
lady Sandra we very much look forward to
it of course and she departs some did
someone write down that extra hundred
fifty gold you've just required acquired
now we have 280 we are rich boys and
girl and we're about to get a sick magic
item death yes I think it would be great
if all of us had a quick chat with each
other so that we're all on the same page
when we're talking to some of these
people I love chatting also death and I
produce a receipt from my pocket I
purchased this wonderful studded leather
armor earlier I was wondering to the
various operations agency would cover
this purchase so that I could be better
protected to serve you guys I don't know
if you remember it was only 25 gold
right that's how much you studied
leather armor class yeah but you treated
yours and I didn't ask you about trading
anything in I just asked my professor
so the receipt should say 25 go hold on
it studded leather armor I would like to
say you didn't you didn't ask before you
acquired this set of leather armor if I
could be it could be counted towards the
various operations you you know what
you're absolutely right I didn't ask and
if you don't want to reimburse me that's
fine the only reason I bought it was so
that I could better protect you guys
from the one on our mission which I
think I did earlier remember when I was
jumped in there and I took the killing
shot on a couple of those specialties
yeah I did remember didn't you um didn't
you
didn't you take the 10 gold that uh
[Music]
didn't you take the 10 gold that we got
from the escort mission I think you have
that you receive that right that's why
did I know yeah I believe that you did
you better yeah I wouldn't have taken
that fine you can have that ten boom oh
okay
that's great you know what that's
totally fine fifty percent commission
[ __ ]
he's like a teacher is to pay for his
school supplies okay all right on that
on that on that note speaking of art the
conversation we just had
let's have a quick chat guys about the
about the concept of negotiating with
other people I like to call this okay so
at one point in time I dreamed of being
a teacher I like to call this lesson
making yourself an asset to other people
okay
generally we're negotiating with
somebody the most important thing you
can ever think of is why won't this
[ __ ] try and kill me I think
it's really important to at all times
make sure that you are an asset to the
people that you are working with make
sure that no matter what happens you're
better off to them alive then you are
dead and then they'll never kill you
that's the most important rule I think
that whenever we negotiate with people I
think it's really important that we show
them how it is in their interest to
cooperate with us so for instance when
we went down earlier and me and Lenny
retrieved all those wine bottles we made
sure that the sheriff and the guy who
was holding on to those wine bottles
made real are made sure to understand
that it was definitely there in in their
interest to cooperate with us that we
didn't get the greater authorities
involved or when we're dealing with lady
Sandra maybe it's really important to
make her understand that if we have some
magical objects available to us maybe
it'll keep everybody a little bit more
calm about the ghost stuff if we're able
to excise those spirits a little bit
easier we got to be real careful when
we're negotiating though that we don't
come off sounding like a bunch of greedy
[ __ ] because I know nobody's
gonna give us anything so I think we
should keep that in mind in the future
so we don't sound like we're just trying
to take stuff for people we did good
didn't we
[Music]
all else fails if we have to if we have
to negotiate to get things from people I
would love to be involved in those
conversations I love talking to people
so I can always do that to you guys I
anybody to chat with anybody methods
realize what's that your name backwards
spelled Steven my cousin named Steven is
that a common name in this world qui boo
Steven it's been had before oh well
that's really interesting def I'm glad
to hear that my name backwards just so
happens to spell a name of a cousin you
may or may not have what's wrong
I was just making a connection nevets
you don't have to be so uptight Oh Toki
are they arguing not sure if it's
arguing or flirting Kent never says a
hound dog okay well that's really cool I
mean if we head out too far into the
mainland maybe you can be introduced to
my cousin for fat put that in the war me
tagging okay so uh continuing forward
you're gonna head over to her place for
dinner that night and she will show you
around and I think we can spit hand with
this pretty quickly because she takes
you to their their bedroom and they're
sitting on a shelf is a single long
sword arming so technically it's got
this very beautiful engraving pattern
across it that looks like a combination
of like Celtic knots in Florida leaves
all up and down the blade of the sword
and she gives you a quick lesson on this
saying oh well this is that the sword
that's been handed down through my
throws through Lord silver horns family
for generation upon generation I I don't
know what is to become of it now that
there's not a true silver horn to
inherit it you see the person who was to
inherit all of his things is that a
distant cousin on his mother's side not
hard at all
now put that down young man oh she says
sorry Lenny has a mind of its own have
it right well I must be off to go check
on dinner meet us down in the kitchen in
Oh 15 minutes Oh real quick what exactly
is a sword known for what does it do and
as a name I'm sure it as a function of
some sort all good swords have names as
they say although I've never seen this
one produce anything unnatural there's
never been any effects accompanying it
oh that's very unfortunate that there's
no ax you don't have any magical weapons
of any sorts works Oh indeed hmm oh yeah
mm-hmm
now when was the last time I saw that
sword she starts saying to herself as
she walks out of the room I must have
seen it the last time I saw Lord silver
horn when his body was brought to me yes
yes I wonder where I put it
she mumbling rattles this woman walks
away you can go ahead and I will add a
plus-one long sword to Lenny's character
sheet because he grabbed it first
wait so there's that long sword and then
there's she's getting a different no no
she's making like a facade like oh I've
lost this sword I can't believe it it's
gone yeah yeah but he doesn't want to
see she doesn't want to have seen you
guys take it
it is a plus-one long sword and it does
not have other magical effects that come
along with it like it doesn't do fire
damage or you know explode on things but
it is a magical weapon uh can I change
my current sword just to that just like
I had the modifiers it easier who's that
I don't know what you mean I have like a
one-handed sword on my character sheet
or whatever can I just change those mods
to +1 instead of Oh how'd you get a
one-handed sword on your character sheet
that's what I've always had right had a
two-handed sword well I know I have
always had a one-handed sword and my
shield and I've always been using a one
da unless I say that I dropped the
shield to users versus how it 1d oh I
see you've had sort of
long sir that can be used in one or two
hands yep got it got it okay makes sense
so I will remove that one and then we
will yeah there should be a room for
magic at the end of it in between the
strength and the string STR and then put
a one there put a one
oh they're magic buggers perfect yeah
I'll do that to everyone okay cool and
then also no in the equipment that it's
a plus one sword do you guys have dinner
that night I don't know how much you
want to go into it we could role play it
out but I kind of feel like you guys are
done with this quest I don't want to
offend her
[ __ ] that [ __ ] we're done with it we're
done with it give me the more delicate
you have dinner you wrap it all up
everyone she didn't cook [ __ ] but her
servants cooked [ __ ] and it is good it
is perhaps the best Italian meal you've
ever had in your life
meatballs correct there were no
meatballs in your dish but in everyone
else's there were except for Toki Toki
you got a large salad nice I love salads
isn't it I love apple slices apples and
carrots nice what was the swords name
again I have not given you the swords
name conveniently because I was still
trying to figure one out I mean I think
it's name is its name is going to be
silver kids it's from the silver horns
why don't we just call it the silver
horn its name is silver horn there we go
perfect you know what um tell me what
it's a long story team you can't use it
let's actually I don't know why can't
you answered or maybe because it need to
be finished women okay this is a pretty
big place right are you talking about
the estate or the estate is a pretty big
place are we drinking tonight we must be
drinking tonight right of course
drinking a glass of wine is good
I'm a pretty observant little dude okay
that's what I do I observe things I'm an
investigator we spent a great deal of
time in this estate Lord Silver Horan
owned a buckin mine
this dude is [ __ ] loaded okay you
know this guy has got like a Treasury
room or some sort of like guarded armory
or something somewhere in this place not
like an armory per se with like a ton of
like weapons for soldiers up it's got to
be like some kind of something like that
in here of great value or interest what
am i what am I seeing everybody's drunk
I'm not gonna drink that much you know
I'm gonna have a couple sips and maybe
at some point slip off to use the
restroom and just take a tour being my
little stealthy self a very small person
it's pretty late at night it's not like
we have electricity or anything here I
should be able to walk around this Manor
for a little bit and you're and we we
know uh we know nevets pretty well and
we know when he slips off he's probably
going to do something sneaky like steal
stuff right so we know to rightly staff
would probably pick up that that's time
to bump up the you know distractions you
know trying to like tell stories and
distract her as much as possible you
know sure yeah I think that's true
drunk Daffy is a big storyteller Imam
yeah for sure sure
well a lot of wealth in these fancy
estates is just out on display lightened
you know the candlesticks at the top of
the staircase are like made out of solid
silver and there's this pot you know the
vases over here are beautifully
decorated and gilded with blah blah blah
there's a lot of easily stealable wealth
like the silver the flatware you're
using is made of silver when you're
eating like you could just pocket the
silverware and that's worth cash on hand
so if you want to like rob this place
I'm looking for something a little more
exotic than that quite a booth we don't
want this okay
you want you're looking for something
maybe some kind of trinkets
maybe something in a Batman in a bedroom
maybe a necklace or something that would
have been passed down like something
with a little bit more value to it than
just gold yes fine yes I was gonna say
anything we put on Toki she can
transform into like a cat and [ __ ] she
can bring like anything that she can
carry out with her alley
yeah yeah I mean if you guys wanted to
you could have robbed this place blind
while she was out of town there was
literally no guard here you can't hold
we're not he's quite oh I don't know
you're laughing at that but you can't
say it with a straight face I did just
say was do we're not thieves we need
this stuff okay we're making the world a
better place quite boom all right all
right Wow yeah you can go into the
bedroom and there is jewelry there there
is jewelry that Lord silver horn has
bought Lady Sondra Wow there are
handfuls of it you could take all of it
and be quite wealthy she did spend the
last night here though in the bedroom so
she'd probably notice if all of her
jewelry was missing and you could be
subtle about it and just take one or two
things or you could try and take it all
and just expect that she won't turn you
in because you just did her a huge solid
um what do you want how much how greedy
do you want to be I'm looking for
magical things it's all just gold or
whatever I don't really care that much
there's no like trinkets or anything
like within like the family that's
handed down or something I don't want
just like jewelry or whatever we're
looking for something that glows there's
something that hums some of the sets
people on fire or blows their brains
it's hard
let's see what I can find for you see if
there's anything in here the +7 dagger
[Music]
let's see you're an honorary barber
nevets I hope you know
okay let's call somebody's here dice
like the dinner party music random
people people laughing staff stories are
so good yeah I'm telling a story about
about a girl who tried to get in my
pants and then I realized she wasn't a
girl what's wrong with that yeah we
wrong with that there was nothing wrong
he's doing why are you making gay or not
no staff is whatever he wants to be Coco
see you later Greek yeah let me just
read up on this before I hand something
over I want to know what I'm giving you
no problem coins I don't think he likes
that I'm not weird you're weird
I'm not oh [ __ ] this NFL zone oh no
football here we call it soccer nice
good one moot got a more good ones for
the first time in my life amazon emailed
me and said a package was damaged and
they're refunding me for it do I am I
supposed to reorder at all or what uh
yeah is that ever okay they don't like
redo it for me do they just think I
don't need this [ __ ] now or what I've
never had this happen before that's a
right to reorder it you could seriously
prompt we see it or you know how you can
look in your orders no I never - si need
to reorder whatever I don't go home it
might not Auto reorder for youth it was
something that you needed in the time
sensitive manner okay
there is a single Ruby
necklace that is sort of sitting behind
glass on one of those have you seen
those like busts that they'll have at a
jewelry store that we would hang a
necklace on to see how it might hang on
a perfect lady or whatever yeah it's one
of those like black felt busts with a
silver chain and a ruby in the shape of
a heart kind of lined with silver okay
behind a pane of glass okay that is the
most magical thing around how can i what
is the way to open this those would need
a key to be opened or a fist a key to
open that kind of sounds like a lockpick
yeah which is is that sleight of hand or
is there another it would be a
sleight-of-hand check okay I'm gonna go
ahead I feel pretty inspired on this
attempt okay all right is it whatever
beautiful yeah you picked the lock
during the dinner party when everyone's
listening to one of Daffy stories and
what gives you the thought that this is
a magical thing as you when you were
normally looking around you kind of
caught like a red glow out of the corner
of your eye and looked at it but then it
wasn't glowing and you went back to this
other [ __ ] and you keep out of the
corner of your eye thinking you see this
like soft red light coming from it but
when you examine it closely there is no
red light and it's tripping you out
mm-hmm okay I mean I take the necklace
out and I am I able to discern any
special effects by holding it or wearing
it around my neck no there's no
immediate feeling from anything but it's
something that a wizard could identify
for you
unfortunately the party didn't end up
with the wizard we got to Drew it
instead but I'm sure you'll find a
wizard somewhere some way who can I do
this for you yeah sounds good um I'll
pocket it and then just leave I guess
yeah sure Daffy tell us a funny story
okay one of the stories I was telling
mmm-hmm was about my sister who always
gets herself into all kinds of trouble
okay so this one time okay my sister
Angie Angie goes Angelique but that
there's a streamer called Angelique and
I don't want to okay Angie she always
gets herself into trouble and one time
we were at a party now we got invited as
party very luckily at the right place at
the right time we were at a bar and we
bought this guy a drink and he happened
to be the lord of a town okay and he
invited us to this really crazy party
and so Angie and I went and Angie got so
drunk that she threw up right on the
Lord shoes and we were thrown out and it
was it was awful and hilarious and I've
been making fun of Angie for it ever
since you that you dumb [ __ ] not that
she everyone has a good Chuck like that
and yes arch mourn identified so bards
can learn identify if one day daph
decides to learn it he can identify all
sorts of [ __ ] for you one day maybe
oh okay we're all laughing around the
table can I kind of like look at deaf
and say oh my gosh this reminds me of
the job that we did that one time for Jo
do you remember I remember I remember
tell the story Netflix you ruined it
here I forget come to drunk I follow I
think this is a reason to call it for
the night everyone please I'll have my
servants escort you home make sure you
can get home everybody's wounded and
weakened and you've had a long month of
nonsense you have absolutely no jobs
right now why don't you all take a long
rest
yeah there's never been a better
well I agree can at Martha cleric [ __ ]
identify my item or no no you'll need a
wizard not a cleric are you or you know
a bard locked it was serious tonight
we're here as a virginity Stephen you
know people identify yourself so I need
a spell to identify it
this spell identified the first level
spell okay so you'll just have to learn
it next time you level and then you can
start identifying [ __ ] and you'll just
have hopefully a small stockpile of
magical things to identify that by then
Oh after a while right I want to swap my
spells yeah do it
I am oh do you have that uh that Ruby
thing or whatever am I wearing that
where did you add it yes it had one ruby
necklace your character sheet okay what
do my thieves tools do they allow you to
pick locks okay but they don't give me
like a bonus or anything right no no
without them though you can't pick locks
oh okay they are a prerequisite okay so
we give experience for the quest we give
experience for the monsters defeated and
we're going to oh we all sing and then
some role-playing experience because you
guys did a good job with all this
nonsense we divide it between four
players why doesn't everyone take home
1200 experience how much experience do
we need for level 5
ooh hopefully you don't get there
because there is a hard rule in D&D that
you can't level more than once per
session so if you get to level 5 you'll
have to be one XP below it level 5 is
6500 experience so we outwork 4875
everyone is right yep yep thanks
excellent good job guys
Wow dude wow that was crazy
we got an auto be a lot of gold yeah you
wrapped it all up so let's just do a
quick little bit of what a week of
downtime and rest looks like for you
guys and then we'll move on with our
campaign Lenny what do you do during
your week of downtime and rest how do
you recover uh Lenny wants to learn to
read nevets told him if he came back
he'd teach him
but so Lenny wants to attempt that okay
he just wants to learn to ride his
that's all you want you want to learn to
write your name
I mean intelligence check me always ever
one if I'm helping ish be able to do
that advantage right intelligence
checking advantage you did it man
you spend the week and you learn to
write your name Lenny is excited how do
you spell your name Lenny will spell it
like this nice lovely should we change
your character name elsewhere to match
yeah or are you intentionally spelling
it differently than any way we want it
to spell it we can leave it like this
look on the TV screen or whatever this
is just easy for him you know Ellie and
why that's her about LeAnn can do well
right music static and he's on cloud
nine
Wow did the whole week that's crazy
what are you talkin what do you do for a
week I can't get back to me yeah what do
you do for a week I would like to uh be
practicing my instruments talking at
okey and also trying to find new jobs
for us while we're on our downtime ah
so you're practicing your instruments
talking to Toki's and looking for jobs
gathering more stories as stuff happens
over the week you know
alright Nemitz what do you do for a week
what's that look for we do um do you do
a tune mint and your campaigns or
anything like that or luck attunement no
luck attainment okay if I obviously I'm
gonna spend some reasonable amount of
time like jumping off of things
a little bit too high or trying to pick
things up or swim or hold my breath for
longer do I get any information about
this amulet or anything not with any of
those but I really like the way you're
trying to learn what this does that's a
smart cookie when you say not to any of
those is that like if I keep listing
stuff I would do is there a chance that
I could come across sure but you're also
supposed to be resting
like let's not do anything too
physically taxing here well of course
Lee I don't need to long rest I only
need a short rest I don't need a long
rest okay that won't end ever mind yeah
so do you want me to start going off
yeah
what does nevets do I'm sure so okay so
since I've got Lenny I would be using
Lenny for some things so maybe Lenny
starts um throwing maybe tossing rocks
at me in the air and I kind of like
swing up my rapier to see if my accuracy
might be increased or if I can if I'm
more observant of the rocks flying by me
or something if that doesn't work maybe
I maybe I go me and Lenny are spending a
lot of time together as I'm teaching her
right so maybe we go running around the
outskirts of the town maybe I say if I
feel a tad more nimble or if I'm a bit
more dexterous so I can hop around rocks
or maybe climb trees or something with a
greater ability maybe we go on a swim
outside in a lake as we're spending time
together maybe I feel like I can hold my
breath longer swim a little bit farther
probably not walk on water imagine be
able to tell that let's see what else
see if it does a little bit less damage
yeah I mean I imagine it asked me to do
that but I probably I'm sure that we
just hurt maybe when we're outside at
night maybe I kind of like maybe there's
like a candle that I kind of like wiggle
my finger over maybe a little bit too
long see if I can withstand the hurts
yeah
would like would there be like really
smelly animals that might try to poison
you hurry something and I could say if I
get a little bit less sick than I would
expect to from an animal like sleeping
at Pig zombies or maybe try to drink a
little bit more to scare by some kind of
like poison resistant effects you know
one of those things you're gonna need
like a control group for to see if
someone would normally have gotten
poison yeah I've got lending with me the
whole time and he's dumb enough to do
anything I tell him to do especially if
he sees me doing it too so hey do it
alright sure this is good I think our
lone rest is gonna take a little bit
longer because you guys spend you're
doing all this crazy training montage
pushing yourself to extremes to try and
see how this thing improves you and
after swimming in the lake and and
exhausting yourself all day you find a
farmer you
like a couple of copper under the table
you don't worry about taking off your
sheets just like sleeping his pigsty no
questions asked and it's a weird request
he just looks the other way
the next morning maybe like the next
evening Lenny has got like this hacking
cough and he's contracted some sort of
cold or disease or something and he's
just like oh and like puking up all over
the place and then it's you feel fine
this is a para fit of health it will
prevent you from contracting diseases
let me get the exact text for you here
that was a good and clever way of going
about all of this nonsense
I am raining happy you landed on the
checking for illness and sickness let me
look at the pair fit of health I just I
googled what you just said you're immune
to contracting into disease while you
wear this pendant if you're already
infected this easy effects the disease
are suppressed you while you wear the
pendant okay this jab possessor will be
immune from all diseases save magic ones
okay so you're immune as long as you're
wearing it to all natural diseases and
illnesses diseases and illnesses so this
is 2019 current year and we recognize
alcoholism is a disease
am i able to drink infinitely without
getting drunk or how does that work I'm
so [ __ ] lutely not no no no but he can
never be an alcoholic what about
developing we're not using the current
what about developing an addiction would
I be able to do like narcotics or
cocaine diseases only in fact I gave
this includes viruses and bacteria that
non-magical kind right virus bacterial
fungal okay so I know STD so I could go
into the dirtiest brothel I want to in
as long as I read this brothel dirtiest
cheapest brothel in you know war-torn
yeah I got your ended that's the best
magic if I think in all the campaigns I
played with you I'm not sure if I've
ever seen a single person gets sick of
anything but I'll think of some way to
use this don't worry
I hope you do and fine oh wait wait this
is really important I'm sorry if
somebody wears this do they get
temporary relief from a certain from
ailments they have oh because that's an
excellent question and that's something
you need to have to test out
mechanically cuz oh okay wait hold on
chair disease well well we just came out
of a thing Lenny is sitting there puking
and everything I would take it off of me
and I'd give it to Lenny to have him
wear it would he stop would he feel
better immediately or would he still
feel pretty bad no he still feels like
[ __ ] okay it prevents you from acquiring
diseases it does not cancel existing
diseases I think it stays the disease
what it kind of so now that's how we got
it what he said no I'm pulling from so I
couldn't give this to some like old
warrior as like a temporary relief from
his arthritis or something and now he's
like got his old strength or something
okay this is a minor magical item that
he was giving to her if you had
something that good probably be using it
last but not least Toki what do you do
with your downtime Oh are there any
animals I can see new animals around
here that I can see yeah of course if
you want to go on a nature walk to serve
the animals of the area okay well let's
see how old are you Toki I hundred
thirty-three years old
all right you've already seen all the
animals that live around here you've
been here for a hundred and thirty three
years you've seen everything there is to
be seen and maybe while you're sort of
depressed over the fact that there's no
new creatures here you come across a
traveling man who is here to hype up the
fact that there is a traveling circus in
whren core which is just across the
ocean it's just across this straight I'm
gonna bring you to a map it's right here
and there's a traveling circus in whren
core that has elephants it has
rhinoceroses it has they say a talking
gorilla when you might be thinking you
can you do the mister where is it Wow
hulking gorilla anyone get to go to
fight tickets before yelling oh yeah
well there's tickets to get into the
carnival the the traveling fair and then
for a few select attractions that can
only hold so many people but everyone's
gonna want to see them there is a small
but very reasonable fee to see these
extraordinary attractions we worked well
entrance to the fair in general is only
a silver so that anyone can afford it
and if you want to see the greatest
attraction of all the talking monkey
that's an extra it's 100 silver pieces
okay it's only extra ten silver I kiss
them every time extra ten silver to get
in to see the talking monkey no yes are
they open right now how long I don't
know the circus hasn't got to REM core
yet it's on its way there it'll be in
whren core in the middle of February the
second the second Saturday of February
okay well thank you so much you're
welcome well me got it got it God will
tell me things about this all right
you meet up with the rest of the party
guys
have you ever wanted to go to a
traveling circus no absolutely not okay
but like well like Blake I saw this
traveling sales guy and and he hyped it
up so much and there's gonna be so many
so many cool things at the circus like
like how many gorillas and stuff and
like like elephants have you ever seen
an elephant in your life no nope
I want to take a gold piece out of my
pocket and say what's more beautiful
than this Toki Toki is gonna just shut
up go make a cup of tea and set the
window still thinking about her life
that's the rest of your week looking at
dejectedly out the window sill yep
alright no deaf during your explorations
and your you know singing songs and
playing music and looking for work you
have overheard that there has been a
scandal in whaler's bay uh-huh you don't
know what it is yours that the bar and
someone is like I just came back from
where let's make you won't believe this
[ __ ] that's going on there everyone's up
in arms they're looking for something I
didn't catch what was good I don't get
involved with other people's affairs but
like people were pulling their hair out
over this there's something going down
in that town something fishy so it's
just it's just the talk of the town you
know or the the rumors that are
happening at there that in that you're
the tavern that you're at can I ask
around anymore like when I hear that I I
want to ask about around about that for
like the rest of my time to see if I can
find anything about what's going down at
Oilers but you can't there's not a lot
of travel between there and weirdos Bay
it takes a lot of time it's a dangerous
route there's monsters there's Rapids
there's lizard folk that come out of the
river to steal people so there's not a
huge amount of travel between the two
places and no one else knows what this
scandal is do we know anyone oh well is
based ill
the maid right maid who bounced way less
baby you've never met her and you don't
know what she looks like or how to find
her
lady Sondra talked to her while she was
the whaler's bay so there should get her
contact information through lady song
for though there are we in like a bar
and there's like a lot of people
basically talking about this it's like
the talk of like I know this is just
something that find some zone oh is that
all I find yeah you find that there's
probably some good work for Vella
happening in wheelers base you can get
there okay how far into my long rest is
this last day of your long rest okay
that's fine then no one else is nothing
else no other but jogs not right now
things are peaceful you know it's not
kromm works not that big of a town and
I'm did a murder at the mind and the
haunting of the town the stealing of
supplies things are chilled out for a
little bit nice yeah so is that where
you want to go is that where you're
gonna take your company your business
once we're all set and ready yeah
alright you're long rest goes from the
24th of January to the 30th of January
and your we will start you on the 31st
fully rested long rest making notes her
face okay so party has rested you've
prepared your armor and your weapons and
your clothes you've stitched up anything
that needed to be replaced those things
that need to be you've sharpened your
swords you've honed your arrows during
during the last day I when I got to
Tokyo and I want to say Toki if you
really want to go to the circus I think
we can possibly find our way there you
know where big things happen jobs tend
to arise - that's that's true we can
stop the systematic torture of these
circus animals because they deserve to
live in freedom back up your new job
yeah
- the circus animals do they have any
gold or inspiration but if you don't
take it okay I don't know if I did but
if I okay it should be checks now if
it's not okay I'm sure we'll find jobs
there Toki just if you arrange it we'll
go there okay
okay okay I need a boat
Anisha wait well together
Renko er you have to go to whaler's bay
to catch a boat see on the way there
how long does it take and I know this
right so I can say we can go there on
the way whaler's bay which is where
we're going next wait how longs it take
to white lily to swim across it takes
our whole lifetime because we're gonna
die on our way you'll die
yeah don't succeed
this area is known for its tough waters
and stormy conditions and also like the
sharks that live there please don't try
and sort of cross nevermind give it me
thank you so good alright how do I see
the distance but is it this ruler this
the ruler thingy yeah so he can't go uh
you mean you you wanna like swim five
miles to that Island walk across at Swim
five miles to the next Island walk
across it and like swim that final gap I
guess in theory it's mechanically
possible Oh guys just take a [ __ ]
boat don't could she could you turn to
an animal that could carry us across
sure
I think oh I think we should take a boat
we're great with you okay Oh during the
week and I have also tried to play
around for money from for some extra
cash oh I want to talk to Daffy a little
bit turned a week to let's hear it okey
okay what's up you single you know what
Toki I am single I haven't really had
why are you single you're such a
handsome young charming bard oh man hey
well you know a lot of women don't
really understand my lifestyle Toki I'm
a very busy man uh fully there were a
woman in your life that understood your
lifestyle and not only understood it but
was part of it I want to I want to look
her in the eyes and do a smolder you
know I got I was like I don't know if
that's like what kind of smolder
my I didn't like wait look at me okay
and I want to and then death says um mmm
well I think I might be looking at that
woman look do you wanna do you want it
you know go for some alcoholic beverages
sometime I would love that Toki okay
cool not just platonic lethal holy yeah
yeah yeah yeah we're just frankerz
weirdest weirdest friend I just think
you just happen to be a very
good-looking friend yeah well um you
know friends friends uh can notice
something out friends can friends can
have sex right wait what is this music I
don't have anything romantic to play so
this is the the tribal jungle beats that
emanate between Tokyo - that's cute
okay many deaf didn't say actually know
what that's pretty straightforward sure
that's I like that about that alright
I'll go for some alcoholic beverage some
other time you know yeah yeah for sure
anytime dokey anytime let me know if you
ever need anything okay yeah okay keep
the song is yeah I feel the love in the
air with this song alright okay so is
our party ready to head to whaler's bay
today yeah we're gonna go look for work
because things are calm here dead body
they didn't say oh yeah we should
probably resolve that wait you know
we've long rested we're done with that
[ __ ] alright it's been a week and you
haven't listened you hear through the
grapevine that he died in prison and the
execution has to be canceled much to
everyone's disappointment oh good job
lady thank you tore off the cuff I don't
know what's happening because I'm too
stupid to figure it out has saved the
party sort of well done alright so the
party can head to whaler's bay give us a
knockin encounter coiba I was going to
but I were getting kind of close to her
end time and I know one of us needs to
end right on time for a thing my job er
is that correct Lily says yes knows that
I have to go no it's okay it's fine I
mean I would have really liked to
continue in the next city but I really
wouldn't like that no it's fine it's
good we're good yeah I mean this is
having fun anyway we're adding to next
video and it's a great stopping point
next week we'll come back with a brand
new encounter a brand new quest a brand
new mystery and we'll get into some
trouble Wow a brand new quest every week
just like Stephens regular
good 1k torino good joke right there
can't wait to see at twitchcon buddy
that's a great question I cannot do it
at twitchcon
we're not obviously okay so we're
skipping 26 yeah and then we'll be here
on 3rd of October I'll see you at the
start of October for some more of dice
and men yep everybody also don't go
anywhere cuz I have to show chat
something but all of you guys can out
ourselves go well your business too
yeah well actually wait they're part of
the deal that I made with the guy so you
know the guy that does like the little
animations for our thing love it yeah so
I told him that I would show after four
episodes I would show a trailer for a
game that he's making it's a way to
advertise it was saying yeah yeah an
exchanger I'm doing the clip so they
advertise at the beginning of your
videos good thing yeah oh there might
have been once yeah but idea but this is
some gonna do to minimize human yeah
sorry ko Lily what are you up to go tell
people hi oh I might be at twitchcon if
you guys are calling please stop by
artists I like with 51 I'm alone and
sell stuff are you gonna do a meet and
greet Lily oh my god that's awesome I'll
definitely be there don't be there I'll
be there don't be there well then be
security of that I'm gonna kick season
not donkey oh I've got a meeting greet -
so unfortunately they're gonna have to
let me in - honey I'm sorry
we're find a way to do it mister man
what're you up to [ __ ] [ __ ]
mr. Medin house Wow level 60 now right
correct yeah what are you a healer what
class rogue
nice cool doing a lot of PvP
yeah that's what I do shoutout to the
brain gang Oh cringe cater inna what
have you been up to cater you know
lately I've been going a lot of shows
and that's that's pretty much it just
been going on shows doing the regular B
and
you know we do what we do here and plane
jump King to Cory but what about you you
can find me all things quibble you I
just do D indeed basically maybe a
little bit of total war okay cool
well hey thanks a lot guys we're gonna
watch a little trailer for the students
games and then we'll I'll catch you next
two weeks from now I guess and then yeah
we can all hang up so I'll leave you
guys think sighs
[Music]
