are you doing man I'm doing okay okay
listen I love you very much
my parents are surprised in town so I
max padai ting this conversation what
what did you want to talk about hit me
up with that phrase basically I think
feminism is cancer and I think that you
would disagree with that so I think that
would be the most interesting char thing
let's just do that one why do you think
feminism is cancer or first actions I do
want to introduce yourself I guess some
I already knows oh yeah hey guys I'm big
chronic do you read pill stuff just
mostly like you know the the cringe
special aww reactions pretty much that
but uh try to roast more often but it's
not a big deal but okay so being cancer
yeah man without yeah I think the thing
that you can definitely agree with and
anybody can agree with this uh-huh
no matter your political persuasion big
job metastasizing right well let's
metastasize on alright so when a cancer
cell metastasizes it's like bad news bad
[ __ ] basically means it spreads and
you're [ __ ]
yeah also in a similar manner spreads
and you're [ __ ] but what it put a
spread I'm Anna you're my kind of time
that's good and feminism like ideology
right yeah sure yeah generally when you
get people free two more people want it
yeah and yeah that's the thing that the
conflation of FEM you know it's that's
an interesting point you know when you
say feminism is freedom uh-huh
because it's like a definition game
right not really I don't like elbows the
right does this to but people will
change definitions to kind of whatever
it's beneficial for them in that
situation sure I and I'll say freedom is
the right to make choices and act in a
way that's unobstructed by other people
or society as much as humanly possible
and that does that does sound pretty
good but when you look at someone's
actions if their actions don't line up
with their words that's where the issue
comes in okay I know you got to go off
someone's actions not their words okay
so you know the most common example is
when a chick says she wants to date a
good guy you want a chivalrous dude who
opens up the door uh-huh
eyes that you know tutor like [ __ ] it's
pretty obvious yeah this I don't think
this happens in the real world I think
women look for people that treat them
like [ __ ] and say they want guys that
are chivalrous and open doors for them
okay the first part you said you don't
think girls look for guys that treat
them like [ __ ] yeah I don't think any
girl would like come out and
intentionally say I want a guy that
treats me bad kind of subconscious
mechanism or I think what it is is a
girl is attracted to a man who is
dominant right or non agreeable he's
going to stand up pretty much to anyone
so sent to other males will stand up to
the government whatever and in high
school or you know young adults what
that ends up being are bad boys to slap
a girl around together to [ __ ] you but
acting like you're above her is
extremely beneficial if you're just
trying to [ __ ] do you think is one way
to counteract this maybe we could create
a movement that empowers women to
understand that they don't have to be
with these types of people and I'm
pretty sure woman as a man you can't
tell you can't tell a woman anything
what do you mean we tell women [ __ ] all
the time we tell them whether or not
they can have abortions we've told them
that they can vote we've let them into
the workplace I mean men control women's
lives like pretty hardcore up until
certain rights are granted to them and
that's what I'm saying in this current
situation you tell the woman anything
she screams my body my choice when you
think a woman should be able to scream
my body my choice well it's it's just
hypocritical because if you look at the
wider perspective right how the
government treats men men don't have the
same rights as woman how not just I can
say these sources if you need and we no
no no this is a philosophical right now
way in what ways are men like oh [ __ ] I
get post hoc saying sources as a group
men pay taxes okay group women use taxes
not every single woman is a tax drain
don't you think men probably pay most of
the taxes because men like make most of
the money
like wouldn't this be like saying
virgins are actually better off than
ultra Chad's because ultra Chad's
probably have women that scrape their
dick with their teeth more than ultra
virgins I mean isn't that just because
the ultra Chad's are getting more head I
mean like is this really a good argument
I'm sure that men probably contribute
more taxes because men probably earn
most of the money but that's probably a
good thing right like I'm paying more in
taxes now that I earned it at my job
when I was a carpet cleaner but I'm not
complaining about it it's because I'm
earning a lot more money right this is
true but as a group you got to realize
not every single man is out there raking
in the dough well but those guys that
aren't out there raking in the dough
probably aren't paying taxes either then
then it brings it back to the original
point those guys who rake in all the
dough aren't paying taxes yet still men
as a group pay taxes so it's not like a
couple outliers are like a couple you
know financial giga Chad's paying all
the taxes covering up all the other men
well that's because man is a group outer
and women as a group would pay more
taxes but it's not that woman it's not
that women pay less taxes in men as a
group they are a tax drain it's not a
plus it's a negative associated of all
women in society I mean it makes sense
that women would be a tax drinking for
two men when they're probably more
likely to earn less and more likely to
stay at home taking care of children
problem is wonder it's staying at home
taking care of bastards and they're on
welfare systems taking men's money
that's that was that women well doesn't
it take two people to make a baby
wouldn't have asked for child be more
the fault of the man because I mean he
left the woman oh it depends right do
you lay the blame on the man for [ __ ]
a chick getting her pregnant and dishing
I think it goes on the woman because
she's the one that decided to open up
and take the cream pie raw dog you see
isn't that also on there guy doesn't it
take to to make a baby does take to but
women are the gatekeepers of sex so when
a woman has set to the dude and has kids
with him and he runs off who was in
charge of that situation I mean the guy
is just as much as the woman I mean both
people have to come together it's like a
two-person process generally at least
from what I'm familiar with you need two
people to both say like okay let's do it
and make a baby I don't know how you
could assign the blame to one party over
the
there it kind of feels like you're
taking away all the agency from the man
right now I'm feeling a little bit
insulted you don't think men are capable
of understanding whether or not cream
buying somebody leads to a kid sees the
average corny dude out there cream
paying these girls who end up on welfare
give a [ __ ] about the consequences of
their actions okay wait so then the
problem is now wait so then the problem
is with the men then should we get rid
of men from society here wasn't happy
you know honestly I won't have a problem
if the single mothers or let's just say
the perspective single mother you know
they took the cream from some bad boy if
they just went to the Planned Parenthood
did some choppy dicey and I had to pay
for the kids wait wait I have no idea
what you just said what do you mean all
right there's the pill there's limitless
options for females to control their own
reproductive rights it's you know
abortions
you know legislated against which I
don't agree with I think you know I I
think every girl should get one free
abortion if she gets a tubes tied to get
why not men get VESA vasectomies and
they get abortions for their significant
others who without if you want a if you
want a man to get ever set to me
whatever but it's it's not the men well
it but it is it takes two people to make
a baby every time it really does it's
how Arden species were that you come
back to the same point but what I'm
trying to tell you is that who isn't who
decides whether a child is born full
stop the woman at any point a woman can
abort a child okay how are over that
well absolutely no once he's once he's
purged right if she wants to put him on
child support for 18 years wait hello
you hear me wait you might cut out for a
sec wait well like at any that's at any
point after the guy's already made the
decision to like impregnate her right
mm-hmm that's right that's why I
recommend you know condoms okay call all
right I can agree that here's here's
like the problem right huh this is a
group right and women are tax drains and
I would say that the woman who are tax
drains aren't the ones who are empowered
feminists right the ones there up there
working corporate jobs they usually tax
bent their tax
plusses the allegiance of single mothers
in there bastards leeching off the tax
system to be fair you realize that
everybody making under probably like 30
or 40 K it's like a tax drain right I'm
sure probably I mean I don't know those
stats I just have the study that says as
a group men pay taxes women consume
taxes okay do you know from some poor
homeless bum you know stabs a bunch of
cops and has to go to jail yeah he's a
tax drain or or if a man is working only
on 30 K year he's probably tax trained
as well
right I don't know what kind of programs
you'd be benefit for while you're paying
almost nothing in income tax on the
depending on your deduction it's like
you're gonna get [ __ ] back and I mean
depending on if you have kids you can
get more write offs like and then your
consumption is probably gonna be higher
than a wealthy person that's paying a
much greater dollar amount the whole
kind of argument I'm trying to paint
here for you hmm
let me see let me see if you disagree
with these points right I mean I've
already disagreed of pretty much every
single thing you've said so far let's
see like theoretically right woman
willing consume taxes so you have a
transfer of wealth as a group from men
who work huh paying for the failed
sexual decisions of a group of women
other men that these dudes didn't even
father okay makes it insidious well not
really this is like an insanely like
one-dimensional view of like a pretty
complicated issue I mean I don't see
it's complicated at all it's insanely
complicated here's a question let's say
you have one guy that's making 150k a
year and a woman that's staying home
taking care of the kid is that woman
consuming taxes she a single mother
no she's living with the father if she's
living with a guy is that woman
consuming tax but she's not a extreme
cuz she's not on welfare man okay so
you're literally just talking about
people that consume welfare are the bad
people not women then not trying to say
they're bad okay wait so why do you keep
going back to women and men while you
when you really mean to say is people
that consume welfare
as as a group men pay taxes as a group
wait why do you keep going - men and
women bring when you're just talking
about people that consume welfare why we
talking about like men and women and
then only talk about people that consume
welfare because as a group men pay more
taxes than women but women don't pay
taxes if they stay at home wives so I
mean like I don't know like you're these
two things are not comfortable women who
are tax drains are those single mothers
on welfare yeah but you're not yes so
you're talking about single you're
talking about single Pence on welfare or
tax trains not just women sure let's we
can get down to the extreme diluted or
wait no no it's not that extreme day
Luda I'm Trisha let's say for instance I
have a country with a million people
let's say almost all of these people are
men and women that are families and the
men are all working and the women are
almost never working and then let's say
that I have like 100 men that are
homeless and all they do is consume
taxes in this society men are still
contributing most of the taxes women are
consuming almost everything but I mean
what would you argue like this is just
like a really weird
all these weight or all these woman's
staying at home with a husband sure but
men are still paying most of the taxes
oh they're not so they're not on welfare
so they're not on welfare but they're
not paying taxes men are still paying
taxes then there's zero then there are
net nothing for tax yeah but man I still
paying way more of the taxes men work
that's what you get if you go to the
workplace okay so maybe we should make
the laws like if you hit pop out like a
bastard child the child should have to
go with the doubt instead of the mom
maybe getting that would fix it I don't
think so because you know I think the
most I think the majority of these
single mothers were gay knocked up on
having these kids and the dads either
run off with her I don't I'm not
confident in the average you know
competency of a do to knock some of
these chicks up okay that's that's
really disempowering to men like we live
in a society where men have to pay for
the sexual failures of [ __ ] I mean but
it's their sexual failure as well right
yeah but you know no one really cares
about in cells like I care about them
but people just kind of [ __ ] on them
when a man fail a man's failure in the
sexual marketplace is just from being a
virgin no
cares well it's so what is this how wait
how did we pivot away from this Wow
oh yeah no I'm saying why would we blame
women for having kids when it takes men
and women to do it to have a child out
of wedlock it takes two people well to
arm a bomb let's say it takes two people
one one person can disarm it right other
person once they are mate they walk away
they can't do anything in nine months
uh-huh the person who could disarm it at
any point refused to who is more
culpable in that situation I mean I
guess past the point of the impregnating
the person it's left up to one person
but it still takes to be able to
impregnate them all so it's not just
willy-nilly to get an abortion all the
time like these things can be costly not
everybody has access to it in some
states it's harder than others like day
after pill was under 100 bucks they have
to pill first of all under 100 bucks
what like a 70 or $80 pill could be a
lot of money to some people firstly
secondly the ripple can be really rough
on a lot of people's bodies that's some
hard [ __ ] thirdly if you're over a
certain weight the day after pill does a
man work on you
it was the 70 to 80 bucks more or less
expensive than having a child that's not
relevant I just said as you said if it's
a cost issue you know they don't have 70
bucks to spend you have a couple
thousand bucks yeah but poor people
don't make decisions this way that's
like saying like why would you get a
payday loan when it's gonna be worse
here in the future
I mean that doesn't stop people are
gonna payday loans like it's a good
point yeah you could say that poor
people don't really think ahead that
much but you know you could always give
the kids for adoption or use a condom
you giving up people for adoption as I
don't think we can just flood the
adoption things and then using condoms
that's up to the men not the woman right
well I mean if a woman tells a man he's
gotta use a condom and he doesn't that's
rape so it really is a the woman
controls the whole situation okay all
right in okay I got [ __ ] okay [ __ ] wait
I have to leave and eat I'm sorry my
parents are screaming at me do you have
any final closing points for us you know
what man
I just hope you have a safe trip in your
vacation thanks I'll everybody be
careful
[ __ ] okay it wasn't right of Peters when
who's the guy were it's like you have
the [ __ ] oh no was Jesse Lee Peterson a
[ __ ] makers holy [ __ ]
[Music]
