are we still playing he's literally
playing with us I think she's just going
to wait was this all a lie all along I
messaged executing his ex you see you
gonna play with us did you text them I
messaged him damn everybody's jus
baiting I stood poke he was like oh I
want to play with you and Steve no
response those off want to give me a
part all right wait yeah Lily did that
tit what the [ __ ] I want to hear it in
purple agreement I wanna hear okay I
promise not to be mean to Lily Vegeta
didn't really change it's only
motivation what are you actually serious
Harry no I actually Parish I don't know
I just I'm not meaning it oh my god oh
my god oh my god excuse he's probably
actually tired and Lily just does wanna
play cause she's feeling she's taking
his member though oh holy
what's your name excuse me
it'll be Steven Bonnell i i i made this
[ __ ] like 10 years ago [ __ ] and your
life you stupid canadian Quebec and [ __ ]
what were you 10 years ago like [ __ ]
9xq see what's your main okay there's a
guy right here holy [ __ ] oh [ __ ]
I [ __ ] hate this banner don't like he
asked you of you handle - [ __ ] - babe I
don't even know what the [ __ ] you're
saying sounds already dead wait you guys
are revive me no wait did he really
resin I was in here dude I was afk
oh [ __ ] I'm being shot
I just well like he's like there you go
like I can't [ __ ] I can't understand
anything you're saying I gotta slow down
oh look I had no [ __ ] idea what the
[ __ ] I said during any of that I'm not
gonna do it again
okay can we kill people as they come in
there's people chasing us these people
che one guy to the right Lynn is 60 that
guy is super ultra Lynn we get them all
I'm just sitting outside you wanna go
this way do under the other way excuse
me what you wanna do would you get
what's the best gun in the game it's
that good it's not the best man [ __ ] has
like such a huge it's a magazine excuse
here why is it a magazine more than a
clip if you have a device that you put
bullets into and then you put that
device into a gun it's called a magazine
that's how like most guns are fed a clip
is like the bullets are kind of already
stuck together and you slide all of them
into a gun the thing that when you slide
it all and that's like a clip of bullets
oh-oh yeah bye Sam oh my god
just kidding download you know oh what
the [ __ ]
oh yeah I'm not kidding I knocked six
people in here yeah how many kills did
you get you got somebody coming up for
you behind excuse me Sheila Sheila what
the [ __ ] dude drone drone oh you don't
want it there he's in there
oh my god I just got super lit you what
you might have a creeper cravers [ __ ]
it's a Craver trade Cramer yo what's it
do you know what a crit Kenny what is he
saying uh-huh
I have no idea what he's saying oh okay
okay Kyra sniper that's gold on this
game legendary sniper gotcha Craver
sniper okay cool okay
are we gonna try to revive her son Abbey
or I say [ __ ] it don't worry about it
dude just you wait you're gonna get a
lot yeah there's three people it's a
whole squad yeah why not now mr. Deane's
it's a swish swish hey Randy
probably not it was a good try they're a
good fun to team that was fun yeah we
got squished alright what got sprayed my
dreams yeah Craver
Craver [ __ ] me dude I'm about to get
Kramer it again I don't know how to do
this oh you got a break-in eyes you're
gonna kill one dude Lord they went to a
house a third dude that guy has a purple
armor and a peacekeeper nice this is the
reason why these games will never build
a hardcore following it and loyal [ __ ]
that keeps going back in the dust which
Kings that when your games it's more the
better game this is what is evil never
try it past the juice mode he's an
orange e [ __ ] garbage no I mean
that's literally every battle is gonna
have some RNG right it's new people
warning dog [ __ ] like that they're gonna
build a six-story hotel
yeah night somebody gets shot you build
a six little talk
oh these games cater the new mechanics
that reward low skilled players these
games there whether successful is it
giving people that cannot Inc and on
moon cannot shoot cannot think stand
away winning it I [ __ ] wish dude I
just looked at my oldest skype visit and
I actually have you added things I'm
sure might you had edit for no reason
he's my life to you're saying that I was
approaching and you had any vested but
and I once women I saw you on the vlog
sleep and I spanned the [ __ ] out of
ginger [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] I'm glad I
removed you okay I found
Oh juice I got no juice dude I never got
the juice
there's no crates probably well that's
the whole concept of communism they
don't dip the Jews they just [ __ ] as you
seem to have amendment okay is that how
that works dude I'm [ __ ] down Stephen
Benelli I'm in the helicopter down [ __ ]
you got him oh you did you did okay
right
can you come over here drop another
thing I have zero bullets I'm in [ __ ]
Mozambique dude it's so bad I don't have
anything I can't go up to him I got the
Mozambique to I'm going in good luck
okay wait there's like one guy thing
right guys he's there cz right here yeah
but we have no okay let's go I'm but I'm
Russian I'm going in I've knocked that
one knocked out one get any [ __ ]
shooters oh ok everybody [ __ ] chill I
didn't do the wrong thing why I say you
have a Mozambique if you will what you
really have is I don't absolutely why
not just say no bullets I thought you
had like a gun okay I love you guys it's
been fun I'm gonna [ __ ] star just
about to say the same
you
[Music]
