hello hello oh [ __ ] there he is
hey we got it working how you of it oh
my god that took forever okay beautiful
but is destiny a stripper it's very
funny I try not to be okay what do we
got wait um can you be a little louder
yes I'm here
yep okay and then one more time all
right I'm here I'm here we're going to
debate certain things about the world
gotcha
this is fine okay cool we we literally
haven't even discussed what we're gonna
talk about um well I mean if part of
what you wanted to defend was that
Republicans can be intelligent people so
that right there probably gives us a
boatload of issues we'll just
acquaintances oh I forgot that I wrote
you that but yeah that was this sort of
pretty much the fundamental problem that
I had with what you said I mean the
biggest problem that I had with what you
said sure but I also wanted to sort of
in general defend a little bit defend
Lawrence other okay that's weird
starting off pretty happy about okay
well I'll tell you I'll tell you why
I'll tell you why because so did you
read the New York Times article I assume
you must have because you were a big
part of that um yeah I think so I've
been familiar with this guy's story for
quite a long time so Caleb Cain right
right yeah so he posted this for
everybody who doesn't know there's this
guy Caleb Cain and he posted this video
about how he had kind of gone a little
bit but he would call alt light uh-huh
which I'm not even really sure what his
like exactly where what his mentality
was at the point that he was right-wing
or whatever but it looked like he was
watching some kind of if not white
supremacist white nationalist stuff yeah
or like kind of a vault light
nationalists or whatever so people like
Lauren southern basically you subscribe
to all of the tenants of the alt right
save for the Jewish conspiracy theory
which I don't think Lauren pushes but I
actually wouldn't IIIi would think that
saying that Lauren southern is all light
that to me sounds a little bit like a
slur now I don't know if she would
subscribe to that but I would imagine
that she wouldn't well I mean
depends on if you think that being
racist as a slur or not I guess depends
on your ideology what you consider a
slur do you think do you think Lauren
southern would consider herself to be
racist um no but racist often don't
right that's like the it's part of the
challenge of the conversation I I
suppose that depends on racism
I mean you know your definition of what
racism is but I also think that there is
this presumption in the United States
that you can you can deduce somebody
being racist without them accepting it
and I don't think that's true the only I
mean that that's really the only way you
can ever find if someone is racist right
very rarely will somebody declare or any
idea because they're secretly racist
because the world is so hostile toward
it well not only that but I mean through
like we have to use inductive reasoning
to ever arrive at the conclusion that
someone is racist I can't truly know for
instance somebody could say I love women
and then also say I want all women to be
stoned to death of their adulterers
right or adulteresses I guess like how
do I know if you're you know a
misogynistic person if I if you don't I
was actually in that particular
hypothetical I would presume that they
were in fact not misogynistic but rather
they just hated adulteresses okay cific
subset of women gotcha okay I mean okay
I mean we could do yeah we really
concept within Christianity of like hate
the sin love the sinner have you heard
that I have heard of that concept but at
the end of the day I mean if we if we
only evaluate people's eye I guess moral
decisions with like relative to their
own framework then we kind of lose the
ability to make any moral condemnation
at all right which kind of hurts our
ability to have like a like a legal
system for instance which presupposes a
lot of morality like for instance like
nobody well almost
nobody would call themselves like a
racist or a misogynist or any other one
of these derogatory terms because
they're always gonna have a good reason
for why they believe that things they
believe right so I just asked if I was
in or me I I'm not quite sure what you
mean by that but I'm relatively normal
yeah yeah you definitely have to set
certain standards and then I suppose
determine whether or not people in
society have you know broken the rules
right
the problem is something like racism is
there's no law against racism yeah of
course not but we're not talking about
laws against racism we're just curious
like I'm generally interested in knowing
of a purse
was racist because it's gonna shade the
way that they view a lot of things and
it's gonna possibly poison a lot of the
kind of ideas they have I'm like if I
actually agree with you a hundred
percent and that that's actually why I
in some ways I think that we need to
make society freer you know I guess
liberate people to express themselves a
little bit more clearly you know and I I
don't mean to say we shouldn't have a
sunken some kind of social pressure
against racism I think that we should
but there is a certain thing like okay
there's certain laws in place where you
know you can't be racist in terms of
your like employment uh-huh habits and
stuff like that I think you should be
able to be oh yeah that sounds really
cruel but look if you have a racist
employer and he became comes known as a
racist employer and he certainly is you
know clearly it's because he won't hire
black people some like that I think
people have a right to know that you
know under the certain you know under
the current system a lot of that gets
hidden for legal reasons yeah but what
do you do then when you get a system
that starts to self-perpetuate so you
have a district full of people that only
hire white people and then black people
can never live there and then the racism
is entrenched to there and it becomes
cyclical right uh you know that is a
completely different world well no
that's the world of the United States
with Jim Crow laws like literally
exactly precisely right right it's a
different time right so it's essentially
a fictional version of our world today
or I don't know if you can say something
historical that our parents lived
through is a fictional version of our
world today I mean it's pretty real and
there's still a lot of people that
demonstrate these types of racist
performs of thought for instance when it
comes to hiring people black people's
tend to be discriminated against more
than white people based on name alone
I'm always skeptical of those studies I
mean a pretty well accepted in the
academic world like whether this is a
case you're but you're talking about
people like you know with like a name
that's discernibly
black yeah of course white yeah but the
only people that are discernibly black
are named like African names or like
Shaniqua like weird made-up names and
well I mean well firstly hold on firstly
all names are made up right that's names
donors names on a feature of the world
we wouldn't so firstly all names I mean
it's Oh
you're on so I'm not gonna pin you down
anything mainly because I don't care it
was boring to me oh you just said was
like unintentionally what you just have
it is though your basic sound like your
name is a fake Shaniqua that's not a
real name well of course it is every
name is equally fake and equally real
you understand what I read it is not
it's not common right it's not a common
name it's like a name that somebody
decided this is this sounds unique and
interesting so a lot of the times when
somebody looks at a name like that
they're not looking necessarily at race
they're looking at class right so if
somebody like so if you're looking at a
you know in an application the guys
names Randy I'm gonna think this guy
might be a redneck and that's about like
applications that they submitted for
these people in this study this is like
one of the most wide red like studies of
all time when it comes to us like they
controlled for things like that like the
applications were identical saved they
swapped the names so the background and
everything was exactly the same in terms
what was on the application no no I I
understand what you're saying understand
the whole concept but the assumption is
that people looked at a name saw it was
black and thought okay I I don't want to
hire this person but it's very possible
that that person saw name and they
thought that it was like a lower class
name right I mean I think most people
are more classist than they are racist
so you would say okay if I'm gonna hire
this redneck or I'm gonna hire this like
guy from the hood right it's - there
isn't a huge difference to me yeah so
you know you're making you I don't know
I'm really not trying to like get you or
anything but you're making arguments to
be racist like that's what you're doing
you're saying but this is the equivalent
of me saying like I want to hire
somebody to do a job but I'm not gonna
hire anybody with boobs at all and then
some he's like well hold on isn't that
kind of sex that's more like whoa wait
hold on no no no no I just said I'm not
gonna hire people boobs if you know
those people tend to be women well I
mean that's not my problem right you're
basically saying that like well maybe I
just see a naming that every single
black person is poor no that's what
you're assuming you're telling me that
have you seen anyone around you would
instantly say or not you but seeing the
name Tyrone
gives you the instant Association of
lower-class therefore you're not gonna
hire that person that's that's like a
racial effect like that's not that's
like discrimination based on an alien
race Allegiant because if you if you if
I did that in Portland Oregon right if I
saw a black name in poor
in Oregon I would not you know cuz I'm
from Oregon I would never assume that
they were poor that's good for you but
that's not what the outcome of the study
was right I mean maybe but if I saw
their name Randi I would assume that the
person was poor and if and if I were
specifically looking for somebody who
came from sort of you know like wealth
because I had some kind of class bias I
might be preferential to Tyron rather
than then Randy on name alone and that
has nothing to do with race has
everything to do with class sure okay
but do you agree that that's a problem
for if you're a black person in the
United States you're trying to get a job
and people instantaneously associate
your name with being lower-class do you
think that might be like a problem huge
problem and I and I I would say that
class bias is hugely problematic period
you know but the only problem with class
bias is never gonna go away because
there is always gonna be a natural
assumption that somebody from a lower
class has it has a poorer education and
and is less intelligent and that's just
always going to be true and I'm not sure
how you could ever overcome that are you
are you I'm just curious for just so I
have an idea are you a socialist or
Marxist oh no no okay you're giving me
like a very heavy Marxist interpretation
of how society structure the idea that
everything revolves around class and
everything is ultimately reducible to
class is a very Marxist way of looking
at Society I'm not sure if you're aware
of that but I don't think that I would
say everything is reducible to class I'm
talking about this very specific study
okay but in this very specific study
where people's names are discriminate
against that are black names you're
telling me well the racism part isn't
important we're gonna reduce it to class
that's like a very Marxist thing to do I
don't think so I think that it's it's
you could interpret it either way I'm
not saying that there were no racists in
the study like it if you went through
and you looked at the people who are
doing the hiring you would never find a
racist I'm sure that you could but I
also think that you would find a lot of
people who just thought this person
seemed lower class and that's not that
has you know sometimes that might be
associated with race in certain regions
and like that that's just maybe a
problem with societal structure you know
the witness ID happens to be sure so I'm
curious don't you think that it's
possible that if I run with this line of
thought that you're setting a bar that
is so impossible to pass that
nobody could be racist so for instance
let's say I went to hire somebody and
now I had physical appearances that I
could look at and I saw a white person
in a black person and then the person
said well I've heard that black people
commit more crime so I'm not gonna hire
the black person just because he might
be violent at the workplace do you think
that might be racist who do you think
that's a fair assessment as well I think
that's actually a pretty fair assessment
it's not you know it's it's sort of like
you you would you would want everyone to
judge everybody on their individual
characteristics right but if somebody is
privy to data that is accurate and they
are discriminating against people based
on that data it's that's that's a
natural thing for people to do it's it's
unfortunate if the data is not in the
favor of the person that you're talking
about why do you think it's fair when
you're doing an interview process we are
trying to singularly assess the
qualifications of somebody so for
instance you're not looking at the
average educational attainment in the
u.s. you're not looking at the average
job experience in there so you're
looking at one applicant why would you
apply the average criminality on to an
individual when you're looking at
specifics and every other qualifying
thing no I wouldn't I wouldn't oh I
would try not to write I would try not
to yeah but I might purse our gun what
like the thing that I'm trying to
express is that I I think that it's
natural for people to tends to do that
well yeah but that's it this is a
vacuous statement it's natural for
people sometimes to rape or murder
people that's not a good argument I sort
of a moral defensive of an action right
yeah I I do think that there is what the
definition of racism is like very tricky
because there there are two kind of
ideas with regard to area well there's
several ideas definitions but there's a
like a broad definition and there's a
strict definition and my idea is a
hatred or a thinking that a particular
group is inferior
don't you think thinking that they might
be a lower class or a criminal by
default don't you think those two things
are forms of inferiority I would I
wouldn't say that people think that it's
default I think that it would be
something that they would suspect
because that might be true what's the
difference between that and default like
what's the difference know what you just
said and what I just said so I said that
all black there's an assumption that the
person is that way and there's a
suspicion that somebody's that way what
an assumption and a suspicion these are
like synonyms right like what's that no
no to assume is to say okay like I see
that you're sitting in front of a
computer you know with headphones on
doing a u2
channel I see you have like gamer stuff
going on or whatever you must be a loser
right you must be a loser i I just I
just start to treat you like a loser I
talk to you like you're a nerd I don't
have like the respect for you that I
would have with somebody that I would
imagine that would be more social or I
could say I suspect this person might
have nerdy tendencies let's explore that
by you know investigating or talking to
the person it's like a hypothesis that
you're then trying to explore as opposed
to just an assumption about the person
right oh look look none of these things
are particularly good that we that we do
this all the time you know every
sometimes you make assumptions about
people and you're totally wrong right
like look at America's Got Talent that
was all the time yeah but we're not
talking it we're talking about like
literally hiring or not hiring somebody
based on and I don't know if you would
use assumption or suspicion that doesn't
necessarily pertain to that person when
the goal of an interview is to like
ascertain the qualifications of an
individual you're trying to apply like a
classes status on that I would say that
that assumptions would be racist and
that suspicions would be natural so if
somebody were to apply for a job and
their background was fine everything's
great but they were black and you had a
suspicion they might become violent
that's fair game well that I mean that
that's a tricky position you're
defending right well well here's why
that's really tricky because
statistically speaking you would
naturally somebody who had all the
statistics and understood what was going
on you know in America they might make
that they might jump to that you know
they might be suspicious about I'm
trying to pull you out because you're
half [ __ ] I'm not trying to do this I
swear to god you're know you can try to
make me look as no I'm not trying to I
swear to god I'm not but you're like
you're giving me line by line like
you're giving me like that you're giving
me like the justifications for like
statistical racism and it doesn't hold
up my promise you know when you say
something like when you say something
like like I have the statistics in front
of me I can I can then make a judgement
about this individual black person
you're not doing that about any other
judgments you can't make a job or have a
suspicion like regardless like but it's
not if you use that to determine whether
or not you hire somebody if everybody
does that based on race that's that's
not good is it listen if I go into a
like a hip-hop producers office uh-huh
right and I say
listen I'd like a job working for you
and this guy's like well okay this guy
does not probably have any knowledge
about hip-hop he's super lame like he's
super white he probably has no idea
about the culture and then I come out
with all these obscure references and I
know what I'm doing and I you know I
even get on the mic and I'm like a
magnificent hip-hop artist which is not
true at all but he thought let's pretend
that that's true his suspicion when I
walked in the door was like disproven
but he had a natural suspicion based on
it doesn't necessarily have to just be
statistics it could be your life
experience people are people have
natural tendencies to believe certain
things for a variety of reasons other
than just hating a group or thinking
that they're inferior okay so I I mean
okay that's makes that assumption like
right off the bat I mean like I guess
like we just qualify everything that I'm
saying so that we can kind of get more
on the same page because I actually
don't think we disagree about this that
much sure okay I do think that a white
supremacist would make a lot of these
kinds of arguments or a white
nationalist or something like that right
have somebody who is genuinely hateful
in order to justify what they're saying
that doesn't make them untrue and I
think that a lot of the problem we have
in America is that people are extremely
reticent to accept certain things that
are accurate or are real you know
because that they don't want to be
aligned with these sort of white
supremacy or white nationalist types
because they make similar arguments
right a white nationalist can make an
argument that is totally makes sense and
then he could jump to the conclusion
well we need to get rid of Mexicans and
put them back in Mexico right or or we
need to get rid of Muslims and put them
all back in Muslim countries right I
don't I have no interest you know I've
got you know I listen if I had to get
rid of all the people that weren't white
in America I would have almost no
friends like it would be horrible for me
right I you know the color of a person
to me is you know completely irrelevant
in terms of their value okay I don't
care about you in particular right I
don't like I said I don't know whether
or not you aren't racist it's not even
relevant to this for either of us and I
really like white supremacist a non
racist person I can look at the data and
and look at human responses to data and
have a perfectly valid
uh you know rational response to it but
a valid rational response to a black
person you know being interviewed isn't
this guy might just turn violent because
I know the criminal data on how many
blacks been incarcerated that's not like
I don't think particularly rational you
know to me that kind of stereotyping is
not necessarily rational but I think for
some people who are particularly
sensitive to that kind of thing
it might be rational let's say that a
woman was rationality isn't defined by
the observer that's the whole point of
rationality we should have like an
objective like third party frame of
reference by which we can analyze things
let's say a girl was raped by a black
guy she looked into the data she saw the
crime rates and she was just naturally
you know afraid when she ran into a
black guy as she was she was working
toward you know not jumping to
conclusions because you know that she
understood that not obviously not every
black guy she was gonna run into who's
gonna rape her but she had that sort of
conditioned response I mean I can't sit
here and say that that woman's a racist
because she has that conditioned
response that's her experience in
forming her suspicions about people well
I mean one we could say she's a racist
absolutely no obviously this is a very
emotional example but but sugar we
absolutely could but firstly that's a
much different experience though in
terms of you personally dealing so for
instance like I'm not gonna sit here and
tell somebody you need to you know have
black friends or you need to have
Mexican friends but if you're in charge
of like interviewing people and you've
got like a huge grudge against a certain
race for whatever reason you probably
shouldn't be in charge of like
interviewing and hiring people right uh
you know but everybody is a huge grudge
is kind of you know how do you how do
you figure out how objective people are
everybody has I mean if somebody says
they've been raped by a black person and
then they have like a grudge against
black you know what that's gonna that's
gonna be broadcast to everybody in the
ok place okay what so like here's a
question that because this is ultimately
like what we're getting at the meat of
this right and this is what I'm
genuinely curious what would an
interviewer have to do in your eyes to
actually be racist an interview oh so
like somebody in row but I have to
actually do to be considered racist and
under the framework you're working with
to me that is a very delicate I haven't
really thought too much about that I'll
be honest so you know ok I'll give you a
point there because I haven't without
about but but I'll tell you what I'll
tell you what I I think that unless
somebody is willing
to say that they think that a race is
inferior or that they hate a particular
group you should give them the benefit
of the doubt
III think that it's you'd be very
hard-pressed to me it's too often do we
jump to the conclusion of racism I think
that there are so many other isms out
there you know classism you know I
always I always say like you should work
well it doesn't matter but I used to
talk to some guys about this we we kind
of all came to the conclusion that the
the race that has it the worst it's not
the black people it's not white people's
not Hispanics from you know Islamic
country you know Arabs order
it's ugly people okay okay sure Before
we jump onto the black pill train okay
let's so just so that I can understand
are summarizing our position it's a
business it's an online meme yeah I know
I know black but I actually looked up
yesterday okay I do think that ugly
people have it the worst here's somebody
who's like particularly ugly people are
gonna be biased against you black white
Hispanic whatever if you're a very
good-looking person you're a black guy
in a nice suit
clean haircut you know great attitude
you know speaks well I mean gosh you
know everybody's gonna want to hire you
if you're Mexican same thing if you're
you're Muslim nobody nobody really cares
about that stuff anymore in America you
are charming and eloquent and and a
delightful human being
I honestly if you're think we should
look into Marxist I think you would love
like reduction of every issue to class I
think you should really look into it
because you're hardcore pushing that
narrative the ideas behind you know
socialism and I you know just look I
don't think class is necessarily a bad
thing okay
so before we move on to this here just
to summarize like our previous
discussion so you would say that it is
unreasonable to assume that somebody can
be racist without them literally
declaring I hate X group of people or I
of course of course it's of course it's
possible wait so if it is possible how
would you go about like inductively
reasoning about what kind of pieces of
evidence would you gather to see if
somebody might be racist well like I
said I haven't really thought about that
I mean I would have to give that point
up to you that it to me it would be a
very difficult thing to assume now there
are certain things that you can assume
uh you know based on what people say and
how they act like if they say the n-word
a lot I think it'd be difficult to
imagine although there are people who do
that just to be provocative I think Owen
Benjamin says the n-word a lot just to
be provocative but but wait so you know
we'd say somebody like Owen Benjamin is
not a racist I literally know nothing
about Owen Benjamin okay literally said
that if he had to choose a doctor he
would never go with a black doctor over
a white doctor because he would be too
scared the black doctor would kill him
uh actually I understand that completely
do you think that's a racist sentiment a
100% no I think that is a sentiment and
listen I've worked for a black doctor
and he was an awesome guy and I loved
him to death he's amazing guy who works
in Beverly Hills he went to school at
Harvard he grew up in Beverly Hills went
to the Beverly Hills High School
great guy loved him to death but in
general if you don't know who what the
doctor you know who the doctor is if you
don't know him personally and you just
see that they're black right it because
of affirmative action affirmative action
it really screwed over good black
doctors well they would have Ben Carson
like one of the best brain surgeons the
world genius but because of affirmative
action they're held to a different
standard like even what he'll do
different standard than everybody else a
lower standard do you think there are
doctors that pass med school that
otherwise wouldn't because affirmative
action somehow gives them better grades
I think that what happens is that people
suspect that maybe these people look I I
don't actually know how you know you
can't get a med school on affirmative
action there's not like there's not like
a great get through med school with
flying colors and you can scrape by
just like everything yeah but you know
what they call the worst white doctor
that graduates from a college a doctor I
think as long as you pass you pass
whether you're the best or the worst
like it doesn't alleviate people's fears
their perceptions you're giving me like
a million different reasons why people
can be racist you're saying like you're
talking about judging a doctor's
capabilities just based on the color of
his skin how was that not racism like
it's not being something color skin it's
based on the system that judges him by
the color of his skin
I am critical of the system that judges
him by the color of the skin I say let
him into med school at the same standard
as everybody else right and to be honest
I don't even know if med schools enact
affirmative action in the same way that
other kinds of you know you know groups
do but like if
gonna hire an engineer and you're gonna
think okay I know that affirmative
action you know let this guy into
college how much more likely are you to
think okay I'm suspicious that that guy
maybe isn't as qualified as it looks
like from you know from his from his uh
whatever application it it's it's it's
it's a problem with the system it's not
that I necessarily I could give two
craps with the color is of the guy who's
making the bridge it feels like okay
notice this is happening okay I don't
care about what you personally would do
like his because you can abstract that
to it like everyone but it's not
relevant right because like even if
because there are two possibilities I'm
not accusing you of doing this but like
if you were lying to me you would make
up anecdotes or if I was lying to you I
would make up a note okay
I'm always gonna say well listen I've
got twenty Haitian friends I got twenty
black friends I would never doesn't save
me every time I say me it's just an
illustration it's like a hypothetical is
it's an illustration of how I think most
people think most white people think in
America let me ask you in real life in
real life
how many genuinely like self-avowed
racists do you know personally i don't
do this job so it's possible you've met
some sensei personally you mean like
they're my friends or does people have
talked to or in real life run into in
real life met spent an hour with
anything I have no idea I'm pretty
antisocial I stay inside or I go to like
conferences to talk to like my business
people like I asked this tons of people
there are certain regions in which you
will find people who are like oh yeah I
know racists like like Detroit and you
know certain places where you have like
a large sort of contrasting populations
like I think maybe like Baltimore places
like that but mainly in the like the
Midwest and some places in the south
you'll find people who go yeah I've met
racists but even those people are like
only like a couple and to me it's like
okay if I'm white and I'm going around
the country and I meet people and I know
people that run businesses you know and
literally no one I've never been a
racist in my in my life you know I've
heard people say racist things online
I've never actually been in the presence
of a racist and communicated with them
and you know enjoyed a conversation or
if I've met zero and I'm 39 years old by
the way this is not a symbol of any kind
that's a symbol for zero okay if I've
met zero
zero how many can there be it's not like
this epidemic that CNN thinks that there
is you you have such a pessimistic view
of white people and I actually think
this is kind of a rough thing to say
but I think people like you actually
make the black populations stay down
right because you say white people are
racist and they won't give you a shot
and certain people are like okay this
decision to go to school or a decision
to go swing drugs well if I go to school
even if I get good grades I probably
won't get into college because white
people don't like me and even if I do
then they're not gonna give me a job so
you know f it I'm gonna go sling drugs
it's like no don't put invisible
blockades in front of people like white
people are effing racist and the system
needs to change because everybody will
just use that as an excuse like the the
reason I haven't been able to succeed in
my life any any shortcoming in the black
population we say oh it's because of
white racism and it does not help the
black population I'm sorry that was Ben
right yeah there's a lot to talk about
there I mean I don't even know where to
start
the idea that I mean I'm familiar with
this this is kind of a humorous argument
the bigotry of low expectations I mean
we can go into that if you want it's
really boring and it's really vacuous
alright cuz you just wanna look like 12
minutes okay
no that's okay I understand but like I
mean I have to respond right like like
the frustration is that like with people
like you and and I don't know you well
enough but it's me yeah people like you
is that you might not be racist you
might be well-intentioned you might be
whatever I'm not familiar enough with
you to know but it's really frustrating
I guess when there is a whole bunch of
damaging or harmful racist behavior that
exists in society but people of these
types of arguments literally set like in
a possibly high standard that not even
90% of real racist would actually need
to actually conclude whether or not
somebody's behaviors racist like you've
essentially defended the idea that I
could say I don't want a doctor because
he's black or I don't want to hire a
black applicant even though they're
totally qualified because maybe they're
poor because the name is Tyrone or maybe
they're gonna hurt somebody because
they're black and I know that black
people go to jail like if you're on
ironically defending like some of the
most racist positions a person can hold
I don't even know where we're gonna be
at when we get into like criminal
justice or things where other forms of
like institutionalized racism aren't
just feelings that white people have but
numbers that are hardcore documented and
back and shown time and time and time
and time and time again
throw this because you keep saying that
everything every critic every sort of
defense of what you would call a racist
you know uh-huh
idea is is just a defense of racism so I
would I would just throw this back to
you and say because cuz I'll accept that
sometimes that would be like an excuse
for racism okay I'll accept that
although I don't think it's common but I
think that it's possible and I'll throw
it back to you and say it are there any
instances where as where a person could
be suspicious of a black person and you
think that it's not racist I mean any
time you're taking the status of an
entire class of people and you're taking
an average and applying it to an
individual you're engaging in a form of
I mean in this particular case be racism
yeah okay so you you can never excuse it
if anybody has any kind of presumptions
about anyone based on skin color it's
always racism I mean generally outside
of like maybe very extreme examples like
yeah when we're talking about like
interviewing somebody for a job or
something like that
yeah it's inappropriate to apply like in
like an average like a class of
statistics or whatever on to a single
person it's not that one is not rational
it's not even good for business if
you're trying to operate efficiently in
a capitalist system and - yeah it's
irrational by definition like it is the
definition of irrational I would
actually agree that it's irrational but
let's look at some another example like
the way somebody dresses right oh we
have to hire somebody for a you know a
very important job and this person like
somebody comes in impeccably dressed
like perfect okay you know like so the
suits are very expensive clearly you
know you know the Brant or whatever
comes in will you not then have certain
expectations about that person based on
their appearance for sure
but that's not I mean like why is that
that's not necessarily a bad thing
that's just why is that wait were you
gonna ask me what is the difference
between the type of clothing somebody
chooses to wear versus the skin color
they're born into because we can go a
little differences ahead of you what
like it's not really you know that's not
really the comparison I'm making that is
absolutely the comparison you just made
I'm I'm really making a comparison I'm
just trying to say that aesthetics will
influence a person's like just that it
could being black or white the aesthetic
if if you have a very specific knowledge
about a group it will necessarily
influence you it shouldn't though I'm
telling you that you just agreed higher
that's right three
I actually agree that in in most well in
especially with regard to race it
shouldn't matter as much as I think that
sometimes it does so if we don't agree
that it's irrational and probably
detrimental to society it's probably
something we should get rid of we don't
want look I I actually agree that it's
not only unethical but it's it's harmful
to your company as well as being
detrimental to society like you want to
be able to hire the best people no
matter what right it shouldn't matter to
you what color people are whatever I
hold it you know there's like a very
different standard I think that you have
than what I have in terms of what I
would call a racist idea uh-huh
alright I just wouldn't I just wouldn't
say that anybody who perceives anybody
as you know if I look at somebody and I
see that he's relatively skinny and in
good shape I'm probably going to assume
that they're good at sports they might
be terrible at sports but that just
might come before it cuz you're talking
yourself into a hole okay so the problem
is they're really not I'm really not I
know it feels like you're not but like
the analogies that you're using are
indicative of your underlying thoughts
that you're trying really hard to hide
and I'm not trying to accuse you visit
real quick we talked about so many skin
colour this is an intrinsic property of
somebody that they cannot change but
when you keep trying to illustrate this
by way of example using something else
you're picking things that people do
have control over like alright okay well
I can ask a good point somebody's made a
good point on here they just said okay
you should keep talking about hiring
people for jobs but what about a general
presumption about anybody ever can you
never look at anybody and make any
presumptions based on their race ever
about anything I mean there are
obviously some heuristics that we have
for people that we've you know function
with in our daily lives and I know
that's probably acceptable on an
individual level I don't think everybody
can be like a perfect arbiter of
rationality and whatnot sure like when
it's coming to me I think I'm trying to
forgive no no no but that's what we were
talking about we were talking about
hiring people for jobs that's far
different than I walk into a bar and
maybe I feel more comfortable sitting
with the other Asian people rather than
the black people right that's way
different than I'm making a hiring for a
job or I'm deciding what kind of doctor
I want right these are two totally
different types of decisions in society
one can be far more harmful than the
other I also have this idea that that
people have a familiarity bias of course
they sure I and I don't think that this
is actual specifically I don't think
this is racism well but there's like
this familiarity by his friend so you're
talking about disappearance is a
well-documented that when people live in
cities that have like more diverse
people around them they have better
attitudes towards those other groups of
people as well this is pretty well
documented in psychology week a Google
Scholar a bunch of studies that the more
time you spend around different people
are different skin colors the more
friendly you are towards those types of
people yes I think that's absolutely
true but it's not just that I think that
when you grow up with parents that look
something like you and they take care of
you hopefully you you feel more
comfortable around people who look like
that because you've been conditioned to
believe people like that will be nice to
you and take care of you and people the
further away people appear to be you
know you're gonna have a sort of a
natural distrust of those people and I
think that's ingrained through evolution
like well thousands it's all right where
grant were granted some of this
genetically we're probably predisposed
to it but like socially we reprogram a
ton of this type of stuff right you're a
hundred percent right and and white
people generally and you can tell me if
this is not true in your case but when I
was growing up pretty much every single
year at school it was like anti-racist
you know uh brainwashing and actually I
appreciate it because I think that they
should teach that I think they should
teach I'm just kidding me am i that
phrase anti-racist brainwashing like
they're brainwashing people to not be
racist is it yeah it's basically like
racism is like the most evil thing in
the world right and to be perfectly
honest I I don't think that that was a
bad thing that they did I think that
they should teach people not to judge
people on you know don't judge people on
the color of their skin
judge them on the content of the
character I love that sentiment I'm glad
that people instilled that ethic into my
brain okay but but like your assumption
is that like somehow that that's not
universally applied in America and that
secretly there's a bunch of people with
like Klan robes in their closet not Klan
robes but again but I guess the bar that
you set for being racist is so
unimaginably high like short of like
killing a black person or declare you're
about to do so you can't be considered
racist in your system it's like really
hard I guess to understand we're no I
mean I guess I think I mean like your
system is very frustrating to work with
him because I don't believe that it like
comports to what is real very
I would I would say this like okay I'll
give you an example of something that I
would think if a black person came in to
interview for me or a white person came
in to interview for me right so if I saw
a white person coming to interview for
me and he looked like a typical white
guy that you know that I would meet you
know back home and Oregon or like that I
would think that it's gonna be pretty
easy for me to connect with this person
because I grew up in similar
circumstances that sort of thing if a
black guy comes in to the room I might
think okay it we might come from like a
different background I might have to try
harder to connect to this guy right now
I don't think that that's a racist
presumption I don't think I dislike the
guy necessarily or I think let little of
him I just might think we might not come
from the same culture I might not you
know connect to him as easily let's find
out right that's a suspicion that I have
about the guy that he didn't grow up in
my culture now what if the guy turns out
to be more like me than the white guy
we're like cracking each other up the
guy's hilarious I love the guy end up
hiring the guy that did my suspicion of
him coming from a different culture than
me was that a racist suspicion I mean I
I guess in this particular circumstance
it's not necessarily horrible but like
what if you had achieved what if you had
to choose an extreme like a black guy
from Oregon versus Rd live in Portland
whatever or you don't have to say I
guess I was from Salem originally but it
was a black guy from from like Portland
Oregon versus like a white guy from like
Alabama which person do you think you
would have more in common with like
would you instantly just still assume
it's the white person or the black guy
okay but that's I mean that's just
that's just me and again you know it's
irrelevant cuz it's a but okay let me
ask you couple things that I wrote down
because I want to ask you a few things
about like the New York Times article
what was your take I mean did you read
the article the New York Times um I've
read so much stuff like it I think I
glanced a couple paragraphs but I think
I have the gist of it you can like it
was like I mean I don't remember it
naming you specifically but in his video
he doesn't name you specific yeah I've
talked to the guy before I am and he
talks about that lauren southern debate
being the thing cuz he was like that
Lauren southern did they blew my mind
cuz cuz destiny didn't just beat her he
destroyed her he destroyed yeah she
uttered some of the dumbest things I
think I've ever heard in my entire life
in that conversation yeah okay look I'll
grant you that I think at least
first half of that conversation huh you
definitely seem to be winning and I
think a big part of that was her making
a kind of a metaphor out of a video game
that I've never played but well the
problem when she started off with a
concrete argument like immigrations
impact on economics and empirically she
is absolutely devastated and any
conservative or libertarian that claims
to be opposed to integration because of
economics has is totally uninformed on
the literature right now I'll defend her
a little bit on that I it I've read a
few articles on this I haven't it's
almost impossible to find a consensus on
the numbers it is absolutely possible to
find a consensus the most Pro or the
most anti quote/unquote immigration
scholar that you could find Boris
himself like sure or we can go through
any number of papers whatever like it's
just the idea that immigration is like a
boon Terry economy is like it's like a
foundational to capitalism I mean it
absolutely article because it actually
it actually defined the net gain that
you're talking about it defined this as
not only a net gain but also a strong
shift right a shift in where the money
is right so the people that lose out are
the people that are most vulnerable
right so poor people lose out some of
the immigrants that come in gain and
then like businesses gain like rich
people gain and that's really that kind
of wealth distribution is so
antithetical to anything that the left
wants that it's bizarre that they want
to bring in more immigrants or it's not
not just immigrants generally but
specifically low-wage low-skill
immigrants yeah I mean you would address
this with your tax policy sure the left
also typically advocates for higher
taxation I have a different position
than her and then I don't really think
that the idea of immigration is
altogether bad right I mean I
immigration is like you know you're
gonna want to bring in people where you
need people right but the immigration
system I think Trump changed this a
little bit but the immigration system as
we had it for a long time was kind of
random it really did not take into
account our places of need in terms of
bringing in immigrants what else I want
to ask you okay
I mean even among like low-skilled
immigrants like there's decent like
economic consensus that these are
beneficial to the average US citizen
like even with low-skilled workers so
okay so like okay so it if it's a if
it's a if it's a benefit to the economy
in general but the only person that's
benefiting is like Bill Gates like let's
say Bill Gates makes a billion dollars
off of this this you know immigration
thing uh-huh and to the net economy we
make money but like pretty much everyone
else in the country loses that's not
positive you can't just look at the net
gain I absolutely agree I'm very curious
what your position is on the Trump tax
cuts that supposedly grew the GDP but
how most of those winnings were
distributed to the people that were the
wealthiest because that's who those tax
cuts targeted as well what do you feel
about that well there's absolutely a
disagreement amongst various economists
as a as to who benefit if there's not
there's not a just come on I've looked
I've looked at several articles about
this
some people think okay yeah it
definitely helped the middle class other
people like oh it only helped rich
people you know the left's the
progressive position on this is that it
only ever helped rich people ever and
you know but then you would look you can
read the tons of articles that say oh no
the middle class definitely benefited um
I mean I'm trying to give how much of a
dig I want to be because I'm one her I
just know well I well cuz I know you're
wrong typically I'm coming from most of
the stuff that I read the idea was that
there was a short term a very minor
short-term impact but other than that
there was almost no growth at all and
most of the winnings went to
corporations and to the wealthiest
people and then even companies where
usually there's like so many dissenting
opinions on this that it like unless we
like you and I went onto the internet
and just started looking up articles to
throw at each other like like we're
shoot you know it's it would just be
silly like the reality is there's a lot
of people that disagree with you and and
you know stating this as fact I think is
like kind of dangerous it's very
disingenuous
I don't think so many people you know
have to have crunched the numbers and
have seen you know this is this is
benefited the middle class you know it's
a hard thing to argue because it's just
gonna be so what I just said
so what you just said was a very common
way of disingenuously framing it that
the tax cuts did benefit the middle
class because they did but that's not
the argument the arguments that they
disproportionately benefited the upper
class which that's fine oh wait
I agree then what's your problem with
immigration if it disproportionately
benefits the people on top
what's my if okay because I think that
it actually hurts people but it well I
mean it increases the size of our
federal deficit I guess if you depending
on how you feel about I guess monetary
policy that might be another
conversation to have but I mean it grows
everything is difficult because I tried
to read as much as I could on this and
it was the numbers differ from
economists economists it's very very
difficult to get weighted like we have a
huge budget deficit largely well not
largely but also because of the huge tax
cuts we cut more from our tax receipts
than we did in our spending therefore
the budget deficit and then our overall
deficit grows or our debt grows I mean
yeah I mean it's to me like that's
that's an issue the deficit and the debt
that's an issue that we could talk about
for four hours and try to figure out how
to I don't think you and I are prepared
to solve the debt and deficit not about
solving and it's just interesting to me
that Republicans are insanely critical
about like people like Obama doing
things like Kenzi and economics and
deficit spending but literally the
argument in favor of tax cuts given by
Trump are Kenzi and arguments well if we
just you know the velocity of money in
the economy has to throw a bunch in and
who cares a we grow our national debt to
fund our crazy deficits like it's
essentially what Trump did is deficit
spending well you know yeah there's
there's always this idea that you you
you can increase the debt a little bit
or you know increase the deficit a
little bit temporarily and then that'll
have a better long-term effect and
because it'll grow the GDP and all this
kind of stuff you know I I don't know
enough about that kind of you know
macroeconomic theory to be able to tell
you exactly how to fix that I I mean I'm
not like one of these guys who who says
you know Obama was evil for spending you
know for increasing the deficit or the
debt you know it's always a problem it's
always a talking point that these guys
go to because it's an easy thing to
criticize because pretty much every
president has has been problematic in
that case I mean we we are really afraid
of austerity measures nobody wants to
cut anything in the government there are
I think pretty reasonable solutions to
some of this stuff and I think left-wing
people do have some good ideas about
cutting but in general you know
right-wing people do tend to be smaller
government which would actually reduce
spending reduce the debt reduce the
deficit and and you know left when
people want to increase everything which
it would be very stressful I think and I
think that's the primary argument right
is that like the right wants to wants to
be better about it even though they're
not maybe as effective as they'd like to
be way wants to be known about what you
know reducing the deficit reducing the
debt but but the right have never done
that I don't understand I don't
necessarily think that the politicians
intentions always match their
effectiveness so who cares about the
effectiveness of their intention do you
really think that there is there's not
like a bit like for instance like the
military-industrial complex isn't
something that's massively supported by
the Republican Party or we're gonna
pretend it that's just like an accident
or that's a hard thing for me to defend
because I really don't believe that we
need to be all over the world I'm
actually kind of in favor of reducing
the military presence abroad okay do you
still have it structured so that
corporations and wealthy people pay less
and less and less tax that things like
our capital gains tax brackets need to
look so much different than our ordinary
income tax brackets are these like good
tax policies they're basically just
shovel more okay you know okay you're
getting kind of in the weeds there but I
I would definitely say that being rich
is it should not be something that we
are hyper critical of in America and the
reason is because you have to have a
level of wealth that people want to
attain in order to encourage them to do
great things I don't necessarily
disagree with you but again I'm using
your argument because you told me that a
bunch of immigrants coming in here isn't
isn't necessarily good if all of the
gains of those economic you know
activities are going to the top whatever
percentage of Americans that was your
statement yeah I mean that's one
argument and look it that's not like the
straw that breaks the camel's back I
mean that's not the whole point you do
have a whole cultural argument to deal
with which is what Lauren said that
really wanted to talk to you about well
yeah because there's a lot more fields
based and a lot harder to make any
coherent arguments on but we I'll make a
couple of coherent arguments sure uh
what what's your what's your okay so do
you have you ever heard
Jordan Peterson's idea that like certain
people are so low like you that they
really can't function in society well
yeah I'm familiar with this idea that
you need a baseline of like it's like 85
80 or something in order to function in
the way that society's constructing
significant number of people that are
below that okay now I I don't
necessarily think that a lot of the
people were bringing in from other
countries are below that but I would say
that a lot of them are impoverished
right and a lot of hyperlocal low IQ
people are impoverished right so if
you're bringing in a lot of people who
are super low IQ super low education to
fill jobs that are sort of like you know
very picking or factory work something
that's repetitive that doesn't take any
kind of like you know intellectual
capacity what then do you do when those
jobs fill up because it's not a zero-sum
game generally like all the economists
say well the economy will just grow grow
grow grow grow right so you know you'll
just fill those jobs you might just play
some people temporarily but because the
GDP is growing the you know the whole
the pie is growing growing growing
you know those people will be able to
find jobs again but not in the case not
in the case of automation right and I'm
sure you've heard Andrew getting stuff
about that
I mean I'm familiar with upin automation
but his whole concept is that we're
going to automate so many different
areas of the economy that all these
people gonna be out of work soon and I'm
not I'm not a hundred percent convinced
that that's true I don't think that you
know I won't you automate something
usually other jobs from sprout up around
that automation in order to you know
satisfy you know other aspects that are
made available like like for instance uh
at my grocery store they now have
automated you know tellers and you know
they don't need as many automated
tellers where we talking about cashiers
or whatever they you know they don't
need as many cashiers and so you think
okay well there's you know there there
are fewer people working at that grocery
store but now I actually just ordered my
groceries in I don't even go through it
so let me so let's back up because I
don't I don't know what are what what
argument are we extracting from here
about immigrants coming from Mexico or
from something my point is saying we're
not we're not being it careful about who
we're bringing it we're bringing in such
like what would I say low skill labor
you know types from around the world
just Mexico I mean it's you know it's
from various places around the world
Mexico it's like easier obviously from
people from South America Mexico to come
in so it's like a huge majority of it
but or a huge percentage of it I guess
but if you if you fill up your country
with with those people and suddenly you
find that there just are not enough jobs
for them they will either take the jobs
and push out the people who already have
them or they won't be able to find jobs
okay do you think it's weird that you're
making this argument like earlier I was
looking through a channel and I
literally saw in like the last video you
did you had a commercial we were selling
a silver dollar and it's printed
embedded on that silver dollar is that
our unemployment rate is lower than it
has been in the past 50 years you're
making an argument right now that
unemployment is going to increase when
the net flow of immigrants into this
country has been decreasing anyway and
the educational attainment of these
immigrants has been going pop I mean I
am NOT arguing that we should not bring
in any immigrants at all my my core
argument is going to be that if you want
me to get down to the the basics of it I
just think we should be very careful
about who we do bring it in terms of who
is okay so the argument that I've read
about the net gain in terms of the the
immigrant situation like the low
especially like the low-skilled
immigrants is that they are actually a
net drain on the economy temporarily
like when they first come and then over
the course of like another generation so
once their kids become adults and you
know get into the economies oh god no
that's impossible
when they come so let me be very careful
how I say this when and when an
immigrant first gets here it's possible
that they are a net drain fiscally so
that means on the local budgets of
whatever system they live in - so
whatever city or state they move into
fiscally they might be a slight drain
however most economists agree that this
disappears or reverses depending on who
you ask after a single generation and
the economic benefits meaning the amount
of trade and services that go around
revolving around these people always
increases that that's just a that's just
a fundamental tenet of capitalism that
as you increase your supply of some
resource like labor and increase the
demand for products you are necessarily
going to increase your economy this is
like just there's like a fundamental
tenet of capitalism of the way that we
grow our economy III 100% agree with
that but what what happens when a lot of
these jobs disappear and
you don't you just don't have enough you
just don't have enough charge people
right now you're right right now we do
have room to bring people in I mean when
that happens and we as you know I mean
then we invest in education it's
something that America doesn't a very we
had invested in education the nonsense
that you're really just you know what do
we do okay well this is this is my
thinking what what will inevitably
happen will be homelessness right you're
going to increase homelessness like
crazy and homelessness is increasing
right now which is a huge which is a
huge problem
III honestly think that the homeless
problem which is so weird because we're
in such a good economy you know like
there's no reason for there to be so
many homeless people we need to take
care of that issue but I wonder if you
suspect that there's I mean I presume
Blee you don't think this but don't you
think that bringing in like the lowest
skilled people that don't speak English
it's gonna be harder for them to to
actually like incorporate into society
easily not generally it doesn't seem to
be I mean that's not where the data
points but I mean like I'm a hardcore
capitalist when I look at these types of
issues so if you're coming at this from
like a different like moral or culture
Laurel
okay well from the economics point of
view like it's it's pretty clear that
when Moore Emmitt this is why in the EU
this is why they import people to work
this is why we're when immigrants come
into the United States you see all of
these different types of industries grow
like III just don't know they're I can't
posit like an argument against this
economically we could talk about culture
or whatever if we want that's where
Lauren southern had the pivot to but I
mean like economically there's just like
like sister industries and other types
of employment opportunities open over
and over and over again we've been
saying for the past 100 years but since
before we started back in in in Europe
when textile mills open up people were
saying like oh no like now that one
person sewing at a machine can work you
know 50 times faster than a person with
needle and thread no one is gonna have
any job or oh no now that we have
computers and Microsoft Excel no
secretary is gonna have a job or oh no
now that we're automating you know
manufacturing no but it hasn't happened
you know because of the way our economy
works we always open new jobs we always
you know there are more services that we
provided it we didn't used to like it
hasn't seemed to happen yet now so maybe
we'll have a nunnery with you to some
extent that that that society will shift
to accommodate to some extent right I'm
not sure that that's going to be
sustainable forever
I maybe I agree that's but now this is a
fundamental critique of capitalism man
you would love man I wish I could woke
you up to some Marxist [ __ ] cuz you
would love it dude this is a fundamental
critique man this is a fundamental
critique of capitalism it's the idea
that capitalism and the way we have
interest rates everything set up relies
on a constantly growing economy that if
your economy stops growing you're dying
and this is something that people are
gonna stop growing I'm saying that it
won't always grow in every sector well
right but that's how capitalism already
works when a sector lives or dies if a
sector dies then other industries open
up to absorb you know whether that's
what I mean by shifting to accommodate
the population oh yeah well I mean
that's already been the problem the
problem lies in you know a growing
shifting economy that starts to abandon
the sort of like this is such a vote or
thing to say but they're like the low IQ
low skilled labor
sure yeah my my what I'm trying to say
is it's not that we don't bring people
in it's that we just be more specific
about who we allow it or come in right
mean like firstly I don't understand I
don't know if I agree with this idea
that all of the people coming into this
country are like low IQ and that they're
children and they're not that's why I'm
totally leaning out of sight because
it's a whole other can of worms to open
but secondly like when this starts to
become a problem then yeah we address it
and I don't see why you don't think like
things like investment into education
things that other countries do would be
like a good way to like deal with
problems like this well okay the
investment and education thing is a
difficult thing to talk about because
then we have to get into privatization
because that's my solution and I assume
that it's not your solution
well my solution would be I would look
at empirically what works around the
world and I've never seen privatization
of education ever be a successful way to
address educational problems I'm curious
what do you want to get into that sure
why would you think privatization of
education is the way to fix it okay well
right now you have I think two humongous
problems I mean you see Waiting for
Superman on No okay the movie okay so
there's two basic problems you have the
teachers unions which don't allow
schools to fire bad teachers
and you've got districting which
essentially means that you have to go to
the school in your district it doesn't
matter if it's a total craphole or of is
the best school in the world you have to
go there you know there's no choice you
had those are the chairs you have to go
to that school doesn't matter what the
teachers are like it doesn't matter what
the parents say it doesn't matter what
the kids say if the teachers got tenure
they're stuck in that school what
happens when you have the privatization
is you say okay
the money goes with the kit whatever
school you want to go to that's where we
send you okay and so then the good
schools grow and the crappy schools
shrink and and and then the schools have
the power to fire the teachers that are
bad because they need to have that power
and they have the power to pay teachers
who are awesome they have the power to
pay them well okay and though we have
that you know and you're say you're a
pure capitalist yeah you you've got to
understand that that's gonna work as
well so when I say I'm a pure capitalist
you have to understand that sometimes
the market does things well sometimes
the market does things not well
education is one of those things that
probably shouldn't be tied into your
economic attainment because we would
hope in our society that education is
the great equalizer that anybody should
be able to go to a school and and do
something right we could like to believe
that meritocracies exist in the real
world
yeah but school isn't magic well of
course I mean so let's talk about like
these two things that you brought up
okay one of these is like kind of bad
and another is horrendously bad so the
first thing you mentioned was if you
privatize it we don't have to deal with
teachers unions what do teachers have to
do privatized are you do you mean you're
gonna make unions illegal I don't think
I would make unions illegal but it would
reduce the power significantly wait how
would it reduce the power if there'd
still be a teachers union because there
is a difference between unions that
function in private industry and unions
that function within the government what
is there is thankfull difference hearing
profit weight profit where of who well
the government makes no profit they have
no incentive to fight the teachers
unions they just give in to the teachers
unions why don't teach us all make one
hundred fifty thousand dollars a year
well depending on where you go different
teachers unions are stronger or weaker
in California it's mental okay what they
did with the teachers unions in
California this is where you were
talking over teachers went on strike
because class sizes we're getting to 40
students per class this is where the
unions have too much power you're saying
so just to practice that go for it are
you in California yeah so you know about
this limit okay so then you know that
what they're doing is the instead of
giving teachers like huge salaries
they're giving them huge retirement like
whatever you call it I forget what they
call it but hey thank you pensions so
you know about the pension problem
I mean it's bankrupting the freakin
state okay so the arc how do we deal
with okay so it sounds like then you do
have to deal with an issue of budgets
maybe we don't call it profit but you
know where teachers usually get paid out
of they get paid with tax money that
comes from raising property taxes and
California I'm pretty sure prop 13 puts
a whole [ __ ] up in that and in terms of
how those schools are even funded okay
so teachers unions in capitalist
industries or you know and things that
are for-profit might have to fight
against like capital owners that don't
want to pay them more but that same
fight exists publicly as well in fact it
might even be it might even be harder in
some cases because publicly you have to
fight against like city budgets and
whatnot your your time you're tying the
the pay to the teachers to a very
specific taxation which only pertains to
a small subset of the population so if
you go and you say we're gonna have a
vote on this and there's like you know
six percent of the population that's
gonna be affected
you know the ninety four percent of the
population that is voting that isn't
affected is going to vote to increase
taxes on this six percent of the people
right there the majority is going to
destroy that minority ways but that's
your firstly that's how it works at
least in California but secondly like
this business owners or not business
owners a property owner yeah but this is
how schools are funded so like this gets
into your second point which was really
bad you were saying that like the money
goes where the kids go or whatever in
private schools yes that's a huge
problem because that's how schools work
now that's why so many schools are so
[ __ ] rich kids go to rich schools and
poor kids go to poor school that's one
of the huge divides that we have an
education you know well when you break
down the the system of districting that
that that distribution
alleviates that problem how rich people
still live in rich areas poor people
still live in poor areas it would
exacerbate the problem
I'm so confused by why you think this
okay so uh right now well let's look at
it so right now here is a big problem
that we have in the United States ok I
know because my home city of Omaha
fought over this issue a [ __ ] ton we
have really rich people I know that's
cuz I moved my kids to the richest
district because I wanted to go to the
best public school ok the best public
school in Omaha gets funded by property
taxes property taxes and this is pretty
common in United States property taxes
when your school's the more the more
house costs on a piece of land the
higher the property taxes so what does
that mean people that are in richer
parts of the city with bigger houses pay
more property taxes which fund bigger
schools right if I go to North Omaha
anybody here is from my city a value go
to North Omaha you go to Omaha north
these schools are [ __ ] [ __ ] these are
garbage half the time the [ __ ] gym is
[ __ ] flooded and some of these
horrible [ __ ] schools where my kid
goes to school I got a picture every
[ __ ] day from whatever he was working
on on his iPad in kindergarten they get
iPads in kindergarten because that
school district is so wealthy right this
is a big problem because poor people are
getting their life [ __ ] before they
even get out the door right just because
of the oh you don't understand that the
privatization fixes all of these
problems because if you privatize it
it's just going to cause these same
problems to grow even more because now
the only school the only funding for the
school is gonna come from the people
that can afford to go there it's not
like somebody that lives like 45 minutes
away it's gonna have the opportunity to
drive their child on over to a wealthy
school that's not how it's gonna work
plus how this is how it's gonna work
yeah you'll have kids who live close to
good schools mm-hmm can't go to this
currently because they're in the wrong
district and they're just gonna say okay
screw that school that school was crap
I'm gonna go to this one no it works if
you live in the district you gotta
understand you can live close to a
school and still not be in that district
this is the best thing this sounds like
a really rare like III that's never
extremely common extremely common okay
there's two things I need to say here
the first thing is that this is a very
common phenomenon in cities okay in like
rural areas it's not quite as common
obviously
but in cities you can live next to two
or three schools and and you can just
happen to be in the district of the
crappier one right this happens all the
time the second thing is that there's
something called entrepreneurship in
America I can I can build a school in a
crappy neighborhood that's way better
than the school they already have and I
can steal all those students and I can
get all that government money because
the money goes with the kid that will
government money is based on the
property taxes so there's not gonna be
that much money to earn firstly secondly
this districting problem is not real I
don't believe it I would I would have to
see something I can't I can't let that
slide like the way that's like I'm doing
that because that is insane for you to
think that the district probably is not
real I'm perfectly happy to win that are
like there might look like like well I
know my city like like I can I can
acknowledge that there might be like
weird cases where like oh like I'm kind
of weirdly [ __ ] by my district here
but this is gonna be far from the norm
these are gonna be like rare exceptions
where like people getting it was the
entire problem districting and the power
of the teachers unions are the are the
basic problems of why schools suck in
America well but the districting problem
is not them is not bad because kids are
next all these great schools but they
have to go to the shitty one the
districting problem is bad because poor
kids go to poorer schools look at
somewhere with Chicago Chicago is a
perfect example you've got tons of
crappy neighborhoods next to tons of
awesome neighborhoods right you've
essentially got segregation right yes
the districting like plays into because
of how the funding works well yeah I
mean so if you make it something funny
about that that the school district
being sometimes I I think now that you
mention it sometimes ends up pushing
people into certain neighborhoods you
know and that Eva enforces the problem
yeah but like how did this not do the
same let's see you've got a bunch of
rich people in a school district or I'm
sorry in a city and then a bunch of poor
people aren't the poor people only gonna
be able to afford the shitty school and
the rich people are gonna be able to
afford the welcome okay let's just say
in your scenario what you're saying is
that we retain this system in which we
tax people on their properties and then
that is the money that goes to the
school that is in their district
something well you know you would make
it money come from somewhere else
I am well I mean if you want to like
make a new form of tax revenue off of
something else that's fine historically
oh you'd like to raise taxes but you
just you just you could just shift the
stuff around so that it's not tied to
the property well where are you cutting
funding from you're not cutting funding
from anywhere you're just saying okay
instead of the property tax going to the
schools property tax goes somewhere else
and you bring in something else from
some other tax that goes into the
schools I mean if you if you think it's
oh wait wait so do you think maybe like
we make like a single school district
instead of sending all the money to the
individual school districts because
people know why that but wealthy people
fight against it because they don't want
their expensive property tax money going
to the shitty kids schools they wanted
to stay okay right I'm sitting here
trying to create equality amongst
everybody and you're fighting fighting
like hell to maintain the status quo no
no I don't wait I because privatizing it
just means that wealthy people will get
more access to education which we would
hopefully use for people to like
equalize themselves like if you're
really smart you're really talented you
should be able to go to any school and
come out like on top you should have
like the same opportunities available to
you hopefully you think that is
realistic in a system in which teachers
can't get higher you like can't get
fired or paid better for their for their
merit I mean I think that that's
something you have to address but I
don't think that's the main problem with
our system as the teachers unions which
by the way would still exist in a
private system unless you banned them
unless you banned unions but yeah I
would absolutely say that like mixing up
school districts and not having all the
rich money go to the rich schools all
the poor money go to the poor schools
would probably be a really big step in
the right direction
oh wait Absa it would fix everything
because because schools would not
discriminate so much you know oh thank
you really couldn't discriminate based
on region well they would be based on
price which would end up discriminating
based on status which we don't
discriminate anybody some probably where
you live on the city we'd be in the same
spot we are now let me give you a great
example this is a very personal example
for me I might I might should have here
oh my gosh I'll be up great okay so my
my brother was dyslexic growing up right
like hardcore dyslexic like he couldn't
read and nobody at the schools at the
public schools
teach him how to read because they
really weren't prepared to deal with
dyslexic students even though there were
tons of them and my mom was constantly
going to like the school board and to
the teachers and saying look you got to
teach my son to read like they're like
we don't know how to teach a dyslexic
kid so my mom quit her job right and she
drove my brother up to Portland every
single day for like several years which
is an hour drive away and then she had
to hang out there until he was done with
school and then drive him back every day
she just sacrificed years of her life to
take my brother to this special school
so we could learn to read because the
public schools couldn't do it that is
ridiculous and we had to pay a ton of
money right now how many how many
parents have the money have the time
have the will to do that for their kid
and I could tell you my brother was not
the only dyslexic kid in the Salem
Keizer School District okay if you had a
system where everything was privatized
and entrepreneurs were were incentivized
to build new schools you could build
specific schools for specific people all
over the country and you would have you
know all the dyslexic kids could go to
the dyslexic School in Salem Oregon
learn to flip and read write and you
could benefit everybody with like a
learning disability or a particular
particular you know they're particularly
athletic or artistic you could what
would you do by the market conditions
made it such that providing specialized
special education services didn't yield
a good economic benefit why would it not
because you have to spend a lot of extra
money to help with special needs kids
you need teachers that have special
certifications of qualification sport
you need to design a special curriculum
for it oftentimes you need to bring an
external types of equipment to deal with
these kids oftentimes need to bring and
I know that's because my child is in
special needs in school because he has
extreme ADHD so I'm very aware of all of
the extra and he goes to a public school
by the way and they accommodate him just
fine perfectly fine but there is a lot
of extra I'm just I'm saying there's a
kind of outside stuff that you have to
bring in in order to make this work so
what would you do if in your capitalist
school system you had a school set up
and they were like hey you know [ __ ]
we're not gonna take special-needs kids
it doesn't economically make sense which
is what I'm guessing it would be okay so
you're saying that if you were to treat
a bunch of kids for a specific
disability at scale it's actually going
to be more expensive than doing it
specially for a limited number of kids
in a public school no I'm saying it
might not
Naama CLE work out at all it's just an
it's just a net loss to deal with
special-needs kids okay sure if you're
if you're saying that okay it will
inevitably be cheaper and better to pool
those kids together and help them in in
in an entire group than to treat these
special-needs kids at this school these
special-needs kids at this school these
special needs this school but we will
and we can't pull them together in a
special group that's not realistic
geographically they're not all gonna
live in the same neighborhood in a city
that's not how special-needs kids are
distributed you know that's the beauty
about the capitalist market system right
it kind of solves these problems on its
own so if there are situation how well
because if there are situations in which
it's not profitable like you said right
that you know before a specific school
to prop up like that it may just end up
happening that schools accommodate
students that way you know independently
as they are doing now but I don't I
don't think that it would be not
profitable I think that it would be
profitable but you know we you would
have to see you had introduced between
running a school were you accepted one
thousand kids and you could accommodate
50 special needs kids or just take 50
more normal kids I would almost bit
stake my life on the line right now that
you would always be better off just
accommodating 50 non special needs
children you know it's actually great
about a system like you know privatized
system is that you can actually modify
the system in certain ways so you can
actually say public system too but go
ahead yeah if you could say it's a
special-needs kid and you know those
kids get like more money that goes with
them right so if you say like you know
every kid gets you know whatever it is
wait so they would have to pay more to
send their special-needs kid to school
well the government would a lot more
money for them for wherever they're
going to school you could potentially
make a modification that way
okay so it would be privately funded by
people choosing which is cool but if you
have a special needs kid they would get
like a like a school voucher or
something like handouts from the
government
it's a voucher that's the beauty of the
privatized system right is that the
government does give you money to go to
school okay with these vouchers be worth
the same amount between all children or
would some people get more like
wealthier vouchers than the others
no no everybody gets the same and and we
if everybody has the same it's really
student like you said I hadn't really
thought about that before but especially
a student who does need you know more
accommodation maybe they do get more
maybe you would you know make some kind
of every single person is getting a
voucher that's the exact same then
what's the difference between doing that
and just equalizing the money that we
spend in schools right now of your
property taxes if everybody gets to
vouchers and everybody's getting
massages because it has been shown in in
study after study that just throwing
money at education in America does not
improve test scores does not improve the
quality of education sure because well
because some people would argue that the
amount of money being thrown around is
inconsequential
other people argue that other issues
stem deeper from like just throwing a
little bit of money at the school but
like under percent agree with it I mean
they are deeper but also more
importantly more importantly voucher
systems have been tried in other parts
of the world for instance Sweden had a
big experiment with a voucher system and
they failed miserably
I don't think voucher systems have ever
been shown to like increase educational
attainment or educational outcomes at
any part where they've been experimented
with oh they absolutely have and I got a
question for you if if you can okay if
you can send your kid to whatever school
you want what you can fire the bad
teachers
you can incentivize the good teachers by
you know or incentivize all the teachers
by paying the best teachers more money
right um the even why what why would
that not be beneficial how could that
possibly not firstly like improving I
don't even know if the incentives work
that way what you've just said
incentivize teachers to make more money
like that might not even necessarily be
the way that teachers make the decisions
on where they want to teach like a
teacher might want to teach at a
different school even though they make
less money doing it for instance there
are teachers that work at private
schools the teachers at work at private
schools tend to make less money than the
teachers that work at public schools but
they choose to work at private schools
for a number of reasons - because they
like that environment etc etc so like I
don't know this idea that like making
the
like making teaching like some
hyper-competitive platform would even be
like an effective way to increase like
the educational outcomes in the US I
don't remember these offhand we could go
digging through them I guess we well but
like I'm pretty sure I've read like a
lot of conflicting studies on whether or
not giving teachers more money like
makes them better teachers I don't
necessarily know if that's how that
system works yeah I don't know how I
would I haven't looked into that either
but I I imagine that giving a bad
teacher more money would not make them
better and what giving a good teacher
more money would do at this point would
just retain them I don't necessarily
disagree that although again we would
have to talk about increasing property
taxes or fun right it's like a rational
consequence of paying teachers more
under the current system right but but
the thing is like if you have a system
in which teachers know they're gonna get
paid more if the parents think that
they're good and their kids are getting
better test scores and they're getting
good reviews every year why would they
not go on YouTube and look at new
teaching methods right um you can learn
everything on YouTube right now right or
whatever your teacher is not learning
how to teach on YouTube right like
usually I don't I mean I would rather
have stuff that's been like tested and
like vetted and like pick a class they
could you know there's a there's a
variety of different things that they
could do you know you could investigate
different ways to improve your service
right to improve yourself so that you're
gonna be better with the students you're
going to be you're going to put more
effort into making the students like you
making the students learn you're gonna
develop new teaching techniques as you
go it's not like you graduate from
school you get the job you get the
tenure and then you're like screw the
students I'm good you know and I mean I
know that doesn't always happen but it
happens often enough where I think it's
tragic yeah I I don't know I I don't
even know if we necessarily disagree
with anything here like like re
revamping the education system the
United States is probably very important
it seems like other countries are
experimenting with this and the United
States has been reluctant to for a
variety of reasons but like circling
banging what but he wrote brainstorming
not debating which is actually what I
prefer I prefer like you know to be
open-minded and to talk to an
open-minded person and to be
brainstorming well yeah I understand it
just it's frustrating I guess like when
you look at like like if we go to like
countries around the world and see how
they do education or how they do health
care for
and then like we stubbornly refused to
take notes from any other country that's
been more successful than us doing it or
like well no let's just make it private
or whatever even though we have like no
I do think that we take notes from these
other countries but the problem is with
other countries they have homogeneous
cultures right they have homogeneous
culture they have small populations so
what works for a lot of these countries
that are highly successful with
education it will not work with us what
is not a way mate what do you mean by
that well if you have if you have
certain homogenous cultures you have
it's much much easier to to teach all
the students within the group you know
because they're all relatively at the
same level you know they're all gonna we
have such a diverse you know range of
people in America what works for one
school may not work particularly well
for another school and it completely
like there are groups of people in the
u.s. that can't learn like math or
chemistry or how to type on a keyboard
or learn how to read or what do you mean
we're difficult for some people in some
places and like okay let's say we
because you got a lot of people this is
perfect segue back into immigration
right you have people that just don't
speak English particularly well you know
if you have a school that's particularly
good at teaching some students English
you know that it's gonna be better for
those students sure so like the English
classes are probably pretty important in
American schools I don't necessarily
disagree with that ESL is a very real
thing in the United States plenty of
people in a market economy in a market
system any market system is gonna be
able to better shift to to service the
people that they that they need to serve
then then like a dictatorial system
that's nice true though that's
absolutely fundamentally not true there
are market failures all the time that
make it impossible for certain markets
to respond to different needs like we
know this is not true we can look at
their ISPs in the United States
healthcare in the United States
pollution in the United States I mean
these are all systems where market
failures are abundantly evident and easy
to look even at a 101 level that needs
to be addressed with some sort of
government regulation whether it's
because there's an externality it's not
felt by the market so for instance
pollution isn't felt whether or not
there are middlemen that are scraping
too much money off of you you don't
think that that parents and you know the
students that the that a better
education or a worse education is going
to be felt or observed
we of course I do yeah what do you mean
okay so it's I mean it's not really the
examples of giving aren't relevant if
you can't see well no I was just
responding to your general claim that
markets are also better at determining
how resources are allocated rather than
okay I'll give you that that I don't
know if I agree with this idea like
these European countries have lots of
people right Germany is over 80 million
people France is almost 70 million the
UK had almost 70 million people the idea
that like we're like so much larger than
these countries isn't really true but
all of these countries seem to have a
much better time like funding their
education than we do why why do we try
to make it private why not take notes
from these countries that are doing it
better than us and just copy them yeah
no I do think that we do that I think
I've seen but we don't you're talking
about privatizing it right now right
right no III think that that is the best
solution for the United States I don't
think that there is a logical argument
against it what must a fundamentally
different from all these other countries
like because we have a hugely diverse
population what what what do you mean by
diverse population I makes it impossible
for us to make schools work like we have
a diverse population now that makes
impossible for schools to work it just
makes it that a uniform implication a
uniform implementation of a particular
type of school may not work everywhere
all the time
and all that like every single school in
Germany is the same like the people from
like little [ __ ] towns like Krefeld
are gonna be the same as people from
like berlin i don't understand we like
all of these places they'll probably
grow up speaking german first of all I
don't even necessarily know if that's
true not anymore
secondly I'm pretty sure most people in
the United States can speak English is
that your big problem and you don't
think we could we you don't you don't
think that we could have a better
education system the United States
because not out of people speak English
listen I'm not convinced that just
because Switzerland or somewhere
somewhere has a great education system
that their education system would not be
improved by privatizing the system you
you seem to think that their their their
education system is better than ours and
therefore we should adopt their system
and that means that that the
privatization idea wouldn't wouldn't
wouldn't be better but you don't
actually sell
do you ever work out yeah it sounds like
a guy who's like sitting at home who
goes to the gym like once a month like
trying to theorycraft like the perfect
workout but he never even goes to the
gym and then you've got other people
that go three times a week and oh sure
but then you've got other people that
are doing things that are much more
successful than that other guy but maybe
it's not like optimal maybe I don't even
know if we can begin to guess so much
okay like you hat you have somebody
that's like you're pretending the theory
crap like the perfect education system
well our current education system is
already [ __ ] leagues behind what
exists in other countries here but like
26th in the world or something maybe
even less in terms of educational
attainment and and we're pretending like
okay well maybe their system is good but
I bet it could be even better that we'll
do ours is so much worse than that why
are we thinking about like the next next
next stop well we're not even caught up
to them that doesn't make any sense to
me okay so I like your workout analogy I
think it's beautiful and I think that
you would agree that not every diet
regiment and workout regiment works for
every body type right that's pretty well
understood by no not necessarily I would
disagree pretty much most diet and
workout stuff is pretty general from
person to person like 95% of the time
save for like special like medical
diseases or something or medical disease
like medical conditions or something I
like medical diseases I think we should
coin that know I look some people have a
you know need to focus more on cardio
some people need to focus more on weight
lifting some people need to you know
some people for whatever reason like you
know low sugar diet works for them other
people like low calorie diet other
people cut the fats and somehow they
lose more weight right there's different
theories I've seen them all work right
for different kinds of people different
kinds of body types do you see the
problem with the one guy that doesn't go
to the gym at all save one time a month
sitting there critiquing like everybody
else's plan saying he's gonna find the
perfect way to do it when he's behind
every other person that goes to the gym
and does anything at all yeah but you're
I think that you're conflating but
that's what America is right now our
education you're saying that you're
saying that because America is a poor
system that my theorizing about you know
privatization or anybody else who likes
this idea is you know the couch potato
right well you know you don't actually
know that I mean I
you know no but what I do know is these
every other country seems to have
similar ideas about education most of
them outperform the United States and in
some places where voucher sisters have
been tried like in Sweden they failed
miserably so why would I try to jump to
that system when we could just copy what
the other countries do and I haven't
looked at this that this particular
situation talked about like after this
we can look at like Sweden vouchers as
of discussions on it well maybe there
was a baby there was a fatal flaw with
the way they implemented it I don't know
but it doesn't make sense it doesn't
make any sense that if you put a bunch
of you know a bunch of teachers you know
you say ok you get paid by merit right
and and any any student can come to your
school or they can go to a different
school that that kind of competition
would actually stat stagnate the growth
of I mean we could sit here and we could
hypothesize a million ways of that could
stagnate growth ok give me give me one
sure let's say that we have a
distribution of good teachers all over
the city ok and that it's all public
funding they're all doing their thing an
educational attainment around the entire
city is pretty good you understand that
there's like a there's like a marginal
gain for like moving to the next level
right like if I give you a million
dollars that's gonna feel way better
than if I give you like a million more
dollars or a million more dollars or a
million more dollars right they're going
from zero to 1 million is way better
than going from 99 million to 100
million do you hear that yeah yeah ok so
let's say I've got my teacher spread out
all over the city let's say that I moved
to some voucher system some hyper
privatized system and as a result of
that and everybody can freely move over
they want all the teachers that are
really good all move to the single best
school and you see that school do a
little bit better but it was already
doing well because the kids there were
wealthy and it had good teachers but now
all the other schools lost all of their
good teachers because they all fled and
they all went to the best one now you've
effectively lowered the entire
educational attainment of your city at
the benefit of one very small select
group of hyper elite people that can
afford the best of the best of the best
teachers like and that's like just one
we could go we could do 50 million more
if you want there are tons of ways that
this incentive structure could poison
your overall educational attainments in
the country well that doesn't seem to be
how really anything works right I mean
anything in the market system it's not
like there's one business that all the
best people work at and every other
business is crap in America what are you
talking about that happens all the time
I pay $3,000 a month for my shitty one
thing [ __ ] room in LA because that's
where everybody wants to move to be if
want to work in software engineering
everybody's going to San Francisco there
are cities that will literally [ __ ]
themselves in the ass but their taxes
I'm sorry I'm you don't Smurf here
something like this that will literally
like destroy their own budgets in an
attempt to beg and plead Amazon to come
and work at their company this
absolutely happens word certain pools
are certain things will draw in pools of
talent away from every other person like
yeah of course you're right that you're
right that there that people pool right
but they don't tend to pool in one place
exclusively right it may be like you
know several really really good places
that most people can't afford here look
at the elite colleges right now in the
United States where this happens if you
want to get like the best law degree
that you would want to go to the best
law school it's gonna cost you a lot of
money to do it right no no you're a
hundred percent right but but there is
there is a distribution right so you
have like the top pools and then you
have the secondary pools and the
tertiary pools right and you know and so
the people at the bottom or near the
bottom they either need to up their game
or they die right don't you think in the
front of a bad way to structure society
no because because in in in a in a
centralized government type scenario
like we have at the school system now
there is no incentive to improve well I
mean we don't have it centralized right
now we have elite colleges in the United
States right now that only like the most
wealthy are able to afford to go to or
the most highest achieving people are
able to afford to go to but we also have
a system now where like just about
anybody can go to college yeah at great
personal cost to themselves assuming
they can make it through a lot of it's
not if it's like a community college or
trade school okay yeah but nobody wants
to get a law degree from from
smith-johnson College down the story
have to get a law degree they can get
another kind of degree well but what if
you but this is the problem right okay
maybe we're coming from totally
different places so ima I'm hyper
capitalist I very much believe in free
markets I very much believe in
competition and I very much believe in
liberalism a very big liberal I think
that people should be empowered to make
the best choices possible in society
because I think those lead to the best
economic outcomes in society and I go to
what I said like like choosing the
school they go to know like having it
doesn't matter if you choose a school to
go to what matters is having the
opportunities available to you at the
school that you're active I've got some
kid that's amazingly [ __ ] at
telogen super sharp super super bright
but for all of these problems in his
life he's [ __ ] and he's not able to
pay you know the hundred thousand
dollars a year to go to the best law
school and he's got to go to a shitty
law school as a result of that
well now I'm economically I'm losing out
on that lawyer because he doesn't have
the money to go to the most elite
institution we don't want a system like
that it doesn't serve our interest it
doesn't benefit us right boom okay
it really did you know okay so if you
have a lot of people and some people
have access to some stuff and other
people have access to other stuff you
know it's not like perfectly equal we
would prefer to make it more equal right
for certain things not necessarily right
everything like I don't know if like
every single person for instance should
be able to have like the latest iPhone
but when it comes to things like
education these are huge things that
should be no no I I elicit listen to me
i but trying to agree with you I I do
think that for the most part we should
make opportunities more equal for as
many people as possible sure once you
get to like the college level or going
to you know getting a job at a great
industry or some like that looks listen
if you have rich parents your life is
going to be better a period right and
like I don't really care about that I'm
fine with that system it's not ideal but
that's it's way better than having a
system in which it doesn't matter if
your parents are rich only these certain
people can have you know you know
because the government says so and so if
you grow up in a crappy neighborhood and
you have to go to a crappy school
because that's the district Rhian and
your parents can't afford to move you
out of that district to another district
what what opportunity do you have you
are stuck because the government the law
is you're just done your your stuff like
but you just set it right there why
can't the parents just move because they
can't afford it it is about rich people
their poor people in this example when
it comes to education in the United
States but what if there was no
districting what if they what if anybody
could just build a school and they get
the government money cuz they attract
the students and then the students could
actually just like not go to the school
in their district and go to another
school and it's paid for by the
government even though it's a private
school or even though it's the school in
the next district over you know it's
it's a and I guess you could do that but
at that point I don't see what the
difference is between that and like
publicly funding education you're
talking about everybody getting a
voucher they're not allowed to spend any
more money and then everybody takes that
voucher and goes to a school then it's
just the same thing you had before it's
just you're distributing all of your
taxes more evenly which I'm in favor of
I would call it like one school
instead of having multiple districts but
instead of it's the removal of districts
sure I'm all in favor of removing
districts although right now wealthy
people fight against that because they
don't want their tax money going to poor
school so it's generally why people
fight against it right now but yeah
getting rid of districting is a great
idea I think yeah
well that's that's a very conservative
Republican idea and if you look it's
getting rid of districting and giving
schools the money of you know whatever
because you can't get rid of districting
and have schools funded in the way that
they're funded currently now you have to
have the money go with the student
because right now it's population based
right so the school gives a certain
amount of money based on the population
and I suppose based on the amount of
money that they raise within the
district well they get money based on
the money does go with the student right
now no he goes with this it goes with
the district like what because it's what
your district that you live in you pay
property taxes in and and that student
goes to the school in that district that
you're paying property taxes to yeah
yeah and so okay so so what incentive
does any teacher have to improve
themselves under a system in which the
teacher can't be fired once they get
tenure there's a move on okay I could be
totally wrong but I don't think you get
tenure teaching like grade school do you
am i just wrong on that I don't know
about grade school but I think high
school yeah do you think tenure do you
get tenured as a height I always under
the impression that tenure is something
given a professor so that they can
continue research without threat of
being fired but why it's so outrageous
and horrible okay they have things in
New York I forgot they call them but
because they can't fire teachers or this
was true if you a while back I don't
know if this is true now but they would
actually if a teacher was caught doing
something absolutely terrible like
abusing a student like sexually abusing
a student or something like that but
they couldn't fire them they would just
put them in these they would just keep
them working but they would have to they
would just have to go to this empty room
and sit all day sure if anyone in my
chat real quick
I'm just curious so make it I'm really
curious with the percentages of tenured
high school teachers are if anybody has
that I'm super curious on that but the
so the question before is like what what
can you do well I mean you hold them
accountable publicly right you've got a
school board that you vote on you've got
school you've got like curriculums that
you can pass you
got federal guidelines you can follow it
like things like common core I mean
there are other ways that we would hope
to hold these people accountable based
on whether or not they can meet like our
federal guidelines for educating
students right right uh you know I that
that all I suppose could work you know
theoretically but it doesn't seem to we
still have a crappy system because of
districting right like I do think
districting is a huge problem but I
don't just think it's districting
because let's say we got rid of
districting and the students could go
wherever they want and you did you did
have the money go with the student they
would have an incentive to you know
trying to make the school as good as it
can be and it would improve the school
to some degree but if you can't get rid
of these ridiculous restrictions on
hiring and firing teachers and paying
based on merit you do not end up getting
you you you really restrict the school's
ability to improve itself because really
schools schools and their ability to
teach students is all about how
effective the teachers are I know but I
mean like even if I grew even if I were
to grant this which I don't think I'm
willing to but even if I were to grant
this the idea that you could just go to
another school that isn't always true
either right a lot of people don't have
the ability to just drive their kid 45
minutes or 30 minutes across town to go
to a different school what am I still
gonna be okay do you not agree that it's
possible that well not possible but
probable that a lot of entrepreneurs
given this system would actually build
new schools throughout the country small
schools I don't know if it I don't know
if they could be profitable at that
scale I mean if they wanted to they
could do this now right they could
already build these there are they do
they do these like Montessori schools
there's all these kind of like strip
mall schools which you know they do this
home school program stuff that that is
relatively relatively profitable but but
the government isn't supplementing it at
this point right so if the government
supplemented it every every parent in
the country could send their kid to a
private school or to whatever school
they wanted right and then that would
actually really you know incentivize his
business
you know entrepreneurs to build new
schools because right now you are really
only catering to a very small market
well not I mean it's not that small but
a smallish market because it's just the
people that can afford to send their
kids to
you private school despite the fact
they're already paying taxes for the
public school right if you give every
parent money you know essentially I mean
you're not actually giving them money
you know a voucher then they really are
just freed up to send their kids
wherever they want I mean like well I
guess for a grant where the difference
is we're agreeing disagreeing here on
like orders of magnitude like I can
understand that tenure might be like a
problem with teachers I've just I've
never before heard this cited as the
reason why our education system sucks
like I'm really wrong well not from
anybody that's seriously discusses
education like are you telling me that
tenure doesn't exist like in European
universities like they don't have tenure
anywhere they're high schools I like in
in Europe I'm pretty sure that they have
their probably tenure exists over there
and I was a little bit bad about this
particular topic because I just feel
like you don't know the situation well
you're just bringing up points that I've
liked I guess I've like never heard
before right right which is I mean it's
tough to have an intelligent
conversation about something that
somebody hasn't like read up on or
looked into these these issues and you
know maybe it's good that I'm that we're
talking about it because now you can
look into it and then you'll be better
prepared next time but yeah teachers
definitely get tenure teachers are
definitely like overpaid that are crappy
teachers you know teachers can't get
fired they can't give merit pay to the
best teachers I mean the whole thing is
just a effed situation I mean do you do
you really think that the best teacher
shouldn't get paid more and that the
worst teacher shouldn't get fired this
is I mean I already hypothesized an
earlier scenario where that could lead
to an overall destruction of the quality
of education and a stay right if all the
teachers go to use go to one school but
I'm not I just look i okay I'm sorry I
like again like I had situation but it's
like a that goes because I like I've
heard a lot of bizarre arguments for but
I've never heard this one so like here
is the average number of public school
teachers the average number of public
school teachers who were dismissed of
the previous year did not have contracts
renewed based on poor performance by
tenure status of teachers and selected
public school district characteristics
this isn't these numbers for 2002 2008
in every single column here it seems
like teachers with tenure were more
likely to get fire than teachers without
tenure so I mean like just looking at
this and I mean I could probably dig
through this more how would I fire a
teacher with ten years and the whole
point of tenure they can't be fired no I
think the point is that you usually have
to go through a more official process
wait a second wait do you think that
getting tenure means you can't be fired
well means you're right it's much more
difficult to be fired you can't just
you have to actually go through this
process right I think they have to I
mean it's insane that did the difficulty
of firing a tenured teacher or professor
okay hold on holy [ __ ] I didn't even
consider this okay so do you think that
it is significantly difficult to fire
like it so like of a tenure so like of a
teacher for instance rakes a kid or
something like if they're a tenured you
think that they just like get away with
it or well so obviously I think I think
if you raped a child and were convicted
of that in court I'm not sure that they
would keep their job but but yeah but in
in circumstances of poor performance I
think that it would be difficult to get
rid of the teacher or you know that what
what is tenure then in Europe in your in
your imagination is tenure if an
American school teachers are typically
awarded tenure after a probationary
period of about three years once a
teacher's earned tenure also known as
due process he or she has a right to
know why a discharge is being sought by
the employer and a right to have the
issue decided by an impartial body and
the words of the University of
Pennsylvania's Richard Ingersoll
typically tenure guarantees a teachers
must be given recent documentation and a
hearing prior to being fired
look personally through a firing through
tenure but every everything I've ever
read on it you know tenure equals
difficult to fire the practice
recognizes that in a mass professionally
public school teaching there will be
some poor performers among the ranks of
tenured teachers teacher or tenure does
not prevent their termination but it
does require that employer show just
cause a reasonable ground for action for
termination unions come in and then they
they bring their lawyers in and they
make it impossible to fire the teacher
then why is it the teachers with tenure
are more likely to be fire than teachers
without like based on this chart that
was right I mean I have to see that
statistic that's a bizarre phenomenon I
can't actually imagine that that's
accurate the government is like
collecting incorrect data or maybe I'm
misrepresenting it I mean you think that
the so you think that well this data
it's not that you think it's you're
reading this data that says that if you
are tenured you were more likely to be
fine well it's possible okay here's a
speculation I don't know it's possible
that there isn't a you know absurdly
higher number of teachers with tenure
than there is without it right so if you
have 1% I mean I don't think it's 1% but
let's say you have 1% of the population
without tenure even if they're hired
that fired a much higher rate you're
still gonna get more tenured you know
teachers fired and it may it may
actually differ from from region to
region in the country I mean you may
have regions where just being tenured
doesn't make it that difficult to get
hired it may be the teachers unions
don't fight for you and other regions of
the country it's a much much bigger
problem I mean we have certain regions
of the country where the education is
terrible in some where it's you know
fairly decent you know so things aren't
the same everywhere all over I don't
know why that statistic would be would
exist I the only thing I can think of is
that there's way more tenured teachers
okay I mean I guess it's possible but I
mean it kind of hurts to say that like
I'm totally unprepared for this
conversation because I haven't heard
that argument before it but you don't
even know what tenure is and you're
citing that is the primary reason why
education is failing in America I mean
it feels a little I guess I read you the
definition what do you mean look you're
right in saying that it doesn't
literally mean that you can't be fired
but that's essentially what it means
often that that's how that's typically
how people talk about tenure right you
can't you can't fire it - okay I would
be very kind I guess I'll look into this
later I've just never heard this but I'd
be very curious if they're like all of
these horrible teachers that are being
protected by tenure that all of our
schools are just being destroyed and
that's the problem with education
records just tenure when you tell me
what you think the problem of education
in America is well I already said the
fact that poor kids go to poor schools
and rich kids go to rich schools is a
huge [ __ ] problem that's really easy
to understand I can demonstrate that
that's true like we can look at other
areas where that's probably even more
likely to be borne out so for instance
private schools tend to be wealthier
kids and those schools have very high
educational attainment probably because
the wealthier kids go there like I mean
okay so you and I agree that getting rid
of the districting would actually
alleviate the problem to some extent for
sure you cannot get behind this idea
that if you if you get rid of tenure and
you pay the good teachers well and you
fire the crappy teachers that that won't
improve the performance of the schools
and the teachers
I mean maybe but we can do this within
our current system this doesn't require
like wealthy schools and poor schools or
any kind of voucher system and other
countries do this without voucher
systems like III actually would agree
with that
I'm not sure that I think a lot of the
reason there's a couple of reasons why
privatization is better I mean I
laid out one of them which is that you
incentivize businesses to build new
schools which i think is great you don't
think that are profitable but i
obviously there are private schools now
there are private chains of schools so
you know obviously it is profitable and
you know secondly the what the what the
hell is my other point ed another point
it's gone
III guess like it's like I'm not gonna
sit here and tell you that your idea is
impossible but it just seems like so
easy when so many other countries do
education a certain way and do it better
than us why we wouldn't just copy that
system rather than trying to run a whole
new experiment on top of our already
failing school system especially one
that the further classifieds which you
you say is one of the biggest issues in
America I think you and I have a sort of
difference in perception as to what has
been tried in America I do think that
they do try to copy the European systems
in various districts in the country wait
oh our our College we isn't it like 1.7
trillion dollars of outstanding student
loan debt are like 1.4 trillion dollars
in outstanding student loan debt
university level I'm sure but even at
the grade school or high school level I
don't know if we necessarily copy like
the European sisters for this no well
okay once you get into university things
change a lot because the student the
government subsidizes universities so so
significantly in America that university
costs are ridiculously high that we may
subsidize them in Europe as well the
some students get paid to go to school
in places like Sweden or Norway well
right but but they they have a
restriction on how much the school can
charge the student whereas in the United
States they didn't do that so whatever
maybe we should set that restriction I
think you might be right but but I mean
you know it's it's a difficult situation
because I would actually prefer that
they just take out all the government
funding from schools right and so then
that the schools would have to bring
down their their rate to bring in the
students but yeah but again like why do
you want to run and do the one thing
that nobody else in the world is doing
rather than risk our whole education
system falling apart rather than just
copying all the already success that
just is so weird to me it's such a weird
mindset again you have a perception that
we have not tried you know to implement
some of the stuff that they're doing in
Europe I think that we have in in some
cases I don't have the data I mean I
don't have an article on honor me but
I've definitely read about oh you know
they went to you know whatever Sweden or
Germany or something and they saw the
system and it was working with
we try to implement as America or
something like that and I just haven't
seen like a huge increase in the quality
of public schools in America because
we've looked at your I mean Americans
won't even settle for like federal
guidelines on education we won't even
allow Italy which I'm pretty sure it's
probably common in most other countries
but we won't even allow something like
Common Core to exist for instance like
how can we possibly say that we're
trying anything European in regards to
our educational system I do think that
we need to have standards for the
students I think that we should have
standards for the teachers I think that
we should you know but I really think
that I don't I don't see how I'm sure
and I don't know if this is true about
European schools when I have to look but
I'm sure they can fire bad teachers in
Europe I'm sure that they can you know
pay teachers relatively you know better
if they're amazing teachers I don't know
I don't know I would have to look into
that but I don't see how that would not
benefit the school system you think that
all the teachers just gonna flood to one
school which I don't know that doesn't
really make sense if you could be the
best teacher at your school or like the
20th best teacher at this school ask
you're the best to the school you get
paid you know whatever it is 100
thousand dollars here you're the 20th
best teacher at this school you get paid
you know seventy thousand dollars a year
why wouldn't you want to be the best
teacher at this other school like why
would all the teachers pool into one
school because all the money er go to
that school if you could be the number
one programmer in the state of Alabama
or you could be the number 20 programmer
in San Francisco where would you rather
wait that's that's totally fair but you
but you I don't know if you would have
that kind of that's only true if every
this school makes a ton of money and all
the students are paying more if this
school makes like you know all the
students are essentially paying the same
amount of money you know because the the
money is you know tied to the students
and it's sort of government subsidized
then the school just gets a set amount
of money for each student now I suppose
there would be there's different
scenarios you know in terms of how much
more a school can charge for you know
students above what the what the
government is willing to pay per student
right so then that would actually you
know make certain situations or you get
these super elite school
you know sure I'm not sure how that
would that complicates things
significantly right but we would have to
like work together to figure out what
the best system is is there a cap on the
amount I just see there's just so many
problems with like schools like the
problem is that schools represent a form
of geographic monopoly and that always
makes me really hesitant as a capitalist
because any capital should be knowledge
market failures it can happen when I
believe they're great so the same way
that an ISPs have a problem because you
can't duplicate infrastructure at scale
right a 50 million people are gonna ley
lines all over your city that same type
of problem could potentially exist with
the school because schools represent a
form of Geographic monopolies as well
for instance if a school is near you
you're not gonna drive your kid 40
minutes away to go to a different school
than the one that's right next to you
unless somebody builds another school
but again like with a very basic
understanding of economics we understand
that things like a barrier to entry
exists right so let's say for instance
if there are 10 competing schools maybe
the tuition would be $2,000 per student
but if we take one school maybe the
others can't exist because the cost to
build a new school like that right
because of a barrier to entry my [ __ ]
that that school could gouge everybody
else in terms of tuition and maybe even
more than that maybe that school could
um maybe that school could make it so
that like let's say for instance it can
charge four thousand dollars per student
and have a hundred students attend or it
could charge like one thousand dollars
per student and have like like three
hundred students attend right well in
that case they're incentivized under a
capitalist structure to say [ __ ] it
we're just gonna deliver services to one
hundred students at four thousand a pop
and the two hundred other students just
don't go to school [ __ ] them because in
a for-profit system especially one that
might be guarded by Geographic
monopolies that market failure that
would allow that school to [ __ ] all of
the people that are kind of
geographically locked into that school
district that wouldn't necessarily
happen but I mean that's kind of what
happens with ISPs today so our
municipalities work that's why they
socialized right right why the cities
take care of them I mean I don't know
like private education it just hasn't
been tried anywhere else like we could
both sit here and brainstorm a million
ways why it could fail miserably other
countries seem to do it in a social
manner and they should be really
effective at doing it I just don't know
why we would try the private way of
doing it just seems like really spooky
to do and it seems like there's a lot of
reasons that would make something like
that fail all right I can end with that
we don't have a moderator so I don't
know but I like I mean I I think you're
thinking abstractly about it
I don't think you're right I mean I
don't think
this is how things will play out I think
that if you have a region where you know
there's a school you know it you know a
school that has a monopoly and they want
to screw all all the students you're
just gonna get somebody else building
another school I know you think there's
a barrier to entry but with the Internet
and you know it's it's I don't think
there's a huge barrier to entry for
education for creating a school yeah
because you could you could you just
need to rent a space you know and then
you could even have you could even have
you just need like one teacher or
something and you could have all the
students learning online I mean it's but
that's I mean like you need a lot of
kappa first okay so many problems what
was just said so firstly the types of
people that we would imagine would be
the most impacted by this are probably
the kids that are also the most likely
to have access to a school and to the
internet that's our first problem
secondly even if you're in America yes
sure do you think there's a lot of
people in America they don't have access
to the Internet yes but that they don't
have access to like a functioning
computer and an internet connection they
can be on 24/7
yeah Internet is like [ __ ] anywhere
from forty to eighty dollars a month
depending on where you live yeah of
course then these are probably gonna be
the people that are most likely not to
have in it not to mention with these
people need babysitters than at school
am I gonna trust my eight-year-old son
to really attend class for eight hours
on his computer while I go to work do I
even trust leaving him alone if he's
only six or seven do I trust leaving him
alone to go to work the job of the
teacher is a babysitter
yeah but you can't babysit somebody on
online right I don't know you would all
you would obviously have to have a real
you know you'd have to have adults there
but they don't necessarily have to be
the teachers I mean there are different
kinds of structured you know school
structures that could be more effective
than the traditional structure that we
have now you know you're just assuming
that like every school that pops up has
to be like you know a brick-and-mortar
you know school with seats and it
doesn't maybe necessarily have to but
like I'd be curious how you would deal
with problems like the fact that you
would have to leave kids at home with no
supervision you'd have no way to get
them like no you're not in this I don't
suspect that most schools would be
virtual schools of no supervision my
assumption is that you would hire people
to come in to take care of the kids
whilst they're learning right or or
there's a lot of money childcare is a
huge amount of
you're right you're right but but you
know these schools are getting paid
right they're getting paid because the
money goes with the kid so you think it
would be more more efficient to have an
online school where every single kid
that attends at school has a personal
babysitter that comes over to watch that
no baby no no they're not at home you
would have to rent a space but it
wouldn't have you can also like all the
kids would go to like an office where
there are computers and they would yeah
yeah or whatever or that you know any
kind of space it doesn't have to be like
a traditional school like that's like a
Montessori School they're oftentimes
like in strip malls and stuff like that
they're just like spaces that people
rent out with like they become
classrooms but they're not traditionally
schools okay I mean this sounds like the
most depressing horrible school in the
world but I guess it's possibly going to
school mama you go and sit in one class
for you talk about worst case in there
you're talking like we're talking about
the difference between like because a
lot of the schools right now are
terrible schools but we we are talking
about worst-case scenario the United
States has the best education of the
world the best healthcare in the world
and the best opportunities in the world
if you're rich we're not talking about
best-case scenarios we're talking about
worst-case scenarios because under the
worst case America can be a [ __ ] [ __ ]
place to live depending on where you are
you don't have much for you here's a
question for you
if you if you have a bunch of students
who have a beautiful playground and a
football field and all kinds of
beautiful amenities but the teachers are
terrible right or other option number
two they're in a strip mall in a crappy
little office but the teachers are
awesome and the education is awesome
which should we send the kids to
probably the one with the better
teachers I just don't see how the
private system will get all those
teachers there but I mean I think we
kind of talked around this topic to
death you know for sure yeah it's it's
it's yeah I don't I don't know if we're
gonna either gonna budge at all but hey
you know maybe a little bit of reading
and you know we can get back to it so
you want to cut it here or what else you
got no I don't really have I mean we
didn't talk really anything about the
cultural impact of immigration but I you
know at this point we we think we've
done enough I mean I'm curious give me
your elevator pitch on the cultural
impact of immigration
I'm just curious because I've heard
these arguments a lot sure well I you
know I do think that there is a
legitimate argument to make that you
know people who aren't not able to
integrate into you know American culture
will presumably either attempt or by
default shift the culture what kind of
like what do you mean when you say
integrate into American culture what are
the types of people that can't integrate
into our culture and what kind of
culture are you talking about
well people don't speak the language and
people who are so committed to their own
culture that they just want to exist
within that culture so it used to be
that you would bring in immigrants and
then they would just acclimate to
American culture and this tends to
happen a lot of times even - even today
with certain groups I mean Europeans I
don't know of any it's very rare that
you find like a group of European
immigrants that aren't like Russian okay
so like it's very rare that I see like a
little German area of Los Angeles or
something like that but you will find
like a Mexican area or in Michigan
obviously you have different cultures
that will create you know isolated
groups right there's a lot of speak the
language okay it seems like by like the
third generation so I'm just grabbing
public policies you're absolutely right
once once you get past the first or
second generation uh-huh it start that
that may be 90% of these people seem to
be able to spy I agree with that but
depending on how many immigrants you're
getting I mean if you have an insane
number of immigrants that may change
right and not only might that change but
do we really want to wait a generation
or two generations or three generations
and you're always gonna have these
ever-expanding groups of immigrants that
prefer to live within their isolated
group I don't think that's healthy for
our for our culture and wait okay hold
on there's like a lot of like weird
statements what do you mean like healthy
for our culture like if they come here
and they work here and they speak the
language what do you what do you mean by
like not okay well I'm at the okay this
is gonna be well it's if they don't
speak the language that's really sure
which we both agree is important you
should probably have to speak the
language I think for first-generation
people it's like only 70% do but I like
third-generation it's like 90% do I
think I think in my in my thinking I
think a lot of people just prefer
to to not have to shift their aesthetic
or their lifestyle toward another
culture that comes in and moves into
their town yeah but that's kind of like
that's just how the world works what do
you mean cultures are always changing
there's no possible way that you can
freeze a culture and like I'm like a
glass I actually agree with that but
it's you know it's it's like a rate of
change right and I think that there is
some resentment that people have over
the lack of respect that foreigners have
for the culture they're moving into like
well lack of respect for what culture
okay like if you went to Japan right and
you you refused to integrate in any way
for you to learn the language you
refused to engage in any kind of
Japanese cultural thing you only spoke
to other Americans and you went to
American shops and you you dress like an
American and you listen to American
music and you know plastic American
music from your car and you essentially
are rejecting the culture in which you
live but you live there because of
economic opportunity isn't like that to
me that would kind of be a little bit
disrespectful to the culture that you're
moving into you're kind of forcing them
to accommodate you as opposed to
accommodating them for moving into you
their region sure so I'm not gonna use
Japan as an example because Japan is
recited multiple times as being
literally one of the most racist
countries on the planet so I don't
really want to okay it's my the the the
the the feelings of the Japanese are
irrelevant here sure but like I don't
understand in the country assuming
somebody speaks the language that's a
big thing for me and I probably break
with most liberals on that or Democrats
oh no I think you should have to speak
the language to be here because [ __ ]
everything if you can't speak the
language holy [ __ ] but like assuming you
can speak the language like what other
important tenets are there of American
culture that you need to assimilate into
that like people can't do I mean that
doesn't seem to be like a difficult
thing it's not that they can't do it I
actually think that anybody from
anywhere in the world can do it the
question is are they willing to do it
not everybody it is well but I mean it
seems like they do generally immigrants
seems to integrate pretty well into
American society our third generation
starts to emigrate to me that's not
that's not a great argument because you
still have this huge gap of time in
which you have to deal with this other
culture that's sort of you know forcing
itself you know on you in you know we
already have like 50 million different
in America what's wrong with that and if
anything it seems like we appreciate
these other cultures anyway I don't know
where you live I live my life like
people go down to k-town to eat people
go down to Chinatown and in New York I
mean like there's tons of these
different like little enclaves of people
that people visit for food or
entertainment or whatnot and if
different you two have two different
groups in America you have the the
people who really love and appreciate a
variety of different cultures and I'm
actually one of those people too to be
perfectly honest I love the exotic I
love other cultures I love that kind of
time I love traveling but then you have
another group of people that they do not
want their culture infringed upon by all
these other cultures and I actually
respect that that idea that they you
know that they shouldn't have to change
because other people are moving in and
how are they making them change if you
want to celebrate your own whatever
culture you can still do that nobody's
like okay so so let's look at all the
different cultures in the world right
you everywhere you go
South America the Middle East Asia
Africa you will have a kind of like an
upper-class culture and like a
lower-class culture in many in many of
these places you have multiple different
cultures a different strata right and
you know most of the people who come in
they're coming in to make a better life
so they're not like that the upper crust
culture right they're usually like poor
people bringing you know their specific
culture in right and so sometimes a
lower-class culture whether it be white
black you know whatever
it's like uglier than the higher class
culture right it's a little bit gritty
ER and louder and more obnoxious right
and that's true of white culture as well
as every other culture so when like
Trump says you know we're not getting
their best that's I think that's kind of
what he means and people don't want to
just experience like you know this guy's
culture because he you know that this
guy came over to America and like
honestly I I like going to a new
restaurant with different food and you
know that kind of stuff but not
everybody likes that I've ever want to
see the the aesthetic of their town
change I don't have a problem with
somebody who prefers a particular
aesthetic or you know particular
lifestyle they've lived here for
generations you know that's what it's
like if I moved into their town I'm not
gonna force my aesthetic you know ideas
on them you know and this is not just a
culture change
people do tend to be a little bit
classist you know and maybe that's ugly
and maybe that's terrible
but you know that's the way a lot of
people are that's what the way they like
things in Oregon where I'm from we have
a lot of people from California come up
and they want to build these big
mansions and they have like specific
aesthetic and the people who are there
really hate it now
is this like the best argument against
allowing people to come in no but I
think that it is one of many many many
arguments that you could make that say
you know look are you actually just
infringing on the the happiness the
quality of life on this group by
bringing this other group in if you're
if the answer is yes that these people's
quality of life is worse you know maybe
you should think about whether or not
you're letting those people in okay so
firstly when Trump said we're not
getting our best the problem wasn't the
Trump said we're not getting their best
the problem is that he said that there
were rapists thieves and murderers and
some of them are good people okay that
was that specific questions brought up I
have to respond to them again you're
right that's the first problem the
problem wasn't that we're not getting
their best the problem was that a lot of
these people
Trump was making something for most of
these people came over literally
criminals so firstly it was stupid
because it made it sound like a lot of
the people who were immigrating we're
literally criminals the fact that these
people are more predisposed to crime
towards native populations has never
been borne out in any [ __ ] piece of
literature and I've seen studies III can
literally bring on like the Cato
Institute guy that like does all the
goods that's the guy that's the guy that
everybody cites
yeah sure yeah because because they're
libertarians they obsess over
immigration but they do like a [ __ ] ton
of Studies on it this has just not been
borne out firstly secondly the idea that
we're not getting their best that's
actually not even true we get the best
of a lot of countries in order to be
able to make these transatlantic or
trans-pacific flights to the United
States
you're already selecting for a very very
very very very high pop percentage of
the population already like people say
things like oh well why are Chinese
people in America so [ __ ] smart do you
think the average like Chinese like
subsistence farmer or factory worker is
this ingenious person of course not the
people that come here from other
countries are coming here because
they're incredibly [ __ ] wealthy
that's why so many Chinese people where
Asian people dominate our institutions
that's why when you see like a Nigerian
on the street there's like a 62% chance
or whatever this guy is like a PhD right
because these people that come from
these other countries are actually the
best of their countries and they
self-select coming to united states
because they have the economic me
to do so so that Simmons Blake offensive
on one end and just wrong on the other
end cursing okay to be offensive but
I'll to let me counter with this well I
can you all right wait no no wait hold
on it you can write these up but I got
because you may have be rolled over to
other big points that have to respond to
okay you understand that you can respond
to this one okay secondly the idea that
immigrants are always lower-class right
I've already said that's not true
firstly secondly we have lower-class
communities in the United States and it
seems like the lower-class communities
are the ones that fight against
immigration the hardest it's people are
not to be mean but people like rednecks
or white trash or whatever these are the
people that seem to fight the most that
have likely poorest cultures the highest
amount of addiction to opioids or favor
of the immigrants moving into they're
not moving into rich people's
neighborhoods I mean the rich ones are
but look rich people don't give a crap
they don't move into rural areas they
tend to move into urban areas and the
people that most heavily oppose
immigration spoiler alert
come from rural areas where they don't
even [ __ ] see immigrants okay so
firstly so the idea that there's some
culture that they're not meshing with
when the culture of herb of rural people
tends to be one of addicted to fentanyl
the white trash redneck stuff low income
high dependency on state funding because
guess what it's the rural communities
and all of the red states that take way
more federal funding than they give in
that's like an easily demonstrable fact
right the idea that these are the people
that are most against immigration for
the reasons that you cited is hilarious
because they exhibit all of the problems
that are trying to keep these other
people from coming that they claim those
people have so that's like and then the
third final thing is not every wants to
see their aesthetic change who cares the
idea that you can prevent your cultural
aesthetic from changing is hilarious it
is laughable it will never happen the
aesthetic that exists today only exists
because it was a rebellion to some
previous aesthetic that only exists
because it reserved rebellion to some
previous aesthetic excetera etc etc
people will sit here and harken back to
the days of all to the positive it's
like I remember back when journey and
the Eagles and all of these people this
was real American culture
those guys were losers to it too a lot
of the mainstream like you know heavy
business Americans back then these
people came out of hippie culture they
came out of like Woodstock they can't
like the idea that like you want to
freeze culture at some particular point
in time so it'll never change Mobile is
hilariously dumb culture hasn't ever and
will never work that way okay those are
the three main things I wanted to
respond to go for it oh man that's a lot
of stuff yeah no I I mean I agree with
you for the most part you were
you're right about everything you said I
don't think it's a great argument but I
do think that it is valid it's something
that we should concern ourselves with a
some that's something we should just
miss it's not something we should say
who cares right I don't want to go into
like a neighborhood in which everybody
listens to hip-hop and you know they
they have a very particular style and
say actually no you guys are gonna have
to listen to classical you know my loud
classical music doesn't happen no it
doesn't happen but nobody's voicing you
to listen to different types of me okay
absolutely okay you live in California
yeah I can let you know whatever music I
want to well maybe because you stay
inside a lot but if you go outside you
are bombarded by look you don't have to
live in the cities so you don't have to
necessarily you know live in a like a
super multicultural area but if you're
in a your acting like there's no rural
areas that get bombarded by immigrants
that's absolutely false that does happen
and it's a lot of the reason why a lot
of these people don't like you know the
mass immigration the wealthy people that
are coming in that doctors and the
lawyers and stuff like that right and
you're right there's a lot of the best
that we we do get we do get a lot of the
best right
those people live in relatively wealthy
neighborhoods those people are like very
clean people very responsible people
they're very charming people they would
speak English well they're the kind of
people that you want in America no one
is complaining about the you know
brilliant computer programmer or doctor
or lawyer that's immigrating to America
nobody's complaining about those people
we're literally just talking about they
really like low skilled laborers that
come in I mean this this the only people
and look I'm not saying that they have
no value of course they have value and
of course you want to help them but you
you have to be careful about where
you're bringing these people in from
because you want the best of that group
too right so like I would say I'll give
you I'll give you a set I guess my big
point that I want to make is that the
you if we could choose where the people
are coming from and we could choose
specifically what people are coming from
those areas instead of just like letting
people come in because there's
somebody's dad or brother then we'd be a
lot better off like so for instance my
girlfriend is Russian right and she came
here from Russia
and she immediately got ripped off
somebody stole her car she immediately
she got a job but it was for five
dollars an hour I kid you not it was for
five dollars nars sheer working for
they're immigrants and immigrants know
especially like Russians or you know
people like this they know that other
immigrants are not savvy enough to know
what the laws are and they're too scared
to go to the police so there is a huge
problem nobody ever really talks about
this there's a huge problem with like
crime and exploitation that happens in
these immigrant communities first of all
this is something that everybody talks
about and it's one of the huge critiques
of the Trump administration trying to
add a citizenship question on the you on
the Census Bureau right now this is
absolutely something that people know
we're talking about we tend to be
talking about the exploitation of like
human trafficking stuff like that we
don't tend to talk about it but the
reason why a lot of these people are
scared to go to the cops is because in
some places they try to turn these
immigrants over to to ice this is a got
illegal immigrants but I mean even
regular immigrants that aren't illegal
if you come over you don't speak English
particularly well and you come from a
country like Russia which is very
corrupt some people who are have been
here for like five or ten years who know
the system and know how naive some of
the people are that are coming over they
will they will exploit them and it's an
it's despicable and it's awful and so I
would say like look I I actually like
Russians I have you know great Russian
friends my girlfriend's Russian it's
great but it's a corrupt country if
you're bringing people from a corrupt
country they're used to living in a
society in which they have to act
corrupt they have to pay bribes they
have to do kind of nefarious sneaky
things and if you bring them into a
country that's not people aren't used to
dealing with that kind of stuff the
regular Americans are super vulnerable
to that because we're not used to people
coming over and acting you know acting a
bit nefarious like we you don't go to a
restaurant and you know get served by a
girl and think she's getting paid five
dollars an hour you think she's getting
paid minimum wage well get over a
minimum wage for servers to 13 an hour
but I know what you're saying I guess
like so the very first thing you said is
that we shouldn't dismiss bad arguments
I mean like I agree with you that you
have to like talk to people that have
these problems but I'm never ever ever
going to enact or push for policy that
takes these [ __ ] arguments into account
like okay you can just miss the argument
if you I'm just calling it a [ __ ] argue
it doesn't actually make it a [ __ ] or
you got to give me a reason why a [ __ ]
argument sure saying I don't want to go
outside and hear other music is a bad
argument because you
and I will say yes it's a new product
but it's something is definitely
something to consider because you know I
think it's a cruel thing to do to go
into a village in the rainforest and put
into McDonald's and just completely
change the culture of some indigenous
tribe but that's but I don't think
that's generally what happens like we
can look at maps of like where
immigrants go in the United States and
it's usually two large cities the idea
that like all of these immigrants are
going to these small rural towns I don't
think typically happens it doesn't okay
so I mean let's shoot you like there's
like a map where all the immigrants in
the US Co you can click on any big state
and you see all of the red counties are
gonna be like the super high population
counties are gonna be like where the big
cities are it's not like they're just
going to random spots and like you know
Utah or Wyoming or something right
no I do think that happens sometimes but
I also think like let's say it's a black
community in you know Detroit and then
you bring in a bunch of is you know
Islamic you know Arabs or you know
Syrians or you bring in people from from
Mexico and that changes their culture or
something like that you know these kinds
of things can be can cause culture
clashes you know multiculturalism
doesn't always work as well as people
want it to it you know it can maybe over
time you know it but certain cultures
it's it's difficult for them to interact
reasonably well together all the time
and I look I'm not saying it can't work
ever I'm saying sometimes it doesn't
work that well and you have to take
people you know people's lifestyles and
oak and their quality of life into
account okay forget Mexicans or Muslims
or whoever it is that people typically
talk about with these things let's just
talk about Martians right let's say we
bring in Martians and the Martians that
we're bringing in are particularly
undesirable in terms of you know we the
people who were there sending that them
to this particular place the people that
live there don't particularly want them
there why should we force these people
that the problem with rich people I
think that it's strongly argument in the
analogy that you just use I said earlier
that sometimes people use analogies that
kind of betray an underlying thought
process do you think it's where the
analogy that you use for an immigrant is
something that's not human or does that
just like random chance nothing I'm just
trying to find something that's not
racial right it's not racial it's just
like an outside group with like a
different culture look I don't
necessarily think that a I thought
somebody who finds an another person's
culture
peeling look at the end of the day this
is what we're talking about we're
talking about one culture not finding
another culture appealing but being
forced to tolerate that other culture
but that's like that's kind of America I
mean like that's what our country is
we've got a [ __ ] ton of different
cultures here I've got to deal with
other [ __ ] white cultures and other
white cultures have to deal with me and
Mexicans come here and Chinese people
yeah you're right I'm trying to mitigate
that problem as much as I can by by
saying our economy by making economic
sacrifices because we're too scared that
I'm not allowing that we don't
immigrants I'm saying that we're choosy
about where we bring in immigrants from
but that doesn't make any sense because
even the ways that people want to be
choosy aren't even the ways it would be
the most economically beneficial so for
instance every country every member
state of the EU knows this in the United
States knows this is bringing in
low-skilled labor is actually a really
important way to bolster your economy
because that's how you can't bring in
low-skilled labor I'm saying that you
bring in low-skilled labor from regions
of the world that are like low crime and
that have a similar culture to the
United States as close as you can right
you just have a priority level right you
have a priority level of these are the
countries that we are most likely to
bring people in from these the countries
that are released like like I would
agree with you if it seemed like that's
the way that people were making
decisions so for instance there are
certainly European countries like
Germany or Sweden where I would say I'd
be a little bit critical to bringing in
a lot of immigrants from certain states
and say North Africa where I would say
okay yeah this is definitely true but
when people are applying this like
broadly to Hispanics in the United
States when Hispanics aren't
over-represented for crime almost
anywhere where all of the tables based
on immigrants committing crimes and
whatnot show that they tend to commit
less crime than native populations like
I don't know that just seems like such a
weird argument to use for it for the
goal of like keeping so many immigrants
out of the United States that don't seem
to fit this profile of being like high
in crime well I don't necessarily just
think it's a crime situation although I
do think that it's a part of the problem
I do think it's a poverty problem I do
think like bringing in
low-skilled low income low you know low
IQ people is is not it's not gonna be
helpful to the the problems that we
already have here but it seems to be it
just seems to be that way economically
the growth economy grows the economy
yeah unless you want to make it only at
the expense of other poor people that
are already here not generally although
to very hyper specific groups of people
so people of a certain age like 18 to 24
that don't have a high school education
Oh
like a number of years their income can
be adversely affected like these very
very minor findings are usually what
people quibble over but the idea that
all these people become unemployed or
can't find work or losing like you know
a lot of money whatever it just doesn't
it's just not borne out anywhere in any
of the literature just doesn't happen
like we can look at polls from IGM from
from the economic forum you know we can
look at all the leading economists to go
back and forth on these debates
you know Boris isn't debating with
people you know it isn't debating you
know whether or not like millions of
people are losing jobs to immigrants
it's over whether or not like the the
wage impact to like unskilled laborers
is like 2 percent or 4 percent over like
a ten year period like these are where
the debates are it's not this idea that
low-skilled immigration is destroying
the workforce of America I don't think
that it is I don't think that there is a
net loss over time right over time you
you increase your workforce it's sort of
like it's like you said in the debate
that you had with with Lorne southern
right it is like a natural resource
bringing in human resources right but
the question is there are different
areas in which they're better there's no
reason to bring in a bunch of people who
some of whom are gonna be a net drain on
the economy and a few are gonna be a net
gain on the economy and and then say ok
well we have had a net gain right you
can have a net gain of $1 or you can
only bring in people that are valuable
and you could have a net gain of a
million dollars but that's just not how
that works it doesn't make any sense
like you can't just say like we're only
going to take people that are never
gonna commit crime or all like we can't
there's no way to know that we unless
you know like but I do think that we can
be better about it I think that there is
this fear of being called racist by not
by excluding certain groups or certain
certain people from different countries
because it always seems to come back to
racial motivations when we talk when
somebody tells me like well we need to
be careful about immigrants cuz they're
hurting the economy and they are
criminals and it's like ok well all of
the literature says they're a boon to
the economy and they're committing less
crime than natives it's like well wait
well what actually are your arguments I
you know there's conflicting studies
that I that I've seen and I know a lot
of it comes from this guy from Cato and
he's constantly pushing this idea that
that immigrants don't commit as much
crime but then you've got you do have
contradictory analyses of you know the
crime that is committed in America and
it's just totally dismissed by the left
it's dismissed by anybody who just wants
to dismiss it
right Otero no immigrants never commit
crime they're all perfect angels I mean
absolutely
immigrants never commit crime they're
perfect angels it's just generally
they're not coming over as rapists
thieves and murderers like Donald Trump
would have us believe I'm exaggerating
your perspective but you I think are
exaggerating Trump's perspective I don't
I just quoted Trump that's literally
what he said it's all or that when
Mexico sends its immigrants they're not
sending their best are sending rapists
thieves and murderers and some of them
are good people I assume when he was
saying that he literally pointed to
immigrants and he said we're not they're
not sending all people like you you know
he was specifically talking about a
particular group that were like these
guys are great these are the kinds of
people that we want right and then he
says but there are a lot of people that
are coming over I mean the securing the
border situation is a little bit
different than the immigrate immigration
issue anyway right they're securing the
border issue when we're specifically
talking about illegal immigrants it's a
very different conversation than all
immigrants yeah but even at that it
seems like Republicans don't want to
make much progress like if you really
wanted to deal with the illegal
immigrant problem
why wouldn't we give amnesty to the
people here right now so that we can get
them documented a track up that seems to
be something the Republicans fight
against constantly and all they're doing
is shooting themselves on the foot for
it and then when Republicans get up on
stage and say things like well we want
the good immigrants here why are they
attacking daca recipients why are they
attacking people that rationally
speaking there is an argument against
amnesty which is that there is there is
a concern that if you give amnesty the
people here other people will jump over
be illegal here for you know 10 or 20
years or however long if they need to be
here in order to get amnesty and they'll
get amnesty too right you sort of
incentivize people to cheat well there's
less which is less rational which is
it's just unjust and Americans really
hate things that are unjust okay so
firstly okay oh that's a big philosophy
one so firstly the argument more people
will come here okay well then why don't
we revamp our immigration policy in line
with giving amnesty to people that are
already here like and even if we were to
say that like well theoretically more
illegal people could come here in the
future they already do come here okay
they're not coming here because they
think in the future they'll get a green
card they're here because they think
there's better opportunities available
for them and their families and they're
on the places are coming from firstly
secondly the amount of people coming
here illegally has decreased anyway the
net
Mexicans has has gone negative in this
country over the past like six or seven
years I think I'm like 2013 onwards
there have been less Mexican people less
people from Mexico here than have even
entered because that's reversing because
Mexico is fixing its [ __ ] and it's doing
better as a country secondly thirdly
even if it meant in the future that more
people could come here who cares there
are 13 million illegal people here right
now
that we could bring in more coherently
at our attack space that we can monitor
with the Census Bureau so that we can
get these people like actually counted
for in cities and districts like it
would make so much more sense to bring
them in to just say [ __ ] it here's
amnesty
join the [ __ ] tax base in a more
official capacity so that we can monitor
and track everybody so one have to do
what all this [ __ ] and also see we
don't [ __ ] up the local economies of all
these areas they can be deploying these
immigrants from every single person
knows this even Republicans are given a
huge huge variety of arguments in favor
of amnesty and all of them are valid but
you you have not addressed the problem
of incentivization of new illegal
immigrants or they're already
incentivized they come here anyway
that's true but you would okay so you're
saying that there's no amount of
incentivization that would increase you
know people coming to the United so but
I think the I don't think incentive
ation is the incentivization is a legal
one I think it's an economic opportunity
one or one where you're fleeing like a
criminal area so for instance when
people come here to work they're not
coming here thing like oh well maybe I
can't get my green card as much oh I'll
probably won't get caught so lets you
and I right now okay let's solve this
problem right all of Congress can follow
our lead I will give am to see that
everybody if we do two things all right
we've got to enact the verify system
every single employer has to follow you
verify where they have to do they cannot
hire illegals ever right and secondly we
we absolutely secure the border so that
no illegals can get in and we we have to
kick out we literally have to kick out
all of the criminals all all illegal
criminals we just kick them out send
them back to whatever country they're
from and then let's talk about you know
like I'll give you a messy to whoever
right no more illegal immigrants ever
coming in all right and and you know
make sure we take out all the bad ones
as long as you're willing to throw in
open borders on top of that they sure
I think our immigration policy right now
is far too restrictive than what it
needs to be I think that people should
be immigrating for economic reasons as
long as our welfare state isn't too high
if more immigrants want to come up to
the United States and work then [ __ ] it
go for it our agricultural industry
greatly benefits from it even to
California where people think of us as a
tech state this is like like I'm [ __ ]
there's a huge percentage of our economy
I wish I remember there was like 30 or
40 percent or whatever it's a massive
percentage of the economy is done via
agriculture and a lot of this is like
powered by the labor of immigrants like
yeah if you want to like close the
borders up and make everybody here
illegal that's fine I don't know about
the e-verify stuff I don't know if that
would cost a lot for employers to do or
what all that entails if that just
sounds like it costly I'm generally not
in favor of like government bloat for
the sake of government bloat but I don't
know you know that would be a fictive
you know there's a far fewer people that
would come up to try to work if there
was a huge fines against companies who
did not employ you know you verify all
of their employees I mean it's already
elite it's already illegal to hire legal
immigrants right they're already like
what barely first what do you mean
there's no real good way of enforcing
that if you had an e-verify system it
would be much easier to to enforce that
right now it's just basically kind of
like everybody kind of just like turns a
blind eye but why wouldn't you just like
no well first of all no if you get
caught there are fines for this but like
why wouldn't what if somebody was gonna
hire an illegal why wouldn't they just
not II verify them say that again
like so for the record I'm not like I'm
not against this like on dog marks
something I'm just curious like let's
say somebody wants to like hire an
illegal immigrant you work at McDonald's
you just don't Iver off' i them like
who's gonna catch you for that well
right I think that that you know there
would be a I assume that you would have
to have people come around and check and
so like that I think it sounds like and
again I'm sorry like maybe this is our
difference because I'm a massive
capitalist this sounds like a hugely new
Institute of the government that you
would have to create so you're gonna
create a new branch of the cañada branch
of the Garver you're gonna create like a
new like Commission or federal body
that's gonna go to every place of
employment and like manually check to
see if all your employees see how it's a
lot of this is done with you know with
people who will what do you call it like
like rat out their employer or whatever
well yeah but we can already do that
without having like another like agency
of the government
yeah I don't know what the fines are
right now I don't know what you know
what happens to a company if it turns
out that they have you know there's
somebody's been working for them
illegally but obviously there's not a
huge it's not like a huge deal because
well I mean we can talk about the fine
so the fines are the first offenders can
be fined 250 to $2,000 per illegal
employee for a first offense second
offense is two thousand five hundred
thousand dollars per legal employee and
three or more offenses can cost you
three thousand to ten thousand dollars
per illegal employee a pattern they
knowingly employing illegal immigrants
can mean extra fines and up to six
months in jail for an employer do you
think that's enforced I mean I haven't
seen evidence to the contrary if they if
you get caught by the federal government
doing it then probably I don't think
that these are referred in all cases
like in sanctuary cities you probably
don't refer these to like the federal
government but okay so yeah why are
there illegal immigrants in America
currently if they can't find work if
they if they have no way of making any
money well wait I think most of the
illegals that come here come here to
work right so they are working somehow
yeah I would imagine so yeah yeah you
have an ineffective
we have ineffective governance in terms
of that particular law for sure I mean
but if you were to tell me like the
differences we could massively we could
create a massive agency of the federal
government to manually check places of
employment for illegals we're already
Isis I mean we have Isis well that's
nice right
I just think under under US under a
system in which I don't know we could or
effectively you know go after these
businesses why not just make it so that
instead of doing this like [ __ ] and
again like I'm a markets guy generally
why not just let at like labor solve
itself like let immigrants like allocate
themselves to the areas where they find
that they or have the most economic
opportunity and just do that say [ __ ] it
make it easier to immigrate to the
United States like if you want to come
here and you want to work yeah [ __ ] it
have a green card like get to work you
know in some ways I actually kind of
agree with that but I would say that
hold on I think my camera screwed up
okay I'm frozen but uh I think there's a
fundamental problem with bringing in a
bunch of immigrants and saying that we
don't need to you know illegal
immigrants and saying that we don't need
to regulate this in any way what
so ever because what you end up with is
like a you know really low wage
workforce right and so we have a minimum
wage in America you know some people say
people need to get paid a living wage
isn't like that to me it's like well
yeah that was them that's the minimum
wage right so which is not a living wage
at all but go ahead ok fine but the this
idea that we we think that the lowest
paid people should at least have some
decent quality of life in America is
completely contradicted by this idea of
what's being in tons of immigrants with
like you know who get paid like whatever
crap from employers well it might be
that the lowest quality of life
available in America is still gonna be
of a higher quality than the lives are
living down south the alternative for me
to accept your argument you would
literally be saying that people are
coming here knowing that they're going
to live worse lives and then oh no I I
agree with you look I I do think that's
a lot of these people have a better life
sometimes at the expense of people who
are already here but you know so here's
a question do we want to bring in a
bunch of people who we improve their
lives a bit another group of people who
we reduce their quality of life a bit
you know some companies make a lot of
money off of it or some people have you
know cheaper labor or whatever it is or
do we want to have a system where we in
fact actually regulate and we say look
this is the quality of life this is the
lowest standard of quality of life that
we're willing to accept in America and
we're gonna try to bring everybody up to
that level why wouldn't we just allow
people to come up and if it grows the
overall economy modify our tax position
so that people are benefiting all around
if we both agree that our economy grows
overall and we can bring in cheap layer
labor in order to grow our economy why
wouldn't we continue to do that and then
we can address inequalities using our
tax policy like we already do as opposed
to the other option where we say well
don't immigrate here we're only gonna
keep certain people here so that you
know you artificially well are that you
raise wage floors right so the people
here might be making more money and then
companies like a [ __ ] it will just ship
these factories to the south then and
we'll just import our stuff since all
the workers are down there I see I
actually think that's a reasonable
solution like let's say because that's
what most economists say that's all
imperative like right but I'm saying
okay let's say that you stop immigration
completely you stop all of the lowest
wage you know lowest skilled people from
coming in right wait I'm gonna refresh
your camera real quick I'm
it might cut us off for a second once I
wait can you hear me okay sorry I think
your camera's still frozen on the google
call you can click the turn camera off
and turn it on button I might restart it
but Saigon yeah think so I yeah it's
it's I think it's my OBS froze oh well
life goes on okay yeah let's try to go
for it all right sorry uh sorry people
watching you can't see me move that's
alright we'll live yeah I mean there's
several several solutions to this that I
think would actually work reasonably
well but I think opening the borders up
to just about anyone who wants to come
here and not making sure that we are
having the best people come it is just a
missed opportunity right you just have
so much so much wasted opportunity and
bringing in the people that you want
here as a people who just you know as we
keep going back to this but this is
still like a fundamental
misunderstanding of the economic
situation like when you say people we
want like I don't want anybody that
wants to work like it for economically
like in our system that's what we want
we want to grow this a plan we want
people who will fill jobs that are
needed well but jobs are created when
you have more supply of labor available
like this idea that people only come in
to feel currently existing jobs that's
not even here's a real here's a real
simple idea that kind of get to the core
of what I'm saying if you have two
countries and both of which have a huge
pool of unskilled laborers and one
country has two super high crime and the
other has really low crime do you think
the bringing in the people from the
country with really low crime isn't
going to be better than bringing the
people with high you know from the
countries with high crime I mean it
really depends sometimes crime is as a
result of failing institutions and if
the institutions in America are still
somewhat successful then you wouldn't
expect them to bring that crime over so
I mean like it really depends so for
instance like let's leave a claw mated
to that reality
nobody really mates to the reality of
wanting to have crime around them like
let's say it's not wanting to have crime
you have to acclimate okay to survive in
Russia
you have to act you have to give bribes
you have to do things that would be
considered corrupt and
America right and you you have the
people that come over here from Russia
and they cheat and they steal and they
commit all kinds of like things that we
would absolutely qualify as crimes but
in Russia are kind of considered normal
and look this is not me talking I mean
the Russian people will talk about this
openly so if I were to look up stats
right now you're telling me that like
the majority have like a higher
incarceration rate than other like
immigrant groups in the United States do
you think this is actually true it's a
good question I don't know because I
don't I don't know if this is widely
reported I don't know because it's very
unlikely that an immigrant who's being
exploited is going to report it or that
you know somebody's gonna like there's a
lot of these groups they just kind of
act within their own little circles and
nobody knows about it except for the
people within those circles okay so the
Russians are coming over but they're
like secretly corrupt and not everybody
sees it I think that they're pretty
clever about it yeah and they're not
committing crimes that are like they're
not murdering people
I mean there's it's I don't think that
all kinds of corruption is this is one
of the big problems with bringing in
crime from other countries it's like the
the victim country or the country that's
getting these these people coming in
they're not always prepared to look for
the kind of crimes that are being
committed right if you look at like what
happened with Sweden right they brought
in all these immigrants and they had
this really generous welfare program the
reason they have that generous welfare
program is because nobody really went on
welfare right it was considered sort of
taboo it was considered ugly to go on
welfare and then you had all these
immigrants come in and they had no
qualms about going on welfare so they
would get a job and they would work
forty hours a week and they would be on
welfare which if you were a Swede that
would be really embarrassing that you
were doing that because it was fraud
right wait you think no Swedish people
ever go on welfare no I didn't say no
Swedish me is just you there there is no
expectation that a person is going to go
willfully on welfare in Sweden because
it's considered to be culturally it's
culturally embarrassing to do it it's
not embarrassing it's kind of the same
in the United States don't we make fun
of people with EBT or whatever like in
the US like your group might people that
I grew up with might but not every
culture is like that in America no way
like not everyone shares
I don't know I mean you you do have
people who kind of brag about their you
know how much how much welfare they get
where she from I'm Sweden from Stockholm
okay I don't know about this cuz I can't
speak to like the culture of like Russia
or Sweden or talk about like
undocumented like potential like Russian
people that are acting corrupt in ways
that nobody sees because like the
government can't track it because they
don't tell the police I don't know like
how I can even begin to address like all
I'm trying to say is that there are some
cultures that act in certain ways that
we would consider corrupt in America but
we're not prepared to look for that kind
of I guess it's just it seems like
you're unwilling to divorce like the
country that these people come from from
the people themselves like it's not like
Mexico came up here and now like the
Mexican cartels are running LA and
running like New York City or whatever
like for the most part of these people
don't seem to come up as criminals if
anything it seems like most of the
illegal or a lot of the illegal activity
in Mexico is spurred on by American
policy like the war on drugs for
instance of anything I know I I do think
that there is a lot of corruption that
you're not aware of because people do it
covertly right a lot of people are very
careful about getting caught because
okay if you're gonna get caught right
and you're an immigrant you're probably
going to be deported so a lot of the
time people will you know it you know
engage in kind of nefarious activity
which they really they know they can't
get caught by which an American probably
wouldn't do just because they have a
different sort of like standard of you
know what behavior is acceptable okay
all right I think this is a good a
difficult argument to make because it's
you can't you can't really you can't
really prove that it's true or that it's
not true right it's just something that
you have to know about from talking to
people I got it just seems like the
easiest policy to go with that would by
far be the easiest to implement and have
the lowest overhead would be something
like [ __ ] amnesty for the people that
are here bring
like the legal tax base we can account
for and document everybody make it a lot
easier to immigrate to the country
because people come here illegally
anyway then we don't have to waste all
the stupid money on enforcement we don't
have to waste all this time you know
worrying about if somebody's illegal or
not you just have them here working and
doing their thing like it just seems
like such an easier way with so many
less headaches to deal with these
problems and ethics crime or anything
like that that we can deal with it with
our current institutions I mean even the
idea that like people are more likely to
be a criminal coming from somewhere else
when we already have like the in highest
incarceration rate of the world it is
like even that idea is like very strange
to me so I don't know it just seems like
it just seems like making everything
easier would be better I guess are there
are literally billions of people in the
world that are below poverty right oh
yeah they consider it to be I think like
half the world or almost half the world
right sure with that kind of I mean with
that kind of diversity you know that
many people from all around the world
you're saying that we should just let
anybody who wants to come work your work
here and we should we have they can find
a job yeah hell yeah okay you don't
think that would bankrupt the country if
everyone who was poor who wanted to work
in America came over here firstly not
everybody can get here okay poor people
in Africa are gonna have the money for
an international flight so firstly but
secondly yeah the economy would continue
to grow that's how capitalism works if
you grow your resources you grow your
economy that's what's happened in the
United States how many people do we have
in this country u.s. population 1960
right we had oh sorry we had a hundred
and eighty million people then and I
mean our population is almost doubled
and we're still chugging along we're
still the superpower of the world like
yeah you grow your population you grow
your labor you have new businesses open
up like people make more money the
economy grows tax wealthy people a
little bit more so that they don't have
so much money compared to everybody else
and then yeah that's how America has
grown yeah yeah I'm not against a
immigration in total right but this idea
that we're going to just bring in
everybody who you know who from wherever
and we were not we don't care we don't
care where they're from we don't care
who they are we don't really care we
just like let them in let them do their
thing okay let's say that I could for
instance okay you're you're not
optimized let's say let's say that I can
optimize an immigration and enact a
policy that would be discriminatory
towards some groups of people and I
could totally just go yeah unless I
could do it and I could get rid of like
nine
85% of violent crime offenders these are
types of policies that you would be okay
for what do you mean violent crime
offenders that are potentially coming to
the United States yeah of course
okay something we should just ban all
men from immigrating to the US and we've
solved like violent crime immigrants and
a lot of driver action who's that
but that's you know obviously you you
have to look at this is like a this is a
this is an issue with like a lot of
different qualities right people have a
lot of different qualities that are
valuable and are problematic right and
and to just look at like one quality and
say that's the quality that we're gonna
you know account for and we're not gonna
I totally agree but you're making my
argument for me now so when I say
immigration is a massive boon to the
United States economy even fiscally and
you go well what about the crime why are
we looking at that one factor when the
crime has already lower than native
population what about the crime I'm
saying look at this in a multi-faceted
way figure out what the best countries
are to bring in people from and then
bring people in from those make a
decision right now the policy is
basically just raining them like
whatever wait no it's not you don't get
here randomly from the United States we
have a huge process to immigrate here
it's not random at all we're very
selective in our in our immigration what
there's something called a lottery have
you not heard of the lottery the lottery
makes up a small percent okay oh yeah
hold on hold on okay firstly firstly to
get into the lottery you already have to
qualify to make that it's not just
random I don't know if you think that
like it's literally like hey this Branum
dude from chad is coming to the US now
because you've won the lottery that's
not how it works okay the lottery is
already a system of people that have
already qualified immigrants like
secondly the water makes up like 1% of
the people to immigrate here to the
United States like well you know it's
funny I think that you've I think that
you've gone through the immigration I
assume you must have some experience
with this since your your wife is the
Swedish right something like that what's
your question I'm saying that like I
wasn't gonna make I was gonna ask
anything I was gonna say I actually
think that there is some kind of
qualifications that people have to
allowing people to immigrate in within
the system right within the immigration
system because the immigration system is
made up of people who work work there
and try to invite people in right
and typically the people that go in and
work for you know the immigration office
in any particular region they're gonna
be the kind of people that are
sympathetic to other certain kinds of
people right they're gonna be probably
lefties they're probably gonna want to
bring in certain kinds of people and in
my experience they tend to favor people
who are like potentially less valuable
to the economy potentially less valuable
to the country right they want to bring
in the people that seem to have the the
most like the saddest story or something
like that right and a lot of times this
has to do with what do you call it like
refugee status right but refugee status
isn't for people who are like low-income
refugee status is for people who's like
literally their lives are in danger but
this system has been corrupted by the
people who work in it to just bring in
people that they want to bring in
usually how applying for refugee status
works like you have to go in through the
the UNHCR are the people that decide
whether or not you get to apply for like
asylum or refugee status and then only a
percentage of those people are even
referred to the United States there's a
huge I mean there's like a lot of people
down the line that get to make these
choices but in my experience it tends to
be like the sad cases that get in these
aren't necessarily the people that we
want in America I mean look I feel I
feel a Regulus is a totally different
thing we don't choose refugees based on
who we want in America these are because
we feel like we have a social obligation
to the world refugees aren't treated as
a refugee system is completely and
totally like fraudulent like the vast
majority of refugees it's fraud wait how
because people say that they've had a
bad they've had a bad situation where in
the country that they're from and they
haven't I met tons of these people who
just say oh yeah I'm my refugee thing
was total BS I mean maybe that's just an
hour anything I'm Joe this is not true
so I'm just trying to find like good
things it's not true okay so you're
saying that most refugees here are for
most most people who apply for refugee
status its its total fraud so here are
the top ten origin countries for
refugees admitted to the US from 2018
tell me which one of these sounds like
great countries that aren't like
experiencing turmoil right now so we
have the Democratic Republic of Congo
we have Burma we've got Ukraine we've
got Bhutan your eat RIA Afghanistan El
Salvador Pakistan Russia Ethiopia do
these select countries that people are
coming from where they're just making up
yes okay yes not I mean look I'm not
saying every single refugee is making it
up well you're saying like I like a good
chunk of them like at least 25% or
something are a huge I would say way
more than 25% I'd say probably like 75
80 percent like an insane number of
people who come from like looks there's
certain countries who are like literally
engaged in like a war or you know
they're experiencing a genocide or
something like that and when that kind
of stuff happens okay yeah I'll accept
that there's refugees that need to be
dealt with in some way or another you
understand like getting into the United
States as a refugee involves more
vetting than probably any other type of
immigrant that has ever been vetted in
the entire world like yeah but you don't
from multiple organizations and Indian
agencies in the United States agree with
you but I do I do think that they let
people in knowing that they're lying a
lot of the time so when you say they let
people in you're talking about the UNHCR
let's people in the State Department
meaning both the Department of Homeland
Security and the FBI are letting people
in that like I think it's totally
irrelevant
what what what organizations you're
talking about I'd be there it's amazing
to me that like up people right and
those people have biases and the people
all of these people in this two-year
process of admitting refugees to the
United States all of these people are
being biased do you think it's a
coincidence and that the 800,000
refugees that have been settled in the
US only one of those people have ever
been committed of a terrorist attack and
it was an FBI sting to not be the case
that that there that that immigrants or
immigrants or refugees or something like
that are a huge terrorist threat I never
made that
that that's something a lot of people
say but I don't really think that that's
true at all I don't think that's the
reason that we should be concerned about
refugees moving into the United States
okay I think I don't I don't like fraud
and I think a lot of people don't like
fraud and I think that if if you are
coming from a country that is where you
are used to corruption and you come into
this country fraudulently there's a good
chance that you're going to act
fraudulently while you're here like
you're gonna act in the same corrupt way
that you acted in your home country
okay look I'd you know this is not gonna
be true of every person all the time
but I just it's statistically speaking
if you're bringing in people from a
corrupt country they're gonna be more
likely to be you know in a involve
themselves in more criminal type
activity and the people that are living
here who aren't used to that kind of
activity are going to be victim oh okay
I'm so I'm just curious so I can look it
up later where did you hear this number
from that this number of people or like
have you heard this like talked about
anywhere that lately made up out of
nowhere okay
give you a specific number about you
know how many people I think are
fraudulent on their refugee status
there's no way of knowing that but it
you know just from talking to people
it's pretty obvious think almost all of
the refugees that I've met from Russia
are like it's it's do you think that
it's a problem to base like your
worldview on statements like just from
talking screaming I'll be here
potentially potentially but I you know
you what you have to do is you have to
be you have to be aware that it's
possible that your experiences is unique
and unusual I actually don't think my
experience is unique and unusual I do
think that but you're basing that on
your experience isn't that a little
circular no I'll say this if I had
reason to believe that my experience was
unique and unusual like if if I thought
that the people that I was talking about
us the cific subgroup that didn't
represent you know most most of the
people coming in on refugee status I
could accept that this is an unusual
experience but like what do you want me
to to just take your word for it well
like typically if you have a viewpoint
like this you would have heard like a
data point or you would have heard like
something like an article or a study or
something to be said like hey like
there's this massive percentage rather
than just assuming that like
seventy percent of visitor how do you
how do you how do you get that how do
you get that stuff how do you look at
that I mean I don't know there are tons
of like independent offices and
oversight committees that look into both
the UN or the United States in terms of
their immigration process you can look
at the crime committed by people that
have been resettled here as refugees
that's why I know that of the 800,000 or
whatever here that only one of them has
been convicted of like a terror related
activity I mean there are tons of like
oversight committees especially was any
like Trump in office you don't think we
would be hearing about this if there was
evidence that this was happening well
that's the that's the trouble with
people doing things fraudulently I mean
it's a glossing to catch them you think
that like people that are are grading
here from other countries so they're
both so these are people that are both
low IQ and incompatible with our culture
but they have like the intellectual
wherewithal to be fraudulent to twenty
different departments and then come
coming in here well on refugee status
are oftentimes different than the people
who are coming up here illegally okay I
think that the people were coming on
here in refugee status but that's
fraudulent they're actually pretty smart
right and you know what at the end of a
maybe let's think if they're that smart
that they can get in maybe let's keep
from but I in America we have this this
idea that we want the the people who are
doing things the right way to be able to
get it and look it look the reality is
if people are clever enough they're
gonna get in it's not that that the
people who are trying to get in it's not
even that I blame them really I mean it
sounds like these are the types of
people you want it and I mean if they're
able to be a fraudulent how many
different people these must be the best
and brightest right so I I would I would
actually agree with that if I didn't
think that the that a lot of the people
that work within the immigration system
are complicit gotcha right I hoping them
they're they're looking at their file
they're saying this person is obviously
lying but you know what I want to let
him in any way
okay I would be very curious to ever see
that like coming to fruition but I but I
guess well I mean that's a kind of a
radical accusation but I think it's
absolutely true okay okay and then I'm
gonna throw a big curveball at you
because I'm just found two curveballs
cuz I'm just curious the first one this
is an easy one do you think the Jews are
involved in like orchestrating any of
the stuff no I I mean I I
I see all that stuff with the the white
nationalists it's like I don't get that
stuff but okay that's cool and then in
the second thing do you think that
there's like a pretty strong racial
component that contributes to the
differences in IQ between like say black
people or white people
okay well that that's not that's not a
curveball that's an incredibly sensitive
issue I would say this it's very very
difficult to make any kind of IQ
assessment based on race just because
there's so many stupid people of every
group and there's so many smart people
of every group I mean you can go to any
kind of you know but there are I Q tests
you know international IQ tests that
have been done that do show that there
are differences yeah but ever do you
think those differences are because of
like like genetics like if even if we
bring them over to our country and breed
yeah read them yeah I I knew I do think
that there's a genetic component to IQ I
think that that's it's like to me I
would say this right huh
white people don't have the highest IQ
of all the different races right we're
lives creative right oh I don't know but
but I would say that if you have a
higher IQ than average you know why do
you care you're smart person like you
should be fine white people not being
the smartest and the same goes where
every other group like you know if like
okay I don't know which group is like
the least athletic but let's say there's
a least athletic group right if you
happen to be like a an Olympian and
you're a phenomenal athlete like what do
you care what the average is it doesn't
really matter you know so I you know I
prefer to look at people on an
individual level but I am not I'm not
willing to just dismiss research that
people are trying to do because you know
because there's some kind of taboo about
talking about race and IQ or you know
whether women are good at one thing or
men are better at something else like I
like this idea I like this idea that
some groups are better than others at
certain things
and the fact that we hide from it I
think is really a product of our fear of
really just being you know I think that
the big a big problem that we have in
our society is that politicians are
afraid that anytime white people here
that white people are better at some
other people you know at something that
they're gonna run like I said it into
their closet and grab their their hoods
and capes and start burning crosses in
people's yards you know I think that we
need to have a little bit more respect
for the the intelligence of Americans
and the decency of Americans you know if
one group has a high IQ and another
group has you know is is you know
athletic and another group is charming
and another group is good at acting and
other groups creative or whatever it is
like that's fine like that's great if
you study that look at that it's figure
out why that is you know maybe it's a
cultural thing maybe it's a genetic
thing maybe it's a I don't know you know
I'm not I don't like the idea of taking
things off the table for political
correctness okay
all right do you have any final comments
or thoughts anything nope that was
absolutely delightful though hey I
appreciate the conversation my dude yeah
all day all right I'll see you later
thank all right
[Music]
