can you do this
Game of Thrones to your list dude I
don't even know if I would know half
these [ __ ] characters anymore though
I would never do this they're the
problem with this list is there's not an
F tier how do I put brown on the FTA
it's already a [ __ ] list
oh sorry don't worry I'm fixing it
anyway
okay I'm done love you what day
oh god this character got so ruined she
started off really interesting
wait is there gonna be like old Sansa
nuisance or anything or is it like all
son Sansa is the best is the only good
character blocks in Game of Thrones
she's okay
oh I'll put her in s tier she's done a
lot I won't argue to be better
she's just [ __ ] edgy moody assassin
lady who is this is this Rickon who the
[ __ ] cares about you you dumb [ __ ] you
don't even deserve to be on this list
okay you're here literally no one cares
about you how is che f- - she is
literally Melina Shay starts office
Molina and then becomes like random
needy possessive like [ __ ] vindictive
person Joffrey was like the thing is is
it like Joffrey as a character it was
never interesting he just served as like
a big plot driver to the people around
him so I don't know how I would put him
I guess I'd put him aides here but I
mean it's not like he was really
interesting but he made a lot of
interesting stuff happen around him
watching Game of Thrones in 2019 omega'
little Jorah is like okay okay cut boy
Theon had like the best character arc
and he just kind of like he just kind of
like little finger to his way out and
sees a name I'll put him in a a Weiss on
set the turret top because sam says the
Assad set I keep saying her now I said
her name like for dinner time it's like
the only one that was like has like
developed the most Sansa Sansa has grown
so much since season one and you can see
it in her character and I give props
that no one cares about Littlefinger
anymore how and is always he hasn't
really changed much I want to give him s
it's just like
honorable mentions
I'll give only house - [ __ ] off Sam [ __ ]
off season one Tyrion is here season
eight Tyrion is like here I don't know
what a put Tyrion now Tyrion was like
every single time and the first four
seasons of Game of Thrones if the camera
was on Tyrion almost every old white
dude is like a steer nice every single
time the camera was on Tyrion it would
be an indignant interesting scene
whatever you were about to watch no
matter what whether he's talking to Jon
Snow whether he's in a [ __ ] bar with
Catelyn Stark whether he's talking to
Varys or a little finger or anybody or
Joffrey or Tywin whatever scene Tyrion
was in was always gonna be really
interesting but past like season for
anybody that comes in contact with Dany
it gets destroyed and now all of us
seems like oh I outsmarted the dumb
dragon slavers again so I don't know
where I would put Tyrion now
i given the honorable mention he gets an
s - right now [ __ ] who cares this is
Renly Baratheon who cares about you who
the [ __ ] is this who who is this lady
doesn't even know rose the [ __ ]
oh she like the random informant for a
little finger oh I don't remember
[ __ ] oh man
Danny is like the destroyer of
characters this guy doesn't this guy
literally stand in front of like the
whole Kingsguard and he's like I could
[ __ ] kill every single one of you
[ __ ] you do not know no no no
this is Mormon I'm sorry I'm thinking of
um no no this is the Nights Watch guy
I'm thinking of the Berenstain guy oh
this guy this guy is so badass
but then he dies like a [ __ ] [ __ ] Oh
God
but it is so lame isn't this guy am I
thinking of the right guy so most of
like what makes this character of badass
happens before like the actual Game of
Thrones
nuclear take here Arthur Dayne could
[ __ ] on Barristan Selmy is that the dual
wielding guy [ __ ] off
but like this guy is supposed to be like
a legendary [ __ ] badass honestly
Dustin he's seeing the deleted scene
with the Grandmaster in King's Landing
King's Landing maybe respect the
character so much more I agree I don't
I'm really surprised they cut that scene
but anyway this guy is like a huge like
badass of the room like one of like the
most impressive like fighters like Hound
it's here or like I'm Brienne of Tarth
tear like top tier [ __ ] warrior
fighter I didn't even know I could cut
through the five of you like carving a
cake he could [ __ ] you so [ __ ] bad oh
my god I want to like force people ah
[ __ ] I'm gonna make you we were gonna no
we shouldn't Jesus yeah anyway st oh but
then he died but then he goes to [ __ ]
Danny and anytime somebody goes to Danny
it's like the worst
for your everything about you it kills
you character kills your plot you're
probably gonna die in a disappointing
way like oh my god Gendry I don't like
this character at all like I don't who
carries about you I'm sorry this is the
mom of I don't even remember her name of
that I'm totally [ __ ] what's her name
something Tully Catlin sister Erin oh
Lisa Lysa who cares about you hi he was
like Joffrey Junior like uh this guy
used to be so cool although he's gotten
like the [ __ ] treatment I'm gonna try to
get okay I'm gonna raid these guys at
their best
okay I'm gonna raid every one character
their best okay at their best these guys
are all s tier I'll try to rape people
at their best meister guy who cares Raju
Varys
I think I put them up there yeah um a
little finger yeah we can put a little
finger up here out his best why do you
think King Robert is that interesting um
honest to god this is something that I
don't even think existed in the books I
really like this conversation a lot I'll
say this for that's dog he's serious
enough was it really what we're not
gonna watch this whole it's really
boring you've never seen the show before
the one hole but that kind of like I
really like this talk of how complicated
like marriages and relationships can be
right like do they settle on like I
think they loved each other at one point
in time or maybe they never even really
loved each other but they love their
children or they love the idea of being
in love with each other I don't know
there's like a lot to take on this I
really really like this conversation
it's been a long time since I've watched
it but this was like a really good
interaction I think this was actually
completely original to D&D yeah I think
so yeah Cersei look Rob but Rob never
loved her yeah
oh no no Robert never loved her because
the woman that he loved his heart always
belonged to um
Stark what was her name Lee not Leanne
Jon Snow's mom Leah Leanna Leanna
whatever name yeah
we never actually see lyon on the show
ever right it's just
the power is power seen was also show
exclusive oh I thought this scene was
[ __ ] I didn't like this scene at all I
thought this thing was really dumb for
Game of Thrones Lord Baelish
your grace I wonder if I might ask you
for a favor
of course your grace Ned Stark's
youngest daughter Arya we can't seem to
locate her if she's escaped the capital
Winterfell seems the logical destination
and yet my friends in the north will get
no sign of that oh yes if we choose to
negotiate the Starks the girl has some
value whoever finds her well you know
what they say about Lannister's in the
deficit well you could ask Varys where
she is she'll have an answer for you
whether you believe it myself I have
always had a hard time trusting eunuchs
who knows what they want there
mockingbird you created your own sigil
didn't you yes appropriate for a
self-made man with so many songs to sing
I'm glad you like it
some people are fortunate enough to be
born into the right family others have
to find their own way seriously at her
best as an ass is this is this Jon Arryn
this guy
oh hi benjin [ __ ] this guy I don't have
never cared about him ever
khal drogo like no one cares about you
no one ever cared about you
Hodor hold the door
you throw what throw em up in the aides
here um this was like gay lover boy of
like um the Renly guy but does he do
anything else I don't know cares about
you oh this guy was always super chill I
like this guy he gets like an a this was
like the main like um what do you call
it The Raven Center the Meister guy or
whatever for a Winterfell well I don't
what's the name of that position
maestro Lewin oh this guy was a
Lannister I don't even remember I
remember that they were like scenes with
him being super gay with Renly I didn't
know what the [ __ ] happens to this guy
does he get killed it would what happens
to this dude wrong no that's not him
wait what the who the [ __ ] is this guy
he becomes religious Chad oh there's
like a whole I'm not gonna lie there's
like a whole blackout for me from like
seasons 5 through 7 where I do not like
[ __ ] I've didn't watch I I watched it
all but like I don't even know like he
[ __ ] seriously then becomes a religious
zealot okay yeah I don't care about him
was this is like it so if most of the
character development happened and like
seasons 5 6 & 7
I didn't [ __ ] remember [ __ ] about him
so if that was this guy like yeah I
don't know yeah okay chronic yeah so I
don't care this guy gets a good
honorable mention wait who the [ __ ] why
the [ __ ] did I put this guy up here
you have the gay joyful in the honorable
mentions yeah I don't know why I must
have liked ser loras yeah this is a
Renly's lover yeah I don't know why I
have him out here but no one cares about
you this girl was super cool hmm I'll
put an 8 here no maybe I beat here I
don't know all right I'll put her beat
here this guy is s - Terry what's her
name I don't know she's like a hot
wildling girl that hangs out with
Brandon [ __ ] on their adventures a
little bit I don't know the [ __ ] her
name was OSHA OSHA
um Catherine stark you never cared about
Sam now [ __ ] now who is this girl the
one that Robb Stark Falls loving no one
cares about you
this girl was less interesting than
[ __ ] Robb Stark's bride was less
interesting than the this one that
Tyrion had the [ __ ] - a girl Brienne
had her best as I guess - she's pretty
cool
she was so hot yes she was I really like
this guy The Onion Knight Tywin oh [ __ ]
hold on
I [ __ ] up sorry that's you do not go
on the same tier as some of these other
people you were a man whose plot arcs
were not only legendary
but you were thank God gone before your
awesomeness could be tainted by the
later seasons you know let's be real
this is just Tywin that's it
I'm so sorry this is gonna trigger the
[ __ ] out of a lot I never cared about
Stannis like the most I ever cared about
Stannis is when I was in the Song of Ice
and Fire subreddit reading passages from
the book about how cool he was that was
the only time I cared and like when I
read like in the Song of Ice and Fire
separate I was like oh [ __ ] Stannis
actually seems like really [ __ ] cool
like this guy actually seems really
awesome but on the show he's just like
constantly cocking himself to that red
lady and it's like dude what's wrong
with you what you're like suiciding your
army your suiciding your daughter you're
suicidal yourself you're like so dumb
what's wrong with you he was such a [ __ ]
the whole time oh my god this is
Margaret I'm surprisingly these names
I'm remembering it's either the LSD or I
retain more I use a really hard time
with names I don't know why I put her
like
yeah I think she was only in the show
for like a few um well no wasn't she
only in the show for like four seasons
three or four I think that like she came
in at the tail end of one and then ended
and then wasn't in as much like yeah but
I don't know if I'm displaying that cuz
she's really hot
you wouldn't know something interesting
um what's the name for when half your
face is like paralyzed there's a name
for this oh wait that was an accident
isn't there is it Bell's palsy no I
thought there was a name for when part
of your face has like a problem with the
muscles I know a girl in high school
that had this I thought I wonder if it's
Bell's palsy oh it might be actually but
apparently am I making this up what's
that actresses name Natalie Dorner wait
Natalie something dormer her face is
like either asymmetric or she has like
Bell's palsy or something and that's why
it looks like she always has that smirk
it's not she's not actually like smiling
always but it's like a her face is like
messed up a little bit which i think is
like very funny
I feel like um Natalie Oh destiny in
fact Natalie Dormer suffers from
congenital paralysis of the facial nerve
yeah I thought that was really funny
like a lot of people think that like
it's funny because people think she's
always got like this sexy smirk but not
actually and I'd actually know yeah it's
just like a thing um regret she climbed
all the way up to an s and then fell oh
my god oh she lands somewhere to be I
guess I have no idea who the [ __ ] this
is who the [ __ ] is this guy
Oh beylin great joy oh he died on like
season 2 [ __ ] can I read this guy no
he's not like that I just don't I don't
care about him a lot of people said they
liked this guy
this was the Roose Bolton I can't
believe I remember this name oh my god
is LSD like a memory drug I feel like I
would normally never remember that guy's
name Roose its Roose Bolton right a lot
of people really like this guy I don't
know I thought it was okay I don't
really care about him ever yeah okay I
don't know who this person is who the
[ __ ] is this oh is that Gilly
No
Jamie at his best arguably where is Oh
burn Oh No
there he is Oh No
he gets up there he's super cool pod
Podrick
he's got a big dick I don't care about
you I'm really he's not a bat he's funny
he's a chill dude I'll throw him up on
the beat here his pod he's cool god this
girl is so [ __ ] hot and she drives
the plot forward I give her a [ __ ] I
give her a see she she's like
interesting she was like the Lord of
Light [ __ ] I guess yeah but like as a
character is kind of [ __ ] boring I
don't know how I feel about Yara another
one that was destroyed by the later
seasons of Game of Thrones Yara is so
[ __ ] cool [ __ ] what was it didn't she
specifically say she was gonna go get
Theon or something I'm am I remembering
this correctly but she was way too
saying like I'm gonna go get my brother
and then Daddy Theon was like [ __ ] no
he's not even my son I don't give a [ __ ]
about him [ __ ] him and she's like no I'm
gonna take like the best ship and the
best people and I'm gonna go [ __ ]
attack the [ __ ] dread for it like on
my [ __ ] own [ __ ] you and she like
desert she's so badass
and she's like I'm pretty sure she's
like the most respected like Ironborn
person like period like she is like the
baddest ass on that [ __ ] Island and
then somehow you're on shows up and
people like lol woman or whatever like
do some weird [ __ ] she's like Oh peace
out
lol no are you sure I'm pretty sure that
before you're on throat sick show is up
I'm pretty sure that Yara is like the
like number one or at least that's what
it seems like like she's she has the
ability to tell like the father guy
which is like the Big Daddy of like the
island right she basically doesn't [ __ ]
off like I'm gonna do what I want to do
and then gets like really good people to
do it I think she's like she seemed like
really well respected but then like
later on she's just so boring
jaqen he's really cool what kind of
memes I'll put him in a tier who cares
about you dude I have never liked gray
world I don't go this sort of white guy
I like him he doesn't do much that in
Turkey moves the plot but he's cool
yeah barek he's pretty cool I'll give
him an hey not Tywin there who's saying
that he's so boring yeah but like when
he's around like the cool stuff is
happening with like the Hound or
somebody else that you care about he's
like Joffrey's like a plot driver miss
miss miss Sunday no I've never I've
never cared about you I don't care I
don't remember his name
this is like the Native American guy
beyond the wall he was a cool dude
though he was super cool I'll give up
put him up in the aides here man Oh
mance rayder this is like from the first
few seasons this guy was like really
cool but now he's just like Oh I'm
alcoholic drink I'm reading him at their
best
I'll give him a B Mance Rayder should be
asked here do you think these are like
early seasons I'll be put on to ask -
not their best this character was had it
was a really cool concept and then it
got bogged down by like by the way I'm
very evil and very bad and very evil and
very bad just letting you know literally
eating women with dogs because Allah
Wall
Margaret oh [ __ ] I think she gets up
there somehow [ __ ] we need to think
about what to do with this
no no not Margaret I'm sorry um enjoy
your trip today buddy
olena Olenna how do you pronounce her
name this chick is so [ __ ] cool if
for no other reason because of this
[ __ ] meme
I don't remember this guy was he a Lord
of Light dude I don't I don't
anybody remember Thoros he was the dude
who revived I don't really care about
him that's literally all you do is you
revive somebody that's a far more
interesting than you
although [ __ ] is this it looks like
Captain Jack Sparrow who the [ __ ] is
this guy oh he was like the war the
enemy war gorg I don't care this guy is
like super edgy mysterious I don't care
about him like every time he has the
opportunity to be edgy yes I gotcha
or I can turn some B's into war so um I
like this guy sir something of the
Blackwater or of the blackfish [ __ ] who
what was this guy's name blackfish
something what do you just call him
blackfish this guy was chill
but he died off-screen for some weird
reason I'll give him an a no one cares
about you never cared about you that guy
Tom Rijn no what was this guy's name I
don't remember I don't care don't care
about never cared about you torment
Tommen
this guy has Danny deer I mean like he's
kind of cool but he's Danny
he's like a Danny dude who cares I mean
like he does cool [ __ ] but like is this
guy still alive or did he just like go
off to like do his own thing whatever
happened to him he's still holding stuff
for Danny in the east okay whatever oh
no
were the Samsonite girls is it these and
I have no words
um this guy's name was it vissarion
there's no way I could possibly remember
this I am so bad with names who is this
guy's name vissarion miss Cirrus um he
was a plot driver but he was also Danny
tier I'll put him at the scene list Oh
was your hand as a dragon named after
him
well it wasn't named after him they
probably have like a name that they're
both named after right um wasn't this
like the Lannister girl that like God
[ __ ] sand snake I don't care about
her oh I'm waiting you know you don't
get you not that bad you're just no one
cares about you it was named after him
oh she literally named it after why
would she do that
this guy was the actually you guys might
get triggered at this but this guy was
actually like my shining beacon of hope
for the show to become good again I
thought that this guy in a better show
represented something so incredibly
fascinating to me in Game of Thrones you
had a character that was uncorruptible
by greed which is something that the
Lannisters appealed to and uncorruptible
by power which is something that the
Lannisters could appeal to and
uncorruptible by nobility which is
something that a lot of people could
appeal to and he didn't he didn't have
any of those three things so it was one
of the things that I loved watching him
is when he would interact with old olena
or whatever watching him interact with
her and then him interact with um Cersei
when they would always try to like do
things to like [ __ ] with him like yo I
can offer you this or help you of this
Pablo and he was like no I actually like
my god [ __ ] and that's what I'm doing I
don't know I really really really like
this character people are saying that he
was corrupted by power he used the faith
militant to literally target the only
forces of power that could stop him I
still view him as he probably felt like
he was morally the right doing that I
don't he was corrupted by power there I
think that like I really
like this character I mean you guys can
I I could I see why people would
disagree but I thought that this
character posed like a very interesting
challenge to the other character other
characters in the show I like that
I don't know Oh was this one of this was
this guy's kid wasn't it
these to write these Samsung sound okay
don't go [ __ ] is this guy
oh is that its head you're on why do
they look so weird here I don't even
know what to do with these a whacky
pirate that just does anything
is this one of the horrors at little
fingers me I don't know the [ __ ] this is
either
the actress oh this is the one that like
takes care I don't care about you this
is the way like takes care of um does
she get killed eventually I don't you
remember but okay cool
okay who do I remember here Jon Snow
what his best is probably like s tier
the wave kills art yeah yeah Ned Stark
he might get up here mmm the thing is is
it like every scene with Ned was [ __ ]
good was important but he was not
intelligent he wasn't intelligent he
wasn't as intelligent as how do you
pronounce this ladies not hold on high
destiny how are you today okay how do
you pronounce her name where is my boy
dolorous EDD this list is garbage is it
Olenna he's not as smart as Elena or
Tywin and he wasn't as like [ __ ]
dastardly handsome or rugged poor cute
or awesome as Oberyn but he's like Ned
Stark
I'll put him here um Jesus
oh this was like the who cares about you
this is the guy that was like leaning
the village that the hound phone no one
cares about you
Robb Stark you are a Colton you like
made the stuff happen
I'll give you an 8 here he's really hot
but that was about it
let's be real rob is an S what does a
Robb Stark do that honor that's honestly
asked here like he's like yeah but like
he like he like rises and falls like in
one or two seasons doesn't he like win
the war what do you mean he lost the war
Rob won every battle he fought yeah but
what is what is tyrion say - that didn't
matter
he's a dumb he was dumb no one cares
also almost I was like off-screen [ __ ]
you didn't even know why he wins the
battles like [ __ ] hmm okay please give
him an s - nice [ __ ] I mean like he
was cool but like you never like blew my
mind okay who the [ __ ] is this guy help
me help me with these for Jesus
archmaester Sam's dad Oh literally Gilly
tear who cares about you okay who is
this one of them is a witch don't care
oh this is the witch lady got killed by
Drago
Cal Drago whatever right because our
drogo not Drago um this galaxy is her
Star Trek I don't know what the [ __ ]
this guy is wait that is not Sam's dad
oh this isn't who is who I don't know
any of these three people that's Sam's
dad oh this guy's okay I still don't
care who are these two people dude is
the Meister that Sam helps with what the
witch that predicted circus creature
Maggy the Frog didn't Cersei go back and
like kill her I don't care about this
girl and then I don't care about this
guy the one teaching Sam he was when he
was staying okay I don't care don't care
okay I feel good about this list our
three legendary our three legendary
characters are Tywin own Ella
Elena and Oberon every scene every
single scene with these three characters
well I don't know as much about her
we're like he was like my favorite
characters
Str all honorable mentions [ __ ] songs
are [ __ ] you never mind she gets down
there [ __ ] Sansa yeah these guys are all
good they feel they feel good here mm
sounds like it down there what are you
doing up here okay I like this guy
this guy was really cool he always had
cool [ __ ] to say whenever this guy would
talk he always had like some really wise
ass [ __ ] to say this guy was a trig
Aryan wasn't he was he what's this guy's
name again
[ __ ]
a mon yeah this guy was really cool he
should have been hiring the list catland
yaar get down there what are you doing
Joffre you drove [ __ ] man you made [ __ ]
happen
Theon you did a lot of [ __ ] you got to
go up there a little more I'm sorry
Theon Syrio is missing I mean Sarah is
like very very minor where would you
write sir yes here has had like four
seams on the whole show but he was like
really cool I'd put him like I'd
probably make like he'd be like between
like s and hey somewhere I don't know
but he has like no
move Stannis up where did I put Stannis
hold on okay without looking at how I
rank them let me see if I can guess
where I put Stannis okay
Tywin teared no SS - a piece I must have
put Stannis at either F mine Oh or who
cares about you huh I think I would
either put him I think he should be able
to see but I probably put him at who
cares about you didn't I okay let's look
he's not at sea where did I put Stannis
oh [ __ ] where is he wait what did I put
him
Oh F oh man why don't we shoot on our
voice stan is so hard cuz he [ __ ] so
hard but he's not like as bad as like
this little kid I'll put him in C I'll
bump him up okay all right we're good I
think I feel comforted about this what a
wacky pirate this guy is why is Sam so
low what did I put Sam I don't know cuz
he's always off like reading the
mysterious books and then lol and I
don't give a [ __ ] about Sam I was here
like dude he seemed like he almost got
interesting for like a minute but then
he like never does and like John leg
runs off and leaves him and he's always
boring as [ __ ] on his own [ __ ] Sam
[Music]
