go ahead Devin tag me and when you're
ready people striking this [ __ ]
don't worry hey there's enough to go
around for everybody let's do it boys go
ahead that wasn't that different you're
so dumb I just unmuted your shitty
[ __ ] god dmn name was so bad you
should actually be embarrassed yeah
so wait unmute [ __ ] faster when you
say you're gonna do it
that's just everything we just talked
about secret memes or it is there
anything you I mean I don't really care
knock yourself out I just I don't like
that the thing that irritates me is that
hey talking about all these things
because people are even doing it in chat
like I just saw people doing a chat
what do you watch like a lot of anime or
whatever no like there like a lot of
people like there are a lot of people
that really like my mindset and like a
very edgy like Shonen like superhero
like some cringy [ __ ] animal and I've
talked to a lot of people where I get
the impression very quick that they
really admire that mindset and they want
to be like the super edge Lord but
they're not actually and it's pretty
obvious they're just saying it because
they like want to be like [ __ ] edgy
or some [ __ ] and like there are a lot of
people that make the assumption that I'm
doing that and that this has actually
been one of the most difficult things
I've had to sort through on my stream is
that I make a lot of arguments in favor
of progressive social policies and
whatnot like I've probably the most
progressive like twitch streamer in
terms of like doing like politics and
there are a lot and and I would always
say things like you know I'm very
self-interested this is all where all of
my motivation comes from and just
recently I had a pretty big schism in my
fan base where people were like
something I don't even know what came up
but something came up
and people found out like wait holy [ __ ]
dusty doesn't actually give a [ __ ] about
anybody else he only cares myself and a
lot of people got really [ __ ] upset
about this and like did they really yes
like really like I had like like a bunch
of people you guys for [ __ ] mayor
people's don't believe me when I say it
like and even in China earlier well now
people are finally starting but even as
yet earlier there's a lot of people
saying and I even so no microchip on our
desk here's pretend to be just a really
edgy person but like he's he just says
all this [ __ ] to be edge
and it's like okay like I mean if you
want to think that that's fine but but
like now I have to be more careful in
how I present myself because I realize
that there are a lot of people like
there and there are people that are just
like edgy to be edgy or whatever but I
but yeah wait are you sure this is like
people and not like a person oh there
was a threat oh yeah they're really mad
about my positions on things yeah okay
and so they realized that like you
basically don't care
you really don't like most of my like
philosophy isn't interested like that's
what all of my moral positions come from
are like sup or or even a moral
positions come from like a self-interest
one of you there's a lot of people that
reject that but like on our destined to
be edgy or whatever but then like I'll
have certain conversations with people
like why is he so [ __ ] why is he so
uh you know like he doesn't care about
anyone but himself um and then people
get real mad about this and I had this
huge thing this is another thing that
played into my panic attack recently
where I started to realize like holy
[ __ ] like how much of my fan base thinks
I'm like a totally [ __ ] different
person than what I actually am because
there are a lot of people that think
that I have like this genuine goodwill
in my heart for all of mankind and that
like intrinsically I am like a loving
warm person and like this is not true I
am very [ __ ] cold and I'm not lying
when I said that most of my positions
come from like a position of like
rational self-interest like I don't give
a [ __ ] about black people really in the
unit I don't care about minorities like
I really hold like I really wholesomely
want to see you succeed it's more so the
fact that like the country is a lot of
[ __ ] problems when people don't
succeed and things would be better for
me if you did so that's where my
position comes from but people didn't
like actually believe me when I said
that I guess but I don't know if a lot
of people view is like an altruistic
dude that was like but like I'm glad
because some people say that like like
there are some people that were saying
things like well destiny said this
little time but there were a lot of
people that didn't believe that at all
that we're like destiny is like no I'm
like a huge piece of [ __ ] I can't
believe he said this this is the last
straw for me destiny said that he
doesn't think he's morally opposed to
slavery he's only looking at how society
treats that his outcomes like yeah
pretty much yeah okay so all right I
accept all that so like now you're
saying that you're gonna change the way
that you or you're thinking about
changing the way that you say these
things because you're worried
about the thing that I have to think
about now is like and now this sounds
like classic [ __ ] sociopath behavior
whatever is like I don't know if I
should be as forthcoming about my
internal processes because I think that
most of my conclusions tend to be like
like pretty good like when I say pretty
good like most of my conclusions are
desirable amongst like progressive
liberal people in the u.s. so what do I
gain from revealing my inner thought
processes other than more people like
[ __ ] hating me when I could just lie
about it I'm like oh no yeah look I love
humanity so let's talk about immigration
you know yeah and mine's probably gonna
be a little bit different but you know
there's virtue and transparency yes I'm
your entire meme is basically that I
think like what one of the reasons why
people respect you a great deal and one
reasons why I respect you a great deal
is because you actually take the time to
formulate the background of your of your
argument and you do not just state
something like what difference what
differs you from like the youtubers
you're arguing with is like they'll just
say something right they'll be like I
watched a YouTube video and now I know
that this happens right where you'll be
like okay I want to go look at the
evidence I want to go look at the
theories and then I want to base off of
my own personal experience what is
happening on this and and then go
forward with it right um so that that
mindset is one of the reasons why people
respect you I think what Stubb was about
to say was that if you lose that you're
losing a sort of aspect of your life I'm
very I'm very big on building arguments
from the bottom up this is what I tell
people like don't just look at like this
top like we need to have a good
understanding from is low levels we can
but the thing is is that what I realize
is that people have this assumption
about what my low level thought process
is that I guess I don't go explicitly
into detail enough as and it seems like
when I get more into detail it just
makes everybody else we're really
uncomfortable so I don't really gain
anything from doing this I don't
understand okay so for instance let's
say somebody poses a hard question to me
or well it's not a hard question but
let's say somebody says something to me
like this okay destiny let's say that
there were absolutely no negative
outcomes that could ever possibly happen
in the history of all of mankind if you
were to enslave a race of people
you be okay for it then my answer would
be yes if there is no possible way that
it could ever have a negative harmful
repercussion to me then I would say yes
yeah go for it and like a lot of people
in hearing that kind of an answer are
incredibly upset because they always
assume that when I argue against things
like slavery or immigration well destiny
is doing this because at the most
fundamental level he has a moral code
where he believes that all men are
endowed to certain types of freedoms and
certain types of humane treatment etc
etc etc and this is why I really like
destinies philosophical conversations
because like I know he's got his
arguments thought-out from the very core
and I know that like his moral code is
something that I very much buy into but
if the reality is that my moral code I
mean if anything I think it's like an
amoral hedonist like I just want to
create a world that's as good for me as
possible
I just happen to agree a lot with
progresses and how to do that right that
when immigration it you know happens
from other countries when we help other
countries and more people succeed it
grows if your base for my stream it
grows a larger market for us to sell
products do that in a roundabout way all
of these things end up greatly
benefiting me and that's why I'm
generally in favor of them I'm not
arguing from like a warmer appreciation
for mankind or something but when people
hear about the deeper things they get
like really upset about it so it's like
why should I even go into it maybe I
should just lie and say oh no look I do
actually have a really strict moral code
and I love all people you know well look
at it this way what sort of credibility
does it lend to your views when you know
first you're having this conversation
about lying openly or it doesn't matter
what conversation I have I got always
swinging it to where like you know I
went back and forth and emails like
maybe people point to this but they
could never truly prove it they could
only inductively recently and I would
just deny it and it's whatever okay
you're putting a lot of weight on proof
and I'll go back to the old adage of you
know appearance of a conflict of
interest is as bad as an actual conflict
of interest go ahead alright so that
only matters what people believe right
if what the regardless of the truth
which is you know unfortunate certainly
but wait we've had a question no that
was the end oh okay
all right I don't I think wait Stephen
is literally known for lying
that's why emotions as well I don't
understand this is not a new thing
I think there's a sort of spiritual
component to people sorry that that's
gonna be meantime I think intuition
exists there we go okay so I think that
like people can sort of sense your
platform and if you're lying
- and then basing those lies sorry
creating conclusions based on those lies
there'll be a different sense to you
than there is now does that make sense
yeah but I don't believe that people
would be able to detect it I could be
wrong
yeah I think I think I know that I'm
right because there are people that even
when I've been honest and forthcoming
already thought different things about
my internal processes so I'm like well
this goes back to audience
sophistication right we can't really
yeah but I would assume that my
political audience is more sophisticated
than most on YouTube and twitch and I
think that's a fair assessment I've got
like a decent number of lawyers and
politically sophisticated people to some
extent of my audience compared to say
like [ __ ] sargon of akkad audience or
that Anthony dudes audience like I would
think that my fan base is like decently
sophisticated comparatively speaking I
mean if they're not this is the apex
like whose is better would be my next
question yeah I mean there's definitely
a lot of like [ __ ] dune bugs and
[ __ ] anime lovers out there but
there's a good amount of like
sophisticated people in check yeah like
I'm not saying that my chat is like
literally like a collection of like the
the intellectuals of the future world or
some [ __ ] but like who's got a better
like politically minded audience on
Twitch or YouTube than me like that
[ __ ] reminds me of when we were
really high and he told me to do bugs
doing
oh yeah I've got some crazy people my
guy won't deny that yeah they gotta they
come in for sure I just I don't I don't
know like it also is like a 180 from
your previous position right like if
you're suddenly like just kidding like I
love all humans like I don't know it's
gonna have like a lot of weird
implications I don't think you're gonna
do it first of all because I don't think
that's the conclusion you're gonna read
wait you can have your first modus
operandi being self-preservation and
second genuinely wanting everyone else
to do okay it doesn't have to come first
the philosophical hypotheticals get
really uncomfortable that's sailing
prowess of the hypotheticals get
uncomfortable people because like I said
like in a real world I'm never in favor
of slavery because cuz it'll because I
don't think the outcomes are ever better
than the non slavery so I'm always
against it but people still get really
[ __ ] hot mad to hear me answer
hypotheticals that way look at the
fallout from the vegan gains debate when
when he posed the hypothetical what if
there's a group of like nomadic people
or whatever and these people were
incapable of respecting the social
contract like do you think would be okay
to hunt and kill these people and like
my answer to that is always gonna be
yeah sure I guess but I don't think that
there's any group of people in reality
they're incapable of respecting the
rights of other people but I think the
way that I have to answer those
hypotheticals needs a lot of people to
think of it I'm like [ __ ] and saying
or some [ __ ] and it's like I don't know
if it's worth it to deal with wait the
one thing I guess the only what is
something I've had an issue with you
lately
is that you sometimes will not say the
obvious answer like the other day with
the abortion debate like if you're in a
room and there's a [ __ ] baby and like
some petri dish with one thing like who
would you run out with you're like whoa
I don't know I mean technically like
it's a [ __ ] obvious answer I know
what you would do it's no [ __ ]
question it doesn't matter if there's a
thousand feet of salt would you debate
it would you possibly leave the baby
there no of course you wouldn't but like
you would know I I would I would I would
grab the petri cells if it came if it
was like 50 like petri dish things or
whatever it would leave the [ __ ] baby
yeah sure sorry it has to do with like
like moral consideration for for fetuses
if they were like guaranteed vital
fetuses that could definitely I'm
talking in the real [ __ ] world you're
in an abortion clinic I mean that's like
that's like really hard to answer I mean
I can't I can only give you like the
philosophical answer I can't tell you in
the real [ __ ] world cuz I don't know
maybe I don't grab anything maybe I trip
over my shoelaces and [ __ ] myself and
die and with everybody I don't [ __ ]
know like in the actual like in the real
world you know it is an issue of what
we're talking about here is Stephens
like commitment to have to like moral
and ethical absolute absolutism right
well or or consistency is what everybody
gets mad at me for like why you care
about manga says it so much destiny just
not me
[ __ ] - yeah as like a [ __ ] I I think
like it has like a no [ __ ] it's just not
practical my dear like nobody lives life
this way you can't live life as a
totally morally consistent human and
you're not either sure but I'm over
morons no know why even you're
introverted because no you don't you can
be okay admitting a moral can
inconsistency with something because you
understand you're a morally inconsistent
being you can make certain moral
sacrifices while working to create a
better society at scale that's possible
to do cuz it's not just a and B dude you
can't just be like it like it you can't
just write everything off that somebody
says because they're just they're
slightly more morally and consistent in
one area again just makes it hard
because have because it's not fair that
you get to pick and choose where you
want to be morally inconsistent in like
that just seems like such a cop-out like
what right do you have to tell somebody
they can or cannot do a certain thing
that they consider like morally
justified if you're doing things that
you don't even consider morally
justified but you're excused oh well I'm
inconsistent in some areas like how do
you have the rights it's a attack
anybody's position because of because of
consciousness in one in one instance
you're being conscious that you're
accepting the moral inconsistency in him
yourself yeah but the same I accept it I
accept that I accept a moral
inconsistency and I'm not gonna be
swayed out of it just like I think it
takes away from your argument when you
say this stuff but like it's so hard
like it ones like who you save the paper
that the other one is like if you
wouldn't the image your car would you
run over a cat with no repercussions
you're like yeah sure I wouldn't swerve
or do anything it's just like it takes
away I think your argument over all when
you say this and there may be wait I
agree with you Dan this is why I'm
saying I should just [ __ ] lie about
it no you should you don't believe that
you're like dude I don't give a [ __ ]
about roadkill Dan I don't care like I
don't care dude I thought about killing
all the [ __ ] animals of my parents
house they got like 20 cats dude I get
going with the [ __ ] guerre 15 and
with one magazine take care of all their
problems in like [ __ ] 30 seconds dude
and I wouldn't call it all I can bear
here we [ __ ] cat in the back
yard and their life will be better off
for this wouldn't [ __ ] bother me I
would have nightmares over killing
[ __ ] cats
I eat hamburgers and chicken every
[ __ ] day why the [ __ ] would I give a
[ __ ] about some house pets right that's
different
go watch videos of cuddly [ __ ] cows
you don't have to see that I don't like
these arguments then these are the
personal removal right you're not
killing the cow [ __ ] arguments
Americans get when they support horrible
[ __ ] foreign policy and when it comes
to roost people get real [ __ ] ass
pain about it if you're an American and
you're in favor of an interventionist
foreign policy you kind of have to eat
[ __ ] like 9/11 you don't really get to
[ __ ] and cry about it I don't accept
that I don't agree in a world where
people cannot acknowledge the
consequences of their actions because
they're removed from the direct effect
of it wait I don't accept that if you
eat meat essentially you have to be okay
with killing cats and not feeling
anything for it I think because you take
two logically you don't have to go to
that [ __ ] level there's other stuff
but this leads to really [ __ ] up [ __ ]
if I walk down the street and I saw that
there were kids who worked in a factory
that had net set up and if they jumped
