hey buddy how you doing who invited you
in here
you did okay what's up buddy what I'm
gonna talk about - how far have you been
hold on one sec I got a super chat that
says [ __ ] nervosa 6-9 6-9 what a stupid
[ __ ] Wow
you have anything to say to him yeah
sorry okay a farm even push Schwartz d
platforming oh I'm very far down the
only reason I don't is because I'm too
lazy to go and do all this should I need
to do
why because I just I'm amazed like I
don't understand how you kept such high
faith in humanity just it's not Morse
it's not faith it's that I need a
criteria and by which I can deploy from
somebody that I can objectively argue
for which is difficult the big problem
with me for deep platforming is that 2d
platformer somebody it almost feels like
you're saying my philosophy is
objectively superior because like
because I need it because what I need is
I need an argument by which I can deep
lie from another that wouldn't allow me
to get deep platform because I wouldn't
wanna be your platform right right
so like usually what go ahead I I don't
know I guess like mainly how do you keep
any faith in humanity at all I lose
faith every single day every day the
clock ticks and I lose another ounce of
faith in humanity it's only got a lower
as I've grown older so that's that's
very sad yeah oh but how would society
be platform people like if society were
to do it political violence is the term
Irish Letta used which I mean I think is
any way of like censoring a person or
whatever through UX through legal means
so like for example Twitter would be
platform people buy if you share fake
news or something like that leads to be
my equity right like if you post lives
or something like that you video
platforms on Twitter is something they
would band
counts like something like that I don't
know it'd have to be very rigid and very
specific in your set of criteria you
think we should start moving towards
this or I do personally yeah but I mean
you the criteria would have to be like
very strictly to develop Donna it bears
a lot of thought I know that the thing
is that I know that the answer is
complicated but I'm in that arena like I
don't know like how far I would go but I
know I would be passed the line for sure
yeah yeah people posting screenshots of
headlines
that's a ban that's an insta ban I would
invest so much money into [ __ ] extra
testing robots if you posted a tweet of
a headline and then you have over 10,000
followers and you give a strong opinion
about it as soon as you tweet that thing
if the bots had already read the article
it would ask you three basic questions
about the article and if you couldn't
answer in 20 seconds it insta ban to
your account and it stabs you through
your computer every computer would come
with a stabbing device it stabs you with
information right buddy yes that's right
yeah what did you think I meant I
thought you might so so like okay
there's somebody like war ski like how
was he supposed to platform somebody
responsibly like what would he do to
actually that'd be a nuts oh so I'm not
even on that like platforming people
responsibly like I maybe I don't know if
Andy isn't it like if you bring on a
bunch of Nazis you don't challenge their
opinion I don't consider that to be
falling under the purview of what I
would be going after it would be going
after people who are intentionally or
with gross negligence or recklessness
spreading fake news that would be like
my starting ground and that's the only
part that I'm at right now so like I
don't want to deep platform offensive or
horrible ideas I just want to do
platform people that [ __ ] lie that's
my big [ __ ] thing because I can argue
with anybody that wants to have a
fact-based argument but I can't deal
with people that will just [ __ ] lie
or spread fake news I can't deal with
that it's not possible so like if
somebody wants to come on and argue like
listen I want to create an ethnos state
I'm gonna get all the blacks and all the
Mexicans out of here like fine that's
fine that person gets a platform they
can argue
[ __ ] I love free speech it's a goddamn
beautiful thing but if that guy wants to
get up and make that argument by
spreading a bunch of [ __ ] news
around by Lena [ __ ] Breitbart
articles that have [ __ ] sources by
quoting headlines and sniping data and
not really making an honest argument
[ __ ] that guy take him out okay so they
would have to do research into that
field in order to platform that person
sure yeah maybe I mean that's just kind
of what I'm understanding so you'd think
they cuz you wouldn't be able to discern
from fake news from not unless you
understood at least some respective
amount of a certain field yeah probably
I mean it would take effort to do this I
don't even know this is realistic I just
know that I morally I would be okay with
it so like for instance an example of
this would be like Blaire white posting
and she does this a lot she'd be number
one of the chopping block
something like posting an article
headline and then making a snarky tweet
that makes it clear that you haven't
engaged with the article at all people
like Ian Chong would be way past the
chopping block where he brings up an
article that he wrote about a topic to
me without even me provoking it and then
I know more about it than he does and
he's spreading a bunch of [ __ ] and
lies and rumors about it that's an
instant job and he would lose his
[ __ ] job he should lose his job and
should be barred from being a journalist
in United States the next decade at
least that's the type of [ __ ] we're
getting out of here
oh yeah Andy well I mean I'm gonna call
it me I'm gonna call it the IQ no state
okay got it okay sorry go ahead you're
going down a dark path
we're very yeah it's a very dark path
yeah oh yeah my my biggest fear is
people like Ian Chong who write like
articles and then they don't know
anything about the topic to talk about
later really like disheartening yeah I
don't know I don't know there's a
realistic way to implement my show it
probably isn't I'm not sure I just know
I'd be okay with it like if people were
campaigning or some [ __ ] like before if
I see like Sargon's Twitter or like
Ian's Twitter gets shut down like I'll
make a tweet and I'll say something like
I don't think we should ever celebrate
an opposition voice being shut down
platform I think that that's strictly
bad and we should always welcome
diversity of opinions and all of that no
matter how offensive they are today if I
say like Ian's Twitter gets shut down
like I'm gonna start tweeting some mad
[ __ ] and I'm gonna say I'm glad for it
and I hope he never [ __ ] comes back to
any social media platform right right
like I think it would be difficult to
have a bar high enough the people you
know that you wouldn't have a fear of
hitting it yourself
but I think there's a sufficient bar
that people like they room and I think
it's an easy example that shouldn't have
a platform well no I'm not sure I would
have to think about Reuben so again I
want to be really really really careful
here okay so remember primarily my value
system is usually going after what is
true I don't care about political
agendas I have no desire to push a
political agenda whatsoever
I don't care I'm no interest no desire
so I think that all offensive ideas
should be spoken about so pedophilia
incest Ku Klux Klan Nazism ethno states
all of that [ __ ] communism whatever the
[ __ ] all of these ideas should be up for
discussion I'm okay with that and I'm
okay with people providing a platform to
discuss these ideas the ideas don't
bother me it's just engaging in
disinformation or misinformation or
reckless like reckless reporting that is
like horrendously disingenuous like
repeatedly over and over again like
people make mistakes I understand that
but like when you do it over and over
and over again like these are the people
that like I don't think should ever have
a platform it's like Ian Chong is an
easy one he would be on the chopping
block
Blair White would be on the chopping
block Lauren southern would be on the
chopping block yeah yeah I don't have a
I don't have name drop too many people
um but the reason I specifically think
of Ruben instantly is because he really
really interviews a lot of people who
are far to the alt-right uh-huh and even
further so and I feel like platforming
those people and giving them just
basically a softball interview to pitch
their platform I feel like really does a
disservice to everybody that's watching
I don't I don't hear that I mean II it
gets the ideas out there even if you
might find them offensive or horrible I
just get say these I mean do you make
all softball interviews illegal than
their well no not at all but I mean
isn't that isn't that your point though
cuz isn't that sort of fake news on on
steroids no I don't think so the
pinnacle of that
well like so here's a question if you
want to go after people that give
softball interviews to extremists what
about somebody that has a channel where
they interview like contra points or the
interview I'm Sean and genic somebody
and they give them all softball
questions would that be no that I feel
like that's entirely different if your
channel give me some Lauer's pls very
clearly a stilted slant you know you're
just an interview channel but Dave Rubin
I don't feel like is presented as such
it's presented as the marketplace of
ideas which are very clearly isn't yeah
maybe I like to focus on I like to focus
on fake news because I can do a hard
lying objective like this is [ __ ]
you're screenshotting article headlines
you have no [ __ ] idea what you're
talking about
like you're lucky you're lying through
your teeth that's easy to target saying
somebody like dave rubin disingenuously
disingenuously presents his politics i
feel like that line is a lot harder to
walk yeah maybe so maybe so if there was
like a nice easy way to do it maybe but
even on my thing there's not a nice easy
way to do it you know so I'm not sure
well I feel like if you set the bar high
enough I mean obviously your examples
her get too broad of a net but yeah I
feel like a bar could be set high enough
that it's really hard to hit but people
could hit it maybe I don't know if you
if you keep spreading just
disinformation out there but mainly I'm
tree care ease about the platforming
though like why thanks for streaming
their platform to talk to people and
wait what's right show me show buddy
wait can you say thanks oh so okay so
when you say Warsi doesn't or easy
responsibly platform people should heed
not be allowed to carry on that platform
or oh no Andy can Annie comply from
every once I just don't like the didn't
acknowledge the reality of it I mean if
he I don't think she believes any moral
issue yeah true one is divine revelation
one is the revealed truth and one is a
relative social service in your word so
I would say that that whether
inclusion there that I had sure
you're really forward without you mr.
min huh
no I'm just hanging out a good time I'm
having a great time why are you having a
good time oh yeah it's pretty dank buddy
but if there's who like sticks out to
you the most of everybody that you've
debated I can't possibly pick that I
don't know there's a list I can make
like a tier list so like s tier oh yeah
retardation that would be the Brittany
girl that would be talk of trucks that
would be [ __ ]
those Jesus Andy was a [ __ ] huh much
love fam thanks anyways those those guys
are the S tier idiots I consider these
guy may be dank EULA goes up there or
Den Kudo Thank You Allah whatever is
[Music]
yeah those are the guys so these dang
killers up there with Brittany venti and
so these guys are people that I consider
beyond reason they are just so
absolutely stupid that they're incapable
of engaging in conversation about
anything more complicated than like what
do they wanted their cheeseburger like
these guys are way too [ __ ] stupid to
have any of these types of conversations
but not only that the reason why they
make the S tier list is because they're
also smug as [ __ ] about their ignorance
they're really smug Brittany is very
haughty very smug did I put a in on that
list
Ian goes on the list - Ian is very smug
very haughty very stupid talk--i very
smug very stupid did you guys catch when
he was shouting I know the David card
study it was the Borja study like he's
didn't even know these words mean he's
just like throwing random [ __ ] and
seeing like what sticks into a wall
Tonka trucks Britney and then dank EULA
like laughing at me when he's like would
you sue the press if they slandered you
like I'm not the president dude like
that guy those four and then Ian yeah
Ian goes there yeah those guys are STR
retards I think do you think there's any
way you could reach people like that
maybe but yeah but I would it would
require me to change my rhetoric in ways
that I don't want to well no no no I
don't mean you specifically I just mean
in general like you think saying oh yeah
they're retards you communicate with
retards like you would another [ __ ]
sure you tell them stories narratives
you what you would do is you were trying
to sell these you would try to sell
ideas to these people using narratives
because that's like [ __ ]
friendly-like eighty-eight friendly
political you know political tooling or
whatever like manipulation for instance
there was a [ __ ] we read about this
timestream a while ago there was a
psychological there was like a psych
surveyor or super report or whatever or
a study where they what they did was
they polled people about certain values
right certain values that you might have
and people would have negative to
positive reaction to what they would do
is they would create a story i think
they would either read i think they read
a story where the main character
exhibited some of these values anytime
you read this story where the main
character exhibited some of these values
you considered negative you would have
less of a negative idea of these values
when you were surveyed after reading the
story like you could you can use like a
protagonist to sell like morally
unfavorable characteristics to an
audience does that make sense that what
i'm saying yeah something yeah yeah
anecdote yeah sure like there's probably
a lot of people would say well selling
drugs is always wrong but then if they
watch all five seasons of Breaking Bad
maybe they're like well you know I could
definitely see some totally legitimate
scenarios we should sell drugs you know
like they you know because they've got
like a protagonist they can identify
with right this is how dumb people get
foster new ideas somebody tells them a
story um it's kind of like Inception you
plant the idea along with the story they
read they protagonist I understand him
and then that protagonist carries with
them you know some sort of moral or
value that the person might not have
been so keen to consider before but
after this story oh yeah he had that
thing and it wasn't that bad I kind of
liked that yeah it's not as bad as I
thought it was this would be how you
would sell people like Tonka or Britney
Orion or thank you like this is how you
would sell them more complicated or more
nuanced political ideas you would have
to find a way to sell it to them in a
narrative that they can understand right
right so you'd have to you have to root
like the free shoes like um like the
ethical child porn are the ethical CP
yeah is there any way you could
narrative Li frame that yes sure yeah
easily yeah if we wanted to make make
some some we want to make some [ __ ]
our story up sure
what will we do so so one you would have
to present like a clear and present
danger okay so let's say okay well I
knew his psyche I knew a friend okay but
this guy was a PhD psychologist is where
I got the idea from a PhD psychologist
so he was telling this crazes amazing
story okay
so he knew a guy I'm not gonna say his
name obviously because it's bad but
we'll call him John right this guy had
been stalking this kid like every single
day after school and this guy was gonna
[ __ ] rape this kid it was the worst
thing ever he was legitimately pedophile
child abuser it was horrible he had
leave these plans drew up and everything
it was the worst thing ever
however in the city they were in they
put out a bulletin that they were doing
a study on new ways to treat pedophiles
where they were making child porn
available to them in order to treat them
and this pedophile actually caught wind
of that study it was like by total
coincidence don't I remember if he saw
like an ad on in a newspaper or some
[ __ ] but he caught one of the study and
contacted the dude and the guy actually
came in for therapy and as part of the
therapy he actually during his
counseling revealed to the psychologist
that he was like two days away from
raping this kid at the school that [ __ ]
is crazy to me I can't believe he was
about to rape the dude and he came in
they did the study and then supposedly
today because as part of the study
conditions they have to continue to
check in he hasn't abused a kid that
kind of [ __ ] is really cool to me right
this is the way that you would sell this
to a to a [ __ ] [ __ ] right because
if they hear this story well now they're
like oh [ __ ] like well now now that I
know the story like oh well yeah that
kid was gonna get dick kid we couldn't
get raped indica and the guy made him
stop well I you know dekhti maybe that's
a really good idea right now now all of
a sudden it's a lot more palatable
because you've got a narrative that you
can tie the value to right now yeah that
makes sense so you would sort of push
that as like the front line if I was
interested in yeah if I was interested
in political narrative yeah oh yeah in
general yeah if you want to bring people
to your site in general selling it via
narrative is probably the best approach
the best rhetorical approach yeah did
you ever see the debate I had with that
one lady we're halfway through the
debate I realized that we were never
going to agree and I just started making
up stories oh yeah and you always had
one more person in your yeah I had a
girl that was gonna go to the Olympics
that did it yeah and she by the end of
that debate she started to agree with me
like she became much more agreeable
after I told story after story after
story yeah it's it people are really a
bummer sometimes I [ __ ] hate people
yeah yeah I just every one of you you
know you have so much faith in them and
the redemption arcs and all that stuff
and they all just fall I just can't
believe it like I feel like the JAF
stuff really could have been encapsulate
to the hypocrisy perfectly yeah like
