okay man what do we want to talk about
today let me just start off with a
generic life advice tip for you okay
here's a here's a real talk life advice
tip okay if you um people that spend all
of their time hating other people it's
not a healthy activity to be engaged in
I think it speaks to like the confidence
of a person when they spend all of their
time like constantly [ __ ] on other
people makes me wonder like what that
person has on their own I'm speaking in
general to like circle-jerk communities
or people that obsess over hating
individual people
so like the Bieber squad and everything
coolant if what can I hate like certain
types of people okay we're gonna watch
this clip two times alright we're gonna
get a different experience each time
here we go what this is such a dumb
comment
who cares if subs or kids are not money
is money you think the money matters
because I'm a 15 year old versus a 25
year old what a dumb comment what he's
so [ __ ] stupid nah I don't actually
good a destiny there that's [ __ ]
stupid you care because if your soda
which he puts some on a bunch of times
if you have a horde of kids that come
because a fortnight and I'll sub like
twitch Prime and it all sub the loser
somehow becomes completely cancer and
your entire environment and channel
becomes garbage so that's me talk to you
okay moving on okay let's watch this in
full-screen mode now let's see what kind
of environment this gentlemen's chat is
without kids I guess
ain't good for you like who gives a [ __ ]
how many subs they have their [ __ ]
kids are they not like we're playing for
tonight I'm gonna make it these gonna if
he if Logan Paul or what this is such a
dumb comment who cares if subs or kids
or not the money is money do you think
the money matters because I'm a 15 year
old versus a 25 year old what a dumb
comment wow he's so [ __ ] stupid nah I
don't actually agree with this neither
that's [ __ ] stupid you care because
if your soda which he puts some note a
bunch of times if you have a horde of
kids that come because a fortnight and a
sub like twitch Prime and it all sub the
loser somehow becomes completely cancer
and your entire environment and channel
becomes garbage so that's me
[ __ ] you okay so first of all where are
all of these huge twitch streamers with
really good twitch chats can somebody
can somebody find me is it it was not
rec full it sure as [ __ ] isn't forzen
it's not [ __ ] sodapoppin I'm not
making fun of these streamers saying
these guys are bad streamers because
they're chats suck understand in general
twitch chat is pretty [ __ ] cancerous
like this idea that I don't want kids
subscribing to my channel because of I
don't want kids subscribing to my
channel because it'll ruin the quality
of my chat now when you're making this
argument you have to be understanding
that you're reaching really [ __ ] hard
like if you're reaching really hard
there might be like a select few chats
on on Twitch that aren't garbage here
but I mean in general the larger streams
especially like the type of people that
are showing up on live stream fails that
QR the xqc [ __ ] the soda pop ins the
rec falls the Greek got exes the four
isms the ice Poseidon's like these chats
tend to be pretty [ __ ] cancerous
usually it's a ton of [ __ ] emote spam
right so one this isn't an intrinsically
bad thing if that's what you want if you
want people some emotes this stuff
that's gold - even if kids do subscribe
you can still bend them they [ __ ] up
your chat it's not hard to do if
somebody is making problems in your chat
you just bend them
whether they're a kid or not a kid okay
so this is the first thing okay now for
some reason like it's hard to pick out
like how many people are making like
genuine arguments versus how many people
are just don't like kids I'm just not
really sure
like I don't okay so let me let me make
another life advice statement okay just
because somebody's older than somebody
else doesn't make them better than that
other person makes it's different but
not better now for some reason a lot of
people circle-jerk over average age of
an audience now if I had to wager a
guess I would probably guess that my
audience is one of the oldest on Twitch
just because of the nature of the topics
that we deal with here now I could be
wrong but I'm willing to bet that
somebody that will entertain the
philosophical merits of veganism is
probably going to be somebody that's
older than somebody likes to spam
tryhard every time a bucket of KFC shows
up on stream now I could be wrong but
I'm pretty confident that my audience is
older in general than at least the drama
streamers could be wrong I'm pretty sure
I'm not
that being said okay you're being
disingenuous destiny you have even
preached curating a community in the
past and now you say it doesn't matter I
never said it doesn't matter okay take a
deep breath I know you're real pean to
get on that [ __ ] Logan or Jake Paul
hate train I don't know what the [ __ ]
the guy's name is I know you're real big
together okay take a deep breath okay
just because one audience member is
older or younger doesn't necessarily
make them better than then another
audience member it just means that
they're capable of different things okay
yeah that's that's it so for instance if
I have if I have an audience full of
older people it's easier to have
political or philosophical conversations
five an audience of younger people it's
probably easier to be more focused on
video games right
neither of these arguments or towards
say drama related things it probably is
better with younger people although I
don't even necessarily know if that's
true and because everybody [ __ ] loves
drama and gossip that's just like a fact
of life that you learn once you get out
of high school or college so yeah so
with that out of the way okay I don't
even know your argument isn't consistent
I don't know what you're talking about
you're keen to jump to concluding like I
believe something okay you're being just
have you ever peed you've preached
carrying a commune of the past and now
you see to the matter okay hold on link
me something where I just said that
curating a community doesn't matter I
can't tell what the [ __ ] you're even
typing about okay so well you figured
that out curating a community of course
that matters so you've you figure that
out and then you let me know when I say
that so do you think there's a
difference in ability to convert viewers
to revenue based on age so this is the
thing that's confusing me a lot well I
say it's confusing but then I'm going to
give the explanation for why I believe
people view this we think this way
because I don't think it's actually that
confusing Oh God some of these comments
are painfully [ __ ] stupid oh I don't
know should endowment people okay so
people are saying that if somebody
subscribes to you and they're a kid that
it's a bad business decision now this is
a comment that I'm seeing pop up a lot
now on its head that comment is [ __ ]
stupid okay so I'm gonna try to guess
what's going on underneath here okay
because that comment is demonstrably
[ __ ] stupid kids are bad subs because
why because they have no money because
they have no disposable income you mean
the kids that have the Xbox's and the
Playstations and the video games these
kids have no money as opposed to what a
broke college kid as opposed to what
like an adult that only maybe PC games
like I mean like you have tons of
different demographic
six of people from which you can extract
money from kids are definitely people
that you can make money off of now
does there is a disposable income come
through the form of allowances or shitty
jobs or their parents just buying ship
um sure but as I said earlier I will
continue to defend this comment money is
money whether or not a kid has a parent
buy a subscription or as a parent buy
them a Minecon pass or a Minecraft shirt
or has a parent buy them a certain game
or as a parent gives them money to
donate to a stream it doesn't really
matter you can monetize children you
just can like this is inarguable
children buy merchandise children make
up a huge demographic of gamers children
watch advertisements because they don't
add a block as much as older people so
like I don't understand this so just on
its head the idea that children are bad
make for bad subs in a business sense is
really [ __ ] stupid
okay so die has spoken a lot in the past
but kids donating and parents contacting
him to get their money back
okay sure I guess that's like an added
thing at first of all I doubt that this
has happened to soda a [ __ ] ton I'm sure
it's happened a couple times I mean I
get people that out that at the due
chargebacks for me or asking me for
their money back should I stop accepting
all donations because some people ask
for their money back it doesn't make any
sense right like now if sodas like I've
had hundreds of people contact me trying
to get you know my money back
then maybe sure at that point it's not
worth it now I would argue that um I
would our soda values his chat culture
what's wrong with this the problem is
don't make a [ __ ] argument I don't
understand why this is so hard for
people to accept it understand all I
want is for you to not [ __ ] lie to me
and lie to yourself when you're making
an argument if somebody would it get out
and say listen I don't really want to
stream this type of game because I think
the audience I would guardar wouldn't
contribute well to an environment that I
want to create that's totally valid dude
if that's your argument that's totally
valid I don't want these types of people
in my chat I make that decision a lot if
that's what you want to do that's
totally fine but don't come here and be
like well it's a bad business decision
could sometimes
judge Begley dude children are a massive
demographic in the gamer market I'm
sorry if that makes you uncomfortable
but let's not all sit here and pretend
this sounds like sin that somebody would
make fun of me for pretend that gamers
are this enlightened core a [ __ ] stem
graduate like PhD holders words like wow
we don't associate with kids he says as
he spams KFC bucket Snickers and try
hard every single time somebody mentions
stealing something on a video game like
come on dude
all right we are we being real now like
children are a massive demographic of
gamers there's nothing wrong with
appealing to those audiences of people
there are certain spots and in YouTube
who's the mix tabby guy [ __ ] I don't
remember there are tons of youtubers
that make livings what's the name of it
got [ __ ] there are so many of these
people that make livings with younger
audiences [ __ ] who's the guy it's like
it's not mix tabby it's like Mick oh god
what the [ __ ] is this guy's name Nathan
you so watch the student who's younger
Oh stampy there are these people this
guy is booked at 9 million [ __ ] subs
9 million subs if we watch this guy's
videos what do you think his audiences
hello this is stampy and welcome to a
minecraft let's play video and another
video inside of stampy's lovely world
today in this video i am going to be
joined by lee bear good morning Lee
there you know what I miss you coming
out of the painting I know you normally
do but the last year episodes you've
surprised me on the earth the balcony
even though it's nice I think we should
do a traditional liebe emerging from the
what do you think the average ages of
the viewer here this guy's got 9 million
subs ok when you have like Tyler 1
screaming into his [ __ ] microphone
this isn't attracting like our you know
like the brightest minds of today you
know people with advanced mechanical and
nuclear engineering degrees are turning
on doctor disrespect to watch him scream
about how he's the two-timing champ
the [ __ ] universe in 1994 99 like hey
when people watch for Zim and spam
Uganda warrior Wakanda Uganda Wakanda
whatever these people are not the
appetite okay I'm sorry I just want to
get that out of the way because I don't
understand these comments because
everybody seems to be making comments
about how like it's a bad business
decision about having children watching
your stream it's not I don't know why
people think this this is a bullshit-ass
argument now there might be other
arguments like and people keep putting
all of this like all of this really dumb
advice just because there's a larger
demographic of one group it does not
mean it's a good business move just
because the group is bigger in quantity
that's like marketing in a nutshell this
fantasy where we're all pretending that
children aren't a massive mover in the
gaming audience is hilarious now I know
that gamers in general we like to think
of ourselves I'm not even gonna say
ourselves I'm gonna myself part of your
group yeah they're [ __ ] [ __ ]
gamers like to think of themselves as
this and this is like the general vibe
that I get from a lot of reading these
covers that gamers are these really
[ __ ] high opinions of themselves like
average IQ you know 125 average income
140,000 a year you know average life
status you know college graduate holding
down full-time work average marital
status married with two children like
what wait what the [ __ ] do you think the
average gamer is like [ __ ] calm down
dude business is complicated
destiny taking Wow occur Eddie thanks
for subscribing I hope you're over 18
otherwise you're a subhuman piece of
[ __ ] business is complicated
destiny taking one aspect raw income and
holding another pedestal is ignorant
money is money growth branding
sustainability those are more important
to a channel than a week or two a big
paycheck
okay how about growth how about
cultivating fans that are younger that
will grow into being older fans that's a
way to grow isn't it branding Wow
remember all those huge wouldn't it be
crazy wouldn't it be just wouldn't it be
insane okay now this would be like this
would be funny okay I don't think I
could find this because it would be like
a slam dunk argument right but would it
be funny if the largest [ __ ] youtuber
in the world
I had an audience of children would that
be like wouldn't that be crazy if hey
guys wouldn't it be crazy if the largest
youtuber in the world a guy that is
worth probably eight or nine figures
maybe wouldn't it be crazy if his
audience was probably primarily children
based on a lot of his earlier videos
like but or are we gonna pretend that
the average age of a PewDiePie viewer is
like 37 years old like we're like we're
literally competing for Fox News with
with oldest age like come on
sustainability I like I love the I love
the business advice of all like the
[ __ ] randoms I'll eat the downright 6
I understand we need to [ __ ] on Jake
Paul but like you should add a +18
button on your sub that kept me out of
porn websites for six or seven why yes
RM thanks buddy
you hit the nail ahead that's no excuse
to see or acknowledge the bigger picture
that's the bigger picture here
what's it having kids will like destroy
your brand like oh god like yesterday
did you see that they they released the
quarterly updates on live stream fails
when they took the average age of all
the subscribers of the different
streamers did you see that pewdiepie are
forsen or whatever it came in at average
age of a 17 point two years old his
business is doomed
like um take ninja for example last week
he lost 10,000 subs in a day due to his
sudden twitch prime growth oh no the guy
that grew to 250 thousand subs lost
10,000 subs in a day this is the same
type of dumbass [ __ ] reader that
reads a report about how um Zuckerberg
lost two billion dollars overnight
because Facebook stock is like going
down and they think that he lost a
significant amount of money like what
the [ __ ]
naturally twitch Prime doesn't
auto-renew and it's up to the user to do
so manually therefore you have to
constantly pimp out twitch Prime as
opposed to your regular subs it's just
not sustainable
talking about my sweat okay the reason
why I'm bothered by this is because this
guy is being incredibly snarky and
clearly doesn't understand the industry
at all he has no idea what the [ __ ] he's
talking about why not go to some actual
large streamers and ask them how is
twitch Prime impacted your revenue how
sustainable is twitch prime revenue now
I know that mine is probably larger than
most because I've got an off stream an
off stream subscriber base but I'm
pretty sure like 80% of my subscribers
have been twitch Prime subs for 214
years now you have to remind them what
now exactly you have to constantly pimp
out twitch Prime as opposed to your
regular subs welcome to being
self-employed dog you have to constantly
pimp out and market yourself in order to
make money that's the nature of being a
1099 employ that's the nature of being a
contractor that's the nature of being
self-employed you don't show up every
day at work and collect a paycheck now
that I'm [ __ ] on that work now that
there's anything wrong with it but when
you're self-employed you have to
constantly work for your money now if
you're not pimping out your your to your
twitch subs you're pimping out your
normal so if you're not ready to prime
subs you're pimping out your normal subs
you're pimping out your donations you're
pimping out your merchandise you're
pimping out whatever sponsors you're
working with you're pimping out whatever
activations you're doing for games
you're playing you're pimping any other
number of things
you're constantly pimping out as a
streamer what is this idea that pimping
out prime subs is like the worst thing
in the world like okay it's just not
sustainable sure you have a good month
financial but there's no guarantee the
rest of your months will be consistent
welcome to self-employment income there
is no guarantee that any of your income
will be so consistent this is the nature
of being self-employed and the nature of
streaming there's never a guarantee that
your income is consistent as a full-time
streamer destiny should know that his
ultimate goal should be to maintain a
consistent stream sure why can't
promoting prime subs be a consistent
part of my stream soda makes a value
pool point as he's already acknowledged
his community could be a bit iffy but
throwing a few thousand Logan Paul 10
year old fans into the mix with access
to moms Amazon Prime account is just
asking for trouble it's going to divide
your community why why does it have to
if somebody is [ __ ] up chat just
[ __ ] ban them then being a kid like
again like and I underst
no I'm sorry I know a lot of you really
upset because I'm reaching but I have to
reach to figure out what drives these
comments because it's not business sense
because everything being said here from
a business point of view is demonstrable
