hey what's up hey man how you doing I'm
doing great how are you doing I'm
[ __ ] exhausted to be honest we oh can
I swear on twitch because we can't swear
on YouTube anymore you can swear just no
racial slurs or any of that crazy bro
showlist stuff I know you guys are so
[ __ ] up but um no as long as you don't
have anyway that's by the way if you
branded my show somehow it's using a
bunch of Rachel I'm just not sure don't
worry don't worry it's brilliant
out of the gate movie I wouldn't I would
never do that to you guys yeah no but
it's like as long as he's like no racial
slurs anything like that like we're fine
I wouldn't expect you to be honest
generally I don't are we live now yeah
I'm live on my channel now hi everybody
alright so I'm a big fan of yours we've
almost talked in the past but then I
think we just kind of missed connecting
a while I'm generally a pretty big fan
of what goes on with your show and
everything you and Sam cedar talked
about I think my favorite conversation
I've heard of you is you on a sargon of
akkad the regressive left that
conversation was a lot of fun and yeah
so you're here today probably because a
lot of Mutual's are poking the [ __ ] of
you guys cuz a lot of people get mad at
my Twitter stuff and somehow we ended up
on discussing the TPP dry imagine will
broaden out to our general ideas about
like neoliberalism or protectionist
trade policy or something around those
lines I guess yeah I mean just sort of
that I also just wanna I'm just curious
I mean you I'm assuming do you have like
familiarity with my work on both shows
oh maybe maybe tmv ESMA I be a little
bit more where there's like some sort of
more clear divergences possibly just in
terms of topic selection I I'm familiar
with you because I get linked a bunch of
stuff but I mean I'm sure you know it's
impossible to listen I like to keep up
with anybody else how much time yeah but
like I mean my general idea of you is
that you would be like like a I think a
Democratic Socialist at least like
somebody left leaning more than like a
sock dumb and that all of your views
kind of line up where I would expect to
for that like anti-imperialist
pro-worker stuff like that yeah I mean
you know
and me and maybe you know if this is
productive maybe we'll have more
conversation slash debates or whatever
because I let me just say how I kind of
perceive like why we're here two and one
is that my impression of you has
definitely you know definitely been
positive and we've had and it's been
funny because it's been Mutual's who
several months ago we're like oh yeah
like you guys are both great and you
know you'll have some disagreements but
you guys should team up to the destroy
explore Z person and in the last couple
of weeks and like you got a like you
know hold this guy in check or whatever
and I guess sort of honestly trying to
figure out is so I feel like there's
three things going on with like with
with with what you're putting out I'm
trying to think of because I'm just a
diary neutral way of saying it so like
one is I think that you do are reacting
to certain annoying social media habits
that you might associate with a certain
ideological tendency right and so for me
first of all I think that that is true
of every single ideological tendency oh
yeah I think it's the problem of social
media it's a problem of kind of brands
creation and maybe we could have some
ideas together some strategies for
generally making that whole environment
better but I'm just not terribly
interested you know in those kind of
arguments I guess partially because I
mean to be honest partially one is
because some one of the things I do and
I don't really cover the much stuff like
that but to some extent on TPMS like
there is a little bit of like you know
hey guys let's actually you know let's
be more strategic and more thoughtful
about how we promote you know the
politics we want essentially let's be a
little bit more thoughtful about
reaching a broader audience right so
even like what you said before
pro-worker an anti-imperialist
100% and then there's like you know
there
like a certain type of life like trivial
discourse version of that which I
wouldn't want to be associated with just
like I'm sure you wouldn't want to be
associated with like some totally
brain-dead you know like oh like some
economist said it so it has to be true
or you know some type of like IDW like
adjacent just sort of like you know a
historical nerdery so you know I feel
like so but part of what I feel like is
going on is that you are maybe you're
reacting is some things that can be
frustrating can't even be misleading at
times but maybe you're falling into and
this is a danger that we all get into I
know no doubt I do this on Twitter but
like you know someone like Nate silver
like Nate silver is doing that same
thing for a different team right like
he's very shake on his Pole methodology
right now he's extremely ideologically
motivated and he's got an axe to grind
against certain you know one particular
candidate happens to be Bernie Sanders
but I mean I just I'll just end in a
second but I just want to say as an
example I'm someone who said out of the
gate if you asked me I'd illogically and
programmatically what do I think of Joe
Biden I am you know his absolute
ideological opposite but I also think
that a lot of people underestimate being
the resiliency of his appeal so we
shouldn't confuse objective and
subjective is what I'm trying to say
yeah I think I agree one thanks yeah
okay yeah so and then I'd like the next
before three just to respond really
quickly so yeah definitely I react to
positions that people tell you on social
media I think it's somewhat
understandable considering that's kind
of my life exists in this space I do
agree that you have to be careful that
reacting to social media or reacting to
toxic fan bases is one thing but you
can't let your reactions to find your
ideology and that it even though it
doesn't come off that way sometime like
that is I'm very mindful of that I'm
like yeah it's not like like I'm sure
you've heard the person like you know I
used to be in favor of Democrats or
something but then I heard this one guy
was an sjw and now I'm literally
anti-immigration anti-black that was
like what yeah I would never let up I
don't like people knowing person trying
to like you know cancel Dave
Chappell and now it's kidnapping
children yeah or letting him die at the
border yeah so yeah I trying to find my
my personal beliefs like I'm Pro
universal healthcare I'm Pro immigration
I'm Pro you know LGBT rights yeah so
yeah so sometimes I think people get
that impression of me that I'll get
really annoyed with certain progressives
on Twitter because those tend to be the
loudest right now especially the chapo
traphouse flavor of like lefty kind of
people but that yeah but it's a little
annoying when I react to people like
this and then I get the oh well now
you're conservative and it's like I
don't think that's how that works but
okay well I don't think yeah and I don't
read you as a conservative but as I say
I you know I I did mention Nate Silver
because I do think you are potentially
like and I just want you know I have to
just do the disclaimer that when you say
chapo like obviously you know I'm
friendly with some of the guys on the
show it's a very diverse fanbase and
their content which I don't keep up with
all of it because we can't keep up all
content so that's just the truth but
they're smart guys and everything else
yeah that's why I be very clear I'm only
referring to the subreddit not the
actual some of these areas like yeah
this is one of the reason I said like
you know kind of to avoid social media
drama cuz it's like I don't know for
sure I'm not on subreddits yeah not
that's not dead I mean in fact if one of
the like subliminal messages of my show
in particular is like you know let's
bring this into real [ __ ]
that's one of the reasons I really put
my ur Bernie Sanders and campaign so
much right I think regardless of where
you fall on the policy set that is a
serious presidential campaign of really
committed people who have serious
visions across the board yeah kitchen
table Hobbs right yeah
kitchen table but also global and even
also you know on civil rights right like
it's it's but it's a policy set yeah and
it's a you know it's a serious effort so
the next two things that I think are
like okay and then maybe you know and
this could lead into trade uh-huh is one
is like are you saying at times like
well actually let me let me stick with
the flowing out of this sort of like
reaction economy are you saying like
when when you appeal when you tell
people like the you know such and such
policy isn't as popular as you may think
as an example are you suggesting that
like I guess there's this is where it
gets really complicated I just want to
be clear with you and I'm sorry that I'm
fumbling here yes are you saying that a
I like do you actually support let's
just get to TPP
do you support TPP as it is currently
constituted and written with no
modifications no changes no
understanding of the subtleties of the
problems which we can get into or are
you saying hey people who are laymen
should just outsource their opinions to
so-called experts so like if certain
economists say it's a good deal we
should do it or three are you saying you
guys don't understand how popular this
is with the general public because those
are three really different positions so
I just want to be kind of cleared
generally of what I'm sort of you know
where you're coming from yeah well let
me write these donut losing track of
these okay so just kind of like
disentangling a couple of these and I'm
looking at some of these so when so
sometimes I talk about things where I
say this policy isn't as popular as you
may think and people hear me say that
and they might think like oh well you
hate universal health care or something
so something that I pushed back on a lot
and this is kind of like a frustration
that I had an in 2016 my biggest
frustration with the with the Bernie
math or whatever like that type of
thinking wasn't that like I hate Bernie
and I hate Bernie bros and you know
Hillary's the queen is gonna take over
it was more just like hey I don't think
we have a realistic assessment of where
the electorate is right now and man it's
gonna be real shocking when you know our
candidate gets steamrolled because
nobody knows what's going on and
sometimes I see people get a little bit
too lost and their own Circle Jerks
where they say things like Oh Medicare
for all with all private insurance
removed that's like 88% popular with the
American people and it's like I don't
think that's true I don't think that's
true at all I think that removing
private insurance when you're going to
cover like vision
Dental you're gonna get a lot of
pushback on that and that's something to
consider not saying that I don't approve
of that obviously single-payer or multi
payer would be infinitely better than
what we have now but I think it's good
to be kind of aware of where the general
opinions are for these types of issues
second so do you think so okay so that
but that's interesting right because and
I don't want to retread ground you did
with Mike yesterday sure and it's
honestly I watched some of it and I mean
Mike and I read of the electorate based
off of the empirical data and what I've
been saying for years like this is
something you could definitely see any
number of videos where as an example
I'll say okay guys like there's sort of
three facets of the electorate and one
is that so-called moderate voters or the
absolute opposite of what your average
pundit will call them on CNN right
that's empirically true so-called
moderate voters I'm sure are probably
somewhere to the right of you and me on
so-called
social issues and they are very much in
the ballpark on economic issues whether
we're talking about trade or wage
increases and then there's a middle
circle in politics which makes these
debates really hard but it's inescapable
which does have to do with like yes how
you ask a question in a poll does matter
if you polled people and you say
government is going to take care of it
your tax increases will be lower than
your premiums and every single thing is
covered with no [ __ ] and all of the
most successful programs in the world do
this yes it does have off-the-charts
approval ratings if you go to them and
you say it's gonna take away your health
care plan and you know we don't know
what replaces it next yes that's going
to freak people out and change the
results so I feel like the debate like
pointing out how a poll number is it how
poll question is phrased is really only
useful if you are either debunking a
pure partisan talking point or you're
trying to devise a campaign strategy
like I think for conversations like this
if you and I both generally agree that
like say all things being equal there's
consistent trend that shows most
Democrats support single-payer there's a
plurality of Independence and a
surprising amount of Republicans and the
reason that you might want to not just
have it be pure single-payer has
actually did more to do with actual
policy issues and the efficacy at the
implementation which I'm happy to get to
some other time but that's a different
question then the then the polling yeah
I agree so could we cut yeah on the same
degree that I just think it's I think
it's good to have an understanding of
where people are so that you don't get
too lost so like for instance because
because anytime I have a conversation I
scream if I say something that's wrong
I'm gonna get twenty people emailing me
like why and one of the impressions that
I'd had and just because I don't
research every single point I'm talking
about sometimes I take things for
granted I've heard this a lot I kind of
assume for instance like Oh a lot of
Americans hate their health care I mean
our health care outcomes are worse than
other countries I know that we spend
more on health care than any other
country well I know that so it makes
sense to me that Americans hate their
health care but then I get linked to a
whole bunch of like kff health pulling
and stuff and it's like oh [ __ ] eighty
percent of Americans are hyper the
private insurance I had no idea about
any of this and now it's like oh [ __ ]
like maybe I need to reconsider like how
the average person views an issue
because as part of my job is like like a
public you know speaker is to understand
how people engage with these issues
rather than just kind of preaching to an
audience that already agrees with
everything I say yeah and I think that
that's a really good instinct and I
think in general you know again I think
it's a part of the problem of the
economy of social media is that reaction
cycle now the dialectic of it is on the
other hand people put out a huge amount
of lies and [ __ ] you know and it's
good to call them on it so you know but
I guess generally what I'm so even like
if you framed it you know and I'm not
telling you what to say obviously but I
do think honestly like if I'm
understanding correctly out of this
conversation this would get a radically
different reaction from probably like
90% of the people you're dealing with
and then maybe the people that would
still go at you or just like you know
whatever [ __ ] them right sure if you
said like you know what I think that yes
if you pay
if you polled us in any way fairly
medicare-for-all is actually the most
popular option that we have that is polo
ball however if you you know inject
other variables into it it could scare
people because as an example and this is
actually to me is another great reason
for having Medicare for all like yes
Americans are [ __ ] petrified about
anything happening to their health care
I mean that's one of the reasons that
john delaney really did disgust people
so much right is because he was
distorting the policy efficacy and
really misleading people on the
technocratic aspect on the technical
aspects of it but he's cueing people's
terror about their health care which is
totally justified and i can tell you as
somebody who like i think years without
health care i've seen people struggle
with various forms of this and that um
so if you said like this is the right
policy in so far as i could see it does
pull well and but let's also be really
thoughtful on the horizon about how it's
gonna be propagandized and campaigned
against not be complacent you know
that's just an absolutely correct and
true statement and anybody that would
object to that mm-hmm would be being
ridiculous
i think the objection is when it's like
oh now it's you know it is it so again
that's why using a silver example it's
like oh wait a second dusty is a smart
guy now he's carrying water for the
opposite propaganda base because you
know to be honest with you it's not as
prevalent today on social media
obviously but there's a whole
infrastructure of john Delaney's who are
giving you the same hysterical
half-truths except they're in fact
promoting a policy that is on net gonna
leave millions of people without health
care or underinsured sure yeah yeah i
don't think i disagree that any of that
you okay do you want to jump in guys so
that's to TPP yeah you asked me a couple
questions I think this is actually I
mean if you're cool that I think this is
useful and we can definitely like I you
know I've got till a little after six
we'll get the TPP but I think this might
be this I think that this I mean cuz
honestly like I'm not you know look like
we can debate and argue and it's fun
it's great
whatever and I've seen you you know
there's some bits of stuff that you know
you've said about Ben Burgess I've
disagreed with there's been some tweets
I don't like whatever but I don't like
I'm not on [ __ ] Israeli TV debating
some like Trump troglodyte like sure I
don't think it's you know what I mean
like it's very I don't think so so I
think it's better to like you know
clarify and make things more effective
and I think even on the healthcare one
that seems like maybe we've moved the
ball a little bit yeah what you said is
like is exactly the point that I've been
echoing that people like Delaney
regardless of whether you think the
attacks are baseless or are
fear-mongering I mean you know another
fear monger were death panels and that
was a huge complaint that was levied
against the you know the ACA the
Obamacare stuff like if you can't handle
that in a primary like what are you
gonna do in the general like these are
absolutely no doubt about that but I
think answer to that would be though is
that that is absolutely a lie sure
so you go out and tweet about it and
talk about it you have to say look John
Delaney is being fundamentally dishonest
here but don't be complacent because
these could be potent talking points and
by the way and that's see this is my
50/50 split this is where I am like
Third Way or whatever because if you
like
I am totally chapo subreddit when it
comes to called John Delaney a liar and
really got him clear about that because
he is absolutely being fundamentally
dishonest I think frankly because I mean
look let's be honest there's worth over
60 million dollars because of his own
money he's making an insurance industry
right like that has to something to
consider now on conversely if somebody
just says no no no all Bernie has to say
is just like Medicare for all and it's
wonderful then they're I mean they're
being idiots even in a Marxist sense
because we know that I mean humanly the
industry might I'd spend like literally
hundreds of billions of dollars to do
what John Delaney did through every
method of communication possible yeah
it's a rink that is clone ham yes so I
think with what but what what would be
awesome you know if that's your position
and you were playing that dual role of
like hey guys like let's get real here
and at the same time of course John
Delaney's
and of course I'm gonna debunk
propaganda I think that would be super
awesome and effective and if somebody
complained to you about that I would be
the first to have your back you know I
mean um with regards to TPP though I
just want to hybrid it with one other
thing sure you're not actually saying
that like okay there's a small amount of
things in the world right like I would
say like okay if somebody's running a
nuclear reactor or something like
literally in the plant although actually
this is a bad example because I just
watched renoble
like I'm not gonna go like I'm not gonna
go in the coach's box for you know Venus
Williams or Rafael Nadal and be like I
got this right like there is there are
certain functions that are highly
technically proficient there's a very
specific role that they play and it
almost is more like it isn't obviously
but it's closer to just like two plus
two equals four when we're talking about
policy and we're talking about something
like trade can we both agree that like
we can't make decisions like that about
something as complicated a multi-faceted
as trade as just saying like well a
certain school of economists say it's
good so it's good to go write it I don't
know what you mean by that
so like if if when you say that if you
mean like just like Pauling like a
single Institute or getting the opinion
of like a single economist I would agree
but if you're taking that farther and
you mean like all of academia
surrounding economy right now is
capitalist like propaganda and we can't
trust any of the that's I'm sorry to
interrupt but that's just that's like
now we're getting in back into the
subreddit
yeah yeah sure but yeah I'm sorry I'm
trying to be really charitable you
because I know that you're not like this
but like this is some of the talking
points I get from a lot of people
they're even like medium sized content
creators will basically come out with
like well all the literature is biased
towards capitalism so of course you
think that this thing is good and it's
like okay well I can't really have any
conversation then because it's not like
I'm doing like my own original research
or publishing my own papers on this
stuff I kind of have to rely on what's
reported but yeah so I mean like there's
actually a really interesting two-step
with that
with trade right like because it is
actually true and and I and I think
these arguments are very tricky because
I like like I can read like I have a
friend and a guest who works at the
Council on Foreign Relations and he's
totally brilliant and I learn a ton from
write and when people say like oh like
you're cooking Marxist but you have
someone from the cioth are on your
sellout
that's just like moronic and actually
missing a lot of like valuable education
about how institutions actually work now
at the same time there is no question
that you are part of a certain like the
foreign policy apparatus in DC and this
is not like conspiratorial this is a
combination of how people have been
trained what you know underlying
assumptions there are there are not that
many boundaries like this is why as an
example actually the Koch brothers
ironically are founding it but there's a
new multi-million dollar think-tank in
DC specifically to house serious
credible scholars and policymakers but
who have like a serious
non-interventionist Lane because that
just literally was not promoted as the
center of any think tank in DC for
decades and there's a variety of reasons
for that like post Cold War politics
donors and funding is definitely part of
it so if you go to most economics and
business department and I think what
people who maybe they're not always
presenting it in the most sophisticated
way but what they're pointing to is like
yes Milton Friedman like we were just
talking about this last night was like
yes his chair was endowed and funded by
you know small multinational
corporations this is a super imperfect
analogy but like I don't know I have I
have like a little over 2500 patrons
right there somewhere almost well I
actually have a handful of conservatives
which is interesting but most of them
are progressive to socialists if I came
out and I started
doing segments on like this is why we
need to enforce intellectual property
provisions of the TPP and you know
actually Medicare is gonna you know face
a funding cliff in 20 years they
probably won't want to fund that so
there is actually an analogy that isn't
really that conspiratorial are
complicated which is like it academia
and other institutions are funded by
people who have self-interest and
ideological viewpoints now it doesn't
mean that you can't produce research but
that that an even really valuable
research but that research exists in a
context right and I and I recognize like
I've seen you debate and I've seen you
get frustrated when it's all the context
man starts to become like the move to
evade everything right like I understand
that frustration but at the same time we
do look like live in the actual world
and that's just like unavoidable you
know it's like I want big donors of
course people's you know like yes that
sheiks policy and institutions has that
affected modern economics yes I mean
that's why the last thing I'll say I
mean Alan Greenspan when he was
questioned after the financial collapse
in 2008 he said oh there was a
fundamental error in my worldview now
that's fascinating right because that
doesn't mean that every single paper he
turned out was wrong technically it
doesn't mean that he got a fraudulent
degree from NYU it means that in his own
words there was a core defect in my
ideological viewpoint so it makes and
when you combine that with the fact that
it as example trade there's tons of
economist including highly credentialed
ones who have opposition to these
agreements so we can't even it's not
even as easy as say like the climate
science where you could say like look
99.9% of these people do agree on
something generally right that's
definitely not that like that on most
issues yeah so I have to agree with that
that everything sits within some greater
cultural context and to pretend that it
doesn't it like it gives you a
horrendously naive analysis of the world
and to draw even more parallels like for
instance like we had a much different
understanding of crying back in the 90s
and that's where a lot of our tough on
crime punished
Malaysia kind of came from - and it's
not like everybody at that time was
lying about crime or hated black people
just the understandings of it and the
frames that we were looking through like
the broken window stuff was just wrong
it just wasn't a good way to accurately
assess the situation now if I'm being
told this by a particular person so I
said this on screen before there are
very very very few people and media that
I trust or care about their opinions for
you and Sam cedar or two of them I
really like your guys's opinion so when
you tell me that I can believe what
you're saying there because I'm trusting
that you're not using that excuse to
just hand away of all of the information
that doesn't agree with you because I
think you'll probably take that into
account anyway I'm hoping that even if
you say like oh you know like there
could be a certain bend ideologically in
academic societies related to econ but
they still probably can give us
something valuable like we can take so
we can glean some information or some
insight there the problems I run into is
a lot of the argument that you're making
and I know this doesn't necessarily
apply to you but a lot of people will
use these in a conspiratorial manner
right like oh well all about kadai Mia
our capitalist hacks and so you can't
trust literally anything
NAFTA destroyed 90% of labor in the
United States you know minimum wage blah
blah blah although jump off of that and
make all these statements where I'm
almost in this this uh this like
conspiratorial world where I can't trust
any source on anything because the claim
of the other person is that everything
is bias and it's like okay like I mean I
can acknowledge that there might be some
bend towards a particular ideology but
that doesn't mean we can just throw
everything out the window we can't have
a real conversation now now it just
comes down to who has like the best
YouTube voice or something in terms of
convincing you whose point is correct
yes so that's an interesting to me
because it's like yeah but that's sense
enough that are ironically a lot of your
concerns that you're raising and and I
think some of them by the way are I hope
people on my side and I hope they're not
getting pissed at me are watching this
and actually seeing a lot of ways in
which the discourse and the approach
could be far more strategic and
effective and welcoming and I'm sorry I
do speak in those terms because I care
about actually winning and acquiring
influence yeah of course but you know
like right so like I know that you know
so yes like so but but yeah so like as
an example when we go to trade and I
just wanted this in not
like jack-in-the-box or anything just
because I think it flows in a
conversation TPP is not really a
primarily like a trade agreement right
like we actually already have a huge
amount of trade with that part of the
world even Paul Krugman who wrote a
column sort of like reluctantly opposing
TPP even though he too was a ardent free
trader was basically like look one
reason I don't really support this is we
basically already have a lot of trade
activity in these parts of the world and
actually in fact the main driver of this
and this is according the leaked
documents and again I'm sorry I'm citing
Krugman pretty intentionally here he's
not my cup of tea but I think you know
we're definitely not talking about a
radical or an anti-capitalist source so
I'm trying to you know plain a you know
you know cite somebody who I think plays
in a larger fields here sure and he was
just like look if you read this this is
basically like the strong interest of
Hollywood and pharmaceutical companies
to get much more serious IP laws in
emerging markets now that may be you
know again if we want it to be really
broad and and charitable in your terms
you could say like okay that might mean
that if you're a video game maker or
some type of content creator in the
Pacific Northwest who has a direct
pipeline to Vietnam or Brunei and you're
gonna lose far less money on bootlegs
the TPP might be a narrowly good deal
for you in the broader context and the
reason that you know there was actually
really serious warnings from nurses
unions and you know very mainstream
institutions of international public
health advocates were like no actually
in order to combat diseases and you know
things like aids and malaria but even to
just like get accessible cancer
medications to poorer people those IP
laws will be horrendous and so you know
that's a value choice obviously I choose
global public health over IP laws right
and that's like what we're debating
we're not debating like some platonic
like you know Kenya has flowers Ireland
has potatoes should they go to each
other on Bo
and trade them like that's not really
how it works you know uh-huh all right
so yeah I mean I don't disagree with you
I think maybe the quibbling will get
over like into like these I guess like
these finer points so like for instance
when you talk about want one common
attack against the TPP is that it
expands pharmaceuticals abilities to
patent drugs in regions of the world
that are going to be threatened by not
having access to this medication but I
mean as far as I was aware the
legislation of the TPP that existed
before it became basically abandoned was
it like it aligned with the I think it's
called the Doha declaration that
basically says I'm like if you are part
of a third world country and you need to
make some generic form of a drug you
can't use the TPP to essentially get
cock-blocked out of having your out of
having a patent prevent you from making
drugs that would save lives so it seems
like a lot of these kind of like fury'
statements aren't necessarily placed in
the best way well that's the interesting
thing because the Doha was round that
was a major fight mm-hmm that was waged
by countries like Brazil because Brazil
under Lula you know you probably know
I'm a big fan of actually did a major
dent on aids partially with generics
sure and there that was a huge
controversy as an example in the late
1990s one of the reasons that the South
African AIDS crisis exploded was that
the Clinton administration put sanctions
and threatened vicious economic policies
on South Africa if they provided cheap
generic alternatives and the only reason
that policy was flipped was that Al Gore
was like publicly humiliated constantly
by AIDS activist while he was running
for president so the Doha round is like
a small incremental victory uh-huh by
the forces and they it covers an
incredibly narrow set of drugs including
with the exception of AIDS drugs a lot
of like there's like this whole there's
a set of like so called tropical drugs
where the problem is that there's no
profit incentive to produce them they
aren't problems that effect developed
countries and the people that need them
don't have money so the pharmaceutical
companies just don't do R&D and say [ __ ]
it so they were happy to concede sure
there's a whole bunch of drugs we don't
profit from that sure you can do
generics we're not even in that business
anyways what the TPP does and the reason
they lobbied for it so aggressively and
the reason that people who hadn't fought
before the small reform of Doha that
didn't really solve the problem
sure Dave snapped into gear because
these things as it was as you know again
from what was leaked it's a it is
objectively not a transparent process
until the very end and I think you and I
would be you know transparent and all
members of Congress transparent that
like none of us have read the whole
agreement sure it's not [ __ ] right
although we could talk about that too I
put that in a note to that that the
complaint about transparency I think I
really miss love it as well but look
healthy quickly so so actually the P
laws that those companies were lobbying
for would apply to a brunch broader set
than the doha is the understanding and
that's why it was a problem so no doha
would not necessarily protect it at all
sure so maybe the Doha declaration
doesn't go far enough but I don't think
that I don't think that having some of
these potential problems is like a
reason to abandon the entire agreement
you mentioned earlier the transparency
thing I don't know if you want to jump
into that well wait I guess I'm here I
guess well I just want to stick on that
a second yeah sure so Joe Biden right
and I'll take him at face value you know
I don't normally do that he said a
couple of days ago then his current
iteration and Hillary Clinton said this
to that as they revisited it they
realized that there was a variety of
problems that needed to be significantly
improved in it for sure so I guess like
abandon it is I'm not
that's just like a generic state like
that doesn't mean anything like abandon
signing right it became to you well so
we don't sign it because it can be
renegotiated because it can be rewritten
to actually reflect how it was sold and
and in fact another thing too that's
really important about these agreements
which you can leave if you want with
transparency I don't think to be honest
with you that's not you're not you're
knocking it like that doesn't exercise
me as much as it exercises other people
but we can get there in a minute but
another thing like you'd have to do
is you know and again is is you'd also
have to make the environmental and labor
side agreements just as enforceable and
sort of aggressively internationally
organized as the ones that actually
protect things like copyrights so sure
let's rewrite the TPP and make it a
higher standard trade deal I I relied
actually don't think I think even
including many Marxists would absolutely
not you know if if more most of the
global poverty that's been really you
know alleviated in the last several
decades I mean it's a lie that it's been
trade and free markets just it's been I
mean most of it is China and China has a
totally government directed highly
intervened highly you know supports its
own industries in ways that like smaller
countries and WTO agreements are not
allowed to do and that is worth noting
but then also even like what the pink
tied countries did in Brazil was take
advantage of a commodity boom to you
know build incredible social safety nets
that lifted seventy million people out
of poverty so sure let's write a better
TPP that you know it protects public
health and I get you know makes it
easier to trade video games or whatever
that's fine char but like when you talk
about like so the TPP had a lot of these
like labor and environmental provisions
in it when we leave those negotiations I
mean usually we can renegotiate it but
all those countries have already signed
on net now that the United States is has
been in that agreement and that we just
aren't part of those negotiations
anymore so if we feel like those are two
different arguments so I just I have a
question for you though yeah sure all
agreements from NAFTA to the Korea trade
agreement they have all had and
Democratic presidents have made a lot of
noise about side let's just fix let's
just say environmental side agreements
right and I mean so and we know about
the investor dispute mechanism sometimes
it goes the corporation's way mostly it
does sometimes it doesn't but we know
that in these agreements there actually
is international adjudication for when a
company says I'm being treated unfairly
they can go to do a bureaucratic process
right we agree with that right yeah the
eyes guess how many environmental cases
have been brought up underneath side
agreements in any of these trade
agreements in the last couple of decades
what do you mean by side agreements like
isds arbitrate Lisa's just the same way
that TPP it specifically has a side
agreement inside the bill but there used
to be called side agreements but it's
functionally the same thing it's that
it's the part that says here all this
nice things will do it to the
environment how many enforceable actions
have been brought into any of these
trade agreements that are the same as
TPP but they're written for say Korea or
Central America or after actually I
don't think CAFTA didn't have a side one
how many I don't think have tat aside
one I need to double-check that how many
of them had environmental enforcement
mechanisms that were brought to bear in
those cases when you say an
environmental enforcement mechanisms you
mean like a specific part of the
agreement that says that like if you
violate this thing by so if in these
agreements just as with some of the
market stuff countries violate these
things all the time or other countries
think they're violating these things all
the time so you know Canada goes to
United States says hey there's a side
environmental agreement in NAFTA you
just built you know 20 new smokestack
plants in Ohio that's gonna cause our
kids you know adds asthma through the
through the you know weather patterns
whatever you know I'm just talking
how many enforcement MEK so just to be
clear we know that there's multiple
enforcement mechanisms under chapter 11
in NAFTA where as an example like
there's a Canadian gasoline company that
Sue's under doke at the state of
California under WTO rules for
eliminating a gas additive they won that
one by the way so we know there's
multiple examples like that where
corporation is able to say you're
violating a trade agreement I want
international enforcement under this
global bureaucracy to protect my trade
interest wait are you in now wait when
you cite that particular case are you
saying that like that was like an
example like a corporation doing
something that was like hurting the
environment or well it literally what no
no your
no no no I'll slow down sure what I'm
saying is that in these agreements
uh-huh
there are clear mechanisms if you and I
are trading sure well I would say I'm
really curious about notable that you
use for this for the Canadian guys no no
no no I don't I don't want to get
sidetracked this is a really important
overlap overarching point sure it's just
this is fun I mean this is the this is
the disagreement about TPP period okay
this this is what settles it one way or
another basically okay if you and I are
have a disagreement if we're trading
back and forth and I'll go really
stereotypical here say say I'm I'm
Hollywood you're China right and then I
say you are bootlegging rush hour 3 or
you you know you're you're stealing some
patent and I actually I shouldn't even
use I mean China basically is enough
power to just say [ __ ] you say your
Vietnam I'm gonna go to the WTO as
paramount or whatever and I'm gonna say
such and such an action is taking place
this interferes with my ability to do
trade it's a violation of the common
framework on trade and sheriff's going
back to GATT and the trade judges will
more than likely not say yes you are
correct Vietnam you need to stop that
practice and go back to training right
and I'm not even saying in that example
that that's wrong that's just the way
those agreements work okay now what
you've said before is that there are
agreements in the TPP just like in the
Korea trade deal or NAFTA that cover the
environment uh-huh cuz we're focused in
the environment now yeah that have also
international enforcement mechanisms so
what I'm saying is that there's multiple
cases where country X says that country
y always on behalf of the corporation
because that's who's involved in the
trade yeah has said you you're violating
on a part of our agreement by doing X
we're gonna go to the International
Tribunal and get a ruling on it that
happens all the time and under TPP the
power of that would actually be extended
which is another reason that people
objected to it sure what I'm saying is
if environmental conditions were as
serious under these agreements you would
assume that there would also be
hundreds of cases of country exes and
violating its environmental obligations
correct um maybe I don't know if you
would need to bring in the TPP to
enforce that though because the local
law was one well I mean I really want to
respond to the earlier one I think you
brought up about the well why would you
have the environmental agreement in the
TPP that so how is that a defense so the
environmental agreement as part of the
TPP basically says that if a country
changes its laws to do something that is
beneficial to the environment a foreign
corporation can't sue that government
and reclaim lost profits because they're
doing something to to clean their
environment or up that that's what those
acts are for that's what's perfect but
it says is a comment no no it's this is
really important I agree but I really
want to get back to an earlier example
what I really want to go back to your
early example because I don't know go
back as soon as we get this really
important there's a really important
answer and real obvious one you're not
giving me which is that none there has
been zero environmental enforcement
under any of these agreements and I just
want to be really clear ok
and I'm not saying you're doing this
intentionally obviously but that is not
what these agreements say I don't think
the job of the TPP is to a enforce that
so I got that why do you then why do you
cite those as defenses of the agreement
then because then they're rel you know
so they are not defense so I don't think
the job of the TPP is to go in and
enforce like an environmental standard
in a country more so protect an
environmental standard that a country
has on the books and prevent foreign
corporations from suing them before
implementing new environmental standards
well then you can also see that well
that's but that's again so if that's
your thought of what the TPP is you
don't even agree with the TPP either you
should tear it up and get rid of the
environmental and labor sment agreement
so that might because you're not so node
so I just want to be really clear them I
really want to go back to early examples
killed me Mike this is the big story but
you built this and all you build this
off of an example that perfectly
illustrates my problem with this this is
the agreement though this is what people
object to so you don't even know it just
to be really clear yeah you actually are
a tap you disagree from the right
with Obama and Biden and Clinton that
there should be enforceable agreements
in these agreements well I mean every
agreement has to be enforceable to some
extent otherwise its vice and labor and
you just said that that wasn't the job
of the TPP so when these candidates come
out and they say and Obama said this
multiple times the TPP has the best
environmental and enforce and labor
standards that are enforceable and they
are not just pre-existing bills on the
books because if they were then they
couldn't go to brunei and say you can't
do child labor those are all new laws
that's not an environmental standard
those are labor standards that's
something separate which is something
there's no objections that there hasn't
been a enforcement I was just using
Labor's exam environment example there
hasn't been enforcement on labor I there
hasn't been so I mean if we look at
Vietnam pre and post TPP signing you did
see that Vietnam was moving in a certain
direction where they were allowing trade
organization or trade unions to show up
where they were allowing more people to
have some political freedom where they
were kind of scaling back some of the
well I mean the political liberalisation
of Vietnam goes back to the 1990s sure
but they have been in a lot of that when
we pulled out of the TPP when that
pressure was gone they immediately
reversed on a lot of those decisions no
that's that's a really I mean that's a
so look here's what I'll do okay that's
a really no no no this is you know this
is important that's okay Lee this is
what happened though this is really
crucial okay so if you're right about
Vietnam uh-huh and you could be right
okay all the more reason to back my
position on TPP because if you actually
have inside these agreements if you
wrote an agreement and renegotiated it
everybody could renegotiate it and they
and the reason and believe me none of
the Asian underdeveloped trading
partners are upset at a bill that would
be better on generic drugs trust me
every in fact every single WTO round you
always see people from developing
countries demanding greater negotiations
more reciprocity and incidentally on our
end less double standards because we
still have all sorts of sneaky tariffs
and all sorts of double edged [ __ ]
but if Vietnam
was moving in incremental directions
which I I could concede although that
process does decades-long sure it's not
just good TPP then that's great then
what we need is we need an environmental
group movement environmental agreement
on a TPP that has a equally enforceable
statute for environmental and labor
protections an S is another reason why
and I'm a pure Sanders supporter
Elizabeth Warren's trade deal in some
ways quite smart because what she says
and we have a framework which would be
really easy to do this which is that you
incorporate the global Mayor up bare
minimum standards of the international
organization of labor which is already a
global organization in Geneva that
already set standards that works and and
understands these institutions but
doesn't have the same power and they can
enforce alongside Trade bureaucrats
another set of conditions and standards
which is precisely what TPP is sold on
in fact if TPP was what Obama said it
was we would all support it okay there's
like 20 million things so first of all
the the is that the IOL the Internet is
it the international organization labor
standards or whatever that provision or
organization yeah so Elizabeth Warren
says let's make them sets global labor
standards as well that was in the LPP
though that those requirements were
there for you to be a trading partner in
the TPP but not enforceable that's what
I just explained that's the reason see
if you don't have an enforcement
mechanism this is see this is why like
things I think this is where things get
really interesting right yeah if it's
just theoretical then it's just the then
like it's just air like sure like trade
is good trade is bad in trade you can
make an argument actually accelerated
trade is very bad for the climate
you know we there's all sorts of
arguments we can have and they're
interesting and ethereal okay but I'll
talk like an actual policy sure so that
agreement and all of these agreements
they have a provision for investors if
an investor says country X is violating
my
terms on foreign direct investment and
it is not just expropriation it's there
have been any number of cases brought on
it sometimes they win sometimes they
lose but I'm talking about the structure
okay there is a structure that values
investors over worker an environmental
concern wait how that's of those agree
how does this not your favor them no one
sure because they're the only ones with
internationally enforceable standards
for their interests I mean that's come
on I can't be complicated I don't notice
what you mean though the ihds panels
have people chosen from both parties
that can represent them and what do you
mean no they don't yes we okay but I
don't even agree personally I don't
notice always say when you women when
you say that only in we hold on when you
say that only is we need its what basis
do you say besides because it's
literally in the provisions of the TPP
for how they nominate the panels of the
I mean both countries no no for an
investor in a country both of them get
to nominate people to panels that's
country nobody from environment and
older labor okay but I don't trust it
okay I don't know when you say that
these things favor you real clear I just
want to be really you don't know slow
down I've I've done I have to go faster
diverse cities are like well but these
are the points no no but I don't know I
disagree with you so many things that I
have a got to address but there's
nothing I mean I don't know what's your
disagree but I don't let me tell you
that wait can I tell you one
disagreement so your pink which you've
got stay inside the grounders of what is
actually happening in reality okay well
okay so there's like a million things
the most recent thing you said that the
the TPP only favors like investors
bringing suits to other countries or
whatever this is what I would expect to
happen why would a country sue another
country for something related to
business going on in that country that
doesn't even make sense like if I'm
making a trade agreement I want to
protect any firm that originates in my
country doing business in another
country I want to protect them from the
other country enacting laws that make
them non-competitive that's part of the
trade but why would my country itself
why would the United States want to sue
another member the TV it doesn't make
sense that you are like wait a sec why
okay so now right why would they do that
so why would
Congress deregulate derivatives why
would the Trump administration relax
laws on mining pollution why would they
do that what is what is D regulating
derivatives or things related to the EPA
have to okay I'm guessing that we
probably deregulate them because there's
I mean it depends on the provision Trump
will do EPA related stuff because it
plays well to his base derivatives
because we want but keep it simple why
would the Republican party let's just
show you super generic yep why would
they strip environmental standards on
mining in West Virginia why would they
do that because I think it'll make the
businesses more profitable why okay yes
and maybe because they also get
donations and support from those
businesses why yeah so why would the
Democratic Party in this case leaders
and Democratic and Republican parties
both of whom do in fact get quite a bit
of money from pharmaceutical industry
okay
go to bat for an agreement that would
favor the pharmaceutical industry
patents over global public health
because you generally would want a
favored patents in your for your firms
going to trade agreements like that's a
totally fair point
sure you can make that such a totally
fair point and there's other it's other
people would say that global public
health and pandemics are far more
important than that that there's that
the trade agreements provide actually a
very limited value they only favor very
small geographies and sectors relative
to other ones that's why there's not
just partisan disagreements on these
trade agreements there's also Geographic
ones so you could say all of that okay
and you could even be occasionally
narrowly right but what you could never
not say and this is just reflects the
disproportionate power like again would
you agree that pharmaceutical companies
have more power in our society today
writ large than labor unions right
that's pretty obvious I'd say all it
seems to me that all capital and Western
society has more power than any anything
related to labor right now
of course right so they have the most
power they have the most influence to
throw around this and really hope you
don't think this is conspiratorial they
can write and influence legislation and
agreements to benefit them at the
expense of other sectors whether or not
that is a domestic piece of legislation
that D regulates or an international
agreement that has unenforceable
toothless environmental and labor
standards which granted you said you
don't even want to have those in there
but that's a very extreme position I'm
not the it's in that's just to be clear
that's not the Clinton Obama Biden
position so I'm defending their position
now what they say is when you sow labor
weren't very good if you don't have
those so then if you have an agreement
that literally says if you violate
something that could pertain to my
copyright no moral claim great whatever
protect your copyright there is an
enforcement mechanism that has serious
consequences for the other member
countries economy and that will be
enforced whereas if somebody says oh you
just violate an environmental condition
oh well you shouldn't do that
oh you're still doing child labor you
still don't allow independent trade
unions well you know shame on you those
agreements structurally favor certain
segments of the economy and if the core
argument does start to come down to
whether you're a progressive or a
centrist or whatever the basic
disagreement that people like me think
like no we need to much more radically
rebalance the standards of society you
can't have a trade agreement that just
favors the pharmaceutical industry and
in fact yes it's good for a handful of
jurisdictions mainly in like New Jersey
and DC lobbying firms that has no
trickle down on most normal people and I
know you know that because I've seen you
debate a bunch of right-wing idiots you
don't defend those kind of economic
policies so that yes you can have trade
but there also needs to be public health
there also needs to be labor that also
needs to be the environment if we
wrote TPP and trade agreements as that
we could all support it but
unfortunately that's not what they are
because of incumbent interests just like
with other legislation right I want you
to respond like I have like five minutes
so we should we should do this again the
very first example that you gave is a
great example of a lot of the problems
that I have when people talk about the
TPP or they talk about the
disproportionate amount of power
investors have when it comes to
overriding these sort of environmental
things so the first thing that you
referenced I don't know if you made this
up off your head or you were referencing
the real case was when L Corp was a
company that did
gas delivery whatever they I think they
had gas pressure something in Canada and
Canada tried to make it illegal for them
to use a certain feel additive and using
isds that firm brought a case against
the Canadian government and obviously
the way that this was put out in the
news was look there's a firm trying to
bring a court case here they're trying
to destroy our environmental regulations
you know they're just doing horrible
things to Reyn environment this is a
good example of corporations rise but
that wasn't at all what that case was
Canada only outlawed the only party
pushing to outlaw that specific additive
was doing it because they were the only
company that was using and it was only
to make that company non-competitive
that was the whole point of the Canadian
the Canadian government itself but the
Canadian for me to be really clear the
Canadian government was clear though
that's great but that is irrelevant it's
not because the Canadian government
itself a year prior to that had ruled
that that additive had no negative
environmental impact and so even though
that's your interpretation of that case
that's fine that's interesting it
doesn't hinge on the fundamental
argument the federal government still
agreed to pay a hundred and thirty
million dollar you know settlement right
which they should so they want oh wait
so you support that again there's no
analog with labor or with the
environment in 2012 there was a u.s.
pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly they
launched a suit against the Canadian
Court I'm quoting now rejecting monopoly
patent protections from two other drugs
after finding insufficient evidence that
they could deliver the promised results
right wait
there's multiple cases like this is the
point but I'm not gonna go into like
like wrap it all of this I I would well
you say rabbit hole but these are
important like real-life examples for
how these are not because honestly if
your agreement held and maybe again it's
just a framework difference but if you
said look Michael if you go back the
last twenty years there are multiple
cases were under WTO rules a you know
the a labor union in New York went to
the WTO and they said you know there's a
rule in this side agreement that bans a
certain type of labor organizing work it
went to Columbia it says we're doing a
free trade agreement across the Americas
and coca-cola is actually subcontracting
paramilitaries that kill labor
organizers this is a violation of every
rule we have on the book and there
should be a civil or criminal penalty on
coca-cola and a penalty for the u.s. is
a foreign direct investment whatever and
the WTO said yep that's our labor
committee and we agree with you and
that's enforceable and then later in the
day they decided oh that was actually
just a sneaky move that was framed as an
environmental move in order to just do a
sort of blatant act of protectionism
some of these cases you're wrong on some
of these cases I'm right on we have
different interpretations that's fine
but the broader argument about what this
agreement is is unavoidable and that's
the fundamental distinction but I
actually I really do have to run but we
could do this again if you want yeah
sure I'd love to go over some more
specifics of this sometime but thanks
for the conversation hey man it was my
pleasure for real hmm I mean I hope I I
know we we went places I hope we got
some good stuff done though okay I
really appreciate it man have alright
alright take them in okay
I've actually been up until like 4:00 or
5:00 a.m. I've actually done so much
reading on the TPP I hate my life right
now
[Music]
