if you guys want to introduce yourself
destiny hey I'm destiny I play video
games and I sometimes talk about
politics and sometimes philosophy and
whoa whoo that's what I do okay there
you go sure okay well I'm I'm Caleb
Maupin I'm a journalist and political
analyst and an advocate of 21st century
socialism okay so how do we want to go
first you maybe wanted to find some
terms killed maybe you want to go ahead
and find your turf and what socialism is
well I want to start out now can I call
you Steve is that how you like to be
addressed yes Stephen is kadesha okay
well I really like what you do I'm a big
fan of your channel because I love the
United States of America and I'm deeply
worried about the future and the fact
that you are facilitating discussion
that is civil you're not encouraging
people to go out and punch each other
and get violent over this kind of thing
but we're having civil intellectual
discourse about very important concepts
I really like that and I'm really
honored to be here and I'm glad you've
taken this opportunity to engage with me
and I thought I might begin this debate
actually by quoting some of the words of
a very radical socialist who existed
back in 1892 he wrote these words I
think some of the viewers may be
familiar with these words they go like
this I pledge allegiance to the flag of
the United States of America and to the
Republic for which it stands one nation
indivisible with liberty and justice for
all the author of the Pledge of
Allegiance Francis Bellamy was a
socialist furthermore Abraham Lincoln
had a generally Brigadier General in the
Union Army named August Willick who was
not only a socialist but a personal
friend of Karl Marx and correspondent
with him throughout the war Roosevelt
frequently met with labor activists
progressives and members of the
Socialist Party in the communist party
at the White House and this notion that
somehow if you believe in socialism you
believe that the banks factories and
industries should be organized to serve
public good and not profits this notion
that that somehow makes you unamerican
or makes you a foreign agent or makes
you a traitor or somehow opposed to what
it means
to be an American this is a fiction it's
a fiction that's been peddled by William
Randolph Hearst by Rupert Murdoch by
Roger Ailes
but the truth is that socialists have
been an important part of US history
we organized to oppose slavery we were
supporters of Abraham Lincoln we
organized to build the labor movement to
build a suffrage movement for the right
of women to vote we've always been part
of this country and I think that
advocating common-sense rather than the
irrationality of profits is a
fundamental part of us experience we've
always been around in fact the word
socialism which you know was first from
the French Henry st. Simone the utopian
thinker pointed in French but the first
person to use it in English was Robert
Owen and Robert Owen set up a utopian
community in Indiana and he spent a lot
of his life in Indiana building the
settlement of New Harmony so we have
always been part of the United States
and I will add that when socialism comes
to the United States it will not be
Russian or Soviet socialism
Chinese socialism or Venezuelan
socialism the socialism that comes to
the United States will be a socialism
rooted in our own traditions our own
history our ongoing struggles here the
struggle for democracy the struggle for
equal rights it will be an American
brand of socialism rooted in addressing
the issues we face here in this country
and I think it is high time we start
engaging about these ideas I I object to
the way socialism is widely
characterized in the media and so let's
talk okay I just a couple of things out
of the way real quick so that it doesn't
feel like I'm either backpedaling later
or radically changes I'm not sure how
much you know about me or what I do I
don't care about America at all as a
country I am NOT like married to the
idea of the United States I don't really
care much about like making America like
the best place I don't know if I'm just
cuz you're I know that your pitch is
like pretty nationalist oriented here I
don't care if the author of the Pledge
of Allegiance was like a socialist or
like a capitalist or whatever typically
when I when I'm looking at like economic
system so will ways to organize our
economy I'm usually just trying to find
ways to generate the most amount of
wealth and then hopefully to
redistribute later redistribute it later
on use
like tax policy or some other type of
thing I just want to get that out of the
way right now that I don't have like any
type of like strong nationalistic been
towards the United States I'm not like
Allegiant to any particular country I
just happen to live and pay taxes in the
u.s. okay yeah so getting that out of
the way
yeah I mean I guess we can jump I guess
right into the the socialism thing or
how do you want to do this I'm is that
question directed toward me yeah yeah oh
okay well I need go right ahead
I think it's important to clarify what
we mean by the terms so if you want to
begin with that I think that's a great
place to start um yeah sure so I've
heard socialism described in a lot of
ways all the way from some people saying
that some redistribution programs are
socialist so like people will point to
like Sweden and go hey look you know
they do a lot of social welfare that
socialism which I don't think it's
necessarily true
all the way to people who say that like
even co-op even cooperatively owned
firms don't count as socialism
that's just you know that's do you still
have firms you still have people that
are working for profit they're just
distributing it to themselves that's not
real socialism so yeah I guess we can
move policy by policy one where you'd
give me like what definition you're
working under or yeah well that's a very
important thing because there's a lot of
definitions of socialism these days you
talk to two different people they'll
give you two different definitions right
and I think a lot of this is because of
the Cold War it's because of there was
such a McCarthy estat mascara of
hysteria and there was so much of
accusing people of being socialists and
communists in the United States that
it's all gotten muddled if you watch Fox
News I think Obama was labeled a a
Muslim and a communist and fascist and a
socialist you know there's a lot of
confusion and I think the reason for
example that many people associate
socialism with just general social
welfare programs is due to the fact that
the hits are out since since really
since the beginning of the Cold War if
people get up and say hey you know we
ought to have health care in the United
States for people to be provided for
free there responds to the right ones
you can't do that that's socialism right
if people say hey I think we ought to
provide college education to people in
the United States you can't do that
that's socialism that sucks communism
that's
so we have a generation of young people
that are coming up and the economic
circumstances are a lot worse than they
were during the height of the Cold War
in the 50s and 60s and it's basically
you know the little boy who cried wolf
they say you know oh you can't have free
healthcare that's socialism they say
fine I'm a socialist you know and that's
really what's going on with the Bernie
Sanders debate right now and I think
it's amusing and it shows that the
hysterical anti-communism has kind of
taken the the tank off the word or the
the onus off the word people aren't
afraid of the word anymore I think
that's good but I must say that
socialism is not the government spending
money it's not progressive taxation that
kind of thing goes on in every society
to some degree or other right you know
I'm sitting here in New York City
there's roads outside that are paid for
with well that was redistributed from me
the taxpayer to build the roads in New
York City is not socialist because of
that right some countries redistribute a
lot of wealth
some countries redistribute a little
wealth income inequality you know these
things happen in every society and
that's not the definition of socialism
the definition of socialism that was the
definition of Karl Marx that was the
definition of the Bolsheviks that was
the definition of also the British
Labour Party and social democracy up
until like the 80s when you know they
removed Clause 4 from the British Labour
Party's Constitution the understanding
of what socialism is that has really
been the key definition that has been
around for hundreds of years that has
been obscured in the aftermath of the
Cold War and all this confusion
socialism is a society where the centres
of economic power function on the basis
of what is good for society and not
simply what is in the interests of
private owners capitalism is defined as
a system in which profits are in command
under capitalism this is Frederick
angles he said the means of production
only function as preliminary
transformation into capital or Mao
Zedong he says that profits are income
and profits in command socialism is a
society where the major centers of
economic power the banks the factories
the major industries operate according
to what is good for society overall and
that is the fundamental difference is
production being carried out simply in
the interest of profit or is the state
planning out the economy in order to
ensure that growth
can take place that is the difference
between capitalism and socialism all
right so when you say socialism so are
you implying like a fully planned
economy then now well you'd have to
define what a fully planned economy
means right something goes on even under
capitalism a capitalist will plan how he
wants to do things in order to make his
own profits I think that the there's
there that that term needs to be defined
obviously the Soviet model of doing
things where everything almost
everything is run by the government is
not coming back yeah that's kind of been
different we've seen it different in
different places you know the Bolivarian
socialist model that we've seen
developing in Latin America the Baathist
Arab socialism of the Middle East
socialism with Chinese characteristics
in China the Socialists oriented market
economy of Vietnam they all do things
very very differently but at the end of
the day in all of those countries and
situations the economy functions based
on what state central planners say not
on what is in the short-term interests
of private owners there are private
companies there are private corporations
but even the private companies there do
what is in the interests of society
they're told what to do by the state and
I think that's that's the difference
right and that that I would argue that
that one of the things we've learned
from the Cold War is that you need a
market sector to some degree I don't
think the government should run you know
for example uh hotels I don't think the
government should run restaurants I do
think the government should run heavy
industries I do think that the
government should run healthcare I do
think the government should run banking
but you know I think people should be
able to start their own business you
know you know there's there's not an
opposition to people that have their own
idea and are creative and go out and
that's something new in fact I think
that the aim of socialism is to
strengthen that if you look at Nicaragua
right now the government the Sandinista
government is working very hard to
facilitate micro entrepreneurs and loan
money to private citizens in order to
build their own businesses in
coordination with the overall state
central plan so the same thing has
happened in China obviously Deng
Xiaoping famously saying that market
socialism was necessary and that you
know poverty is anti-communist but to
get rich
is glorious and and that I believe
socialism in the United States I would
suspect it's not really gonna be up to
me revolutions aren't made by guys
sitting on YouTube making comments but
it's not Alton Utley gonna be up to me
that I would expect that in the United
States a country where entrepreneurship
is really valued and individual
initiative is really promoted that a
market sector would be part of what we
develop and worker coops let me add are
part of a market sector and a worker
co-op they're looking to increase the
profits of this individual firm but they
all share in the proceeds and you could
argue it's more efficient right is every
worker wants to do as best as possible
cuz they get to share the profits but
worker coops are still part of the
market sector they're not a you know
part of the government apparatus right
so I think that needs to be cleared up I
think worker cooperatives are great but
they're not the essence of what
socialism is as you've pointed out on
your lives and on your videos worker
coops compete with each other worker
coops seek to maximize their own profits
right that's not the essence of what
socialism is it's a good thing though I
think worker coops are good but
socialism is when the economy is not
functioning according to the anarchy of
production or the chaos of the market
when profits are not in command that is
what socialism is okay so Caleb you're
not suggesting that like markets be done
away with completely nor are you
suggesting like full central planning
and your model of socialism okay does
anyone respond well to the interests of
society overall what the guy doesn't
wait so okay so I'm curious alone I'm
still trying to write this down so I'm
just trying to figure out like how you
decide like what would you what do you
think should be centrally planned like
what does the answer to that so you have
some industry what does like your
thought process for like oh this should
be something where we you know the
government figures out like who can
produce what how much should be produced
and how it should be allocated like how
do you how do you figure that out well I
I think you're kind of missing the point
and I understand why you're going here
because I've watched a lot of your
streams and you're debating often with
people that are very utopian and you
want me to sit here it's almost like the
Seinfeld episode times like maybe I'm
sorry can I please what human minds it
arises from
in society and at some point we are
going to need you know the society
overall to take control of the centers
of economic power capitalism is out of
control in the United States and we will
move towards socialism at some point I'm
very confident of that but it won't be
up to calebs sitting here and in front
of his bookshelf in his Brooklyn
apartment as to what it will look like
it'll be up to the American people and
what they want so go ahead destiny ok
I'm sorry so just really basic question
I'm just curious how will you decide or
how would you decide I'm not saying that
you're like a - tallying dictator and
it's up to you but I'm saying how do you
decide which industries or which parts
of your economy need to be planned by
the government it's all I'm curious
about that would have to be up to the
political leaders that are elected that
would have to be up to the political
parties that are formed that would have
to be up to the community assemblies
that are built any transition towards
socialism requires bringing millions of
people into motion and bringing people
into the political process ok wait if
that involved a lot of people it
wouldn't you're declaring it from above
okay in that case I think we're gonna
agree on everything that you'd say
because we're already in a socialist
society we've just decided not to
centrally plan anything like that it
doesn't really tell me anything right
we've already got leaders in charge that
have decided not to centrally planned
stuff and if how we centrally planned
stuff is determined based on what the
leaders say should be centrally planned
then I guess we're already there right I
would beg to differ with that okay so
then how would you and very clear that
profits are in command of the US economy
no question about that I think if you
look at the United States as it is at
the current moments and a lot of the
problems that are developing there's no
question that profits are in command so
I I wouldn't argue that I would argue
that I think what you're getting to is
that socialism in the United States
could only come about if there was mass
involvement by the people and it
couldn't be simply declared from above
and I think that's a very important
point to make and I don't disagree with
you on that and if the American people
in their millions wanted socialism we
would start to move in that direction so
I think you're you're on point on some
regards but I don't think I don't think
you're exactly getting the point either
okay so I'm not trying to say that
you're doing a utopian thing because it
clearly you're aware of that but like so
I'm trying to figure out like this is
just like a really basic question about
like how would you plan your markets and
you're telling me that you would plan
them in the interests of society and how
its voted on but like these are nice
answers to say for anything like I could
argue like oh like a fascist society is
going to be great and you'd say well how
is like well because we would vote on
things that are in the interests of
society like well what does that mean
like there has to be some metric or
whatever a rubric by which you evaluate
whether or not your society is
successfully organized in some socialist
men are like how like how what does that
mean well in the past I have put forward
four steps that I think would basically
transition the United States towards
socialism if I think we were to carry
out these four things the United States
would go from being a capitalist country
to having any socialist economy the
first would be a mass infrastructure
program in which millions of young
people were hired and put to work
rebuilding our bridges rebuilding our
crumbling infrastructure rebuilding our
educational system and universities and
developing the country and getting us to
a situation where we don't have water
that's not being properly purified you
know we don't have power plants that are
crumbling and just rebuilding the United
States secondly I would say that oil and
natural gas and coal and timber and
these natural resources would be
declared to be public property and
managed in a way that was in the
interest of all of the country
controlled by the state and not operated
and owned by people with names like
Carnegie and DuPont and and and Morgan
and Rockefeller who simply operate them
in the interest of their short-term
profits and that would be pretty good
for the country because right now we're
having an oil and natural gas boom we
are producing more oil and natural gas
that ever before but yet the very states
that are producing it places like
Pennsylvania places like Ohio where I
come from are getting poorer while more
and more wealth is being extracted from
the country I don't think that's right
third banking would need to be in the
hands of the state right the the lending
of money should be done in the interest
of what's good for the community overall
not what's gonna make a return or a
profit for some banker and fourthly I
think that it would be necessary to
implement the economic Bill of Rights
that Franklin Delano Roosevelt proposed
in his final years as president and
start working to make sure that every
every American
US citizen had access to health care ad
and access to a job was put to work
doing something useful for society you
know and implement that economic Bill of
Rights health care education employment
etc and if we did those four things it
would be pretty clear that that the
economy would be functioning in the
interests of society overall and the
state would be controlling the centers
of economic power the means of
production okay um do you want to walk
through these one at a time I guess so
we can kind of chat about them if you
want yeah let's do that yeah sure so for
the first thing like a massive
infrastructure program rebuilding
bridges or infrastructure I mean I don't
disagree with this I don't know how this
gets us anywhere closer to socialism
though right like increasing like city
or state budgets for repairing roads and
whatnot like all of these are typically
contracted out to private companies
anyway is there like something else that
you wanted to go along there or is that
just like the like kind of like the
standard rebuilding our infrastructure
program well I'm glad you agree and
let's move on to the next one okay
number two for the for the oil and
natural gas should be public property
are you talking about would you dislike
expropriate these things and like
disband the companies or how would you
go about like taking over these
industries well that's a good question I
know in some socialist societies they
have compensated you know we have
eminent domain in the US Constitution
for example where they they buy them at
market cost and make them public
property other socialist societies have
seized them without compensation and
that would again not be something up to
me and I I I that would be up to what
people thought was in the interest of
the whole society
yeah wait so real quick whenever
whenever I ask you a question I'm asking
you how like ideally would work like
appealing to like well that's just what
the people would vote on doesn't right
really and then you go to Tala Terry and
I got you I'm saying here I don't know
and that I would want things to be done
as in peaceful manner and as smoothly as
possible I have a feeling that those who
own these big oil companies and those
who own these fracking conglomerates and
those who own these big Wall Street
banks wouldn't be so peaceful and
agreeable but I personally think that we
should do things as peacefully and
democratically and smoothly as possible
I am for a peaceful transition okay so
okay I'm sorry if you feel like me
asking you like incredibly simple
questions about
for points you've given feels like
setting you up I'm not trying to set you
up if at any point you feel like a
question is unfair you can tell me if
you want to ask me the same question
about capitalism or how I would envision
a system working ideally you can feel
free to ask me the exact same question
given that you've laid out at least four
points in you've had ample time to speak
and it feels like you've prepared a
great deal for these types of talking
points I think it's fair to ask a couple
of incredibly basic questions like how
would you steal property from the people
that owned it in a like a reasonable
manner and I don't think it's fair for
you to say oh well it's just how the
people would vote on it because it
doesn't really answer my question at all
and it kind of seems like you're like
you're a little bit unwilling to engage
with like a pretty easy question related
to like a talking point that says we
need to take all of the capital from
these massively like privately owned
companies that exist in our markets that
hire private employees that you know
like represent like a great deal of like
the American economy well I'll repeat
what I said before and say that I would
favor it being done in the most smooth
and peaceful manner possible
perhaps with compensation I would prefer
it be done legally I would prefer it be
done perhaps using eminent domain under
the US Constitution um that's that's
what I would favor I would favor it
being done in a smooth peaceful manner
yeah I I don't know that every other
socialist necessarily feels that way
that's how I feel okay
like eminent domain is one way through
which you could acquire businesses I
would push a little bit harder here and
I would ask what would you do if the
people would refuse to sell but it might
sound like I'm setting you up for a
totalitarian answer which makes me feel
like you're like implicitly
acknowledging that at some point you
wouldn't care if you had to kill
capitalists to take their stuff but I
mean we don't have to deal with that I
guess in terms of like actually like
planning out like how these industries
would function so right now like firms
respond to market demands right they
allocate more resources where they feel
like there's more profit to be made just
kind of a basic question I guess how
would you decide like how to run these
companies like when do you stop
producing oil to export to other
countries like are you trying to make as
much money as possible do you balance
out like environmental concerns with
people concerns like how do you how do
you plan this out economically since
you're not using a market-based system
to do it if you expropriate these
industries well obviously
to be hiring the smartest economists and
the smartest brains in the United States
the best engineers the best technicians
to oversee something that's probably the
most fundamentally important thing in
the country ensuring the economic
prosperity of the people now that leads
me to when you said that I was a
nationalist and I want to be clear I am
NOT a national we owe to be clear I
didn't say I don't say is yeah way to be
clear I didn't say you were a
nationalist I just said it sounded like
earlier you were trying to appeal to me
being a nationalist I'm absolutely not
married to the idea of America or
capitalism
I don't like intrinsically care about
either of these things just making sure
that clear okay
yeah but I I would think that you would
have to assemble the smartest minds and
the the most well-educated folks and
you'd have elected leaders who would
pick out the smartest people and they
would do their best to make sure that
the economy continued to function and
grow and they would oversee the rational
planning of the oil industry of banking
and such how do you balance out things
so like in the United States right now
for instance we have a lot of conflict
between labor unions and and like
environmental I guess like environmental
regulations in this like quasi
technocracy or whatever where you're
like voting in people that choose like
the most I guess educated engineers or
whatever to plan this out like what what
values do you expect these people to be
like maximizing for so for instantly
just a few days ago in LA I think we
have like a massive solar farm that's
been approved but one of the leading
like like the oil labor people that work
here are dramatically against it because
when they bring these solar farms online
they're gonna be cutting power to a lot
of the oil factories here and obviously
all of the labor there is like highly
opposed to that how do you resolve like
these types of conflicts in your system
well because global warming is a huge
problem and and we need to tackle it but
my disagreement with the environmental
movement and I think this is where the
conflict between labor and the
environmental movement you know
originates is that a lot of folks in the
environmental movement seem to argue
that the answer to global warming is an
end to historical progress that we just
have too much stuff we all need to use
less conserved
I would disagree I say that the answer
to the problem of global warming is
technological and scientific progress we
need to get off of fossil fuels we need
to develop fusion energy and we need to
talk about you know hey I don't I think
it's actually something we could
realistically think about is is getting
resources from the moon or getting them
from elsewhere in the solar system with
our space program obviously that would
require huge technological leaps I'm not
there there yet but we should be there
Marxism is an ideology that is
fundamentally about historical progress
and I think most environmentalists
unfortunately the prevailing attitude
among the environmental movement is that
there is something wrong with historical
progress and it's the Tower of Babel
that we've gone too far
and so that would be my thoughts on that
particular disagreement but how would it
be handled well it's something that
would have to be resolved and you would
have to pay attention to what people in
the labor movement said you'd have to be
paying attention to what the
environmental movement and the leading
scientific voices would say there would
have to be democratic procedures so the
will of the population overall was seen
um I I can I can see why this these kind
of disagreements would take place and
they do take place and if you look at
socialist societies around the world
obviously many of them are not as free
and open as we are here in the United
States and that's that's something that
I have criticism of and I'm not
advocating anything totalitarian and
dictatorial here but you know I mean
it's a conflict that they have there
were big disagreements in the Soviet
Union there were big disagreements there
are big disagreements today in China
these disagreements happen and you know
handling them is something that every
government does I mean we have
disagreements here under capitalism in
our governments are handling them well
yeah but the way that we have yeah but
the difference is that like it so in my
system so I'll try to answer the own
question how to resolve conflicts
between laying labor or engineers or
scientists is we basically have a market
system that allocates resources in the
places where we expect to make the most
money right so for instance if you would
ask me well Stephen how do you know
whether or not you should frack in your
society my answer would be well we look
at global oil prices we see the cost of
what it takes to remove these or extract
these resources from the ground and then
when the costs fall below the profits
that would be made up to a reasonable
level for these things then we would
start to do it right that would that
would be my answer for most things
because that's how like capital is like
it flows throughout a societies to the
places that generate the most profit
if we're if we're doing like a form of
central planning if we're getting away
from markets then we have to appeal to
something besides profits right which is
what it seems like you want to do you
want to get off of profits because
profits don't always work in the public
interest for instance gonna be highly
profitable to pollute the everliving
[ __ ] out of a river or to engage in
horrible behavior that you know exploits
third-world countries or leads to other
parts as battery which is absolutely a
valid point but my question is like well
if we move off of like private
structures to do this back to like my
initial question which I don't get a
good answer to is how do you resolve
your conflicts between your labor and
like the technocrats that you kind of
like put in place to tell labor like
what it should do so for instance let's
say that we let's say that we have like
our elected leaders and they say okay
well we need to figure out what to do
about climate change and let's say that
there isn't like a magical innovation
that's going to save us but we actually
do need to reduce consumption how do you
resolve the conflict there when your
labor is not going to be okay with
shutting down all the factories that
they work at when the people that work
in these oil places when you know you've
got these massive unions in the United
States that are historically opposed to
a lot of these big like environmental
changes it's happening right now how do
you resolve these conflicts like who do
you choose to side with you side with
the workers who want who love their jobs
who love their factories who want to be
able to work in their places who are
more have more democratic to all the
work place or do you side with the
technocrats that are saying well
actually we've scientifically deduced
that we need to cut these factories like
how do you choose which to value there
and you can't answer whatever we vote on
that's not a real answer sure yeah but
what by what do you appeal to decide
it's very obscure hypothetical and
asking me what I would do and I'm
telling you I would need to look at the
specifics of the situation and I'm also
having to unfortunately deflect back to
it wouldn't be up to me which I've said
many times and that's not satisfying you
and I understand that but but again I
mean you're giving me this very very
obscure hypothetical asking me how I
personally would do it and I feel like
we're way far away from the issue of
socialism versus capitalism at this
point is there it may be an example or
something that you can bring up Caleb
that would be satisfying or Welkin
actually I can I mean we can talk about
this so the the obscure hypothetical
that I'm presenting you is what do you
do when there's a conflict between labor
and scientists have say there is some
damage that's going to happen here so I
mean I can answer this hypothetical
incredibly easily you have a government
that is in charge of putting forth
policies by the EPA
maybe we determined that there is some
amount of like carbon pollution that's
bad for the environment so we put a tax
on that carbon something like
cap-and-trade so it becomes unprofitable
for you to engage in behaviors that are
hurtful to the environment to some level
right when you make those ventures less
profitable because of how capitalism
works less capital will flow to those
parts of the markets hopefully as you
tax something you would see a reduction
in that consumption and then the money
flows elsewhere so like two green
energies or whatever I don't think that
hypothetical is obscure I think that
that hypothetical is actually reflective
of a very pressing reality on the planet
right now which is how do we deal with
climate change I think it is incredibly
concerning if you're proposing an
entirely new economic system and you
can't like answer very basic questions
about how would you deal with pollution
or how would you resolve a conflict
between people that work at polluting
plants and not having those polluting
plants if those aren't good for the
environment I think that's a very fair
question as well I think it's something
that would obviously be of deep concern
but I guess maybe what you're getting at
is you're arguing that the way to deal
with the problems of capitalism and
you're pointing to the problem of
pollution you're arguing is to regulated
rather than to take things into state
ownership and have central planning is
that the essence of what you're arguing
with me well yeah it's a capitalist yeah
I'm generally pushing towards regulation
rather than expropriation into national
industries yeah well I would argue a
couple points on that first of all you
know the notion that corporations should
be regulated I think is fine and I think
the private market sector that exists
under under a socialist society would
definitely be highly regulated and and
that would be absolutely necessary but
overall you know an oil company was
doing something that the workers wanted
it to do and the environmentalists
didn't you know that would have to be
resolved and you'd have to have elected
leaders who would decide that you'd have
to make a decision as the society
overall but wouldn't it be better to
have the entire way oil is run be up to
the community from the beginning rather
than just trying to catch up and put
binders and guidelines on
entities that are gonna do whatever is
in their interests of profit no matter
what and I think environmental issues
are not not all the problem the issue of
in oil and gas and timber and coal and
these things being operated the problem
isn't simply that they're being operated
in a way that is in the short-term
interest of the owners and not the
overall interest of the country and
society I think the problem is also that
the wealth that is being created from
that and extracted from it is going into
the pockets of big international
corporations and at the same time our
society is getting poorer and and that
is a problem and I feel like
fundamentally and I think if you look at
it one of the biggest problems we have
is that there is a section of society
that is continuing to get richer and
richer as our country overall continues
to get poorer and that we see huge
multinational corporations we see big
banks that are enriching themselves at
the expense of the country and that that
what is good for Wall Street is not
what's good for people on my street or
on Main Street even and you can look at
this the great example and this is if
you read Karl Marx's book capital one of
the big things he points to is workers
competition with machines under a
socialist society self-driving cars
would be a good thing
we'd be happy about self-driving cars
right that people that now work as taxi
drivers or truck drivers would be able
to do something they felt was more
rewarding we wouldn't have to worry
about that in capitalism self-driving
cars threaten to put people out of work
in big numbers this is not rational use
of resources this is not rational
another great example you know you
remember the 2008 financial crisis when
the housing bubble burst what was that
about well Americans spending power had
decreased and we simply couldn't afford
to keep buying homes at the same rate as
before so Alan Greenspan and others in
Congress deregulated lending people were
being lend blended money so they could
keep spending and they could keep you
know taking out mortgages and do all
kinds of things and pretty soon the
economy crashed not because there was
too much too little housing but because
there is too much housing and in fact
people even became
homeless because there was too much
housing this is not rational right in
previous systems under feudalism in the
past people starve because there wasn't
enough food people were almost because
there wasn't enough housing but only
under capitalism of we seen a situation
where people are hungry because there is
too much food where people are homeless
because there is too much housing where
abundance leads to poverty and that is
what Marx wrote about in his book
capital and it's public control and
planning of the economy that prevents
such a thing from occurring it gets rid
of this illogical boom-bust cycle this
this you know this poverty amid plenty
and replaces it with an economy that
functions according to a predetermined
plan in the interests of society overall
with society controlling the means of
production ok so there's a lot of stuff
and destiny if you want to go and take
the floor for a while - well no well the
thing is that like I don't want to just
talk about capitalism for 30 minutes
like I'm just I'm very curious like so
my original question was how do you
resolve these conflicts and I just got a
whole bunch of stuff that it wasn't
really related to this at all so for
instance wealth going into the pockets
of big international corporations wealth
disparity in our society is absolutely a
real problem and it is disgusting that
we have like empty houses while we have
homeless people or an abundance of food
while some children are going hungry at
night this has nothing to do with our
economic system though these problems
have happened historically under
socialism everyone here knows that these
problems are happening right now under
capitalism of course but like to go back
to like the point like 20 minutes ago
about like how do you resolve these
conflicts between labor and and and and
your scientists like you appeal to this
question of like well shouldn't the
community to decide these things no I
don't think so I would be like very
nervous letting on so for instance like
let's look at our like the Federal
Reserve right I would be incredibly
nervous if we were to take a public vote
on interest rates I don't think that
like monetary policy is something that I
would want you know like my friend down
the street that works at like a factory
or that like soz for living with
something voting on like our monetary
policy I also don't know if I would want
like the average Joe Schmo voting on
what I want like our future like climate
policy to look like at some given firm
you know I feel like you need experts in
charge that kind of decide this stuff
it's not just like publicly
voted on that appealed that we keep
making to everything I mean brags is
that was a vote that society give you
know I don't think that's gonna turn how
good for the United Kingdom or for the
average worker in that place I mean like
a lot of the other problems that you
pointed to I agree are huge problems I
just don't think that this the magical
wand of central planning I don't think
this has ever worked before on the idea
that we can just centrally plan massive
swaths of the economy the Soviet Union
tried it and massive famines happened
other economies have tried it like in
Vietnam and you've had entire shadow
sectors or in Cuba right now that pick
up in order to fill in all the gaps at
the central planning leaves these people
that could pay it under the table that
have these secret shadow economies going
on underground to deal with all this
stuff with a centrally planned economy
can't deal with I mean like if that's
the direction you want to push we kind
of I guess we kind of have to agree to
disagree there but I feel like
historically I don't feel like you have
like good evidence to say like oh well
centrally planning like massive portions
of an economy you know can can be a
really positive thing you know like
expropriating some industries and doing
that seems to work well so for instance
Venezuela's gas was ran nationally for
quite a while and it seemed to do like
really well but when they started to
expert we have more communities when
they tried to hardcore set prices on
things it seemed like that started to
turn into a big problem a lot of the
firms left the country they were unable
to actually supply its citizens with the
things they needed and yeah I don't know
I I just I don't like this appeal to
central planning I just don't think it
works or ever has worked and I maybe if
you wanted wanted to try to float this
idea that like I'm you know like using
like AI or some complicated machine
learning algorithm we could do central
planning that would be really
interesting ever thought about that
before but maybe that could be more but
like like more probable but having
people voting on like how to allocate
our resources that just sounds like a
recipe for disaster to me would you like
me to respond or do you have more um
yeah go for it yeah okay well on a
couple of points I mean I don't disagree
with you I don't think average Joe would
want to vote on interest rates I don't
think the average Joe knows enough about
interest rates and he wouldn't even want
to be given that he would want to elect
somebody who would appoint somebody to
do that I think that that's the reality
and I I don't think I'm advocating at
this point any kind of direct democracy
where everyone votes on every law I
don't think that's feasible at this time
perhaps at some point in the future when
technology
expanded to the point that you know
people you know don't have to work that
much or something maybe something like
that would be more feasible but at this
time obviously it wouldn't be but when
you say that socialism has never worked
anywhere and statements like that get
very widely made on American wait wait
wait wait real quick cuz you're about to
I don't care I know you ever prepared an
answer to that I'm not saying I'm not
using the meme socialism's never worked
anywhere to try it what I'm saying is I
don't think central planning is worked
my critique is much more specific here
okay and I would be like if you have
like I'm curious because I would have to
go read more of them because every time
I've tried to read on places so the only
places I'm familiar with are like
Vietnam or a lot of the older Soviet
Union or some places in like Cuba like
my understanding is that when we try to
socially plan a lot of stuff you just
can't do it there's so much for a
government to keep track of its
bureaucratic it's slow you can't respond
to changing market conditions so I'm
saying central planning specifically
doesn't seem to be a solution to an
economy that's what I'm saying specific
like the socialism has never worked me
okay I'm glad you're being more specific
than that but I would encourage you to
read
Maurice Dobbs book Soviet Soviet economy
since 1917 Maurice Dobbs was a lecturer
at the University of Cambridge in
Britain and I have you know quotations
from the book right in front of me
in 1928 they launched the five-year
plans in the Soviet Union by 1938 coal
production had multiplied by three and a
half times they had increased the rate
of Malta of electrification tenfold
there were 20 new tramway systems the
number of hospital beds in rural areas
had doubled the Soviet Union at that
point was the largest tractor product
producer in the world and they were the
largest locomotive producer in the world
right this notion that socialism has
only resulted in people getting poorer
or making everyone equally poor is false
in 1917 Russia was an impoverished
agrarian country by the mid 1930s they
were an industrial superpower they were
a punk country that was strong enough to
defeat Nazi invaders they were a country
that events a lot of this is just not
true so the Soviet Union was not strong
enough to defeat the Nazi invaders
firstly in the early part of the war the
Nazis were involved in
lending a lot of things like rubber and
other materials to the Soviet Union and
later on the lend-lease programs from
the Western capitalist nations were a
large part of the reasons of why the
Soviet Union was able to to field as
much armor and everything as they could
these aren't controversial claims
lend-lease was a huge program that was
massively successful to supplying the
USSR with supply is a global alliance
but but it's disingenuous to say that
it's this shirt but it's disel I'm not
saying that these are these are sure
these are what about sure sure I
understand that these are what about
isms that aren't relevant to what I'm
saying is that the idea that the USSR
was some strong superpower that on its
own could stand up to to the Nazis that
is absolutely not true they absolutely
needed outside help first from the Nazis
themselves and then once Hitler turned
on Stalin then from other Western
nations via lend-lease firstly secondly
you're talking about like how the Soviet
Union was able to you know accomplish so
much in terms of like getting
electricity you know how to rural areas
and hospitals and all of this this is
just industrialization lots of countries
have done this under capitalism under
other economic systems under socialism
and also part of Russia's rush to
industrialization led to massive famines
that are to this day debated about
whether or not they're considered
genocide 'el so I don't know if I like
the idea of like well I can modernize a
country if I tell everybody to stop
growing crops starve to death ten
million people and make some of them
work in factories I don't know if that's
a good argument saying like well look
how quickly we industrialized our
country I don't know if I agree that
that's a success of central planning I
think you can look all over the
developing world today and see a lot of
free market countries that have not
industrialized and have not done what
Russia and China both did during the
20th century right this notion that
socialism never creates growths never
worked anywhere all it leads to is
people being poorer look at Russia in
1917 look at Russia by the 1930 we're
back in my mind I don't I don't get
China in 1949 look at China today the
second largest economy in the world
that's a big fat lie during it because
it contradicts reality ok socialism has
raised countries on out of poverty it's
tough these are right this is like
literal these are like electricity right
I feel like I'm running down ok wait I'm
ready
dialogue tree right now I'm talking
about central planning I'm not I
understand that you've probably heard a
million times
socialism makes people poor or whatever
I would never make that claim well no
but I I would say that like the
industrialization of the world so much
the same way when people say like Oh
capitalism is what is what's causing
global warming I don't think that's true
I think it's industrialization is what's
causing global warming right we consume
a lot of stuff we produce a lot of
emissions as a result of that like it's
industrialization we talked to me about
like well the living standards for the
nineteen hundreds to the 2000s is
increased I'm not gonna say I say well
capitalism did that and I'm also not
gonna say in socialist countries
socialism did that technological
innovations medical medical innovations
agricultural innovations like these are
the things that have driven a lot of
this so I'm not giving you the meme that
socialism hasn't helped any country I'm
sure that we can find you know whether
we were in Catalonia or other types of
like smaller socialist societies that
have existed to thrive for small periods
of time I'm sure we can find examples
that what I'm saying is that central
planning as a means of controlling an
entire economy doesn't seem to be a
realistic policy if you want to talk
more specifically about the USSR we can
but I feel like that is not a good
example for you to go to to show off the
successes of central planning when
millions of people starve to death in
that society as a result of central
planning
um I think millions of people starve to
death prior to the Russian Revolution as
an agrarian economy when there was a
famine people starve to death all the
time now
you're talking about specific famines
that took place but prior to the Soviet
Union Soviet agriculture didn't have a
Russian agriculture and and the
surrounding countries Estonia Latvia
Lithuania they didn't have tractors
right it was the Soviet Union that
mechanized agriculture it was the Soviet
Union that electrified the entire place
they actually had the biggest
hydroelectric power plant in the world
in 1931 the Dnieper Dam
the fact that you gloss over the
transformation of an deeply impoverished
country into a country that was a
superpower and is widely acknowledged to
be a superpower and you just say yeah
but they're a bunch of famines that none
of that counts that's that's completely
disingenuous right the whole world
realizes what happened there and the
whole relock world realizes what's
happened in China and furthermore if you
want to see countries that have been
part of our global free market
capitalist system and how they
they've florists take a look at Haiti
that country has nafta-style trade
agreements with the United States people
meat eat dirt mixed with oil right the
amount of poverty there is pretty big
right and that's a free market country
but no one ever says Haiti's problems
because of capitalism but all of them is
where those problems are cuz of
socialism take a look at Nigeria Wilson
the top oil producing country in Africa
they have been doing business with
Chevron and Shell Oil for decades right
I mean if if oil and wealth and selling
on the market would make them prosperous
they'd be a wealthy country their life
expectancy is only 59 the rate of
illiteracy is is is the rate of literacy
in terms of population that can read is
not even sixty percent right and the
unimproved drinking water rates take a
look at what the CIA world factbook says
about Nigeria the top oil producing
country in Africa that's what the free
market has to offer right free-market
capitalism is not industrializing
countries
why don't you compare India to Russia
and China for example right India did
not have a socialist revolution it had a
nationalist revolution it got its
independence from the British that was a
good thing but it did not have socialist
construction or central planning and
compare it to Russia and China
throughout the 20th century compare the
conditions of the people in India to the
people of Russia and China as and and
you can look pretty clearly there in
fact a lot of the industrialization that
has happened in India happened because
of the Soviet Union and China right it
was the Soviet Union built steel mills
in India the so I mean China is now
doing a lot of business there so so this
notion the the capitalism is
industrializing countries you know you
can talk about the Asian Tigers I'm
happy to address the Asian Tigers that's
an example but I mean all these
immigrants that are pouring into the
United States on the border right now
countries like Honduras free market
capitalist country where there are
people that don't even speak Spanish
people don't have running water people
don't have electricity Guatemala you
know take a look at Mexico you know
these free market countries have been
looted and destroyed by international
corporations whereas countries that have
central planning that raised people out
of poverty they've industrialized
they've electrified they've wiped out
illiteracy very consistently just fight
the problems and there are big problems
I don't deny that okay so I obviously I
don't know the
history of every single government in
the world but like based on some of the
examples that you've given I'm like
incredibly suspect of the other examples
that you have given so like when you
talk about like people don't blame Haiti
for capitalism but they do blame
Venezuela right
my understanding of Haiti is there are a
lot of corruption problems that exist
within that government it's not
literally just they tried capitalism and
it's ruining the country but then people
do playing Venezuela well that was
because Venezuela like very specifically
started to make socialist pivots in its
economy it started to nationalize more
industries it started to wait which part
about you discredit you dude do you
disagree that they were expropriating
industries do discrete and they tried
wait wait how is that a response no no
you wouldn't compare the state of oil
very little as nationalized and I've
been to Venezuela and one of the biggest
problems they have is that their economy
is entirely centered around oil and when
the oil price dropped in 2014 that
caused a huge amount of scarcity they
they need to have you know farms there
they need to have steel manufacturing
there and they don't have it if they had
state-run big steel mills and state-run
farms and all that they'd be in a much
better shape ok if we if you want to in
a future debate I would love to come
back and talk about Venezuela because I
am positive that your assertions there
that it was just because oil collapsed
that that's why that country fell apart
is absolutely not true and that no
person that has been no not corruption
that it was very specifically ok it was
very specifically pivots towards trying
to socialize or nationalize or
expropriate parts of their economy to
set incredibly restrictive price
controls that caused capital industry to
flee that country that caused some firms
to no longer produce goods there or
provide goods for its people this is one
of the large reasons why then it was
well it's not just because oil prices
fell a little bit you don't see other
OPEC countries you know producing
country huge oil producing country
bigger oil reserves than Saudi Arabia
that I've heard the oil prices drop and
at the same time they suddenly start
having big economic problems but it's
unrelated it's all just because they
believe in socialism too much that's
what you're saying like oil price drop
of 2014 was dramatic at that point you
could buy a family meal at Kentucky
Fried Chicken
that would cost more than a beer the
petroleum sector accounts for roughly
sure so I'm just looking this out sure
I'm literally just I'm looking this up
on the fly because I know you're if
you're very incorrect the petroleum
sector accounts for roughly 87 percent
of Saudis budget reserves 90 percent of
the export earnings and 42 percent of
GDP that's petroleum and Saudi Arabia
and Venezuela oil is 25 Saudi Arabia
didn't have pictures of families eating
rats off the street because their
economy tanked so hard I don't have
people that call me from Saudi Arabia
crying that there is like that in Saudi
Arabia okay so I just I'm wait I'm very
curious
I just want I'm just trying are you
telling well pretty sure they did suffer
I agree are you are you going to make
the claim that Venezuela suffered just
as much as every other OPEC country did
when oil prices fell is that the claim
that you want to make no so why did it
suffer more sanctions from the United
States Venezuela also has big problems
with corruption and they also have the
problem that they don't have you said
that that the problem was they they
already had steel manufacturing they
already had big farm no the problem is
they don't have it it's a one combine is
that relevant why does that matter you
don't need to produce every good that
your society consumes if that's if your
entire economy is centered around oil
right and you are importing all of your
food and products and then you get
sanctions imposed on you and yes there
are big problems there and they've
manifested themselves and I think it's
interesting though now you acknowledge
now what I think is interesting about
your Venezuelan narrative is the
narrative I normally get from people
about that is whele is that everyone has
been poor and starving ever since they
had the socialism there and that proves
communism always fails that's not the
narrative that you have you've admitted
that there were economic successes there
until a certain point now why does the
media lie why don't why can't they admit
what you just said why I don't know I'm
not I'm not here to talk as a Fox News
correspondent I'm just curious why you
think central planning is effective when
the or CNN I'm not MSNBC or CNN about
why am I getting railroaded so heartless
let's let's not
skewers extensively obscures why are you
saying this and none of them are saying
I don't know why being railroaded down
the mainstream media and destiny wants
to speak for media company I'm not here
to defend Fox News or CNN sure half the
country in the United States you admit
that the problems began fairly recently
sure thank you I'm yeah the Venezuela
honesty so we can agree anti-communist
or liars we can agree on that well I
don't
deception and falsehood thank you for
admitting that
I appreciate it okay wait wait wait wait
all right so I haven't admitted anything
I'm pretty sure is it necessary to lie
destiny why don't they say what you just
said I don't I don't why don't they say
because most of the people in the United
States well I guess me I could speak to
that because Muslim people that were
alive in the United States probably
either have parents or grandparents that
were involved in some crazy dumbass US
war against communism and the idea that
like all commies are trying to destroy
the world and bla bla bla bla bla and
like that is a lie and it's stupid it's
incredibly stupid the way that Americans
view if you ask the average American
what is socialism the answer they would
probably give you is stealing money from
the rich and giving it to the poor
okay I'm not here to defend the average
American sentiments for socialism or
communism that's absurd however your
counter points are just as propaganda
Laden to try to say that
industrialization and the Soviet Union
was successful even though these were
done on the backs of massive famines
that were a great showcase of the
failures in central planning as a
support for central planning is just as
never happen under capitalism this is
obscure and then you take a couple
isolated famines and make them the water
ization of an entire country
industrializing and becoming a
superpower okay this is what it would be
like me saying that that you know the
mass deaths in the u.s. civil war proved
that American capitalism doesn't work
that would be like me saying the Great
Depression proves that capitalism
doesn't work I mean that's that's that's
ridiculous you could point to the great
no no it was a global superpower
that's totally local super power invent
space travel electrifies the entire
place is building some of the biggest
hydroelectric power plants in the world
people that lived in huts are suddenly
living in modern apartment buildings
with electricity but none of that counts
because there is a famine along the way
I'm not saying I'm not
miracles took place the whole world was
trying to be like the Soviet Union at
that point the only miracle is that
there are still Ukrainians and Kazakhs
alive today to talk about a horrible
central planning under the Soviet Union
was I mean like that's a miracle that
like some people actually survived some
of those families and they were being
executed if they tried to leave they're
starving districts after the Soviets
stole yeah when they Roman yeah and so
is nostalgia for the I know so is
nostalgia we meet so is nostalgia for
the old well so is nostalgia under the
old American system people nostalgia
people and you can find a lot of young
people in the United States lives before
like a civil right really
you don't think around the world today
you don't think that there are groups
like the AFD in Germany that's like
doubled its popular support post Syrian
refugee crisis you don't think
nationalistic sentiments are on the rise
in any parts of the world
I really don't so you know the fact that
Soviet nostalgia is so high not just in
Russia you know all kinds of places even
like places like Romania that had big
difficulties people are nostalgic for
the system of socialism sure sure people
can be nostalgic for older systems for a
couple of reasons one most well it's not
how on earth for a lot of people
thankfully a lot of the people that had
hell on earth [ __ ] died so they're
not here to talk about how horrible the
systems were because they died with like
the parts of their children in their
stomach after they ate them because
they'd starve to death
so we don't have a lot of those people
talking anymore about it which is fine
why do you okay when I lay a criticism
this is like it's so like this is it
okay this is you're arguing my point
you're right you're arguing my point
there are a lot of famines have guests
before it before this of the USSR and it
seems like central planning didn't fix
them it still happened
okay okay okay that's any wives we
destiny why is he arguing your point for
you well because saying it like well
there were massive famines and in the
Soviet Union which a lot of them weren't
as bad as the ones that happen in
Ukraine and Kazakhstan saying that there
were famines before central planning and
then saying there with her after central
planning that's my argument yeah central
planning didn't help so I don't know how
you can appeal to price um no that's
called the Soviet Union the Soviet Union
did not invent tractors the world you're
blaming the system that cures famines
and cures these problems even though it
takes a while to do it perhaps you know
they are the ones that actually are
responsible for the industrialization
you're blaming them for something that
happened under your system all the time
I'm not okay controlled China all the
time okay okay
business and power in China they have
become the second largest economy on
earth they have wiped out poverty the
IMF and the World Bank is praising
everything that they have done but you
blame them for what this is ridiculous
this is a ridiculous double standard
okay so we firstly it's not you can't
pivot to saying what about capitalism
every time I bring up an issue with your
system this isn't strengthening your
arguments it is a hardcore non sequitur
it feels like when I argue with with
conservatives and I say hey Donald
Trump's foreign policies absolutely
[ __ ] horrible and then somebody says
well what about Obama's foreign policy
yeah that was horrible - what do you
expect me to say you sit here and expect
me to defend when people starve to death
or can't find houses in a capitalist
system these are massive failures within
my system the difference is is that one
I'm not married to capitalism and as
some like emotional point that it's like
part of my personality like I need cap I
don't give a [ __ ] about capitalism if
there are better economic systems that
work then move us there I am all for
that so in your four-point plan of which
were owned at point two of when you talk
about things like rebuilding our
crumbling infrastructure pouring money
into public projects like that is great
it gives people jobs
it makes our public utilities more
accessible hopefully it makes it so
things like Flint Michigan don't happen
again which are horrible a country
this much wealth should not be pumping
lead into [ __ ] children that is
absolutely [ __ ] up so if you're gonna
sit here and say well there are failures
of capitalism yeah of course I'm gonna
agree with you I'd be an idiot not to I
lived under a lot of those failures but
it's not fair when I say hey your system
failed to address this or failed to do
this for you to point to go well these
are still some problems under capitalism
sure but we're not having everybody in
the state of Arkansas or Texas die
because of some famine and then killing
people when they try to escape the
country somebody finds out about it
right these are one there's a difference
in scale and two I'm not claiming that
capitalism on its own and the purest
most libertarian pipe dream system will
fix all of these problems
capitalism needs to be heavily regulated
the profit interest doesn't always work
in the public failure favor but I don't
think you need to say well because there
are problems in capitalism let's try
central planning when central planning
has not effectively worked for any
economy ever you even brought up India
earlier as an example that failed for a
long time under central planning and
only started to boom and develop when
economic liberalisation started to take
place there so it's not fair for you to
say like oh well you know central
planning can work because there are
problems in capitalism that's not an
argument that's not my argument planning
and you don't credit them because
they're [ __ ] ships at all so that's my
argument in 2004 the head of the World
Bank
Robert Solek said quote between 1981 and
2004 china succeeded in lifting more
than half a billion people out of
extreme poverty this is certainly the
greatest leap to overcome poverty in
history but it doesn't count because
there was a famine according to you
right that doesn't matter 800 million
people looked at our poverty well there
was a famine in the 60s so therefore it
doesn't count this is ridiculous this is
ridiculous you're you are your argument
is you are taking problems and socialism
and painting them as if they are the
entire socialist experience and I'm
saying socialism has resulted in huge
successes and there have been successes
of central planning and you are
obscuring that and denying that and I'm
poor and then you're pointing to the
problems in socialism and I'm pointing
out that these very problems you list
are probably more prevalent under
capitalism that's what I'm saying and so
I'm kind of curious
so the first future central planning
didn't improve things and I'm pointing
out yes it did and the things that you
were faulting central planning for
happened far more frequently under
capitalist
do you think that China would have
succeeded as the way that it did today
you mentioned that from 1981 to 2004
that was when they had their big
economic boom do you think that it's a
coincidence that in 1979 that's when the
US and China established normal trade
relations do you think that China was
able to grow in a large part due to the
horrible capitalism of the United States
and the fact that we have such a massive
trade deficit that has grown and grown
and grown over time that we power a lot
of that economy both with the foreign
investments they make in our currency
and our property over here in the form
of capital and in the form of the goods
that we import from that country you
don't think any of that is help China at
all or you think it was all just the
magic of socialism I think it was
absolutely necessary to introduce the
market reforms absolutely and that when
Deng Xiaoping you know established trade
relations with the United States that
was a very good thing and I think it's
also false to characterize China as a
capitalist country well no I didn't
characterize them as a capitalist
country I know but but but you know
that's a common argument that's made
wait why are we talking about common
arguments as made I don't care about the
note cards you have prepared against
like the Fox News talking no one ever
gets to hear because the media is owned
by big banks and big corporations that
don't let's only say what does need to
be said and that China's success their
system of socialism with Chinese
characteristics where they despite the
fact you have foreign investment despite
the fact that you have a lot of private
corporations the state still plans out
production that they adjusted it in a
way that was very effective right and
there's no bus 70s they were having big
problems the Gang of Four the way they
were were ruling the country and the way
they were holding back economic
development was a big big problem and
the Soviet Union was unable to adjust
that's why despite the fact that they
had huge amounts of tremendous economic
growth and and it really achieved real
big miracles in the 80s they needed to
adjust and rather than adjusting the
result of perestroika and glasnost was
was a collapse they were like they were
not able to bend so they broke but okay
capitalism okay it's somehow responsible
for China's growth well you could argue
that they traded with capitalist
countries but but they've pulled
themselves up by their bootstraps I
think China's achievements are an
inspiration to the entire world I'm kind
of curious in another country I just
really
one question only let's only address boy
shirt so I make yeah sure I'm very
curious
so like because we talked about how like
people are dying under capitalism due to
hunger and whatnot right so we have had
millions tens of millions of people die
in the USSR due to famines millions of
people died under maoism has this
happened under capitalist countries like
that are major superpowers that aren't
like these very tiny very small you know
African countries has like the United
States or Great Britain experienced like
these same types of like mass famines or
mass starvation as like some of these
like socialist countries may I speak go
for it
prior to 1917 prior to China was one of
those poor countries the global
capitalist system keeps these countries
in those situations that's the point
okay you're missing the point in time a
major country you these countries are
not major countries because of
capitalism you're missing the point
entirely right you're missing the point
entirely okay
Destin if you'd like to I believe like
us to move one two point three and and
let's stay point by point and not go off
on tangents so that's caleb if you'd
like to state point three and then we
can we can be going over some four
proposals i have i think we're having a
great debate here and we're getting the
essence of what we need to talk about so
i have no desire if you want to keep
going over the merits of four points i
recommend it please do but that's I have
no commitment to this style of debate I
know I'm happy with what we're doing
well I just want it on it's very rare
that like people that advocate for
socialism like actually give me policy
points I'm actually thrilled that you
did that I really appreciate that
because most of them just appeal to some
vague utopia notion of everybody gets
everything for free and doesn't work so
I like policy points I'd love to talk
policies we can actually get empirical
stays and everything I don't that's
that's good I agree with you that is one
of my critiques of a lot on the left is
I think every socialist should be able
to answer the question what would you do
if you were the president what would you
do if you were the president they should
have a real answer and that answer
shouldn't be oh I don't want to be the
president I have a violent revolution
right violent revolutions are pretty
ugly events and which lots of people die
and they're pretty horrendous
I I think that that people should want
socialism because they want to make the
country a better place I don't think
they should want socialism because they
want to get out their adolescent anger
or get some cathartic revenge or
something like that I think it's it's
problematic that for a lot of young
people their attraction to socialism is
almost an expression of their alienation
I think that could change if there were
some kind of mass socialist or communist
movement in the United States I think it
would attract people and people would
functioning and it would operate in a
bit of a different manner but I think
that's a problem that the left faces
especially in the Western world at this
time there's a level of alienation and
you know it attracts people that that
don't have a constructive mindset that's
why you know there's this book that I
just published city builders and vandals
in our age is about you know my critique
of the left in in some ways and my
history I linked socialism I go back to
Julius Caesar I go back to to you you
know I think socialism is the modern
incarnation of what you could call the
city building tendency throughout human
history in which there has been a
progressive side of human beings who
want to advance and get to a higher
stage and I think socialism is really an
expression of people trying to get to
something better and build a better
world in advance that it's human
progress that defines Marxism in the
Marxist ideology so I agree with you
there
okay um yeah okay um so for the third
point for the baking thing I would you
say that banking needs to be in the
hands of the state are you saying that
like all banks all credit cards all
lenders that this is stuff that should
be handled by like the federal
government or state governments like if
it was up to me yeah I think should a
government operation so this includes
like like all forms of lending so things
like credit cards and and everything is
yeah way that's my view yes so when it
comes to like setting like interest
rates and whatnot for banks is this
stuff that like people would vote on or
would you hire like technocrats to
figure this stuff out as well or I'm
just curious I think obviously the
government would have to appoint people
that knew what they were doing there I
don't think average people should be
voting on interest rates okay gotcha
okay I don't think that's too
controversial I think there are some
states that have countries that have
like banks where the banking is coming
elexander Hamilton advocated a National
Bank for the United States it's not
really a new concept many countries have
it okay and then
on the on the economic Bill of Rights um
what do you mean when you referred to
this well Franklin Delano Roosevelt
before he died in one of his final State
of the Union addresses he advocated that
we provide housing for people that we
provide a job to people we provide
people with education and I think that's
a great idea I think people should have
these things social democratic countries
have them European welfare states have
them there's no reason we shouldn't
provide our citizenry with with health
care there's no reason we shouldn't
provide people with education
um I think you know I tell people I'm a
socialist because I believe in hard work
right that I think that every person
should be viewed as an asset to the
country right I think that every
person's talent and skills should be
unleashed and I all right now one of the
greatest tragedies of capitalism there's
so many young people who are full of
creativity and potential but yet because
of capitalism they're stuck you know
sweeping floors at McDonald's or doing
some job that is not rewarding to them
and and I think the job of the socialist
government we defined the skills of
Americans and unleash them to build a
better country overall and that would
require not allowing people's lives to
just simply be left up to whatever is
profitable for a corporation I think
state central planning you know is a
good thing and it could result in
strategically building up the country
and building a better life and right now
the country is suffering from
deindustrialization I would do the same
thing that Wall Street and and London
have done to places like Africa and
South America
they're now doing to places like
Pennsylvania and Ohio and and Wisconsin
right that the country is being looted
by big international corporations that
have no loyalty to anything but their
own profits and in my youtube lives that
I do every week one of the slogans that
I've tried to popularize is we need a
government of action to fight for
working families we need a government of
action to fight for working families
this notion that the government is best
that governs least you know just let the
economy take care of itself that has
gotten us into a rut in this country
statecraft
the notion that the government has an
obligation to serve the people I think
that needs to be revived how's that
yeah you don't disagree with any of it
the government that governs lease is the
best is a really really stupid slogan it
sounds like something a lousy fair
liberal would say or something so
backing up to the first part of this
every person's talent should be
unleashed so obviously it's not a policy
it's it's an aspiration sure so like in
your ideal economy how do you like how
do you dish out like jobs to people how
do we decide like who fills what jobs I
guess like the most like vulgar way is
like whoever this country's garbage men
like how do you deal with this type of
work well I I would assume that the
public sector would have ways when they
have an opening people would apply for
the job and whoever is running that
department in the public sector would
hire them and the private sector would
continue to hire based on what they felt
was best and yeah well but like what in
in a socialist system where we're trying
to unleash everybody's talent and they
don't have to work like bad jobs like
well how do you fill out these types of
positions what if you get like 75% of
the population wants to be teachers or
something or nobody wants to apply for
some of these jobs somebody wants to
work at McDonald's or Burger King right
well the Works Progress Administration
and which Roosevelt hired millions of
unemployed people and put them to work
building things like Key West highway or
were the airport LaGuardia Airport here
in New York City or post offices is a
great example of you have lots of
unemployed people so you hire them to do
things that benefit the country overall
like pave the roads like like like build
things right um that those programs only
worth but it should step in and mobilize
the public to rebuild the country's
infrastructure before that but those
programs only work under the threat of
capitalism because if you don't get that
job and you don't do that that policy
that the government is like implementing
for it for those jobs things you'll
starve or you won't have a house right
those only work under the under that
kind of like implied violence in your
state would it still now same I guess
sorry well I I think that people I think
we shouldn't need a welfare state
because people should have universal
employment that's kind of my thinking
right is that we shouldn't have to give
money to people that don't have a job
because everyone should have a job and
then you think that like so right now
generally if there's a demand for a job
we pay more for it and if there's too
much too many people worried for job we
don't pay as much for it
right just have like an organization
that's
that's like this is how many of these
jobs we need and you hope that people
apply for it and if we need more
government garbage men and people aren't
applying for the job they'll have to
incentivize more pay for people to
become garbageman I don't I don't have a
problem with that yeah how is this that
you describing capitalism if you have a
higher demand for like a certain type of
directed by the state with the state
making a determination about what we
need the state says oh we need to go
repave the roads they hire people to go
and repave the roads they don't just say
oh let's hope if corporation doesn't
make profits from it well but what
you're describing is like less efficient
capitalism right so like a market would
say we need this job filled it's not
getting filled so we increase the wages
paid for this job to get somebody else
to work it if you're saying well we
could just have a government decide to
do this it's literally doing capitalism
but less efficiently well actually no
the markets not saying that right now in
the USA we have a free-market economy
and our roads are crumbling and our
water is not being properly purified and
we are electrical power plants are in
shambles and capitalists continue to
make more and more profits we don't you
know I think that's that's the opposite
we need a public transportation system
in this country that's efficient we
ought to have high-speed trains
connecting this country but the free
market it doesn't want to do that well I
think a central planner needs to step in
and say yes we do need that it would be
good for the country overall may not be
in the interests of Rockefeller and
Carnegie and DuPont but it's the in the
interests of the population overall why
don't we have high-speed trains here
China is because infrastructure isn't
something yeah world right this is China
state controlled corporations are
building the fastest trains in the
entire world I mean unbelievable but
socialism can invent anything socialism
never does anything right that's not
what you're saying I know sure that ants
had nothing to do with my question like
obviously their infrastructure problems
there is a lot of profit to be made in
these types of sectors so the government
would have to plan for these things
right much the same way that yeah that's
it's my point sure which which is like
dealing with industries where there
aren't strong profit incentives or where
the incentives might lead to strange
moral hazards or other types of
tomfoolery that aren't good so friends
is like in health care it's probably not
good to leave this up to the free
markets because it seems like there's a
lot of bad incentives here that ruin
that system but that's a far cry from
planning everything like all the job
in society yeah and we can't plan
everything I agree with you again
I don't think hotels should be run by
the government tech companies should be
private people want to invent a new app
or something why should the government
be in on that you need people that are
creative and want to make some money to
do that kind of thing no disagreement
there and I think that you know the
reason that everything was ultimately
nationalized in the Soviet Union was
because it was such an impoverished
country and then after the Russian
Revolution 15 countries invaded and
wrecked the place and you know so the
government stepped in and mobilized the
population to build it all needed it
they needed to transition toward a
market system in my view I'm so late I
confused about what you're actually
arguing for because it feels like at
some points we're jumping to very strong
arguments in support of central planning
and then at other points were literally
arguing new liberalism we're like oh
yeah like tech companies all of these
things private incentives are very good
there we should have capital investment
that's good but we just deal with roll
the lending of money the state should
control the major industries like steel
manufacturing like oil like you know the
oils of natural resource but you know
let's say the auto companies we bailed
them out how many times right the three
major auto companies because they pay
back the love because they paid back the
loans they were given we because they
paid back those loans they were just
given a free handout that was money did
they pay back with interest to the
federal government and it protected a
lot of American jobs something days
should be under public ownership I think
wait does that include like tech
industries like Facebook or what does
that include like like tech companies in
like Facebook or major companies like
hotel owners like thing that's that's an
interesting question I haven't thought
about that but you know think about it
though Facebook is kind of a monopoly
and there's some people that argue that
Facebook should be considered a utility
rather than considered to be a private
company because it is a virtual monopoly
and let's remember Silicon Valley was
created basically because you know the
US government made a strategic decision
I mean loaning from the CIA from the NSA
you know I mean the tech revolution was
a result of government intervention
largely because we saw this a strategic
way to defeat the Soviet Union that's a
big there's a far cry from the very
basic like inventions or innovations or
discoveries of the public sector Meigs
versus the private sector taking those
things and doing the necessary work to
bring it to market
right we don't have imax we don't have
like matte Buddhist social media I
wouldn't have a problem with that I
think a strong argument could
sure I'm just I'm trying to figure out
because I'm like I don't know like I
because in some ways you literally sound
like a sock dumb you sound like a social
democrat or maybe even a neoliberal and
then in other ways you sound like a full
the economy should function according to
profits but we should give people stuff
at the same time we should have social
welfare programs I'm saying we need
central planning with a market sector ok
I have a question I have a question from
chat cuz I'm I'm a bit confused on that
too because it does sound like you're
arguing for social democracy but so
there's a question from chat it said so
in these industries that you say could
be private say a hotel would you give
the ownership to the workers in that
situation or would you allow a private
capitalist to own the hotel himself
personally I think that it would be
better if it was a cooperative of the
workers because it would be run better
because every worker would get a share
of the profits and as a result they
would be motivated to do the best job
they possibly could they wouldn't just
be getting a wage but the more their
profits increased the more the wages of
the average person went so if it was up
to me if I were the magic wave tater at
the type of medical country I would say
yes every worker has a share and ok wait
can I can I make it can I take can I
make a rule for this conversation and
then you Faraday you figure out everyone
if wasn't it yes you can't weasel out of
giving an answer to say well personally
I would say this right everything you
say is personally we're trying to figure
out like what do you think is like the
ideal form of government or economic
system to run a country not into every
need agree to specific but like it's
very weaselly to say like oh well
personally I would like this time
because like what does that mean do you
think it should happen or that the
government should do it or that's just
like you're randomly giving us like your
random opinion that's not relevant like
I don't understand that where that
retreat to like well personally I think
this should happen I don't think it's a
fair way to opine ISM right if you read
there's a very good pamphlet by
Frederick angles right
socialism utopian and scientific and
that that was you know prior to Marxism
that was the big idea right people would
go out into the middle of the woods and
you know in Indiana and build their
ideal socialist society or you know
utopianism is a different trend Marxism
recognizes that socialism comes into
being as a result of contradictions in
society and millions of being people
being pushed into motion it doesn't come
into existence because somebody draws up
a really nice blueprint and I think
that's what I'm trying to stay away from
I think
so that's the fundamental difference
here and that Marxism is not a utopian
doctrine Marxism is a scientific
understanding of how society works okay
but like you can't say that when I asked
like well how does this work and go well
a lot of people have a different idea of
how it should work like that's not like
an answer to the question at all yeah
yeah making it difficult for us to argue
I know I can see that and I understand
your frustration but I'm just telling
you you know I think that society should
be controlled by the people and the
major centers of economic power should
be controlled by the state but when it
comes to individual nitty-gritty
I almost I'm not concerned about it I
you know it's like I could have to tell
you what my personal opinion is but
that's not really relevant in the debate
of capital yeah but the problem is you
end up hijacking a lot of my talking
points and now I like in some places I'm
find that I'm almost arguing against
like my own social democratic point of
view
so when you say like society should be
controlled by the people it already is
we live in a democratic republic we vote
on people that vote on policies on our
behalf and that's how our society works
so I mean obviously as somebody that
lives in a democratic republic I agree
with that then when you say well large
companies should be controlled by the
state
I still have no idea and Faraday if I'm
being unfair you can step in and say no
he did explain this I have no idea what
your metric or rubric is for deciding
what to nationalize or what not to
nationalize now to be fair oh so because
it feels like every time I ask this
every socialist says well that's not
fair I don't know the nitty-gritty so
the way that I would answer this
question is well yeah they always they
always retreat back to these vague
things well people disagree on things
well I don't know the nitty-gritty these
are absurd hypotheticals so some of you
don't ask me well okay destiny well how
do you think something should be
nationalized or something zone because
you think public utilities are good
don't you that I would say yeah there
are some things that need to be
state-owned when there are externalities
or market failures that make it
impossible for a profit motive to align
with public interest then that is
something that probably should be
nationalized so for instance in the case
of utilities there is a massive upfront
investment required to run utilities to
every single individual house it's not
realistic to expect that companies could
compete here that would be a market
failure right this high barrier to entry
so you socialized it or if we look at
something like health care where there
might be a ton of profit incentives
involved
and obfuscating your ability to receive
health care in the way that you consume
it prices are wildly distorted right if
we have people dying because of a profit
motive attached to health care well
that's not good that's not something we
want so our profit motive doesn't align
there so in cases like these where there
are market failures that make it so that
the motivation the profit motive whether
it's healthcare pollution or whatever
don't align with what we consider to be
the public interest those are the things
where the government steps and regulated
that would be my answer to questions
like these so when I ask you okay
oh cool then your ass öktem then we
don't disagree on anything because every
social state cops like my talking points
were you because you just did early well
hotel snow should be proudly ranked
honestly okay because of a lot of
distortion and propaganda and and and
dismissal of the realities of what
happened people don't agree with this
right but most social democrats don't
ask advocate nationalizations of what
you just said they're about I don't hear
Bernie Sanders ever get up and say that
we should nationalize things he's
talking about nationalizing health care
what do you mean is about giving people
free college and health care he doesn't
talk about nationalizing things like you
just did I you Scott waitress firstly so
Social Democrats are generally opposed
to nationalizing things they believe in
capitalism right that's like a defining
feature of a social democrat firstly
nowadays nowadays yes okay maybe not in
the 20's or whatever like but nowadays
that it's like a defining feature of a
social democrat secondly bernie has
talked about nationalize I think
Bernie's talked about nationalizing
healthcare good okay I thought he was
single payer where it's like the state
insurance company but the hospitals are
still private oh I don't know if he's
talking about privatizing all the height
it wouldn't surprise me but okay so he's
talking about nationalizing like all of
the insurance stuff but not maybe not
necessarily the hospitals I'm not one or
something but okay okay right yeah I
think that's that's the difference
but yeah where do you want to go next
I'm having a great time
so it seems like your definition it is
very similar to social democracy it's
just that for you you would you you
would nationalize more interest
industries where you think countries
like Norway don't but don't they don't
they nationalize a lot of industries in
these countries as well um if you look
at Norway you look at Sweden overall the
economy functions on
basis of profits there's a lot of
progressive taxation there's a lot of
social programs that are administered to
people good thing not opposed to that
but it's still a capitalist market
economy I think that's the difference
that the major centers of economic power
despite a few nationalization still
function on the basis of what's
profitable okay okay I'm so confused you
help me work this one out in other ways
as well yeah because you're talking
about like well hotels should exist
privately but they should be co-ops this
is a form of market socialism so it's
like a market economy so it's a market
economy good yes okay so you're in favor
of like market-based systems but then
this seems to run contrary to a lot of
the central plan you want to do or you
want to centrally plan some industries
and like a mixed economy I guess
subordinated by the state if there's
state central planning if productions
not being carried out simply according
to profits you know one thing about the
market sector in China for example is
that these private companies are also
controlled by the government at any
point the government can show up and say
yeah we want you to produce this instead
of this and they can't go this is my
private company you know even private
companies are subject to state overall
dictates and central planning I think
that's obscured too right now you you
know in in this kind of society that
that I guess since we're doing this but
I envision right we would have private
companies but at any point you know the
state could show up and say okay private
company your job is to do what the state
central plan says to do you know so is
it different is the difference in your
system who has more influence over the
government like in terms of like
capitalist would have less influence the
difference is the difference is that in
a capitalist economy did you say that
Trump just said here's a great example
Trump said on Twitter he said I hereby
order our great American companies to
stop doing business with China or to
start thinking about stopping or
whatever you can't do that because
they're private companies they have they
have the right to do it I envision a
society in which we had a government of
action that would fight for working
families that would be able to go to the
companies and say I hereby order you to
do this it's in the interest of public
overall or the right of private property
on the part of business owners woody
Trump the right of a good Society and
making sure people have what they need
on the part of the population over
oh wait so wait so you I'm sorry I kind
of Miss Selleck do you think that Trump
should be able to tell people not to
sell the certain countries or in a
hypothetical socialist society yes okay
yes I mean the reason that his command
on Twitter was meaningless the reason it
was meaningless is because we don't have
socialism here in China
President Xi said I hereby order this
private company to do something they
would have to do it here No welcome I
don't know you have more questions for a
day or anything when III don't have any
more questions there anywhere else you
want to take the conversation either one
of you I don't know I mean I don't like
modern-day China I've been watching a
lot of stuff recently like on the
weekers is pretty scary or the amount of
like media suppression that goes on
there you know the Great Firewall of
China and all of that is pretty spooky
but I mean I'm guessing or I would hope
that you probably don't defend these
types of policies and I I'm not China's
lawyer so I you know I I know everyone
I've ever talked to from there says
there are big concerns about human
rights so you know I again I'm not
interested in defending human rights
violations I will say that the economic
miracle that's happened there is a
result of socialism and it's a result of
central planning and that you know
there's always talk about Hong Kong
right now let's talk about why was Hong
Kong seized from China to begin with
because of the opium wars right when
China tried to tell the British Empire
they didn't want opium to pour into
their country they tried to take control
of their economy and the British
declared war on them and forced them to
be part of this free market capitalist
global economy now some sources are now
saying that up to a hundred million
people died 100 million people died as a
result of those opium wars of the forest
importation of narcotics of keeping
China a colony that wasn't able to to
industrialize and have its own
industries and and you know that's
capitalism that's the global free market
system that Adam Smith right that's the
invisible hand working its way but shine
now having broken out of that system
seized control of its economy has been
able to come out of those hold on I
can't this I can't that like that's
imperialism I don't think that's
necessarily capitalism imperialism is
cap
in its monopoly stage okay then fine
that's well that's great then but the
wiggers when the Weger is being
massively deported from their home sure
then the weekers then the wager
then the Weger is being massively
deported from their homes and and having
their children stolen from them and then
being like sent off into random camps or
whatever that's like the end goal of
like the the like the extreme like
socialist world where you have to
re-educate your people where you murder
farm people when you plan famines in the
soviet union to kill some people i'd
like i don't think that even the
staunchest defender of the chinese
government would say the way they are
now is the end goal right so cool so is
capitalism you can have are you trying
to tell me you can't have imperialism
are you doing to tell me was a slave are
you trying to tell me they like
socialism would be a great advance over
capitalism it would get us toward the
ultimate vision in the world is so much
technology and so much abundance we
could get rid of you know we could get
rid of any need for coercion it's the
ultimate vision maybe thousands of years
in the future that's from each according
to his own ability to each according to
his need is the ultimate vision but but
socialism is a method it's a method that
countries in the impoverished world have
utilized to raise their people up out of
poverty to industrialize and they've had
quite a few success sure and has half
cap has him as under eyes as being the
entire experience sure and as have
capitalist nations as well if we want to
attribute on all of it to the economic
systems capital would you agree with
that that capitalism has lifted hundreds
of millions of people out of poverty of
socialism has no I wouldn't I would say
capitalism is keeping people in poverty
and I would wait you don't you don't
think capitalism isn't led to the
advancement of like technology and
living conditions it's like this is like
the reverse Republican mean we're like
instead of every bad thing being played
Republicans do a lot of dumb [ __ ] where
they blame every bad thing that's ever
happened on socialism which is absurd
but now we're doing this thing where we
blame every good thing that like during
the massive period of industrialization
on this planet in some of these
countries are the largest populations on
earth we attribute those industrial as I
industrialized countries to socialism
but we don't get to claim anything under
capitalism but capitalism is still at
fault when some people start on a
capitalism like credit for the advanced
over feudalism
we've been why did you disagree
so did that so did socialism so did the
USSR slavery didn't just happen under
capitalist Stalin made homosexuality
illegal again Stalin wanted to kill the
Jews as well the USSR killed millions of
history is that it is like a train
speeding forward but we've gotten to the
point where capitalism is no longer a
viable answer it's making things worse
it's holding back human progress but yes
capitalism is definitely at advanced
over what was there before but don't say
it didn't come without cost I mean the
the breaking up of the feudal Commons in
Britain for example right in order to to
take all these people off the feudal
estates and comments involved the
killing of thousands and thousands of
people King Henry the eighth
you know I ended up hanging people for
the crime of being homeless for vagrancy
they're hanging vagabonds the genocide
and the Scottish islands right I mean I
mean capitalism's creation involved mass
theft right they always say socialism is
back will it involve mass theft and it
involved mass killing in order to create
capitalism and and to to break apart I
never said there wasn't a cost to
capitalism but you must like you're
literally saying capitalism involved
mass theft and then in the breath
earlier you were saying that we need to
X Pro create forcefully a lot of
industries it states that's math stuff
as well so I mean like socialism in all
of its forms today has no social capital
is all just earned it you know your
friend Jill the bar owner Bob the pizza
shop owner yeah he earned it by the
sweat of his brow I don't have a problem
with him I have a problem with the
billionaire our bankers that run the
world and run it through a system in
which they profit from keeping the world
poor billion so firstly I don't even
know what's happening I don't even
doesn't even make sense from a
capitalist point of view you don't wait
that doesn't exist you don't want to you
don't what what destiny go now it
doesn't even make sense you don't want a
poor world right like people are trying
to make that were the rest of the world
like wealthier because you want more
people to sell goods to like that's like
a super basic tenet of capitalism it's
why capitalism has become so woke
recently in the United States with a
with people selling like gay at
Tyson for Gillette razors or for people
selling movies with black people
capitalist one as many people included
in their [ __ ] as possible so that they
can sell the maximum amount of goods and
make as much money you know irrespective
of anything else this idea that like it
demands that certain people be kept out
is not true now does it happen under
capitalist systems yeah of course that's
the same way that it can happen under
any economic system because any economic
system is going to necessarily be
reflective of the underlying values of
those people you are never going to take
a country full of people that hate Jews
and black people and give them socialism
and now all of a sudden they're like oh
man I love black people and Jews because
there are workers now that never happens
it hasn't happened it won't ever happen
much the same way that a capitalist
society full of people that hate black
people are probably going to be pro
slavery or are probably going to be
against you know selling goods or
services to black people in certain
towns like I don't think that solving
these types of social issues is
reflective of any kind of economic
system that's insane all right I don't
know at the end but I will say that yes
the way the Western capitalist system
keeps its power is by keeping countries
as impoverished captive markets for
example NAFTA is a great example if you
look at Mexico I'm reading to you from
the New York Times under NAFTA as a
result 20 million Mexicans live in food
poverty 25% of the population does not
have access to basic food and one-fifth
of Mexican children suffer from
malnutrition as the u.s. heavily
subsidized corn other staples poured in
New Mexico producer prices dropped and
small farmers found themselves unable to
make a living some two million people
have been forced from their farms right
Mexico is not producing its own food
it's a captive market it's importing
American food and it's devastated the
country Mexico is poor and American
agribusiness stays rich that's
capitalism that's why we had the
American Revolution the British Empire
was trying to tell us here in the United
States that we couldn't develop our own
industries we had to buy from the
British and as a result we had a
revolution so that we could develop our
own economy and the same thing the
British Empire was doing to us
capitalism and the huge multinational
corporations are doing around the world
keeping countries like 80 countries like
Nigeria countries like India captive
markets and countries are constantly
fighting to try and break out of this
and
the socialist revolutions of the 20th
century they didn't happen in Western
Europe as Marx had predicted they happen
in the developing world because
capitalism was keeping these countries
as impoverished captive markets without
their own industries without their own
economic growth and keeping them as
basically vassals as dependent States
client states that are impoverished and
suffering and socialism was those
countries breaking out planning their
economy and industrializing like because
I talked with Kyle kolinsky about this I
don't know I would love to read where
these bizarro anti-nafta studies are
coming from I've seen like very pointed
anti-nafta like propaganda that will
hyper focus on like specific industries
that say like well corn markets were
disproportionately impacted in Mexico
and so many jobs were lost here but like
Mexico was one of the large winners in
NAFTA and this is something that I've
seen like universally heralded like
exports under farm exports in Mexico you
can't say sure to that you just
literally told me that NAFTA - the [ __ ]
all over Mexico's economy with we so
know in the New York Times the United
States pain November 24th 2013 I guess
they're lying - I'm sorry are you
literally citing me and up Edie to tell
me that that opinion piece is somehow
reflective of the economic consensus on
NASA yes I'm citing something that even
the New York Times what the New York
Times is that week you New York Times is
not an economic journal why are you
telling me that even the new also wheat
is this I'm sorry I'm sorry wait a
second is this article who's the author
of this article the author is Laura
Carlson
what is her background is this like is
this literally like an opinion piece or
was this written like in a statement
against interest
the New York Times even they would admit
what it is done to Mexico I think is
very strong or while while we're at it I
have the CIA World Factbook statistics
of life expectancy in front of me
Cuba's life expectancy is 78 point nine
years the Dominican Republic another
country in the Caribbean that's part of
the Western capitalist system 71 years
Jamaica 74 Honduras 71 Guiana
60
eight Mexico 76 Guatemala 71 Haiti 64
come on right capitalism capitalism is
the answer why are all these countries
that are part of the free trade system
are part of the global capitalist system
impoverished and Cuba a country with a
centrally planned economy has achieved a
much higher life expectancy okay I don't
know about life expecting me we're
jumping onto a totally of an argument
okay so like it's somebody linked me
this article so just reading it right
like this person literally says like
damages were done to like
Mexico's agricultural sector it doesn't
mention the massive gains made in the
industrial sector hundreds of thousands
of manufacturing jobs were created in
Mexico I think it's like 20 percent of
car imports in the United States come
from Mexico these are jobs that paid
citizens more money than the farming
jobs that led to a greater
industrialization in Mexico these parts
she literally in the next like paragraph
of this article just says well as a
result of some of these agricultural
practices 20 million Mexicans live in
food poverty that's not a causal link
like how many Mex is wait so you telling
me that price so prior to NAFTA every
citizen of Mexico was well-fed totally
well nourished had all sorts of it like
no come on this is ridiculous
in Mexico if that were happening in
Venezuela we'd be told see socialism did
it but it happens in Mexico and we're
told oh you know you know I've even had
a lot of libertarians trying to tell me
that Mexico must be socialist because
it's poor right because everyone knows
capitalism leads to prosperity that's
simply not the facts III like I can't I
we should i I can't actually like I
can't argue against a New York Times
op-ed on this let's no I mean like we I
mean like if you want like we can take
their because like I've read so many
like the New York Times does not defend
economic I don't care what the New York
Times says but the economic impact is
now if like Krugman or somebody's like
writer Craig man is writing an article
or something talking about like is like
I'm sure I'm interested in reading that
or if Bohr Haas is writing something on
immigration and he submits an op-ed but
random like people writing articles in
the New York Times I'm gonna appeal to
like the wider studies that look at like
now if
economic impact or we can read things of
like the Council of Foreign Relations or
we can read things that are published in
like different economic journals to see
like the actual impact I'm like
appealing to a single opinion article on
a New York Times thing I think that
people throughout those sources you'd
listed would would agree about the
conditions in many of the capitalist
countries of the world I mean this is
the CIA world factbook I just read you
the life expectancies throughout the
countries what do you think that proves
what
what does that prove what does
life-expectancy prove what is yeah right
who cares if people die sooner I mean
okay alright it doesn't matter
wait what do you think I just asked wait
what was the question I just asked you
said what does life expectancy prove
okay do you think that means I want
people to die early apparently you're
saying it doesn't matter how long know
what I'm asking you is what do we think
what I'm asking you is would either when
you're improving people's life
expectancy and their access to health
care and their quality of life that's a
good thing but what does it prove what
I'm saying is that just because you've
seen increase in life experiences a
quick thing just because life expectancy
improves one that's not even necessarily
reflective of positive underlying things
and two yet doesn't necessarily mean you
can attribute it solely to like an
economic organization or a particular
government so for example one country
might have access to more food than
another country that country might
become more obese and you might see a
decrease in the life expectancy type-2
diabetes can lead to anywhere from a
seven to 13 year decrease on your
lifespan right so if you were to compare
the life expectancy of two countries
like that this is just one example out
of 50 trillion potential hypotheticals
maybe the increase in immigration to the
United States the lower average life
expectancy of say African Americans or
Hispanic people are keeping the life
expectancy of the United States down
compared to other socialist countries
just appealing to one stat and saying
well the life expectancy in Cuba is
higher than the life expectancy 96 that
that doesn't prove anything so when I
ask like well what does that mean that
stat meat is totally meaningless
I don't think Cuba's life expectancy is
higher than the United States I think
it's pretty close but I don't think it's
it's higher I'm reading to you from The
Guardian November 27 2016 quote Cuba's
literacy rate is at 100%
it's life expectancy parallels first
world nations despite limited funding
and supplies the country's ratio of
doctors to patients its proactively
community centered approach to
healthcare has long been the envy of
Western countries not police the UK I
think that's an example of central
planning improving people's lives okay
okay III don't think so but it's I guess
it's another I have smell that stems
from Chad if we want to do that for a
second circle so Caleb what do you think
about the importance of making sure the
state is under working-class control
under socialism well I think that is
absolutely necessary and that I will say
that I don't equate mere state ownership
with socialism Saudi Arabia for example
almost everything is run by the
government but the government simply
facilitates the making of profits by the
Saudi royal family the Asian Tigers
there's a very heavy amount of state
controlled Singapore Taiwan countries
like that but it's facilitating the
making of profits the economy simply
funks and functions for the benefit of a
small group of capitalists they simply
have a heavy state involvement in it
socialism is when you have a state
apparatus that is not working on behalf
of capital which is rooted in
communities you know the Communist Party
has 90 million members in China I've
seen the Bolivarian circles that exist
in in Venezuela you know I mean you know
in Cuba they have the committees to
defend the revolution and that these are
states that come out of a mass
mobilization of the population and the
mass movement and bringing in of people
into the political process and and I
think that state ownership in and of
itself is not the definition of
socialism it's it's a state that
controls the means of production I think
that's the difference okay another
question from from Albin can we really
have Chinese style control of the
economy without Chinese style oppression
of citizens I'd be scared of Trump being
able to say what a business can do this
is a big question I have to it's like
one of my fears of socialism is it's
going to require an authoritarian
government that might have too much
oversight and then we could end up with
what we've seen in Russia or China what
would your response to that be well I
share a lot of the concerns people have
about
I do think you know and I do want to
point out and I I do want to point out
that you know not everything we
necessarily hear in American media you
know is the whole story there's a great
article from The Washington Post about
you know China's a social credit system
and how some of the reporting may not
have been completely balanced and
accurate about it but at the same time I
share your concerns and we have to
remember that these are countries that
are part of the developing world and
they're building socialism under
extremely hostile conditions they're
being invaded they're they're fighting
for their lives and they have a very
authoritarian political model as a
result of that and I don't believe the
American people would ever accept a
socialist society that didn't grant them
the right to free speech and the right
to freedom of assembly and freedom of
religion I don't think the American
people would ever accept that but it's a
concern and it's a fair concern right
the scary thing is though you can see
authoritarianism in capitalism all over
the place Saudi Arabia is a capitalist
country they still cut off people's
heads in public right I mean you know
take a look at South Korea's national
security laws you can go to prison in
South Korea a young man I believe did go
to prison for retweeting Kim Jong Kim
jong-il and that that authoritarianism
is something that Everitt societies
implement in response to hostile
conditions and human rights are
something we should all be striving for
and and let me add that you know the
notion that human rights are separated
from economy is a dangerous notion right
no one was talking about human rights
until like 1400s in Europe right the
notion of an elected government and
things like that we started to see it
some in Greece and Rome but ultimately
you know the rights of man and all that
people weren't just evil until then but
try to run a subsistence economy at the
level of development they had in
feudalism where everyone can say
whatever they want and think whatever
they want and have whatever religion
they want wouldn't work out too well
that as prosperity increases and as
people's economic conditions increase
the level of freedom also increases and
China's a lot more free in terms of
freedom of religion in terms of freedom
of speech than they were during the Mao
era and I think that has a lot to do
with the fact that they have rapidly
industrialized since that time and that
they are much more prosperous society
when the government is secure and it's
not facing an onslaught of people that
want to violently overthrow it when
there is a higher level of prosperity
you generally get more freedom now
that's not a perfect rule
there's many exceptions to that but III
think that the way out of not just not
just the issue with human rights but a
lot of the problems we have the way out
of the dressing is is with development
that prosperity when you get rid of
poverty you can also get rid of drug
gangs you can also get rid of terrorism
and that there is an economic component
to a lot of the problems plaguing the
world and a lot of the problems that
socialist countries have had has been
based on the fact that they're facing a
level of scarcity they also tend to be
facing a level of you know imperialist
attack now that doesn't mean you know
that they everything they did was right
I'm not gonna sit here and deny that
things that shouldn't have happened
happened and but I think the human
rights and economic development are
fundamentally tie real quick so just
because I because it sucks because I
don't know like every random fact like
[ __ ] there's so much stuff that I let
slide so like earlier when we talked
about like the great successes of Cuba
right so the Cuban life expectancies
seventy nine point seven four years and
then we talked about the horrendous
Mexico that's been looted and destroyed
by capitalism their life expectancy
seventy seven point twelve years right
there's like less than a three year
difference in life expectancy of these
countries this is one of the reason why
I say pointing to single stats doesn't
really prove like any particular story
because it's still lower than by the two
and a half years okay
so firstly secondly our or Mexico
sanctions on Mexico I mean the fact that
Mexico you know and still you know a
free-market country that it's supposed
to have the greatest system in the world
of free trade still can't even do better
than Cuba raises some questions but okay
well I mean Mexico is you know doctors
also aren't becoming taxi drivers to
make money because the state doesn't
provide them with any I don't know if
I'm gonna believe Cuba's 100% literacy
rate also because the government has
trained a lot of people to become
doctors they have actually ban ki-moon
called it the greatest what is it the
greatest the world's most advanced I'm
sorry the world's most advanced medical
school and that's one thing the Cuban
government has subsidized a lot is
training people to become doctors
there's a lot of people who are doctors
and they're not actually you know you
know they don't have a place for them in
the medical system
sure it's kind of bizarre that like sure
it's pretty crazy that so many of their
people are doctors and they've done all
these amazing things and in the United
States which has so many problems with
health care our life expectancy is like
a year within the Cubans very fully
industrialized country that has been
industrialized for hundreds of years I
think there's a bit of a difference
there Cuba was an impoverished colony
for a long time and it's broken free and
it's had huge achievements I totally
agree with you do you notice how you try
to cite a single stat to defend like a
broader economic argument but anytime I
point out these stats anytime I point
anytime that I point out the like come
on no dude this is not fair no no no no
no no what you're doing is you'll cite
like one number like it proves a point
Lena when I asked you earlier I very
specifically asked her I said what does
life expectancy matter right and and I
guess you heard it was like well I like
it when people live longer but no but my
point was then I'm right no no no come
on let me finish my point man one point
you've talked for no sanas conversation
okay Mike my point was that like you
can't just cite one number and say that
that's indicative of like the overall
health of a country that's absurd and
then when I point out that your number
when you look into the other numbers
doesn't even work now you're ready to
back up into oh well hold on well
there's more differences okay America's
more industrialized Cuba has had a
blockade it's like well okay so anytime
the numbers don't work in your favor now
context is incredibly important now we
need to back up and look at the whole
picture but any time you can just like
throw like one number and I notice it's
like socialist is all the time they play
like really fast and loose with like
particular facts you feel like you can
throw one out and it works you'll do it
but anytime I call it a question is a
stouter figure well now we need to look
at the greater context well there's a
reason why America even though we kill
ourselves all the time we're killing
ourselves with with drugs and fentanyl
and even though we do this we still have
a greater lie because well that's
because there's a broader reason for it
no I don't disagree with you that there
are broader reasons for these things
which is why I lacked when you cited
life expectancy as some mark of progress
for a country I'm sure that we can find
lots of countries that have better life
expecting the us that aren't more
advanced in a multitude of ways but that
yeah that was like I pointed out also
what would the you made a claim a long
time ago that the opium wars resulted in
I don't know if you said hundreds of
millions or millions of deaths the only
thing I've ever seen
are due this is like eighteen to twenty
thousand killed and wounded I'm just
curious why that millions of deaths
number came from well first of all as to
what you were saying before I think that
I was saying that the context actually
makes my point even truer the fact that
that Cuba's life expectancy is on par
with a fully industrialized country is a
big achievement um the second thing
about the opium wars that was I believe
recently in an article and in some
Chinese government sources who were
talking not just about the deaths in
terms of on the battlefield but the
result of opium being imported into the
country the results of them not being
able to develop their their industries
the famines that came out as a result I
mean it was an overall estimate you know
these estimates that you cite about a
hundred gazillion million people died
there based on this famine happened
there based on these people weren't able
to procreate there based on no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no wait
Haleh Tamar in Kazakhstan like the
deaths cited for these for these um for
these famines that happen and that in
the 1930s and in the USSR these are not
vague numbers from number of people not
born that is absolutely not true
well no but they're they're the result
of not of food shortages am i correct
they're they're estimates based on the
results of not having food the results
the it's the results of the famine
overall it's not just people why didn't
they have food not people who died in
the war that's my only point sure they
didn't have food because the government
made people stop farming to
industrialize the country which is one
of the great point you they
industrialized real fast they did it at
the cost of losing a lot of their
agriculture and in the cut and the
country stepped in and stole food from
some of the countries tried to murder
the people leaving and left a lot of
them to starve to death because the
central planning failed in terms of
allocating resources to its citizens I'm
not mistaken and then my under nineteen
seventy broke apart the state central
plan the Soviet farming system you know
the closed their doors and that now in
Russia they're having a big farming boom
because the Putin government is
subsidizing small farmers to open up and
and they're creating a huge amount of
government farms now that's my
understanding but I'm
I guess you're you're arguing that the
entire experience of Soviet agriculture
was just miserable failures and famines
the whole time I don't think that's
there okay I don't think I said that but
no but I'll go also you um you sure we
also mentioned something about like a
South Korean student being thrown in
jail for tweeting something or whatever
the North Korean stuff as the national
security laws which Human Rights Watch
have criticized many many mainstream
mean observers have criticized national
security laws in South Korea but yeah
sure so like early are you talking about
how like there weren't a lot of like
blatant Nazis in Germany right because
Germany is like pretty strict in terms
of like controlling like what type of
Nazi you know messages can be like even
for video games I think that might have
just recently reversed that but like
even for video games you kind of like
Nazi symbolism whatever right South
Korea has similar laws for like
worshipping or propagandizing or
whatever like the North Korean
government as well right sure whether
you're not for against it I it's really
strange so my point in raising that was
the authoritarian ISM can exist in
capitalism also that was my only sure
but also in in other forms as well like
for instance when North Korea locks
people in prisons who are visiting and
then kills them and then sends them back
to their other countries like a year
later like what happened to that one kid
that was visiting so I mean like this
like goes back to my earlier point that
these types of like horrible actions can
exist independent of economic systems
there no that's my point
yeah we're agreeing countries bad things
have happened in capitalist countries
but blaming every bad thing in the
Soviet Union on socialism and then
whenever it happens in capitalism saying
oh but that's the happen because of the
old there's a bad leader or something
like that well no I I just the way that
these things are discussed I don't know
any person who would deny that these bad
things have happened
you know maybe they would disagree about
the details about some of them but I'm
not here to do that but I don't know
anyone would deny that these things have
happened but the notion that it's always
because of socialism if it happens in a
socialist country and if it happens
under capitalism well it's because well
it's not true capitalism right yeah you
what you had these arguments right
problems yeah but like the difference is
that life was in every death in the
Soviet Union from the time of 1917 to
1991 was purely caused by Stalin and
communism fact is it that's Nair
is inconsistent the difference is we
have to be a little bit more honest when
we look at why certain people die or why
certain things happen under economic
systems
so in how United States when somebody
goes to the hospital and they can't
afford to get some tests to screen for
cancer and then they later died of it
because they didn't catch it early
enough this is a failure of capitalism
we have the resources they're literally
right there and the person can't access
it okay that is 100 NFL er capitalism
when you have a people who are told to
stop farming and then food isn't
rationed it to them and all of their
crops are requisitioned by the central
government as a part of central planning
and then those people starve three and a
half to seven and a half million of them
that is a failure of central planning of
socialism or communism do you agree or
do you think that these two things are
fundamentally different
I would agree okay cool culture was
mechanized and got tractors and
industrialized and and its successes
were also a success of central planning
but yeah when it failed and when it had
problems that was a failure of central
planning I know many people are critical
of the agricultural policies in the
1920s during the new economic policy the
Soviet government was pushing peasant
enriched yourself it was promoting
private farming then later they rapidly
collectivized very very rapidly and and
promoted collective farming and it was a
zigzag that was very dramatic and I've
heard very strong criticisms of that I
don't I am NOT an expert I'm not okay if
you want to take credit for stuff like
that sure if that's how we're gonna play
that that like the development of that
country like then I'm then I'm gonna say
that all of that agricultural
development that took place in the USSR
that was actually success of capitalism
because the tractor was invented in
America in the late 1800s so actually
all the tractors that the USSR was
producing more tractors than the United
States at that point and there's
state-run factories sure but it was off
of a US invention off of a capitalist
countries invention so okay so now if
something that that's an argument in its
favor where was the first cell phone
invented I don't know let's check 1957
in the Soviet Union using like satellite
technology and everything that we have
to know no the first mobile phone ever
created was in 1958 okay
hold on engineered Leonid Ivanovich
capri out of this so okay so I could be
wrong here but I'm pretty sure that
rifle the most efficient weapon gun I
should say right it's efficient it's not
the best at killing people there's a
reason why we don't use ak-47s today the
m16 break and then we can sell more it's
the military industrial complex the
ak-47 is a much more efficient weapon
well because the caliber is more lethal
as well five five six is superior to the
760 battle rifle rounds or whatever that
they break they're not durable you can
run over an a K with the tank and it
still works I don't think that most
rifles need to be field tested to be ran
over by tanks in the gun debate you can
go to many different okay sure yeah also
like they develop their own without
technology with a treaty the NATO treaty
barring them from getting any technology
from the West I mean the notion that the
central planning economies can't create
inventions can't advanced technology is
false um yeah I mean I don't necessarily
disagree with that i think that these
types of innovations can come from a lot
of different places sure it's just it's
very strange how we decide like what we
take credit for versus what we give like
what we don't take credit for I don't
know I just
okay I have to get a super check
question in here unless you guys want to
keep going back and forth on that so oh
wait real quick just on the car that
apparently in 1949 AT&T was the first
company to commercialize like mobile
telephone services I don't know like
where the idea which who in the USSR did
they do this earlier or 57 the Soviet
engineer Leonid Ivanovich cap Rianna
vich invented the first mobile phone
I've seen that many places you're
disputing that I mean I I can see it
disputed it's been disputed I mean okay
okay yeah um but that goes you know
we're always told that under socialism
no one ever invents anything because the
only people recent people invent things
is because of capitalism and all of that
and I think that spits in the face of
that and there's many Soviet inventions
I think I believe LED lights were also
invented in the
Union ok ok super chat question I mean
yeah okay yeah go for it but so this is
for you destiny under NAFTA Mexican
miner such as in Esqueda Sonora
for example export their local gold to
Americans for a virtual minimum wage do
more jobs mean a better economy
generally increased trade liberalization
is usually correlated with a better
economy but you have to make sure that
the gains that your economy is making is
compensating people for the losses that
are happening in specific sectors this
is something that we've tried to do a
lot in the United States and we've
generally failed at it
so for instance we push for things like
job retraining programs and whatnot but
generally it doesn't work so for
instance like in NAFTA certain
manufacturing sectors were hurt other
manufacturing sectors open the people
that lose their jobs tend to have a fart
a hard time finding replacement work so
this is something that still needs to be
addressed so I would expect that the
same things happen in Mexico as well a
lot of jobs opened up in manufacturing
there that didn't exist before
these jobs are superior to a lot of the
agricultural once they had however the
people that lost those agricultural jobs
are basically [ __ ] they need something
there has to be something to help them
out and the goal should be that if your
economy is overall making gains due to
an increase in liberalisation of trade
you're finding ways to redistribute
these gains to the people that are
disproportionately impacted by the
losses that are happening in specific
sectors of your economy so for instance
let's say they open up a manufacturing
plant in Mexico and now you're making a
ton of cars for the United States and
those people are getting awesome jobs
you should probably be taxed a little
bit and that money should be sent to
people whose jobs were lost as a result
of the liberalisation of that trade ok
that's a question I have for you what is
your a measure for quality of life in a
country um man that's really hard the
HDI there's like the Human Development
Index some people try to measure it more
broadly using psychological terms
development it's I don't have a good
answer for that that's a yeah I mean
like you can measure it like access to
like basic goods so like you have access
to like housing like food like
nourishing food not like junk [ __ ] food
things like the internet like there a
lot of like basic rights we can check
for there but yeah that's a really hard
cut to overall measure like the the
improve
a country the development of country is
a really difficult thing to do okay um
what can I say something on that yeah go
ahead
um well one index that I'm not
necessarily saying this is the best
index it's the world Happiness index and
I believe Jeffrey Sachs The Economist
who I have very strong disagreements
with is responsible for the world
Happiness index but I have in my hand
here actually their report from 2016 and
it lists the greatest increase in
happiness as happening in Nicaragua
under the leadership of the Sandinista
government the you know that has had a
huge amount of economic growth and
investment coming in from China and if
you compare the world happiness index
and other indexes of Nicaragua with a
socialist planned economy to free-market
countries like Guatemala like Honduras
there have been some pretty big economic
achievements in Nicaragua under the FSLN
government and I just think since we're
talking about that it's relevant to
bring that up that the world happiness
index Jeffrey Sachs no less who's
associated with neoliberalism now I
understand he's more more social
democratic but you know he lists the
greatest increase in happiness in 2016
as being in Nicaragua well I mean that
might be true but that doesn't really
mean anything right it could be that
nicaragua's happiness for instance prior
to some economics forms was incredibly
depressed compared to other countries of
every country in the world that's
capitalist has like massively hi like
happiness indexes then you would expect
to see the greatest gains always made by
developing nations regardless of
economic system right fair enough
okay a radical reviewer a radical
reviewer has a question for destiny
destiny inventions rely on military
scientists research and development
grants etc public funding can we really
credit capitalism for these inventions
um you can't really credit capitalism
for there's a lot of like baseline
research that isn't profitable there's a
lot of really [ __ ] good research that
happens that there's not like money to
be made off of and you would never
expect a market to solve for things like
this so a lot of like the groundwork
research has to be publicly funded there
has to be some public funding that goes
to universities for types of research
right like the internet being based off
of early military stuff there's not like
a multitude of inventions like medical
and technological that rely on
everything that came from our space
program like GPS satellites and
everything a lot of this is like
backs off of public funding it seems
like what capitalists are able to do is
they can take like some public funding
concept they can bring in outside
investors and then they can build a
product that you can actually sell the
consumers right like an average person
is never logging on to DARPA net to play
World of Warcraft that takes somebody
that wants to make money to get outside
investment well I mean it could
theoretically happen in a public sense
but right now in the United States under
a capitalistic sense outside money comes
in funds investment because people think
that they can sell a product that
consumers will want to buy yeah okay
destiny what what is your utopian
society this is a question for the super
chair my utopian society I guess it
would be there would be some baseline of
things that every person should have and
then there'd be like a baseline of time
that every person should have personally
I think it's really [ __ ] sad when
people have to work more than like 40
hours a week and even 40 might be
pushing it so people that have to work
two jobs people that have to work crazy
weird hours like like overnights are
changing every week like being able to
provide like a steady source of income
to people is good people should have
health care you should never have to
make a decision on whether or not to do
like a certain test because you don't
have money for it that's insanely [ __ ]
people should have access to quality
affordable food I don't know if I'm a
bride up housing obviously the fact that
we have like homeless people in any part
of the United States is very [ __ ]
weird that you can go to San Francisco
the richest city in the world almost and
walk outside of Starbucks and see it
literally mentally [ __ ] people
screaming at people that are just like
home that's insane to me so I mean like
any type of utopia would be one that can
allocate resources in a way to solve
these problems
I just typically choose to reallocate
resources off the backs of a successful
economic system through like taxation
rather than saying the economic system
itself should solve those problems
because I don't think that's possible
that's okay I'll do the last super tech
question for destiny then I'll let you
guys get your final statements dumped do
you love black people
yeah nice ma'am all right means aside go
ahead I can't let you go first with your
closing statements and then destiny you
can go well you know I I think it's
interesting I I don't know the meme I'm
not hip to the internet culture as much
as I should be but it is interesting to
note that you know dr. Martin Luther
King jr. who is I won the US citizenship
test what's one of the questions
they ask if you becoming that citizen
who was dr. Martin Luther King jr. well
Keenan him himself in the final years of
his life did advocate some form of
democratic socialism he said there is
something wrong with capitalism and I
think that we can learn from what went
on in the 20th century you know I don't
think that every person who drives a
Japanese car is responsible for the
crimes of Japan during the Second World
War and I think that that that socialism
has resulted in countries that were
deeply poor becoming global superpowers
I think capitalism and the rule of
profits is causing big problems here in
the United States and I think as I've
said many times on my youtube lives that
I do every week with a growing audience
that we need a government of action to
fight for working families and I think
that science and human creativity need
to be unleashed and that the greed and
irrationality of profits is getting in
the way of that
and I would like to see a new global
economy emerge in which you know it was
based on win-win cooperation which
instead of impoverishing countries to
enrich huge multinational corporations
countries were trading with each other
in a way that was mutually beneficial
I'm worried about the
military-industrial complex and the
prison industrial complex I'm worried
about big opioid corporations making
profits from getting people addicted I'm
worried about the irrationality of the
market and I'd like to see a society
come into existence where the market and
profits were not in control but human
reason and and the collective benefit of
the country was given priority we could
have a market sector sure but the means
of production would ultimately be forced
to work in the interest of society
that's how I see things and I I like
again I'll repeat Steve I like what
you're doing here Steven I'm sorry
Steven I like what you're doing here I'm
glad you had me on here you know it's
been a good discussion and you know keep
doing what you're doing keep engaging
with people all over the political
process you are what we need now more
than ever this kind of engagement where
we're actually talking about what we
think we're comparing our ideas I
believe this is the cure to a lot of the
problems we have in the United States of
America so thanks for having me on it's
been a pleasure yep yeah thank you
Kalyan
go ahead Steven yeah thanks Caleb I
appreciate the conversation I mean like
my basic talking points are the same as
you always have been
I don't think that an economic system
should deal in immorality economic
systems to just be as efficient and as
as efficient as possible resources
should be allocated in ways to grow the
economy the most as possible if you want
to like make moral prescriptions if you
want to say people should have health
care people should have housing that
should be done on the policy side of the
government if people want to make a [ __ ]
ton of have money off of housing doing
crazy unethical [ __ ] let him do it but
tax the [ __ ] out of ever do it use the
money spend it on section 8 housing find
a way to give it to people so that they
can buy houses let your economy function
the best as possible take the winnings
off that economy and distribute it to
the people that need it the most I think
that's the way that you grow the biggest
economy it's the way that you get the
biggest public budgets to spend the
money on the people that need it the
most and that's always been my position
and it'll always continue to be my
position until I see like some massive
successfully like socially planned or or
I'm sorry centrally planned system work
ok awesome alright to everybody in the
chat thank you for watching destiny
Maupin thank you for coming so I like
having these debates because they're fun
I learn a lot from them but if anybody
that doesn't know who I am I work on a
project where we try to Deer addict
allows people from extremist movements I
was featured in an article the front
page of the New York Times so please go
check out our discord channel if you'd
like to help D radicalize people out of
extremist movements or if you have any
resources or talents that you can offer
so thank you guys for coming and
everybody have a good day yeah thanks a
lot I appreciate being here yep all
right bye holy
kirino's
I'm your donation so yeah sorry there
you go have fun oh hey do you guys know
that if you have an Amazon Prime
capitalist subscription that you can
capitalist Li support my financial
endeavors by smashing that free Amazon
Prime button P og Gies destiny further
record Nicaragua is absolutely [ __ ]
right now yeah okay I said that I wasn't
gonna do any more like debate after
debate unless we started researching our
prior ones so I I'm feeling kind of lazy
now but I really want to let go through
this whole one I like fact-checking
every individual claim because like it's
very irritating to me that like lefties
keep saying like they'll like make this
vague appeal to like learn history learn
history learn history but like every
single time I start reading anything it
seems like all of my arguments are
supported so I feels good like we should
do research after like every one of
these conversations know it like knowing
more about like the USSR and like maoism
[ __ ] has actually helped me so much when
I get people that will start to like
jerk off like those systems of like
central planning like holy [ __ ]
otherwise they just have to like roll
over unlike all of those arguments so I
mean I guess like that all the research
is help so we just keep doing it why do
you let people interrupt you or say
ridiculous points on challenge as much
now I mean I try to write down
everything you say I dude it's okay
I kid I don't know how to address
somebody that wants to talk for like an
hour it's really frustrating me but like
I don't want to just say like hey dude
can you just answer my one question and
don't talk a lot like versus Pepe you
wins bonus meme sit in front of a
bookcase to look smarter
I'm glad that I called him out in the
beginning when he's when he tried to say
um did it feel to you like he was
bidding Strummer oh yeah wait what do we
call him out on
oh when he said when he claimed I was
using an absurd hypothetical I think
that me answering the hypothetical like
drives them to do it more as well which
is good right so now whenever somebody
says I'm using an absurd hypothetical
like I'll say a hypothetical and then
I'll answer it because I can because I
don't think these are absurd
hypotheticals politics BS and play some
well yeah and then I think it like it
pushes them to feel like they have to
give an answer as well but it really
felt like this guy had like flashcards
prepared it was like reading down
horseshoe theory is real is sitting in
front of a bookcase the Lafite
equivalent of an anime avatar also wash
your hair off listen Frank I just saw
last night chill why don't you bring up
MLK it's the full house of debates to be
fair the literature concerning central
planet is extremely limited you probably
find more about it if you're willing to
resort to rush hour Chinese text because
our system is a mixed market economy
based on your classical theory and what
we have developed a research and we
don't pay people to research central
planning well no but I mean like we can
see the impacts of like central planning
on a lot of these places no of course he
was reading that's why he'd respond to
stuff and completely unrelated points
would be yeah it felt a little weird
sometimes where I would ask a question
oh yeah so like when I started the
weirdest moment I got in that debate
where I was like this feels like very
strange and very wrong was when I said
like I don't think that central planning
is good like do you have examples of
like central planning working or how is
central planning good and he's like this
is a really common claim made that
socialism fails in every single country
it's ever been tries it wait what whoa
whoa what no no what I didn't say that
at all that sounds like some real dumb
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] yeah it felt like I
was talking to like one of those Google
chat BOTS is kind of weird yeah when he
would completely argue my points like
well CNN and MSNBC and it's like well
I'm not here to defend like mainstream
media are you finally done debating
lefties I saw I said I was gonna spend
like this week before I go to London
like I'll do this well
talk to [ __ ] lefties for the next few
days and then when I get back I'm done
with it I don't I don't like this I
actually don't like doing it this is one
of the few times I like one of my
predictions prior was actually
completely correct so if you remember
initially I said I didn't want a debate
left east because I thought they were
fringe positions with no relevance and
like actual like mainstream American
political discourse or even like
worldwide discourse and I just don't
care to waste my time on it and for the
most part it's like I think it's
entirely true like lefties have no idea
with the broader political conversation
and the in America is like like a lot
half these guys or at least on Twitter
are convinced it like we're on the cusp
of like a socialist revolution we're not
and then like it's giving me also like a
really bad opinion of like progressives
in general which I don't think is fair
because I don't think the average
progressive is like this internet
Marxist socialist as Marxist Leninist or
socialist or syntactic elasaur and our
go calm you know intersectional whatever
I don't think this is like the average
person so like it's not fair for me to
let like non-compete and his [ __ ]
wife or whatever like influence my view
of like progressives or less landing
people in America in general like that's
not that's not good I don't think it has
like I try to remember like okay well
these are fringe positions how many
people but like debating things like all
right or race realism this is like way
more relevant to mainstream American
political discourse when you've got
people like Steve Bannon and I've like
been in the White House when you've got
people like Miley gianopolous who are
incredibly influential or where or until
it got cancelled hardcore cuz the
[ __ ] child [ __ ] himself out of the
thing like this these conversations are
way more relevant to to like mainstream
political discourse then then the 50
trillion different flavours of [ __ ]
socialism and these guys can't even like
keep their own [ __ ] straight like the
infighting that goes on like on the
bread tube separate it and the Chapo
Trap House subreddit is like insane like
they can't even keep like there's
smaller irrelevant communities together
i think contra point said it best in our
last video where she's like the average
let online leftist seems like their like
their number one
like credible job is like Facebook group
moderator whoever
yeah I don't know I would prefer stupid
sock Dems ruling the country than
conservatives yeah I agree with that but
like a lot of people like Hasan for
instance and a lot of these more left
groups don't a lot of these people see
like they would say like Biden or Trump
are the same type of person
this it's just it's like it's one of
those like ultra privileged positions
that's like so irritating for me to
argue against like I understand you're
white you're male you're a one-percenter
in Hassan's case like that's fine dude
you're [ __ ] rich you're loaded
nothing bad is gonna happen to you to
you I understand it like that ever
screen by it in a trump is nothing right
because for you it's just like an
ideological purity test but for people
on the ground that like want to see real
gains made in healthcare or in there
like wages at work or like their social
rights right things like abortion being
legal or whatnot like these people do
care if it's like buy it in our Trump
like it's cool that you don't because
you make 200k a year now like
broadcasting on the Internet but for the
guy that's working you know for 25 or
30,000 or trying to support his family
before like these people do care who's
in the White House so like this is like
and this is kind of like I'm really
lucky that like I have a background
before streaming so that I feel like I
have like a more grounded as dumb as it
sounds I feel like I really do have like
a more grounded view of the world then
then a lot of these like internet
lefties Destiny's never talked to a
person of color Marxist Leninist and it
shows that's because there's like three
of them dog there's a reason why we can
go to bread Tube and read like [ __ ]
reddit post where they're like guys ever
notice it's like no black people here
like what's going on and then I argue
with people that are like oh yeah racism
that just comes from capitalism Lal oh
wow I wonder why no [ __ ] black people
in your [ __ ] group because everybody
knows that some dumb ass [ __ ] you
know yeah so like whatever they don't
hang in bread tube their politics are
vastly different yeah of course they're
like that's my problem dude do you see
that that like every single online
left-leaning group has a vastly
different politics right like bread tube
has almost 100,000 subs like how many
like it's a decently sized subreddit but
like nobody agrees with what they say on
bread tube or the Chapo Trap House sub
has like over a hundred thousand
memories and nobody agrees with they say
like every time I debate one of you
lefties I get like four other lefties
and emos like that guy didn't know he
was talking about that guy didn't know
[ __ ] about this like that blah blah blah
blah blah and it's like okay well only
caught the tail end of the debate did
you use any sources on the death toll
from central planning forty five to
fifty six million dead in the great leap
forward that was under no that's um I
haven't studied as much of
the early late Communist China shut so I
don't know as much right
that sounds like a really high number to
me but it is widely regarded by Stern's
with grape leaf resulted in tens of
millions of deaths a lower NS phone is
18 million while Chinese historian you
is he going suggest a death toll closer
to fifty six million so I know we're
from 1856 yeah I don't know I don't know
as much about this you should have
brought up his pro dpk are people were
saying that he supported North Korea but
I don't want to like nail him on any
that should I don't know I don't really
contrary movement all the notes like
didn't move that much like if you were
singing a normal song you don't want to
