this sounds like [ __ ] what was it I
think it was when was it when Kendrick
Lamar released damn was that the album
and people went like on the most
hardcore Theory crafting spree ever
trying to say that it was gonna be a
double album and people were like
linking together like the craziest
random [ __ ] I don't know much about
Kendrick and I was like but I was like
reading through some of the threads I
was like no [ __ ] way what the [ __ ]
there was some funny [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah
damnation was supposed to be the the
double album drop and there's a really
[ __ ] weird dream that me and me and
Taber
we're training every morning so that we
could run faster because there was an
ice cream truck that would come by our
house every day but it would drive by
really fast and the only way to catch it
would be to run super fast so we were
like training to try to like every time
the ice cream truck come I would try to
run as fast as I could outside to like
catch up to him we never could that's
really weird what kind of ice cream did
you get from the truck though I don't
know we were never able to get to it
alright guys what's up give me something
to talk about
what are you guys doing in chat today
well cam have you always wanted to be me
that has been made before an RTS that
normal people want to play so we can get
back in RTS games why must can be
attractive swaths of normies to be
pre-war consistent games you play I like
to feel like what I'm playing is like
important irrelevant I don't know
playing again they're like nobody else
plays it feels kind of depressing I
don't know how to describe it
Oh what wait what did he just say okay
you don't do this scream but some junior
just credits actual oh man there's like
a point in here but there's also so many
dumb statements in here people always
like resort to this like whenever you
call them out like you're like well is
it really that bad blah blah blah to do
this well you're showing nudes to minors
like what the [ __ ] nobody's like trying
to do this alright like people mark
their [ __ ] 18-plus like I don't know
also the idea that one thing a female
streamer does discredits all female
strands is probably not a good attitude
to have wait my ship will return fire
right it's not just gonna die like a
[ __ ] [ __ ] to the single [ __ ]
gunboat following it around right are
you serious
don't bring back spicy chicken nuggets
listen guys you don't go to Wendy's for
chicken nuggets okay sorry guys
McDonald's just has better chicken
nuggets I don't know want me to say
facts that's what it is
barbecue sauce are sweet and sour sauce
for chicken McNuggets
um I get the buffalo sauce I got a good
eye COO let's hear it haikus are easy
but sometimes they don't make sense
refrigerator you like it I was deep
working
you know some things in life just don't
need to make sense you literally had
that happy yes you could hold it oh are
you going to bed I spoke to you I don't
know Mike has got an update what then
minecraft I guess I have a row you guys
know [ __ ] your round
[ __ ] you Taber wait how do I make cake
lunch the Minecraft stay right hand we
could take launch take spin it up and
Ella minecraft server that only I can
whitelist on please do it now is why
you're flying
thank you you wanna play pub gee
redownload [ __ ] play more down
bonehead bono what game Steve we're out
of game
I think gaming's over I think it's dead
welcome to show you how to join up do
American Truck Simulator scope change
our voices like run little wife your
mom's [ __ ] [ __ ] games anymore re how
do you think both Stevie and I became a
league mister Mouton wait we can do
something we can figure out something
betters we don't have to play later
okay we don't have to play the game no
we don't have to we could do something
else what if we did dayz standalone
why'd you have all the worst ideas
because they're all good ideas you can
download any game in a minute we could
go and just try it out
Daisy is on ironically decent nasty
download it right now
oh yeah what did you say Daisy
it'll take you a minute to download it
and then we could relive the glory days
look at everybody there abbath it there
Abba thinking everybody's pogchamp I've
never seen your chat so active before at
2:00 a.m. just played easy it's not done
we closed our not wake up but it's not
done I make I have fun every day gaming
you know what I played today papers
please
you know the funnest game I played in
last [ __ ] two weeks was was [ __ ]
pagan online my sponsor damn that was
the funnest one I've played I'd argue
chess was but we're truly in a gaming
content drought I think we need to play
Eve's whatever we play before it okay
let's see if we can load up a Call of
Duty game I think I don't think there's
anybody gonna play like I think it's
actually I think it's actually dead is
that on the battlenet lunch don't make
me reinstall this eighty I can install
it's 80 gigs dude I thought you had
fiber didn't you brag to me about that
for a long time I have 500 down but it's
still gonna take me like a little bit to
install 80 gigs like two minutes do know
like 30 minutes I need somebody who can
stand up the server on my [ __ ] [ __ ]
who has access to my box please I'll
give him route if you can make oh my god
Kegel do it he's gone he's like flying
home tonight he literally like oh you
need it right now
well yeah can't you just they have like
their own built-in servers that we could
play on or whatever I have a Rome
yeah the realm [ __ ] I'm not gonna plan
your [ __ ] goddamn dumbass [ __ ]
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] [ __ ] realm oh wait I
have a new game hold on
it's almost respectfully asked where his
rest no don't play that [ __ ] I can't
play for us cuz you should are slightly
too much okay hold on how do you long
how do you throw yourself in this game
again Deb aerospace you have to get a
number spent number a thing okay hold on
watch me guys this is my one life I'm
just gonna casually throw myself into
the rank 3 position count it down you
need 2 minutes are waiting I'm gonna
actually I need a little bit along any
about three minutes all right Steve you
ready for the good game for what guy
it's called crunk er huh sounds like
it's exposition between two now here
hold on what is your problem [ __ ] ass
[ __ ] noob god I'm so good let me nip
nibble nibble stop saying it what thing
what Oh
host game gonna play runescape gonna
make peers I said I wanted to play
runescape with you yes let's do it let's
do it right now alright how do I do it
on let me just do this one life okay cuz
I figure that was we're playing
runescape boy as you heard it here you
guys finally better sure my most popular
video online is me playing agar so that
makes me technically like an aggro
professional okay so oh I finally
committed to my LSD trip I'm doing over
the next few days I need to make a
beacon you know are you happy are you
proud of me I'm fine no because I feel
like you're gonna [ __ ] your brain up I'm
not I think it's gonna be fine and I
think I'm gonna conquer all the life no
you've literally said that I feel like I
have to do it which is like a very
terrible overcoming my weaknesses I'm so
proud of myself when I get to call it -
am I
look here you don't do it with reckful
please god no
make sure do it in a different state
honestly I'm fine don't look at this
dumbass he thinks it's gonna [ __ ] eat
me - hi what are you thinking right now
I'm cringing oh why did that [ __ ]
it's a hold on last life sorry one more
time [ __ ] God Wow puts an ad right over
the thing that's [ __ ] him someone
link me how to make a runescape account
new users sign up here oh my god
if I could just take over this guy's
[ __ ] body oh this games kind of fun
this room the crocker game yeah that's
right
send me offers don't sing
hopefully no oh [ __ ] there's some
big-ass [ __ ] going down here boy your
password can't names invalid
oh here it comes oh my god oh my god
okay guys don't worry [ __ ] is about to
get really oh really oh really oh it's
the really Oh dealio move wait can you
push see - spit up people stuff
no it's W think it's too late now you
said it way too late dumbass
[ __ ] don't call me and you call me a
dumbass dude that guy [ __ ] hacks okay
last one for real
if I lose on this one god damn it
[ __ ] hacker use only hits of LSD I'm
doing hundred 50 micrograms do nine tabs
avg less than nine tabs you're a little
busy [ __ ] didn't even do LSD again
we're gonna stream at I'm probably not
I'm just gonna chill I'm gonna be very
relaxed I did what you'd have sex on LSD
probably nah I don't know why not kind
of thing it'll be fun do you want to
have sex when you're on Felicity's I
don't know haven't done LSD new user
wait oh no I'm a disease yes that's what
we need
boys all right mr. Martin I'm gonna go
ahead and take my rank [ __ ] one it's
ink ink that means I'm coming can I eat
this man ink means incoming didn't game
ins gettin worse or we've just gotten
older who's excited for runescape type
one who's slamming [ __ ] [ __ ] Taylor
Taylor dude come back you [ __ ] fat
[ __ ] a hoe no why isn't my password
working that's the game winning meme
over there oh my god I see the game
winning memes
wait is that actually like pieces or is
that guy's skin like it looks like he
has pieces I don't like that
oh my god look guys guys guys guys just
watch this is the play I think I think
this is the play guys yep yep yep
oh no no no oh man what are we doing
guys oh man we're going full Liddy
full Liddy oh no no no I do you good
bites oh that guy [ __ ] me hacks are
these guys all [ __ ] friends okay
those are my last life for real no it
was your last life 90 times just come
[ __ ] play on the realm of its your
boot or plant we're old school runescape
streamers nasty if it's [ __ ] over
this client improves the game infinitely
okay oh my god I even taper I am in a
ban you for laughing at his [ __ ]
he's gonna do something yes no it's so
easy there's no clients
and you're good to go we're just playing
old school runescape CV no your lives
over this is it this is what you stream
now you're in scape streamer accept and
move on play one game of runescape
yeah one year in scape I agree all right
get on Ling what is wrong with me he's
not playing he's not gonna play I'm so
sorry
he won't do it someone linked in room
whoever ranked linked ruined light
you're the reason he's not playing
listen I can't play suboptimal and if
I've got a done a little holder [ __ ]
client to do [ __ ] I ain't got time for
that [ __ ] I feel so bad for the
runescape nerds dude hey just got the
biggest boner and how they have the
biggest set of blue balls look I'm so
sorry we're in skipper's you're so close
though don't be dissuaded even he said
yes soon
[Music]
