all right this is a really dumb name
debate okay been a long thing in my
community so don't just don't write
about this one I ran whatever this
conversation is about to be yeah hey
what's up not much
how are you I'm doing great how are you
doing okay okay oh yeah you're doing a
24 hour stream today yeah oh yeah yeah
Wow what's the special occasion
oh not anything really just giving
giveaways and having a stream
Wow cool okay no like big charity or
birthday or anything no no it's just you
and a bunch of costly stuff Wow okay um
well then okay so a bunch of people
linked me that video of you talking
about how you can't grow your but it's
just fat or something like that and like
you're a smart dude right like I just
don't understand how you logically can
think that yeah sure so I mean like
let's let's be very clear about all of
our terms and everything we believe okay
so I think that so let's let's define a
couple things so when people usually
talk about like Instagram booties okay I
would say that like I think we can both
agree that you are probably like one of
the top names that comes up in there
right probably okay I would say that's
probably a pretty safe assumption okay
and that and that most people when
they're thinking about like Instagram
booties are thinking of like the really
big like whatever [ __ ] like you know
like POG like the fattest white girl
like that kind of thing or like the big
whatever it not it doesn't feel white
for smell like these are generally
people think of for these types of
booties my assertion is that the vast
majority of this is fat and that you can
work out a little bit I guess like if
you like a very athletic person you
might be able to get like a slightly
perkier bootie or something but for the
most part like the nice curve that you
see underneath and like the all the mass
like the big part of it is it's
basically comes down to like
distribution and that's basically my my
take so you're just saying the ones that
have like big beautiful perfect asses
mm-hmm it's just attics yep it's just
how your body puts on fat yeah so would
you say that for me for example me
working out did not contribute to that
it's because of just genetics if I were
to say that like it does contribute to
it I would say that it's like maybe like
5% okay where are you getting that
statistic of 5% just by looking at a
booty and what it is and what it does
and like when you try and look at
before-and-after pictures one thing that
you'll notice and if you want to hit me
up with before-and-afters or whatever
it's gonna be probably the exact same
thing is what happens is is that girls
would start to work out and one of their
goals is is I want to get like a really
big booty and they'll start to work out
and we'll see a lot of progress but any
time you check they'll be like oh yeah
I've been working out for six months and
I went from like 120 to 140 pounds and I
gained like 20 pounds of muscle no you
didn't not at six months yeah most of
the girls that get like really nice
booties because they start we're gonna
is a you should just say yeah go I think
we should not generalize just like
Instagram girls as like Instagram
booties because there's a lot of girls
out there that obviously like are fake
then it worked out but there's also a
lot of girls out there that have worked
their asses off and you have like gains
a significant amount of booty not from
just genetics and that's like so it
always comes down to this but like the
reality is is that if we were to start
to go and look up like girls that power
lift so girls that are dead lifting like
four plates or squatting like two plus
plates that have like pretty big lifts
they just don't have big asses it just
doesn't happen they're nice I mean I
guess we can like look for it but like
not generally no like the girls that are
like into like those really big lifts
they usually don't have like those I'm
like I'm using the terminology but I
think they're really nice like that as
white girl booty it's just not something
that most of them
have they usually like look very nice
very like perky I guess like an athletic
maybe what you would expect to see like
a gymnast would have but it's never like
that big bodacious ass or whatever
they're like a lot of people are
generally wanting when a girl is like oh
I want to get a really big booty they're
not usually talking like I want one that
looks like I'm an Olympic like athlete
it's usually I really want like a big
one the nice one like what the girls on
Instagram have yeah I think the reason
for that is because they're that's not
their goal their goal is to get stronger
right they're not trying to get the
biggest ass they're not trying to play
sure but you understand like if a girl
is deadlifting 315 and her ass is like
my size then doing like 50 Glee doing 50
glute bridges is not going to get you a
massive and that's like I would never
say but I bet you if you I'm sorry I
know you're like a bit smaller but like
if you went to beside one of these
bodybuilding girls your butt would not
be the same size it's cuz their legs are
[ __ ] massive dude in comparison if
you if they if they stopped working out
everything in comparison there but would
be way bigger you know you're telling me
that their legs have increased so much
in diameter that we just can't see any
of the larger as games do they do it's
just it's almost like so if you're
working out your glute muscles versus
more of your hamstrings or your quads
it's gonna grow that part of your legs
right well sure for something like your
like your quads or your hamstrings but
like you literally see those muscles on
the body
yeah you don't see glutes they're
covered by a layer of fat know what I'm
saying
if they're breaking it up there I why
she arches her back so much it stops
that says if you look at an ass it's not
gonna look like it's sticking out a lot
more because in comparison it's a lot
bigger like do you know what I say I
don't think your glutes are hams grow
out so much that it's increasing the
diameter of your legs so massively
especially not with like I don't I don't
I don't think so
I don't think so going outside right
yeah sure I've seen plenty of Instagram
booties in real life that don't look the
same way yeah sure well yeah I'm curious
wait what are what are your lips like
what does your squat and deadlift at my
squat PR is 185 okay and you have like
one of the like biggest asses on
Instagram yeah but you have to
understand that I'm focusing on glute
workouts like I'm doing things to make
it so my butt looks a lot bigger so I'm
doing pit dress I'm not doing hip
thrusts of 50 in a row with my weight
I'm doing a heavy [ __ ] like I don't
know what's really like what kind of hip
thrusts like how much weight are we
talking here
45 plus 35 45 so 245 plates on each side
and then 35 plates on each side and then
the bar is 45 so I don't know what that
math is wait two for two
so like over 200 pounds or like two foot
okay that's how much I do and I don't do
them for 50 I do them for 4 to 6 okay I
would be super curious to see if they
were like and like this is what it
always comes down to at the end I would
be super curious to see before and after
pics of girls that actually managed to
get a bigger ass that don't also gain
like 30 pounds like it doesn't happen
it's the same with anything you want to
grow
you have to gain weight first you have
to sure but when I'm saying is like
there are a lot of girls that start
working out and then they get
disappointed because they don't get big
asses because that's just not the way
their body puts on fat and like there
are a lot of girls that know this that
sometimes when you lose weight sometimes
you lose your boobs or sometimes when
you gain weight it goes to a shitty area
in your body and I guess it just kind of
sucks sometimes it like you see all
these people like oh if you want to get
a huge ass just go work out it's like no
not really if we knew this was true one
there would be way better before and
afters of it and two you would see
actual Hollywood actresses would have it
too because people in Hollywood will do
anything they can to get like the best
bodies and Hollywood actors does never
do this why because it's not possible
and if it was you know they'd be doing
it yeah I think the reason why is
because a lot of people have
misinformation on what they're supposed
to do a lot because of the Instagram
models that go out there they say oh
yeah let's like do a few spots and
you're gonna get an ass and they're
thinking oh [ __ ] I got to do 50 squats
every day I'm gonna get that's not how
you're gonna grow muscles that's not how
it works so I think that's like the
common misunderstanding that people
don't realize and I think that's a lot
of the reason why people don't know how
to do it at the gym they don't know how
to properly gain their ass sure I
understand that I agree that there's a
lot of dumb information that people will
go cardio bunny for two hours and expect
that all their muscles will get here do
something or that their booty will grow
however I still don't think it changes
the fact that when you're a woman and
you put on weight usually that weight
tends to go to like your hips and thighs
is how women put on weight and if you're
really lucky and you have like really
sick genetics then maybe a lot of it
goes to your booty and that's just how
it works for some people but this idea
that like what yeah but I don't know
this idea that like if you train your
glutes a lot you're gonna get this
massive ass it's like saying if you
benchpress enough you're gonna get like
bigger boobs like it doesn't make sense
like maybe they'd stand a little perkier
or something or you can like flex them
but your boobs aren't gonna grow just
because your pecs get bigger the same
way that like a nice fatty acid as it
emerged just because you've got you grow
your glutes a little bit like yeah go
for it so you understand the concept
that you can grow your muscle right yeah
yeah so what
is under the fat is a giant muscle okay
so if you make that muscle grow then
your butt will also grow you know that
there are people that are like three
times stronger than you with way bigger
glutes who have waist smaller asses how
I understand that and I think for the
most part it's because what they're
focusing on is not growing their glutes
they're not targeting the muscles
they're trying to do squats deadlifts
other things like that's not their goal
okay okay honestly like I really do
think you're a really smart guy and I'm
not like I'm not a good debater I'm not
like I know I'm not the smartest person
but this is just so common sense yeah I
know like common sense is like always
the thing that people say when they
realize they have no arguments like if
we were to have a debate on training any
other muscle group if I were to ask you
if I do pull-ups can I get a nice back
or can I get big biceps or if I do
push-ups or any other thing right well I
will I get bigger shoulders why like my
delts grow will my chest go I can go and
find you before-and-after pictures of a
million different guys doing this but
when I say is there an exercise I can
find to get a bigger booty if doing hit
throw-ups
his hip thrusts or or glute bridges or
squats Adele's or any of these things
would help we would be able to look
online and see like 50,000 pictures of
girls but you can't it's always like
wearing a totally different outfit in
front of the window like curving the
[ __ ] out of your back so that it looks
like it's about to snap in half it's
always like here's my before and after
wow that actually is a lot of progress
oh she went from weighing 95 pounds to
125 of course right like this is every
picture and we and you can do this later
actually you can even shoot at me or you
can even tweet it at me and it's it's
the same story for like every set of
pictures like people might find like one
or two maybe they could do it but for
the most part like every picture is that
like a totally different angle or the
girl gained like 20 or 30 pounds when
she started training and she gained that
weight in like one year she didn't gain
30 pounds of muscle in one year you even
perfectly training men like can't do
that like it's really [ __ ] hard to do
it's mostly fat it goes to your ass it
makes it grow like
like I don't even know it just you're
just talking out
take a breath man it's okay all I'm
saying is it saying you can grow a big
ass by doing [ __ ] hip thrusts is like
saying you can get big boobs or double
D's by doing a lot of benchpress you
can't do it or doing like tech fly
doesn't it you can't do it no obviously
you can't but what I'm telling you is it
is possible and I think what you're
thinking is like you're sorry thank you
for stuff thank you for subscribing okay
um so what you're saying is okay the
first thing I heard you say was if you
looked it up right now you can't find a
lot of girls getting big asses and they
do they're doing different poses etc etc
right uh-huh I think I think a lot of
that has to do with the fact that like
how do I say this
it's kind of new in the field if you
look up this guy named Brett conness
Khan estelle he was actually the guy
that created hiptripz and that wasn't
even that long ago like there's a lot of
new knowledge coming into the fitness
industry along with how to grow it
properly what you're supposed to do to
grow big but it's because it's just it's
not fully developed and it's again with
all the Instagram people like flooding
it with improper knowledge it seems that
way but but realistically it's it's
possible if you think about it you can
grow your muscles so if you can grow
your muscles you can grow your butt
muscles and in turn that's gonna make
your butt bigger yeah I agree with you I
do think it has something to do with
genetics too I don't I don't think that
every girl is gonna get the ideal booty
that everyone's thinking but 100% sure
that they can grow their booty to be
bigger and not by 5% buy a lot more
okay how are we go for I don't think
we're gonna agree you should spend some
time with your chat I'm really curious
if you can find more than like one
before and after like my thought and an
end link what's wrong with this one I
would love for you to find me more than
one picture of this yeah no no not just
a few but just like like a few like a
decent number of pictures where like
there's like oh you see like real change
before and after because if you were to
Google like pecs before and after for
benchpress I can find like a million
different pictures of people making like
amazing progress you're like oh you're
trying to tell me it's because there's
not a lot of before afters it just
doesn't make sense so what does this
picture mean it just means that oh this
is just a lucky one or I don't know if
it's photoshopped I don't know if she
[ __ ] has her like [ __ ] leg like
sticking up like super [ __ ] heart or
ever but like this was like literally
the only this is it's because like I
said in the industry of fitness that the
knowledge is Lackey that's not I don't
know why you can sing it that's not true
muscle building nothing about this is
new or like revolution no it's the
glutes are saying most like anything
else there's not like some
newly-discovered science and growing
your booty that's not true
so people like in the days of Arnold
Schwarzenegger had no idea how to train
their glutes at all it was like a lost
science but today like the Instagram
trainers that's not the only thing if
you're doing like this Mount Olympus
[ __ ] or like the bodybuilding stuff it's
not just about like the bro lifts like
these guys are trying to do the thing is
when you're doing the like those
competitions they're not like they have
like almost 0% body fat that's not what
0% but
but you know what I'm saying that's not
the goal like the goal has changed you
can you can hold on wait what do you
know we they're bodybuilders so the goal
of bodybuilding has always been the same
is to craft like a like the most perfect
avascular bucking body or whatever right
but now what I'm saying these girls like
me my goal is not to sculpt the most
perfect my goal is to get my ass bigger
so that's what I do when I go to the gym
right okay all right I'll give you the
laughs give you the last word go for it
my final point is that growing a big
butt is like growing big boobs
lifting with your chest it's not gonna
happen I'll give you the last word hit
me up go okay if you if you're really
like if you're I feel like you're a bit
like trying to be a bit you're being a
bit stubborn and not really trying to
learn and listen but if you actually are
wanting to learn you can honestly just
look up the sky he literally is the guy
that created his dress he's the one that
really made a difference in the fitness
industry for growing glutes name's Bret
costal or something I'll send you his
name Bret something and yeah you can
look it up all I'm trying to say is if
you want to grow a but obviously you're
not going to have the Instagram booties
because a lot of them have a part of it
being genetics but you can 100% grow
your butt to be bigger than it is not by
five percent by a significant amount and
I can attest to that yes I did gain
weight but I can for sure attest to that
that you can grow your hair booty from
working out 100% that's my last word
okay I'm looking at this guy's website
the glute guy okay if you look at his
studies done a lot of studies over the
years yeah
okay all right all right well listen I
wanna say I'm glad we had this very
fruitful conversation I wish you the
best of luck on your 24 hour stream what
are you gonna say go for it no that's
fine I just I just think that you're a
smart guy man
Thanks I try to be sometimes there's a
there's a muscle you can grow it just
put the two together okay I agree all
right good luck buddy
have fun bye their identity you guys
happy I've actually seen this website
before it this is one of the have these
pictures don't I don't know if we're
allowed to look on this industry or not
you're thinking of the peak of the gluts
similar to the peak of biceps these are
completely genetic and unchangeable for
the most part everything else about
volume though you're wrong oh you guys
broke the website god damn it if you can
grow your butt you can grow your dick
maybe em I did boobs are about analogy
because we define the boob as from the
outside of the chest to the outside the
boob which is all fat we defined the
butt as both as from the bone to the
skin which includes muscle no you don't
nobody looks at a butt and it was like
pushing like all the way inside like
most of that [ __ ] that you see like do
you actually know like what the weight
do people even I don't know if I can um
I don't know if I can look it up on
stream but like like your like your
glutes don't like go like all the way
out to like the outside of like your
thighs I don't know how to say this like
show us yourself like when you look at
like when you wear somebody link um I
don't know what I'm allowed to look at
on a stream hold on is there any not
safe I think I'm pretty sure we can look
at this people where were stuff on
stream right I don't know what are you
trying to show on stream like
bodybuilders like guys bodybuilders and
have like big asses like none of the
stuff that you normally like in a booty
is there because they have very low body
fat because you need to you need
that to make them look good I don't care
okay I don't know I don't think I can I
don't think I could look at those Jamie
okay what's that what are you talking
about okay no so I don't know how to
feel about this discussion because I
feel like I haven't I'd I know I don't
want to make a judgement in either
direction because I don't feel like
either direction has had anything
significant but I lean a little bit
towards st petes just a little bit i had
a genuine um not to be a centrist but i
had i had a genuine a question for you
mm-hmm which is what about people who
their weight doesn't change but their
weight distribution changes weight
distribution changes are almost always
going to result in a smaller body yeah
okay so because like a pound of fat is
if you actually look at like a pound of
fat versus a pound of muscle muscle is
way more dense than fat so if you have
the same weight but you lose a lot of
fat and gain muscle your whole body will
get like a bit smaller like more toned
or whatever like your body composition
would the volume would decrease or
whatever okay so then I guess I'll make
it a bit more of a personal subject here
which is since I started working out my
waist my weight hasn't changed at all
but my waist is strong and my hip
measurement hasn't changed at all
the only thing in the time of me working
out has been my waist shrinking okay to
which it's it's a question of like well
wouldn't wouldn't your weight just if
you're right and then the entire body
would shrink wouldn't your entire body
just shrink well your entire distributed
goes on your body or whatever is all I
think that's like you can't change that
like for instance like a lot of the time
we used our and in a lot of history or a
lot of like a workout [ __ ] history
we used to think for instance that if
you if I do like a lot of ab crunches
for instance I can
lose fat off my belly or if I work my
legs out I can lose fat off my legs but
that spot reduction is a myth your body
tends to like put on and remove fat like
in predetermined ways or whatever yeah
yeah so I wait so I guess I don't fully
understand what you're like okay so the
majority of people who end up doing
Fitness who end up getting like big
butts almost always end up shrinking
their stomach and the fat that's there
but it it never happens for their ass if
they're lucky but I mean like you're a
girl I have you ever had a girlfriend
that's like lost weight and she loses
like a ton of it from either her boobs
or her ass like this happens it's a
really shitty thing that some women deal
with when they start to lose weight but
all women who lose their weight in their
ass never really had one to begin with
no that's not true there are some women
that like are kind of large that have
amazing asses and then when they lose
weight they it goes flat or they or they
lose like serious cup sizes out of their
boobs it's like the boob one is
different because like your boobs really
are like 95 like there is nothing else
in all weebs rise up right now post oh
oh I don't know like enough so I can say
I know one girl I've only had one
personal example and I could you see
that one person who lost a lot of fat
and she went from having like a sick and
she like worked out
she worked out I don't think like
powerlifting but she went to working out
but her I was got like noticeably
smaller because because she lost weight
while she was working out but I think
most of the way it came off her ass or a
lot of it did so I mean but that but
that's only one example that I have so I
don't know if that's like okay here's my
claims here's my clients here's my
claims I'll make them for you
