hold on boys it's time for some underage
sex debates I [ __ ] hate this
push-to-talk [ __ ] alright who wants to
[ __ ] kids in here what's going on no no
no if I just do this quick I don't get
their points through so we can run
through this quicker yeah go for it yeah
so I mean obviously that you know you
would think that there's an agent in
sand right no matter what it is I mean
you've been you think there's an age of
consent for for people to toward be okay
for them to you know consent to thing
yeah real quick let's just hammer out
definitions because we might actually
solve this semantically what is a to
consent mean to you just the age where I
guess the age to like like when you
can't can I try yeah sure I'm the age
where we can say like reasonably that
someone has reached like a decent level
of long term decision-making and
maturity okay call so I think we're more
or less on the same page so my
definition would be in informed consent
or reaching the age of consent is where
you're able to make decisions where you
understand the long-term ramifications
of said decision that would be how I
would look at it okay yeah okay and then
go for it yeah so I was just gonna kind
of like propose name the trait so if
they're the same you know really
relevant traits were present in a nine
year old for example would you think
that it's okay for the nine year old to
consent to sex from like a 100 percent
like if we were god yes new new girl
yeah I would say maybe if we were god
sure but the problem is that in terms of
what exists in people's minds we can
only inductively reason that and I don't
think it's possible to reliably figure
out whether or not a nine year old has
reached a level of maturity this is also
ignoring the entire scientific
background of like the development of
the prefrontal cortex and how that
doesn't really finished here 25 but like
let's say assuming that that wasn't
relevant
if there was some way for a
nine-year-old to fully understand the
ramifications of engaging in sexual
activity we would have no way to
determine that from an out do we again
we have to inductively reason it right
so if a nine or five-year-old were able
to let's say just write an essay like
very articulately eloquently about the
ramifications of sex and like at the
post formal like operational thought
level like they could do it as well as
any adult could would that not be
sufficient evidence yes I me and I we
would have to make sure that the child
wasn't reciting something from memory
given to memorize that whatever but I
mean I guess like theoretically that's
possible I though although I don't know
if the biological mechanisms exist for
that to be possible I don't know if
you've actually a table right now we're
kind of going down this path whether or
not we can actually figure that out but
I just wanna I just wanted an answer you
know if we did know and you would say
it'd be okay yeah theoretically sure
yeah okay alright we are in the same
page well sure but you just have to be
careful because a lot of people a lot of
people want to [ __ ] kids will jump off
this is a profile where they'll say
something like oh well I talked to the
seven-year-old and they sound really
mature so I think I should be able to
[ __ ] them right yeah and also I'm not
even sure if that type of test is even
possible for a five or six year old or a
seven or eight year old or nine year old
to pass because when you talk about
things like societal influence because
like a lot of the ways that we view sex
is done via society right so the
ramifications of sex are also in some
level societal for instance the idea
that you feel used up as a female if you
have sex at an early age that's probably
a societal thing more than some type of
in a biological thing so that that's
something that I don't know if a
nine-year-old can truly understand that
even if they're really intelligent if
they haven't haven't had enough lived
experiences yet to be part of a society
that has these types of expectations
yeah but if but if a nine-year-old did
actually write about that like
particularly eloquently and like
actually demonstrated that concern that
you're just bringing up and you would
say they were sufficiently well yeah I
mean I mean like to be honest you must
be able to develop some test that I'm
sure at least one person could pass but
it's like such a niche case that like
gonna pragmatically I don't know if a
brand acts something like this
like wouldn't it be basically like
taking the consciousness of an 18 year
old and placing that into the body of a
five year old kind of but again like
there's actual biological development
that happens in the brain that makes
that not totally possible yeah I don't
know if this is a possible plausible
thing I just mean like in theory though
there is a test that could exist I
believe that's true yeah I mean in
theory yeah in theory there's one that
could exist because 18 years old for
some people there are probably people
that are ready to have sex and totally
understand everything before 18 and I
know for a fact there are people that
aren't ready and past 25 I mean like
yeah the aging centers I don't wanna say
arbitrary but I mean like there are
people that can probably go above and
below it's just kind of where we've
settled on in different countries it's
just an association between like the
stages of your cognitive development
like most like from 12 to the adulthood
is the like what is formal operational
stage and that's usually like no one I
don't know of a country that goes lower
than 12 but like 12 is like at least in
Japan is the age of consent in like 18
it would be like well you'd keep
building 25 but that's like the highest
bound so oh yeah cuz I'm saying it's not
even necessarily like cognitive
development as well right things like
understanding so sexual activity can
carry with it the risk of for instance
pregnancies or STDs like there are
people that go their whole lives that
aren't really capable of fully
understanding the ramifications of
having a child or you know acquiring
some sort of sexually transmitted
disease like I like yeah I mean so it's
not even necessarily just a biological
thing although the biological thing
plays into it as well it's also kind of
like reaching a level of much maturity
that involves understanding
ramifications of actions as well I'm
just saying those things are associated
with that sort of cognitive development
like e1 moth the ability to think
abstractly logically rationally and
those sort of that's sort of like eight
yeah sure yeah sorry just clarify one
thing destiny so you would say you
pointed to the undeveloped prefrontal
cortex or whatever so you would say that
if a 25 plus year old didn't have full
development of the prefrontal cortex you
wouldn't be okay with them consenting
correct that's it really loaded I don't
like to make normative claims ever but I
mean like in most systems I would say
that yeah the person probably shouldn't
be engaging in that type of activity I
mean we can be more realistic and we can
point to say people
types of mental handicaps all right yeah
would be the the analogous scenario with
our people that could go their whole
lives without really truly being able to
understand the ramification of sexual
activity this is why we assign like
wards and Guardians to mentally disabled
people so that they're not taken
advantage of by other people yeah I just
wanted to just some disabilities are
more extreme than others so I just
wanted to pin down the paper on the
cortex sure what about your own 9-yard
though if you had a nine-year-old girl
oh boy
what about it have sex I mean if there
is a 100% reliable test that could 100 I
mean I don't think this test can exist
in the real world but I mean if it did
then I mean logic now what well now with
a hundred percent certainty cuz I mean
nothing like that actually exists that
without that was our theorized test was
like a 100 percent certain test right
yeah but would you know would you not
accept a 99.9 percent like at that point
that's like cuz your yeah anyway right
well we got to be really careful because
if you want to shift from a from a
conversation of hypothetical ethics to
pragmatically like apply to ethics now
we're in a very different territory so
hypothetically if you were God and you
could determine what somebody was ready
for sexual activity at nine years old
then yeah sure
but if we talk about pragmatic
implementation and the test to say like
99% positive or 99% accurate I don't
know if I would accept that in society
we should have you know most like nine
year olds that pass the test having sex
if one percent of them are literally
getting raped because it seems like that
could manifest in a whole bunch of
really [ __ ] bad ways so no I'm not
sure and also I don't know if nine year
olds need to have sex like there's a ton
of other things that 9 year old should
be doing most of them aren't even
interested in sex yet they haven't begun
that like descendants of puberty and
[ __ ] so yeah things like stuff but
anyway that's sort of fringe basis but
well the point is it's like you you you
would accept like an 18 year old because
of their mental development like
associated with cognitive ability and
like the ability to appreciate
consent and the ramifications of it the
long-term ramifications
I mean kind of I mean I don't think it I
think a files are pretty [ __ ]
[ __ ] I don't know that anybody I go
for whatever the case might be but
because they're demonstrating their
reasoning capacity to understand those
those concerns and for consent and the
long-term ramifications but if someone
of whatever age was able to do that at
the same level or even a higher rate it
doesn't really matter the age just
matters that sort of capacity to do so
right and I'm saying if I test could
reliably like I like super reliably be
able to pinpoint like someone's capacity
to do so that it's like I don't know why
we you would object because we're sort
of just making we are drawing an
arbitrary lines arbitrary line somewhere
but you're still making the assumption
that an 18 year old or someone a 25 can
I guess like maybe this might be I might
be intuitively feeling this which I
would argue as bad but like it feels to
me that like the capacity if somebody at
18 years old has sex before they're
ready for it
that can be a damaging thing if somebody
at nine years old have sex before
they're ready for it that can be like a
life-destroying yeah exactly yeah that's
that's kind of my I guess I could be
wrong on that I would really to truly
make that argument I would need to know
outcomes but yeah it feels like somebody
[ __ ] up with that at nine getting
like [ __ ] it's gonna be way [ __ ]
horrible for that person's life pretty
like anything like to me that just yeah
I like like how did this conversation
even come to fruition in the first place
oh it's because we have a discussion
about Mohammed having sex of a nine year
old are you sure that's the way to do it
also I just wanted to plug in hi I'm
destiny I'm a big band yeah Wow cool for
the Mohammed stuff or thanks I
appreciate it sorry that sounded really
second I say me no sorry the Mohammed
stuff is like really weird I know that
people like to rag on Islam there's a
lot of good reasons to [ __ ] on on a lot
of religions there's I'm included the
Mohammed stuff is really weird I'm not
comfortable I don't think it's
intelligent to judge past people based
on current morals
like I don't know if Muhammad's wife was
like 9 or 12 I know it was some really
early age that everybody likes to like I
don't say super [ __ ] up but even in
the u.s. like even like 50 or 60 years
ago like 14 year olds and [ __ ] we're
getting married off to like adult men
and whatnot so I mean we don't have to
go that far back into our own history to
say that like people pretty much buy
what like 12 or 13 are ready to start
pumping out kids and we would do that
[ __ ] back in the day so I would say you
should proceed with caution if you want
to judge older people based on our
current moral system I mean I guess so
but I feel like I somewhat like because
at least with Mohammed they're claiming
that he's the perfect man and that he is
moral and his job and that he is closest
to God so obviously there's gonna be an
issue here because if something is true
and if something is right it should be
it's a transcend trend know um if you're
religious yeah I guess it would be or
not no I shouldn't say that I mean there
are people that believe that even who
are a religious yeah I don't know if I
really just [ __ ] stupid but yeah I
mean I can definitely see the problems
with that sure I mean like the Bible has
like rules for owning slaves and [ __ ]
too and I don't think people look down
on like Jefferson you know for like
raping his child slaves and [ __ ] even
though if we were to judge a lot of our
past heroes by our current morals a lot
of them would fail miserably of course
and I think that's just really a product
breehn not brainwashing but it I think
it is a product of her culture and so I
think yeah at this age we're starting to
actually look at our founding fathers
and seeing them as people rather than
idols to be worshipped and praised I
mean they made very major contributions
to our society but at the same time we
can't let them get off with immoral
behavior like justifying slavery
excitement yeah like we acknowledge that
that's wrong and that they were
completely not good in that and that
they're valuable people and that they're
not perfect
but the problem is is when you have
Muslims trying to say that Muhammad is
the perfect being you should be looking
up to this man and that is just
something that is not well so like the
way that I would save
and I would have like a variable so if I
was a Muslim what I would say is that
Mohammed didn't he I feel real income
from his argument I should get my muscle
to do this for me but like what I expect
what I expect the Muslims argument would
be is that Mohammed says that it is
virtuous to take a wife at an
appropriate age and father children now
in his time that appropriate age was
[ __ ] 9 or 10 or 11 or whatever the
[ __ ] it was back then but in our time
Muhammed would say that as society grows
and changes now the appropriate age is
like 16 17 18 19 whatever [ __ ]
country you're in
that's what I guess that's what I would
guess Muslims today would say that
Mohammed didn't advocate for taking ten
year old wives he advocated for taking a
wife early as early as society would
allow and then doing it in that way that
would be like my under that would be my
based on the Muslims I've talked to that
would be my understanding of how they
would argue that out essentially you're
trying to like you can't really
disparage Maha Mohammed for like his for
the for the environment that he was you
know came up in or grew up in because
that's just how the culture with yet yes
you can't home to the same standard that
we would hold people now because the
different belts and more than that's I
mean I can though because you're
claiming that I'm so you can't you can't
be culpable well sure if you're using if
you're appealing to the dog yeah like if
we're looking at I'm looking at it
purely through that lens that's my issue
there if Muslims it like concede at the
point that what he did was wrong and
that he was not perfect then I would be
totally okay with that well but I don't
think Muhammad can be not perfect right
something with like Jesus I don't think
these are people that can have flaws
because your entire religious doctrine
is built around them right yeah so
that's why I have that major issue in
contention with Islam at least the Sunni
interpretation of it sure but I mean
that would be where hopefully you would
get Hadees that would step in and kind
of like recontextualize that statement
so that Muslims aren't trying to take
nine-year-old wives I could be wrong but
I don't think that happens a lot in the
u.s. from I think isn't generally
Christian people like an Alabama and
[ __ ] that will try to take like the
really [ __ ] young wives
I feel like Muslims in in the u.s. are
pretty progressive compared to a lot of
Muslims and say like the Middle East
especially the Gulf states yeah I mean
yeah it's it's a it's a problem but like
that the goal I mean like there's either
two ways to go either one you say like
your religion is a bullsh
like [ __ ] off which is not gonna happen
for most religious people or to you try
to find a way to interpret it through
some hadith that you know points you
into a direction where you can live a
virtuous life that abides by societal
standards today which means not [ __ ]
or marrying 9 year olds but also adheres
to the life that Muhammad lived in his
past which means taking a wife at an
early age and fathering children to do
whatever for Allah or whatever right
that would be my guess
I suppose so it's just I find it very
disconcerting and intriguing how you
have liberals and progressives in our
society trying to say that Islamism
Lidge and a piece and should be accepted
when it when it's not it really isn't
like it has very I has a lot of
components that do not but that do not
bode well for a wandering society if we
were to accept it
progressives defense of Muslims I think
has to do more with the defense of
Muslims than it does with the defense of
Islam I mean when it when somebody says
like Islam is a religion of peace I mean
any religion can be a religion of peace
and it can be a religion of war I think
that the reason why people tend to
defend at least progress is tend to
defend Muslims more often than not is
because Muslims are usually attacked for
being brown and not for being Muslim if
you look at Christians in the United
States if they were or I can say
Christians evangelicals or Republicans
for instance if Republicans weren't
racist they would actually find a
massive amount of support from from more
traditional Muslim communities because
their values actually align very closely
with Christian values you know the the
idea that women should be subjugated to
their husband's the idea that children
to be shoot with super obedient the idea
of Sharia or religious law these are all
ideas that Christians are absolutely in
love with
but because Muslims are brown they can't
see past that so like [ __ ] demonize
the [ __ ] out of them for being part of a
different religion or whatever that
seems to be the way that I feel at least
like if you look at for instance view
hopping like Lauren Southern's Twitter
and you look at her making fun of Yogi
as well they would I don't [ __ ] remember
for like wearing yeah yeah for not
wearing enough clothes and that she
deserves to be objectified like any
argument that at rad-con
that a traditional conservative is going
