hey guys what's up welcome to episode 15
of gnomes tombs and catacombs how you
guys doing today I'm amazing Steve that
was a rhetorical like how are you doing
for the audience and then Kauai boo was
gonna ask H of us how we're doing Wow
Hawk we're gonna reset now go ahead
since you already started why don't you
tell us how you doing today doing well
you know edited the podcast found out my
friends you want to pack these guys so
meet Steve they're just it's a boy's
trip to so Wow how are you Cleveland oh
I'm doing pretty good I got a new chair
I'm happy about it well Joe sucked what
is it do you know Herman Miller Aaron oh
it's a great chair you went hard yeah
there's like a what do you call like a
office liquidator and shop in the next
town over so I was able to grab a nice
chair for a very reasonable price yes
how do you like it quite pleased hey I
like to sit with at least one foot
underneath underneath me or maybe
cross-legged and there's a hard plastic
that's been digging into my heels so I'm
not sold on it yet mm I like the embody
more as far as like her indoors go good
I want to say that I spent $1,500 on the
Herman Miller embody the chair that I
use right now and I just want to say
that it is absolutely feels the same to
me as a $150 chair I don't I don't feel
the difference I'm I'm not sure maybe
I'm just missing it but well how you
doing Devin Nash I'm quite well my uh my
tag still says my lick see on your
stream Steven well you better get a
little bit of Photoshop that [ __ ] up
them Steven Julie yeah can you send
another I am doing well I am doing lots
of secret projects at nerd fusion and we
are working on some good stuff which
I'll announce soon also I'm playing like
way too much path of Exile I've lost all
control of my life so that's happening
as well
hmm I'm pretty sure I see a notification
like every day of you going live at like
11:00 p.m. playing by the Mexico yeah
yeah it's not good it's it's something
I'm working on for sure if it's a work
in progress and stay up till like 4:00
and then get up and do it again it's
pretty crazy do you do are you doing a
softcore character always hardcore oh is
it so low self or you're doing like
market games and stuff just HC trade and
I I lost one character to lag couple
days ago and now I'm ruining another one
what level you uh this character I
started yesterday is level 74 I really
like the idea of hardcore but man I
dying in that game just feels really
[ __ ] sometimes I'm not gonna lie
even I'll like the Dethlefs I say have
the really good players just it doesn't
look satisfying when you die in that
game it's not it's not when you die from
like a one-shot or something or lag it's
like really bad yeah so other than that
I don't know whether it's nice in
Seattle so I can't complain
probably to come in to LA soon some
point maybe I'll stop by see Steven be
the first guy in his apartment I'll
actually never mind you want me just
kidding
oh my god how are you doing Lily Picchu
I'm doing gates even thanks for asking
what have you been up to this past week
playing League of Legends for the second
twitch rivals coming up on March 27th
what's your role in that some point do
you know who you're hated carriers huh
it's a round-robin style so each of the
five matches in that day I am two with a
different ad carry every round Wow yeah
we're some of the a to carry you're
gonna be playing with well there's a
Vaughn there's Alexa rod puppy there's
Tyler one and forgot that I'm gonna be
turning into that stream don't worry
all those duel games with heals prepped
me for this game with Tyler won Steven
there's no way I'm gonna be tilted open
Tyler one is did you ever see the movie
um was it called
at kick-ass the comic book movie yeah
where at the end when the little girl
complains when she got shot and Nicolas
Cage is like I didn't actually shoot you
with like the real bullets they were
like slower ones that's gonna be you
with Tyler when Lee I didn't actually go
as hard as I could have I hope you're
ready for it
good luck and how are you doing Steven
at least I'm doing great I just stream
video games watch my community to tear
herself apart because apparently
everybody hates each other right now and
I just kind of say the last thing at
them all why do they get each other
right now rom so I'm supposedly well
trained Rex has a couple of really big
online conservative crazy people lined
up for a debate and me and Hasan we're
supposed to do it but then Hassan hates
train wrecks now I guess and they're
they fight a lot and then other people
my committee was two other people that
want to do online political stuff like
Irish laddie and then he hates Hassan
now I guess and maybe me legit legit
hates are just like LSF drama hates like
I think legit hates okay and then um and
then there was a guy yesterday that came
on to discuss philosophy and he said
that he didn't feel like Hassan or Irish
lad he knew enough philosophy to do
politics so they both came and they all
hated each other this is a lot of people
are real mad right now so it's really
funny it's kind of sit here and watch we
should ever try the GTA RPG thing you
going on what kind of character would
you play Lily I would play a big hmm you
know it's a surprise okay I kind of
already know what you're gonna say it
cuz of big but okay yeah yeah it's not a
very original meme Lily you kind of look
yeah you let the cat out of the bag you
let the Tyrone out of the bag there
one might say I started that in 2013
okay Stephen do you ever think that
you're creating monsters with your like
the community cuz like what like people
are like branching off and like
sometimes you get like a good meme like
Lucas and then sometimes you get like
these other memes like the other people
well I was here first okay yeah it's
true
it's all good it's not my [ __ ] I'm not
making Nazis so how about you quite boo
have you been
life is good I can't complain first day
of spring it's here I'm excited
are you looking forward to having a one
less campaign and run when we wipe
tonight it um it would be easier on me
but I have more stories that I want to
tell so if you guys wipes me I'll be
looking for a replacement campaign
somewhere else oh damn mm-hmm
don't leave us we love you
yeah it's mmm it is in the hands of the
two living people probably wait Lily's
acting she know now she wrote a natural
20 and got out she's a one okay cool
well I'm Jaime like a synopsis like what
had been I forgot again well let's let's
do our synopsis you guys went to Fortune
right did it Devin did you have a better
synopsis you wanted to sorry no you
could do it I have I have show notes and
stuff if you want but up what we can you
do it like a straight-a student and
class it takes all the notes and just
really wants his character alive yeah
very much I love my favorite thing about
D&D campaigns and saver diabilities
those are really cool
also hey can I rule are you for a second
Kovu no you can always try technically
that should have never hit me because a
banshees cries 30 feet away and no you
didn't anyway i but I did afterwards in
the Edit was more than 30 feet all right
oh my god because she phased through the
wall on the right side of the wall and I
was undercover on the far left of the
main hallway room under a statute what I
have come into you're all hit it doesn't
matter this is where clearly says well
actually I rolled a custom monster and
you don't know what secrets dad so yeah
so I didn't figure I was gonna get away
with it just letting you know that if I
die today it's on you okay but here's so
let's see episode 14 that was on three
thirteen okay so that was yep these
notes okay so we went to a town called
copper Hill and after
scaping from fortune the cult the first
time and there was a pretty big argument
between the party and Gerald talked to
lots of people about that argument and
then we had a one and a half hour it
says in the notes discussion about who
should be leader of the party and that
went nowhere apparently and then we
learned that count Vicious was away from
his keep conquering a place called Mead
stead he marched an army there and so
they the party decided to split up in
town where Locke and Gerald went to talk
to yours or Joris I'm sorry loris
Joris who gave Gerald a magic cookbook
on gastro man see and also mentioned the
wizard airship which is like a floating
Fortress of magic that floats around
that you can find has all kinds of cool
stuff on it
meanwhile Midori and Barbeau went to go
talk to a mercenary who told them there
was an entry a secret entrance to
fortune near the razor book River and
where rats had used that entrance to
raid the mansion of count vicious and
steal something but they didn't say what
so the party met together again and I
think we decided on a rotating
leadership thing at that point but no
one's really sure and decided to go back
into fortune through the secret interest
to investigate the vicious manner where
there was a cliff that we had to scale
to get into the key and then we came
into a chapel that where there was
nothing in stayed the night and then
opened a door to a Treasury full of
treasure and a lot of gargoyles that
attacked the party and did lots of
damage then a completely balanced and
not overpowered at all enemy appeared
and used an ability that took both Lily
and Gerald to zero HP and now we are in
the treasure room with Gerald and Lily I
think out but you said Lily's up now so
only I'm out so I can play path of Exile
and then we're gonna see what luck and
Barbeau and lily are going to do next on
this episode of gnomes tones and catechu
devyn salt it's a salt shaker that I
fill with all the salty tears from all
the players who [ __ ] about all of my
nonsense and it's Korea you're gonna
need a bigger container if you keep
using those [ __ ] abilities okay well
my love less than three all right so
here we are in the castle you've dragged
Gerald behind the wall to give yourself
a moment of breathing the two gargoyles
that were still in this room are perched
up on the top still as stone statues not
animated or anything and you have a
brief moment or I don't know how much
time you want to take to look around at
the amassed wealth about you I'm gonna
give you the highlights of this treasure
pile and then you guys can decide what
you want to do from there you have
somewhere on the order of probably a few
million copper worth of gold and silver
and gems lying around there are also
some very valuable what we're gonna call
objects of art which is any sort of
thing that has you know value besides
the like a really decorative Bowl could
be an art object or a gold and gem
encrusted sword could be an art object
right so you have a whole bunch of these
objects of art d the most important and
valuable ones are mounted on the walls
they're all in the form of weaponry
although you see like spots where there
would be other weapons too it looks like
most of the weapon racks are empty but
what remains is a long sword with a
silver blade and little gems encrusted
in it all over the place as well as four
other silver long swords of
significantly less quality but still
like outstanding and amazing and
probably super expensive there are four
silver and gem encrusted and adorned and
you know elaborated Hal birds as well
and then there are some goblets and find
clothes and it's jewelry and all that
sort of stuff
there are a lot it's difficult to
explain the amount of silver and gold in
here about with a number yeah let's
we're gonna be we're talking like 6,000
pounds worth of precious metals it's
probably the best way to describe it
okay do any of these ha birds look like
they there's no labeling or anything
that would give any indication for as to
what any of these weapons are right nope
they they don't have any labels or notes
do any of these outlook functional they
are they're functional so it's not like
a unadorned like or knit Halbert it's
like a combat one right
if the combat one but it's also ornate
and gem-encrusted with a silver axe head
on it which would be effective against
certain monsters gotcha well maybe we
shouldn't touch anything before the
gnome wakes up because we don't know if
anything's a trap that's really that's
really wise of you captain Barbara I
wouldn't expect that level of wisdom
from you okay hold on one more question
for quite boo okay if silver does that
have the same properties as like any
other metal so for instance you mean
like +1 to hit and stuff no no it's
treated us like a regular copper alloy
based blade gotcha okay okay um okay
well here we are we're in this room
Midori how are you feeling oh I'm sorry
what there are few more things I forgot
I didn't look down far enough on the
treasure table okay there is and there
aren't there's a set of three daggers
that are all like tucked together in the
same little holder mm-hmm that are
especially valuable looking and then
there is a separate dagger that's on a
rack in a sheath that looks fairly plain
there is also a wand that is dangling
from a little like a strap on a wall and
mr. Mouton you will notice that there is
what looks to be a vial of poison as
well in like a like a long rack where
you could have multiple vials most of
them are missing or empty or they're
just never put anything in there but one
of them has a vial of poison
maybe it's a healing potion me we can
port in the gnomes mouth well he's
sleeping okay so here we are
do we have any way to heal our wounds or
anything right now we have a big problem
with Gerald being knocked unconscious
we're assuming he's still unconscious
right mm-hmm you will wake up in one to
four hours do we want it can do we need
to roll for that quite boo I will roll
for it in secret and then I'll let you
know when he wakes up is there any way
to stabilize a character and 5e this
that's like well you're stabilized
you're just knocked out like any way to
like to revive you I think we need to
find your HP 2-1 somehow but I don't
think we have any Oh actually wait do I
have good berries still from majora your
highness and checks like anything I
think you need natural or alter awaken
all the other stuff is to is to bring a
person out of like the death rolls like
rolling to die but um otherwise in order
to bring someone from from stable to
like withstanding you need to raise her
HP to one I think let us not worry about
the gnome lock look at all this great
treasure for me didn't you just say that
we weren't supposed to grab the treasure
captain Bravo
you seem particularly schizophrenic
today I saw these daggers maybe we
should leave everything alone I think
what we need to do right now is we need
to rest so the most important thing is
making sure that Gerald gets up so we
can create another hut to sleep in is
Stute lock I'm glad that you agreed with
me I was just testing you well glad that
I could pass whatever arbitrary
expression you said for the crazy I see
that Midori I told you he vests now none
of you have the ability to detect
banshees or any more of these creatures
that could be coming for us
wait I took a level and cleric do you
have any healing spells I only put
shield of faith on
I mean I wait I have lights yeah what
does white main ice we need them
I can create light where there is none
Oh fascinating
Midori you have no way to heal our
little gnomish friend correct no healing
spells I'm not allowed
not a one Midori is false life bring him
up or not is that temporary HP temporary
HP and I swapped it out this session oh
my god
cuz I could make a pretty good argument
why that would bring up but I guess not
yeah well maybe we should drag a little
gnome away and leave Leave
um could we do you think we could
retreat right back outside of where we
were before um what time would it be
right now I don't remember like yeah but
how much time has passed
early early it's definitely been in the
castle for maybe two fifteen minutes
okay at most
um earlier when we entered this castle
mr. Mouton rolled in order to very
skillfully and very stealthily remove
and replace a windowpane can we assume
that it's easy to remove and replace
that I got it will he have to make that
same roll to do it to do it from the
other okay um okay yeah I think we're
gonna have to take I think we're gonna
have to take the gnome with us and we're
gonna have to leave toss my bag well
yeah you I mean you've carried them in
your bag before right you know yeah I
mean get the wand I say in a dream no
now barb oh you have I believe eighteen
passive perception or something like I
do
right oh so that's one of the other
things you notice in here in addition to
all the treasure once you're know your
vision normalizes the new stock start
paying attention to trying to bail on
valuable objects there is also a lever
sort of positioned off to the sides near
the door
it's uh it's right here on the map yeah
right here right next to the door will
you draw the liver I will I will
definitely doodle a lever for you it's
gonna be in purple so you know that it's
epic there Abba thing what if he would
wake smell what uh point out the lever
but I won't touch ya don't fall heels
the party okay III we should get him in
our backpack and we should leave can we
do this I got em let's go
okay we're gonna head down I think we
came down like a halt to get here and
find that same window they captain
Barbra used before so that we can what
yeah good you taking nothing from the
room you're just getting out correct
yeah for now alright alright you pick up
the know you guys limp your way down the
hallway back to that same room and
fairly easily you can slip out the glass
window pane shuffle on through to the
other side replace the glass window pane
yeah and then are we in the cow's wine
are we like immediately outside the
castle where immediately I said okay
from being outside this castle it could
could to kind of describe things like a
castle could be like right next to a
town or if we're up on that plateau we
could have like a reasonable assumption
that nobody would really see us just
being at the bottom of this castle next
well which is more likely there it would
be unlikely for someone to see you
the cliff then the plateau is large
enough that you would have to get closer
to the edge for anyone in the town to be
able to see you up here only someone on
the plateau or higher spot you if there
are Watchmen walking on the walls it's
guess theoretically possible that they
could see you sure although we haven't
seen any of that yet right cuz you've
been inside the castle the whole day we
haven't heard their footsteps on the
right-hand side right with mr. Burton's
18 passive perception earlier did we say
that people walking the walls when we
were coming in I don't know we didn't so
you wouldn't wait you know we came in
early morning I thought you came in at
night and then stayed in here until
early warning disguised in your Hut
your credit all the undead would be
asleep okay also we would have seen him
at night because don't doesn't at least
midori have night vision if they're like
stalking
I feel like then if torches well maybe
unless they can see torches along the
walls kena as I look around do I see any
Lincoln do er grades up here or anything
like that would take us like underground
I guess and like a I'm sure there's a
basement somewhere or just I'm asking
outside like do I see anything in my
immediate area yes there's a hatch wait
we're directly outside the castle and he
sees a hatch it's right against the face
of the castle got it it's like a cellar
I think the safest thing we can do right
now is we should just wait here
curled next to the castle and we'll wait
for Gerald to wake up and then he can
create a hut and then we can regroup in
there curled up next to the castle you
don't want to go inside this cellar I
don't know what's inside that so I agree
so I think we should just wait here okay
maybe 15 minutes later captain barb oh
you spot a solitary guard walking down
the wall actually I'm sorry it's on this
side walking down the wall you have
great perception so you spot him well
before he spots you additionally he's
you know on the wall silhouetted against
the background while you've got this
castle and there's lovely so he's gonna
have a hard time spotting you but he
might eventually so there's like a
little you said like there's a cellar
right we could probably hide behind the
cellar not in it but like behind it so
you couldn't like as easily cellar oh
it's like a doors are on the ground yeah
like a hatch you have to I will point
him out to the party do I think that
there's any lake is there any trees like
blocking the line of sight up here or
there were a couple of old dead with her
trees lying about that you might be able
to see somewhat of him yeah but you know
he'll be moving a lot if he's a proper
guard he'll be patrolling the whole wall
so eventually he'll get a new angle on
you and yeah it'll be like a constant
skirting motion to avoid the guards yeah
I mean I'm pointed out the party
announced but there's a guard
approaching there's a guard yeah he's
gonna be walking around we have no
choice we have to go into the cellar
down
okay can I check the selfie trap real
quick yeah
you mean a perception check as you take
a look at it looks trapped free looks
trap
okay can we open that throw up in the
cellar doors
well sure quite a lot okay open it's a
dirt staircase that heads down maybe
seven feet or so into an otherwise
abandoned and empty cellar is not even
any shelving in here it looks like this
is a completely unused space okay is
there is there any reasonable way that
um
Barbeau do you feel like you could keep
yourself covered if you went up above
the cellar to make sure that nobody
comes in locks us in or disrupts us
otherwise I think I could do you think
you could you feel like you could remain
set yourself website it catches you you
could escape and return to us definitely
I feel like since there's trees and
stuff I should have a van in jeonse tell
check and I'll leave I'm like a man a
single stealth check at advantage and
that will be your cell to check against
which we will roll other people's
perception checks yeah I think again
okay you want to you can stay above the
cellar and if anybody is coming or if
things look like they're gonna get bad
knock to let us know and give us one
knock if you think that we should come
out give us two knocks if you think we
should stay in and you're leaving okay
okay
and then yeah well remain in here until
Gerald wakes up okay beautiful alright
you scurry about on top making sure that
nobody comes and locks the cellar door
and nobody does three hours later Gerald
wakes up yeah huh what uh what chair
opened a I think I was I was knocked out
by something something overpowered what
happened
Gerald we need you to make a putt you
need to rest for the night wait where
are we we are in the cellar of the cows
that we came to before and we were
ambushed by banshee we need a cellar or
we need a hut now so that we can rest
and regroup and then we'll head back up
the room okay I'm on it
here we go and bring us started casting
ritual for a husband wife comes and
grabs me I mean after some number of
hours you should know to come
check on J let's see if he's awake at
least yeah check so I I cast a ritual
tiny Hut within the starter okay do you
have a tiny Hut you guys can all crawl
inside okay cool
man I don't are you gonna stay in here I
would like night um yeah a whole week er
what Oh
week is nice at night and I'm still my
health isn't one currently still one are
you do you all feel comfortable hanging
out here now that you know best we got
there's signs that you've been here that
there's like dead ruined stone gargoyles
scattering all over the main corridor
and the entrance to the Treasury has
been opened do you feel like you can
reasonably rest here for another 24
hours feel like you're working this do
you know what you're feeling I think we
should rest yeah I think that's our best
bet getting our two party members back
to full HP one night right what yeah
after eight hours is enough there's
there's a possibility that what we could
do is we could have Barbeau scout or
even go into the treasury and get some
items and then come back I think it's a
good idea to send anybody into that
Treasury to take anything it could be
trapped unfortunately since you were out
we couldn't have you checked for magical
traps or anything so we don't realize
it's magic in that room and came up with
nothing ever got it off what if there's
some kind of oh yeah handling it when
the gargoyles tacked okay there could be
mechanical traps as well we don't know
about mm-hmm did steal lever so we just
leave it I mean we can never go back to
it really can get back in the morning
yeah but by then like we we can pretty
much assume that we've alerted people
right so like maybe we should go if we
have to go back to the zoo we have to
climb down the cliff to get there right
I don't know how big of a deal it'll be
if we alerted people because um I mean
that one guard from town said that
people have been in here before rating
so I mean it's happened before it's not
like it's gonna be unheard of to these
people and it's not like we stole
anything of value from the Treasury so
that's true
yeah the door was just nothing um do we
know what what they'll probably forgive
you for breaking and entering because
you didn't steal anything
do we know what banshees do with bodies
gerald yeah what do i what what happens
to a person that's killed by a banshee
can I enroll a check to so that I don't
metagame that answer you can bet again
whatever you want it's fine because my
banshees won't follow all mine yours so
your best guess is pretty good well III
I mean what Gerald you tell me what I
know can I run like an RKO check I think
you should just tell me what you think
no I don't know it's your campaign
that's why I want to check I was gonna
say Betty came away because it won't be
100% accurate mm-hmm but that's why I'm
can I'd rather check go ahead make your
check yes basically what I'm asking you
Gerald is do you think there's a chance
that they would assume that anybody that
tried to break in was killed by a
banshee or gargoyles and their bodies
were disposed overeaten I don't know if
banshees consume corpses I've never
encountered a banshee before what is
there more of those Here I am
Kobe what my check say no banshees are
for real creatures that are mostly a
serial based they have very little
physical interaction with the plane yeah
I think only like cool things like the
things that are like the creepy ones of
the big claws those ones those guys get
corpses sometimes but there be a lot of
blood okay I'm going to make I'm gonna
make a decision okay exactly an
executive decision
sure he's still the leader lock yeah
this one outing and then we're rotating
next time okay we're gonna go back up
and we're going to investigate the
treasure room because I think if we stay
here I think that we will lose access to
anything in that room forever I don't
think little boys do anyone disagree I
think that's right but then how do we
get out we cross that bridge when we
come to it I guess we can
oh yeah the subtle that we came in
through through the city yeah no no no
this cellar this are we're in right now
but the house wait what about this maybe
the lever will open the cellar okay yeah
let's do it then we're gonna go right
okay we're gonna go right back up the
way that we just came out now that
Gerald is up like right now yeah we have
to do it before people are loaded or
they figured out something is gone let's
go am i doing yes sir I would like to
use my um out of combat I would like to
use my second wind right now knock
yourself out yeah me too
okay I'm a fully trained alright I cast
a wish and then wish for would be no
boys key forever am I feeling inspired
at all why would you feel inspired
haven't had a wonder my gun a while
interesting idea
I'll think about it not yet well Basin
you should definitely get some sort of
inspiration bonus from your gods as your
inspiration all right you make your way
back into the castle let me roll some
meaningless dice I assure you I'm just
rolling for the effects of the sound I
like that
good sound you make it way back into the
same window wait how much time okay how
much time has passed before Gerald woke
up three hours have passed
make my new class homework Oh
do your homework well we're gonna kill
him and you don't have to worry about it
I guess I'd have to make a class for a
dead guy you make your way back into
that same throne room with all the silk
cushions and sheer fabrics dangling all
over the place
the rocks from the gargoyles are still
scattered across it looks like no one
has been here since you've left the door
is just you found it Treasury is on full
display of all of its wealth okay um I
think that we should only send one
person into the room at the time to
minimize losses something catastrophic
happens not me uh gnome can you cast the
tech magic I start the ritual at a first
level wait you really we need to move
that quick it's been three hours
wait we need a ten-minute ritual right
yeah I'm just I'm asking the party what
that's fine yeah we can wait oh yeah
detect magic ritual can I um can we
place ourselves like how many entrances
are there to this room two or three
we're just one so like north east south
west east leads into the treasure
mystery here is a doorway mm-hmm this
over here is a doorway this is the
doorway and down here is the way Oh what
is like this how do I draw this [ __ ] or
columns this is like way do you see my
arrows right now I do what is what is
this this is the raised Dyess upon which
the throne sits understood okay gotcha
and then where's the oh this okay could
each of us like sit are these doors
close or they just entryways
two halls they are closed except for the
one that you've entered through which is
probably okay Midori and Locke
or I'm sorry Midori and Barbeau can each
of us sitting here at door and listen
very carefully to make sure we can know
if we hear somebody coming on a hall
yeah okay so pick a door I've got this
one at the top I'll just cover these two
since I have like the best perception or
I think there's a door beneath me and
then a door to the right correct there's
four doors this one yeah the one at the
bottom is what we came through will
assume that want to say I mean it might
not be a bit okay
yeah Doria will you jump up to the other
one yep all right Gerald you cast your
spell it goes off the set of three
daggers are all magical okay they loan
on a door and dagger is also magical the
wand is magical and that's it that's it
is there any magic in the room itself no
are you sure yes okay Gerald what do you
see um I see no traps of magical nature
the three daggers and the one diner over
there on its own plus the mat and the
wand are all magical of some great power
but that remember my spell doesn't allow
for mechanical things there could be
something there that is not of arcane
nature what do you think Gerald do you
think it's worth that you try to grab
the one on the daggers I think so but I
think Bravo should take a look and make
sure there is nothing untoward
mechanically about the room okay do you
want to trade places with Captain
Barbara you can investigate
yeah it's swap places yeah I do
all right give me a full-fledged
perception check captain barb oh well
you certainly don't see any traps
anywhere you do spot about 15 pounds
worth of gems there's about a thousand
pounds worth of gold about 5,000 pounds
worth of silver a hundred pounds of our
objects including those weapons we saw
their report to the party I don't see
any immediate traps okay if you want to
grab the one for Gerald and get the four
daggers yeah you want me to grab it yeah
I mean I mean there's at this point if
the safest it can possibly be I don't
think there's any traps of any untoward
nature we've detected a one get though
grab the wand out first never get to
Gerald I did I grabbed the one and I'm
gonna bring it to jail
you have given Gerald one to take a look
I mean I guess you could give me an ER
can of chicken I'll give you some time
to figure it out how long can a check is
thank you you're gonna need some more
time to investigate
I grab the Duggars okay grab it down
which set whoa wait wait you said -
plain-looking dagger crack in the next
three of set of three yeah I'm grabbing
the plain one all right you grab the
plain one it's yours okay um can you
pass me one of those silver Hal birds as
well I might be able to use it if we're
fighting vampires just get greedy I'll
grab the good silver halberd there are
four of them wasn't there like one that
was way more I'm gonna grab the long
story wait I don't need a long story
using Hal birds whatever Graham the
Humber and thank you I want the one with
the most blue on it the most blue gems
okay get him the most red one no there's
no blue in there wait is there coiba
intelligence check to remember if there
are blue
No I walk over to the door and I'd peek
inside okay I want the one that kept
Barbara give me the halberd that's
covered inside yeah okay do I have that
how can you add that how about Taniya
she weighs one pound more than your
because it's made out of silver and as
gems another Sedona so it's a little bit
heavier okay cool I grab that 15 pounds
of gems and throw it in the ship that'll
take a while because they're scattered
through they're scattered wait what
about the other three daggers barb oh
I'm feeling not good about those
honestly if you've already the room is
as safe as it possibly can be no one
here has a keener eye than you do barb
oh and you assured us there were no
traps in that room we've seen that
Gerald is loose okay so we have four
magical daggers I have a keen eye do I
see something like an orb or anything
like that you see like a philosopher's
stone
there is no Philosopher's Stone that you
can see unless it's like one of these
gargoyles are a regular rock line
somewhere it's early what are the odds
then I mean walking on I can pull the
lever as I'm walking slam % wait perfect
I mean your arm would still be in by the
time the love I could I'm quick did you
want to pull the lever wait okay I'm
grabbing another halberd well you have
to help urns now I'm using the halberd
as I'm outside the door to like pull the
load wait wait wait Barbara what are you
doing I already did it the way you cook
the halberd head around the door and
used it to push the lever fantastic the
throne shifts comes a drag I quietly
there is a staircase below oh my god
decades below boys I found it
and girls me and Walker the boys in the
know them in the in Doria the girls but
what does it look like inside the
staircase dark is there anything else of
value in this room you none of the sorts
are magical correct no magical but
there's one very very nice-looking
silver longsword that's you know one of
the most beautiful objects how much does
it weigh so four pounds okay can you
yeah I can hold on to it is that okay
I'll grab it okay can you give me
another hopper then yeah okay you want
it to a wheel just give me another one
ah so into the algorithm so I have dark
vision what is in the staircase the
staircase goes down about 20 feet and
then levels off and goes forward and at
that point the the roof of the staircase
is blocking your view
so that's like a corridor yeah okay do
we also want to grab that I don't know
how we know this but to grab the poison
I guess the vial yeah
wait do you know does barbone know the
poison and the effects of the poison can
you tell by sniffing it or this isn't
used on the giant Hajin what do you
think I would need some time to
carefully inspect this problem can I
expect the plain dagger sure what he
said that was magical crack yeah but you
can't detect magic Barbara what are you
looking at for it I could I'm sure I
could feel it you can feel magic and
everything huh if you draw it from its
sheath and everything I mean it would
yeah yeah you take that of its chief and
you don't notice too much but everyone
around you notices that you sort of like
fade out of existence
slightly you're now twenty five percent
transparent high percent oh yeah I'm out
I stopped bleeding [ __ ] boys we've
really [ __ ] joint this [ __ ]
thank you can't we get out of here um
well yes but this corridor here I can
only see about 20 feet I don't know
where it leads
should we go this way don't think we
should with my life numb
I mean it was there for a reason
wait down into the down beneath the
throne you're saying yeah right there I
looked in it and there's a corridor okay
I mean hold on is there is there another
blip I have an idea what I send the out
down the corridor Oh lovely
the owl heads down the corridor near the
closest door to the retinal room
it is a pentagonal room filled with dirt
just bounds and mounds of dirt all over
the place there are ten coffins chamoy
shed each of the walls and there is a
section in the middle that looks like it
would have a coffin but it has been
removed
and there's a large section of dirt
missing from around it at the very back
end at the apex of the Pentagon is a
glass like shadowbox case if you know
what I mean what's in the case
thank you I'll tell on each of your owl
oh yeah girl can float up right up to it
there is a brown chemica a reddish brown
crumbly rock suspended in midair in the
case not touching any side of the case
whatsoever just levitating in midair
does it look like a stone it looks like
a rock is it like a stone the same thing
yes I'm a Potter
is it like us like a stone like that
someone like Aristotle or Socrates would
philosophize over dude those guys
philosophized over everything so yeah
certainly certainly
um Ram Hill toilets are the coffins
empty all of them is a room empty before
the coffins closes around the core on
the perimeter or all closed the middle
where there's something missing
I turn to the okay so basically I think
I know where the stone is
because down there in the corridor
there's like this floating rock but
there's also ten coffins probably full
of stuff that'll kill us conversation
very quietly
Tiny's whispers so you guys are all up
stuck together in one spot oh well you
can't whisper across okay hold on no no
no no our positions are one we should
each one of us should be next to each of
the doors and then captain Barbeau was
inside the treasure room okay I'm gonna
walk over to the room I got one or
Halbert okay I want three wait I can't I
can't I like attached taste of my back I
have the way to do it cannot attach them
to your back we can talk later about the
impracticality of carrying pull on your
back okay wait how many of these can I
carry then I just need to know you can
carry as many sure you can carry them in
your arms drop all the one I mean I can
okay I can do it I can give you the the
invisibility if you want might as well
write me miserable demon let me go grab
that stone well hold on he's only he's
only invisible to like a like a naked
eye right like magical detection could
still see him no no only very very
powerful people can see invisibility
like the kind of people that might be
protecting a philosopher's stone
yeah those kind if you want to borrow
them be my guest
I mean if you just want to leave um I
mean I feel like we've come too far not
to investigate so we just go and live in
a farm somewhere and Hillsboro all right
captain Barbeau very it's your dumb
question quit boob but can the owl
actually the the glass case is closed
completely is it enclosed in a glass
case completely yeah that's on six sides
there's no there's no way to reach in
you'd have to break the glass of someone
or just take the case one of the two how
heavy does the case look
few pounds okay so ever seen an alkyl a
dog that well because the owl can how
much can I begin a familiar carry I
think the beige smart is that the owl
like getting a grip on something that is
made mostly of glass you know like an
owl might be able to pick up a rabbit
because it's got a good grip on it but
the glass is notably very pretty endless
and difficult to grip what all comes up
and we put one of our gloves on the
apple the Apple cannot carry this no fly
and like just so it'll like tip into the
rope anyone alright captain Bravo if you
want to do this the whole parties future
is resting on your shoulders it's a very
high chance that you die I'm not gonna
lie if I if I cast I will cast this for
you but I'm saying it's up to you like
you will probably die down there there's
a child back in Capri I have to get back
to you guys but you just seem to leave
and we going some good [ __ ] we where the
baddies in this campaign okay let's just
get out of here we went we may never
find another phosphorus tone if we don't
go in there but we're good I yeah I
think you will I am not kidding yeah I
think so I mean if he's invisible he
should have the opportunity to sneak out
I mean or at least escape with his life
if any of us can do it it would be
captain Barbeau he's the nimblest give
us all it's true but invisibility me
okay okay I did already
you are now invisible no one can see you
wait while he goes down wait did he
actually okay wait well he's going down
there if I'm gonna carry these like an
idiot anyway I wanna go to the fourth
halberd okay so I got you've got them
tucked in your arm you can do it at this
point you know I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna do a sex right okay I just wanna I
want a little bit inspiration for me
to give you an inspiration yeah okay
good quit earlier and I start heading
down I check for traps first on the
staircase yeah give me a perception
check okay
what do you say recession check please
my Ben how do you get roommate yelling
at me what if I enlarge the owl owl can
get a grip on the glass he's large yeah
all right Luc note traps on the
staircase okay fine do you know look at
loose footing on the staircase loose
dirt all over the place but you know I
want the gnome on my back he has direct
vision I it's just too much I just can't
do it I can't sell anything I wanted to
be if I die you need to die
gotta roll this I could cast dark vision
I don't have a parade nevermind what is
their chickens it's quite gloomy on but
I'm not I can't go yeah me but you have
dark vision no cuz you're not invisible
or stealthy I start going down there
Barbeau before he goes down I look in
the direction where I think he is you're
very brave
I believe in you right if I if I don't
come back I would like you to take those
halberd sell them and give them to the
kid with is with the captain sure I
think Barbara is for you thank you
I go down
you're meetin me no no oh can you guys
here I can't room hello you can hear
every guy's joint denims already out by
the time you don't know you head down
the staircase and with your 18
perception you immediately notice that
there are no footsteps anywhere in this
dirt it's completely untouched as if
someone had just recently shoveled it in
here and let it sit I'll stay a silent
prayer in my head uh uh I ain't feeling
too hot about this one but you know what
you want me to do cool [ __ ] I'm going to
go do some cool [ __ ] for you can grab
you a Philosopher's Stone and I continue
on slow may be invisible but you still
leave footprints why don't you draw me
with some sort of drawing tool your
route over there wait do we have some
kind of uh oh oh I see if I'm done in
this [ __ ] alright the Box in the middle
it has no dirt on it and it goes all the
way down to stone relatively no dirty
house little ie
can I look around as upside and Shep and
check and like see if I see any traps or
anything that has untoward I guess
quickly
no no traps whatsoever these walls are
about 20 feet on a side so this skittle
is not quite correct and if I put the
magic of six and a half feet wide as
well if I put the magic ring on do I
think that would prevent footsteps oh
wow don't you think
alright I'm pulling out the dagger that
phased me that's the first thing yeah
sure and I'm also putting a little magic
ring on from way before that protect
against water this there's dirt in water
so I feel like I should be able to stand
on top of the water dirt and not make a
single footstep
sounds like that's a captain barber
would think that's just science Koivu so
and I will just you just have to I just
want to know where the route you did
this can be long I'm giving you two
lines the quickest route okay you walk
over avoiding the section in the middle
come up to this box that is placed
against the wall it's glass on six sides
there's a stone floating in the middle
what do you do
how big is a box it's maybe a foot tall
six inches deep I check for traps real
quick perception check actually barb oh
it's pretty dark in here there's not
much light I think you can barely see I
feel like this Philosopher's Stone is
radiating it is not radiating light
effort will you grant me some eyesight
for I am colorblind
well she reminds you that you have a
light spell like I said you've got the
spell mr. Riddick she is ready to help
you if you cast your light spell so in
the character that I was supposed to
have created for me I think that there
is honestly in my cleric Afra ability I
should be able to see in the dark I
think that's one of the cool things
you're about to add but you neglected
well maybe she'll add it after this if I
being inspired about your needs but for
the time being you can read the light as
can me I'll do a perception check for
traps sure you'd have to shout it down
to him for him to hear it though or I
just know without knowing without
telling him why it's a 19 DM music I
don't know
wait if you casa de i take me all away
all right i'ma just [ __ ] yank that
[ __ ] in about in the same footsteps
which [ __ ] the box or this stone isn't
the stone in the box the stone is in the
box
yes okay you want the box the whole box
okay sure you you won't get roughly it
sounds like roughly going cos not like I
doing things easily you ain't like I am
very nice with the bugs now you know the
captive Barboza's so you just generally
pick it up not you don't yet I gently
pick it up yeah okay all right I'd like
to leave in the same footsteps oh they
made before sure you you trace your
steps and head back out I've [ __ ] as
soon as I get up at the top of this day
they're just sir running always my glass
goodbye party let's go boys like what
would leave well to go wait he has the
box with the stone in it yes go let's
leave he's got the box with the donut
which is still hovering you know if you
fit as you move it cuz it's hard to keep
one the stone just keeps floating in the
very center of it all cool all right you
guys dip out I believe is if I close the
letter you you you lift the lever up
yeah yep these stone grates on stone the
throne slides over and I literally
[ __ ] dip do you think um real quick
do you think you want to fill your
pockets with any of the gems no I don't
you greedy goblin okay that's good that
was another test for you Barbra
congratulations you're a real schumler
right now let's go let's get out same
way we came in
get out you find yourself outside one
more time it is still it's about noon
never guess maybe a little bit before
okay there's a guard walking along the
wall and you can I'm invisible right
you were still in America throw that
[ __ ] my backpack and I'm
okay can we own the box in your backpack
should be able to know what else is in
your backpack uh do you even have a
backpack any more than the bag Neal
doesn't weigh anything I have a dagger a
Russ stager is on my side I think the
dagger is also on my side the rest
tracker is a little sheath my sword I
don't have any food on me anymore
probably my Navigator tools are my
thieves tools it's like the thing okay
and you also picked up I remember a gem
encrusted longsword right I did are you
adding in her going to I will add it for
you I also oh I also have the new plane
dagger and then the three set of daggers
sorry I forgot about these metagame it
was no I was busy uh being very afraid
of my life turned out fine for now
oh I asked you earlier did I ever figure
out with the the plane oh I did plan
across dagger did okay do you guys head
out you were outside of the castle you
see a guard walking along the wall and
you can wait for him to do his rounds
and past the point where he could see
you before you slip out of the castle
and the only question is what do you do
now it's the middle of the day
um how can't give me you start making
our way back to the sure it makes it
back to the tower at the edge where you
climbed up and down before but it is the
middle of the day so if you climb down
the cliff now you're going to be spotted
100% no doubt so we can go back to the
cellar and wait till night
[Music]
I don't know but the problem with that
is like by then there may be all kinds
of people here I could also just cast
invisibility on everyone
since our bows are no I can't I one
person would have to not be invisible
because I prayed the consecration my
last spell well you can cast
invisibility on three of us and then
captain barber and use that ring and
he's fairly stealthy anyway so yes I can
do that
okay can we do that the problem is we
would have to survive climbing down and
I'll probably die okay captain barber
put you in his backpack and climb down
with you yeah yeah Midori take this base
well so so I will shows that we're gonna
do a Midori take what do you want to
take the Stoneheart thing I can't have
that and the gnome yeah we can't put
both in the backpack oh yeah okay yeah
whatever we have to do to get down this
yeah cliff tanga Midori
okay so Midori is gonna carry the glass
case with the philosopher's stone we're
gonna carrying it Midori you have a
backpack on do it do that soon so yeah
it's [ __ ] too gay oh there's some stuff
in there not a lot you could probably
fit in there there you know that's a
purse you put the case in the backpack
and then Nome climbs in moutains
backpack yeah and then the gnome and
visibility's the three other characters
at third level because now Nome is gear
so the Nome goes invisible too right yes
yeah and everyone can scramble down make
me a dc-10 acrobatics or athletics check
to get down the mountainside the cliff
side and we are happy
Lily Wales the only one that matter like
dia of inspiration Oh
okay all right you make it down you can
find the sewer grate while you're
invisible even during the middle a day
wait for a moment for no one to look and
head down easy-peasy
if you'd like into the sewers yep hey
there beautiful halbert's okay can I
borrow one no I can't believe this is
this worked I just can we get into the
sewer to meet up with our friends sure
captain Faden and two of his Raiders are
here one of them is missing and there is
another person a captive who is bound
and gagged blinded gotcha Satan what
have you been this person came down
maybe half an hour after you guys left
we didn't weren't sure if you were
coming back or not so well we have one
now
wait are you missing a soldier he's
guarding the other entrance the exit
okay umm we can take this one with us
then and then leave yeah we you need to
get out of here
also they didn't I have a task for you
could you please carry these three
Hubbard's and I had them in three hours
looking disappointed do you swap Albert
why you look at this when I notice a
disappointed look in his eye in his eyes
I tell him these hot birds are great
importance to our mission trust me
complies ok I'm a copper for 500 gold
now we don't pay him any more of these
you can carry something through it yeah
that's like like throwing can be like a
dime or something if I'm a cop really
100 bucks there's a copper as a dollar
roughly oh my god
three dollars the twitch give him a
twitch donation this is so bright
there's land on the sewer floor it's he
does not catch then I'm not gonna pick
him up I got a better ship
okay let's can't we leave please yeah
okay we're out and then we don't want to
get on the whatever carriage or horses
or however we got here and then we want
to go back to the city without the
creepy yeah now you get out to the
rivers
where you will now have to climb the
cliff back to the regular ground where
you can exit an escape and flee for your
life so I'm gonna need one more
athletics and we're all is this juice
eaten about 30 or 40 feet okay there's
no way we can help anybody else do you
do inspiration before after the role
before boy amusements oh my god I'm
afraid then do it do I get it back
no I glide across and look cool doing it
and a girl gives me your number halfway
through it's just an illusion all right
do you guys make it out and I headed
back to copper hill yes all right you
can skedaddle all the way back to copper
hill on the way Captain Satan asks you
so how did it go what happened um we'll
talk about it when we were back in town
and we are healthy and safe because we
are definitely pretty rough right now
around the edges we fought a dragon not
quite not true but three day journey
shirt give me a deception check yeah
they don't believe it three day journey
back to town um before we go we could
rest somewhere for like a day so that
we're prepared if there's something that
happens right is there between here and
there is there a safe spot where we
could reasonably create like a camp or
wait how long is this journey that's
okay yeah yeah then is there a place
where we can reasonably there are a
bunch of villages scattered throughout
this plane maybe one of them hasn't in
like to take a it precisely eight-hour
rest don't one of these villages yeah
sure you come across the village of
that's a good name for crappy village
out in the middle of playing about a
couch I you come across the little
village of cow pie
there is a tavern that they will let you
sleep in the common room on some of the
these like large communal beds that they
have around here for pastors by I want
to sleep it locked you will charge you
only five copper a night okay and yeah
sounds good
I'll give them how much copper 20 well
that's exactly enough okay yeah kissed
Aidan and his dudes are taking care of
their own thing right okay cool
before we get here though you do have
one captive and yeah zoom in just got up
to the surface what do you want to do
with your one captive before you bring
him into a village um we can hold him
out while I reserve the rooms and then
I'll come back and then we'll question
him sure all right
yeah the you guys get a space in the
common room it's just one big open area
at the in the living room they don't
have a private room we don't need a room
that's okay it's a village occult Kowhai
man they don't have a night there's no
in here there's not a lot of Commerce
going in this direction forty silver to
have a private room in their house it
was thirty [ __ ] where's like twenty Cabo
I'm asking if we can have a private room
you don't need a private room
everybody's okay if you would like to
ask you I would like to ask ya can I pay
for a private room maybe just for a
night for sure yeah Thank You silver
thirty silver yeah you you can have my
house for the night sure
Eric weary yeah Airbnb tit now we have a
nice area to throw this [ __ ] and
in question without anybody askin yeah
thank you takes you to his house he's
shoes his kids out tells them to go
sleep in a barn or something
his wife is long dead so the place is
yours there's nothing to value in here
to steal I don't want to steal he
doesn't thief worry about it okay we're
not thieves cleaver all right um
good thinking barb oh we can bring that
captive in here and I questioned him
yeah
sure thank by now it's probably evening
or night mm-hmm
so you have your old gathered together
in front of a fire in this guy's house
with your one captive who's still bound
and gagged with a bag over their head
why does he wear the mask can I ask my
question please who are you working for
dan dan mm-hmm you're working for Dan
mm-hmm who's Dan what um he he's the the
town the new sheriff of fortune
uh-huh I kill bill chair you're not
working for Dan anymore Dan's dead I
kind of figured what I cut a finger off
wait why do you why screams Barbara what
do you do Barbara can you wait outside
while we talk to this man I just see he
didn't know I mean business law mean
business about what we don't even know
what this guy's done which I did about
him he's a little bit off the chain yeah
all right for my finger it was just a
pinkie yes go to him and try to bandage
it up for him you can yes give you a
medicine check I'm so sorry about him
you're gonna be okay
he goes quiet anyway look we if you work
with us we can heal that no problem
we're we're we have great powers that's
how we were able to get you right so
that's that we can heal it but you have
to answer our questions mm-hmm okay so
you're from the town of fortune mm-hmm
and what's going on there why is all
does the big group of people that do the
weird things what are you eating like
during the full moon why do you guys
gather at worship of priests what do you
guys worshipping yeah that we entombed
the dead and in the tombs under the name
of which God do you worship a God so
that priests that you had that leads
your processions doesn't worship any God
you worship the priest he's dead too we
know you don't know you're outside
Barbara what um is there somebody that
stepped up to replace that manner this
vicious know that you guys bury the dead
and the way that you do or know about
the priests or any of the people you
worship in that city Lord fish just
knows everything
the water um whatever Tim why is it
there what do you understand the concept
of a tomb well it's not just a tomb
there's that wouldn't they come back out
and walk around do you get it
there's like there's living dead in that
in there they they don't stay dead hey
Walker Helen stays dead give the memory
readings Boatwright say I do I do have a
memory outside but Gerald would know
that yeah this man's mind yeah I shall I
will begin a ritual to cast the reed
memory spell on this gentleman it's a
custom spell that you gave me called oh
yeah and it can't be it's a ritual as
well we said yes it is let me just look
at my to spell that I'm drawing it from
give you the text for it nobody gave you
no text for a perfect
it won't do whatever you say it does yep
so what are you looking for in this
guy's memory and he hits this save which
he fails with the natural one what am I
looking for in his memory um well I want
some time I want to specify the time
that he's had with sheriff Dan um and
like what is work was and the kind of
like things they were doing and like
particularly anything around all that
you see sort of like a life montage of
walking along walls and looking and
walking and looking and then you know
beating somebody in the night with the
stick and dragging him off to jail and
then walking and waiting and drinking
with his friends looks like a regular
old boring guards life to you he never
did anything weird with how does he know
about all the like he knows about the
tomb and stuff like um let's focus I'm
gonna like shift around in his mind like
I want to focus on like the night's the
full moon nights was he ever involved in
something weird they're like going into
the tomb I knew from his memory you can
see him watching the tomb as it's big as
people as sessions are going in carrying
the bodies and he's always on the
outside watching that the one memory
that comes to mind is when his younger
sister died and they entombed her and
that's the vision that you get is of him
watching as they carry her a little
sarcophagus the pharmacy thingy into the
walls and he's never the ideas of never
seeing her again and she's finally gone
flow through him is there any idea of
like I like reverence or like worship or
like anything attached to these memories
that would indicate like any kind of
like devotion to or like like does he
remember being a part of religion or
please okay you hold your dog like a
baby right now
finally a role that we make sense yeah
you have this memory there or he has
this memory as a young child of some
tall dark-haired man with like a silvery
beard standing over him holding a
branding iron and pressing it to this
guy's back when he was a child anything
else around that is a lot of reverence
and sort of like allegiance and loyalty
is associated with this branding I kind
of like well I have my hand out and I'm
like concentrating I kind of like
explained to the party I'm like this man
is a normal guard nothing nothing
untoward though he has been scarred some
kind of brand or burn placed on his back
I think a symbol of the of the cult or
that we discovered before he worships
them but he he's just been a guard all
of his life nothing abnormal just a guy
okay if there's no good information we
can glean from him then we'll just keep
him with us for the night and then we'll
set him free in the morning
we could send him yeah but I mean he's
seen us so if he goes back he's had a
bag over his head the whole time
mm-hmm ah okay yeah we can let him go
okay if that's all we can do then um I
need uh tiny hot weed why would you tiny
how when you paid 30 silver for a room
because I'm worried about monsters that
are unborn the night coming for us
we can have rotating guards outside at
night 15 miles from town so you couldn't
hear anything if it was happening in
that town you're on the other side of a
river it's fine it all passes easily you
can yell and roll your hip dice I
believe most of you are almost out of
hit nice though why don't you get one
rest it useful didn't we know oh you did
a full rest in inside at Cobra Hill
right yeah never mind
before the copper hill you guys are out
of hit dice okay I think you're all good
right now
I roll how many dice can we expend a
tonight
the rogue or the clerk they both use da
so it's gonna be the same same thing
lovely you take the next two days to get
back to copper Hill where you wake it I
don't know if oh no let the guy go Locke
I think we need to put an axe on this
guy cuz he knows the way we headed even
though he had a bag on his head I just
don't I don't feel good about this guy
he has allegiance go ahead I'm sorry you
are right yeah he went into the he went
into the sewers and he found he knows
that like people went through the sewers
ninos absolutely not I don't think we
have any reason to go back to that town
if they want to secure their sewer
that's up to them it's not us to decide
the fate of that scene knows the way
that we went out of the sewer though
so he knows which direction we went so
what are they gonna send an army to
march on copper Hill they've already
sent their armies West with vicious it's
not even gone West I mean we wait how do
we how do we how would he send the army
or how would they know which direction
they went out of the sewer he was
blindfolded from that point so he only
knows that they discovered us in the
sewer well we can reasonably assume that
he knows where we should just assume
that we know which direction we've gone
so far yeah I think that's the fairest
just in case yes he has allegiance to it
what I'll call a Dark Lord do you really
want that kind of scum rubbing their out
room roaming the earth aye
we're not we don't take prisoners and
execute them for no reason this man's
done nothing to us just set him on his
way and then we'll deal with what comes
I don't think anything that bad is gonna
come to us right for setting this man
free yeah I think it's some point we
need to stop killing everybody I agree I
won't kill him but I am gonna take his
tongue no no he doesn't need his tongue
he can work that's just as bad no like
not at all I'm being cautious unless
Locke is gonna kill me for this I think
that this is best no we're not gonna cut
a man's tongue from his mouth for no
reason all right I'm the leader after
this yeah next week you can take charge
of this torture and murder yeah yeah as
soon as we head back to town yeah the
reins are yours for a while you could
torture that many people as you want
30-month okay yeah we've set him free
all right you set him free you make your
way back to copper Hill safe and sound
not a monster in sight the whole way
that's too much
yeah you guys didn't rest here if you
wanna take a long rest or whatever do
you guys want to take a short break and
come back in about five or six minutes
you're sure new plans and everything
okay okay okay
I'll be a break um oh do I have to do
that yes
nice one Lily Thanks okay I wanna do
that all right we'll be back in five or
six minutes I haven't been mean at all
today Lily okay
you
hello and welcome back to no stones and
catacombs so you have made it back to
copper hill and you're going to rest
here right no before we rest here can we
go to storm home Strom I'm yes Trondheim
cool let you luck
yeah we can wait what's where a strong
storm huh drama no it's the big castle
place I'd like to go grab little Jimmy
or whatever his name was
mmm-hmm Bobby yeah Bobby
he should be at the sheriff's station
training right now Bobby grab your [ __ ]
head now Bobby looks at you with those
excited eyes your back I knew you were
gonna come back everyone said you
wouldn't but I knew you were gonna come
back ah
ephra never ever willing will always let
me come back to you Bobby I know I told
everyone I said he's gonna go and do
something super dangerous and I can't
tell anyone but it's he's going that way
and and and they said that no one ever
that goes that way it comes back and you
did yeah I'm so close we got a dick out
what okay okay
alright it'll be another day just drama
hi guys there one day later it is now
the 10th of January 15 11 strong Haim
you arrived at strong time the castle
wait the city walls we're rolling up on
strong time strong home I won't have a
conversation before we get in cool
ok so when we're like maybe like a mile
out when we have like the castle in our
sights I would like to get out and pull
aside the main party to have a private
conversation so that like falen or
whatever no one else carry with it and
or the or the boy can't hear us what
Bobby
yeah Bobby my Squire well that you can
decide what you want to tell him after
ok ok
yeah can we do that are we doing that
yeah ok so right now how many people are
in that cart we've got Faden we've got
two soldiers and we've got Bobby correct
and then three soldiers and Bobby yeah
three soldiers including that in right
Satan 4 and 3 for a total four total for
it ok ok
4 and Bobby so 5 guests and the 4 pcs
okay cool okay um okay guys listen I
think that do you um do you know Gerald
is this a philosopher's stone is that
what we have here in our possession now
I suspect that it is but I won't know
exactly what it is until we take some
time to look at it I guess very good
chance
what do you been able to look at it on
our three day four day journey now yeah
I looked at my daggers you might have
been able to make some observations
while you're resting on your journey you
could be in my backpack that's the whole
time
I mean I'll probably need like I can run
in our can I check right now but I'll
probably need like a week to unpack all
of our magic items and see what it is
yeah
what were my daggers Oh your daggers you
will have that practice with them when
you throw them at something and miss
they returned to your hand
all three all three oh oh so coy boo
something really cool a while ago I
actually picked up a book by chance
encyclopedia of Magica four rods dais
tabs and wands well look at that sure
enough the wand that you have matches up
exactly with the description of the one
of the ones in there it is a one but
detect magic it will have some number of
charges I was gonna give it to a girl
Midori clock
um I don't throw daggers I can't Oh give
the dagger to Bobby and keep one for
myself
okay so we're giving him a dagger Bobby
majority's got a dagger of returning
Bobby so I throw this dagger and he can
come back if you missed your target it
will return to your hand
and then my other dagger I'm guessing
Bay's dagger wait wait wait wait okay
Koivu so there are three men before me
and I try to throw my dagger at the one
in the middle but I quote unquote miss
and I hit one to the right well the
dagger leave his body and come back to
me afterwards no because if I hit a wall
with my dagger it won't come back if a
do you properly hit and like it sticks
in the wall it will not return but if
you just like to drop it and it falls to
the ground that also doesn't return
because you'd miss you're not targeting
something does it take the shortest path
back to your hand it does not it police
[Music]
okay my other dagger can have another
question let's say throw the dagger and
I'm if links back to my hand right but
let's name I have a position like you
know conveniently in front of someone's
chest would it blink like inside their
chest see you wanna like throw and miss
and then immediately move your hand
exactly I think the only way to know is
to give it a shot who do you want to
test this on captain Barbara Bobby
tonight can I test it don't lick on a
tree or something you know
sure totally yeah hey don't it so you
you stand near a tree you throw the
dagger at something and then put your
hand right next to the tree what happens
and the dagger didn't over there okay
broke the dagger midori again I'm just
experimenting it's cool you're welcome
so much captain bevel the problem the
phase there P dagger did I figure out
exactly what it is no give me and Arkana
check buddy
it's better than Devon usually rolled
honestly we want to give you'll notice
that at some point while you're playing
with this dagger you like stub your toe
on something or you like kick a branch
on the ground or a root and it doesn't
really hurt you know there there's some
other interactions with the stagger
besides the like slightly becoming less
visible Devon what do you I walked over
let me see let me see
throat um Oh hand it to him yeah I I
would I take a look mr. Kent
sure oh my god did you hook this thing
and immediately you realize that you are
25% ethereal you could sort of almost
see through other living and non-living
are once living objects and you you
you've been pulled 25% into the ethereal
plane you will sustain one less point of
damage from any source and with this
dagger you will be able to strike
creatures that are in the ethereal plane
or creatures that need magical weapons
to hit them because they're in the
ethereal plane mmm I go back to Bravo um
this dagger has great power it will
transfer you partially to another realm
so what you know wait what I can't do
anything with it feel like you should
build a magic [ __ ] in the theory or plan
with the dagger actually and I think
damage I think I'll hold on to it
Midori you already have your grey pain I
have no magical weapons right now so
it's very hard for me to attack certain
types of creatures I've had to use your
sword like several times like picking it
up off of you once you've been felled if
that's a kind yeah
yeah I appreciate it but I can't really
do much unless it's like a book or like
something okay here take a look okay
of course [ __ ] also I still have roots
in a decade what listen I am this is the
only magical weapon I have okay [ __ ]
calm down you guys all have cool [ __ ]
chill it out okay okay we're all
here all right guys listen I think we're
gonna have to start travelling far
differently than we did in the past now
that we have both of these objects I
don't think that we should either I'm
not sure I mean you guys can decide what
to do I think we can either station two
people outside of whatever city were in
and only send in two at a time so that
we always have at least two people that
are outside of a city watching over
these items or we're gonna be almost
perpetually split into two groups with
one of us each holding these items so
that somebody can't take both of them
from us I don't think it would be a good
idea to be inside of a city holding both
of these items because the potential for
us to get trapped by either city guards
or some group I think is quite high I
can hold the helmet well what do you
think is good should we have we can
either set up camp outside the city any
city I mean anytime we arrive at one we
could have two items held in a camp
outside with two people guarding or we
can just split them between you know two
of our groups and then we can pair off
like that we going to split them between
us and then we can go into cities it's
important that we stay together as much
as possible though yeah different rooms
inside the hotel or whatever I'm just
worried that like if somebody gets win
that we have these items if like an army
or something shows up at one of these
places and we're all inside with both of
these items we're gonna lose these items
immediately what are the chances of that
happening though we've been fine I mean
the thing it yeah the thing is luck at
like if we are gonna die we should die
together right like there's nothing
that's gonna well I think at this point
I think something is at stake that's
more important than our lives which is
keeping these items separated from one
another somebody that we think is not
good is trying to get both of them no we
don't think there's any risk of anybody
coming after these items I mean the
thing is is that the people in a I
assume vicious or whatever people are
following him and fortune are going to
know that this stone is missing but not
by it not who took it maybe okay I mean
I think we should just proceed as we
have normally until we have reason to
believe that we're in danger okay people
in the party yes I agree yeah that's
fine I also give you the returning
beggar and take the physic if you want
me to hold on to the stone I can because
I have the I have the greatest
agree of escape to get away from
something and he could use it like
magically to boost maybe we needed I
have to we have to spend a week looking
at it but yeah I can I can start messing
with it sure I think that's fair wait
did I just did you just trade records
with me yep wait what do I have the
returning deck you have the returning
it's still magical I just think I can if
I can utilize the phase for self and
stuff oh wait how much do these weigh
pound okay but we have to figure out how
to get it out of its class case for me
to hold on to the stone okay we need to
be incredibly careful about telling who
we have these items like telling who
we've got telling other people that we
have these items we should never ever do
this ever yes right yeah so I think we
should katharine barbour like telling
random people that we've killed priests
or anybody from a city we should
absolutely never divulge this
information publicly to people we don't
want anybody to be able to draw a trail
of like where we've been or what we've
been up to I agree he couldn't see us
but I do agree yes okay
can I tell them that we killed dragons
and you can make up whatever you want I
guess but just yeah we shouldn't tell
people we want I still have a crown of
domination here in my bag I think Midori
right now I was holding on to the
whatever that stone is do you have me to
hold on to the crown I mean I feel
comfortable holding on to it it's okay
and I'll hold on to the stone is there
any very obvious way to take it out of
its quest case or is this gonna be an
effort Neil
you could probably pry the glass case
open but any process would inevitably
destroyed the gate glass case maybe we
should just leave it alone
specifically to hold something I think
I'll wait till I can examine it do you
remember the wizard that we brought the
giant to it seemed to be greatly studied
in these types of things let's go back
to him
yes but can he be trusted to I mean he
was terrified when we left him because
we left him with a half-dead giant fire
but I mean like we have more history
with him as a knowledgeable person than
anyone else I can think of and he seemed
to have a great deal of knowledge about
these things there's also an academic so
don't think he's gonna rob us yeah he
seemed a political I think he didn't
have like a stake so the thing is with
Wizards once you get a really powerful
magical item involved they get political
real quick I can and that ones more
terrible in office well what do you
think we should do that how do we
discover how to utilize this item or if
it even is indeed a philosophizing the
very first thing we should do is give me
a week or so to look at it and find
everything I can through my books in the
library here since we're in a massive
City and then we can determine if we
need help okay
ISM is an item of this power going to
emit any kind of magical aura that might
draw somebody to us that we don't want
to know we have it not unless there's a
specific enchantment cast it on that
item which we don't know but I'll find
out very soon if I have time to just
look at it even a night would be
different than what we're doing now even
one night with the wood just focusing on
the item I can learn a lot if I have the
right questions do we head inside okay
yeah if we're good so basically we're
not telling anybody anything about
anything we have unless it's absolutely
necessary and we're all going to decide
on this before we do this yeah and yeah
otherwise yeah we'll head in and then I
guess Gerald you're gonna be studying I
guess what exactly this item does just
give me a private room and I'll do the
rest sure okay
good meeting par Bose excellent all go
up to Bobby really yeah we killed dragon
back there was it the gold one no it was
it was a black one oh I didn't even know
there were any black dragons here
anymore
Desmond killed the last one wow that's
amazing
this mintage oh yes yeah he is oh are
you sure I heard Desmond was a great
warrior maybe even a greater warrior
than you know Desmond is one of the
worst warriors you know I was along all
of his journeys and he took credit for
everything I did you could cheat how old
are you oh my god magician never reveals
his tricks my buddy look you're a
magician
I am I cast like a leaves I casted to
today's presentation like to make some
like cool whites around Barbeau see like
the kid drops his dagger and go slackjaw
staring at you I'm gonna give a the
gnome a wink
I just like to get like a short thumbs
up all right you guys make it to the
gates of Strom hime the castle the walls
of the city stand tall and strong easily
fifty feet high probably like ten or
fifteen feet thick there are flags on
all the turrets everywhere there are
guards standing above the gates with
crossbows and people down below the
portcullis is down so the guards on the
inside are looking out through it and -
as the nine of you approach the lead
guard calls out clearly uh-huh what's
your business here
watching just passing through then yeah
hang out in your city for a while sell
some goods travel - need no rest of
course of course just hand over your
weapons it'll be happy open the gates
and let you in nope looks like we're
heading back to the copper hill back to
copper help wait what they didn't take
our weapons the first time did we come
here before I think we went to limestone
or something didn't we or did we go to
comprehend
you've wavered into strong hind before
we've never been we brought does nobody
have weapons in there can we bribe them
give it a shot well we don't to be the
only people walking or the weapons or
draw so much I'm his attention to us
yeah we don't pose the city guards or
somebody want me to go to this city
can't we just go to copper Hill because
it's a big city and we'll be protected
from the big magical evil man who's
gonna come for us I think first of all
your own well girl it's safe
well yeah we'll be fine a cover huh I
think okay alright twitch and when this
doesn't go well you head back to copper
hill you can settle down in the tavern
there someone pony up like four times
sixteen cops sixteen silver a night
you're gonna be here for a week
so 16 times seven a hundred and twelve
silver eleven gold to silver okay I'll
do it
alright perfect you guys have a week
here in copper hill rest and relax and
do all the things you need to do can we
just all sell our [ __ ] give us a nice
price okay I've got four or net
halbert's wait it was three it was at
three hubs and one silver one
or was it forward I don't know they're
all they're all the same are we all okay
with splitting all of the horde that we
found instead of just whatever we picked
up I think that's the most fair for
everybody amongst yourself can I just go
to a room and rest by myself totally um
before I go for the night I want to just
kind of like hang around the tavern for
about an hour and listen to any rumors
like is there anything kind of like
crazy like people talking about
something that happened or like around
copper Hill or like just like anybody
notice anything that's like anybody
telling stories or anything it's like
they've heard that it'd been crazy or
reports or things like that yeah just
let me take a look at my calendar of
events here see where we are relative to
all these other things how'd you like
strong home Bobby it looked cool from
the outside yeah we made that trip
especially for you just to see it did
that just for me yeah why didn't think
we just win it just want you to see it
when you become a great warrior you'll
be able to go back there so the things
you're hearing are all pretty much
Fortune related news has traveled that
the high cleric and the sheriff of the
town are dead you also here see thorn
hem has been sieged by vicious it is a
dwarven predominantly dwarven town up
here
bucks if he has a sieged meets dead and
Farnam what else is going on around the
area there is some rumor about the
survivors of a crusade arriving back in
Hillsboro you're not sure what this
crusade is about and it's only briefly
touched on apparently a few people
showed up after a long time of being
gone in Hillsboro mm-hmm yep and let's
see what else do we have that you might
hear about anything in heat stroke no
well the rumors of heat stroke are the
same rumors you've been hearing before
that there is some weird-ass [ __ ] going
on there there's strange lights
appearing over the city at night like
blues and purples and reds but sort of
darkish colored the dragon that lives in
this desert near heatstroke is
supposedly dead but that is one of those
things that people go back and forth on
some people say I saw yesterday the
other people saying you know there's no
way that dragon's dead someone must have
just saw him sleeping it's a mess yeah
okay um and so at this point are we
gonna take a really long rest and uh let
you study up cellar sure yeah that's fun
okay um we're sorry what do you want to
do first I mean I'm gonna do a bunch of
stuff so good okay um what are these out
so of the four halberds them are they're
all silver and have gemstones in them
yeah can let you know they're about
20,000 copper each what is that 200 gold
or 20 gold 200 each Chinese for me to
sell it all walk and I'll tell you the
prices no hold on let's just go for a
second um what so four so I have four of
these and all of them at our silver
bladed as well mm-hmm is it generally
worth and I can't carry two hot birds is
it you said it's impossible to oh yeah
it's a pain in the ass if you'd like to
try and strap it on your back it's gonna
be constantly hitting your legs and your
heels and it's really difficult to walk
that way there's a reason people like
spear armies wouldn't carry multiple
spheres on their back and they just have
one and their shields it's it's a pain
in the ass it's bez men dual wield tail
birds uses a long sword
so would it be worth it to sacrifice a
steel halberd for a silver halberd the
silver one gives you bonus damage - what
like vampire like undead creatures or
what werewolves any sort of lycanthropes
some undead have half damage against non
silver weapons generally the silver
weapons are probably going to be more
useful for you when fighting monsters
then steal weapons and steal weapons are
better when you're fighting humanoids
like civilized creatures so what do you
think is going to be the bigger threat
to you well right now it's monsters but
it might be people in the future I guess
it depends what we're doing so can I so
if I sell three of these Hal Birds and I
hold on to one of the silver ones that's
six hundred gold that would they would
they have an intrinsic value of six
hundred in a town like copper hill you
probably can't sell them all right now
for that price what would what kind of
town would we need to be in your city a
place that is in the middle of a bigger
war or a place that's better off
economically not be like devastated
countryside that is a place like
Clydesdale for sure right
a rides Dale would probably be a great
spot to sell that [ __ ] okay where's
quite still that's part of the East so
it's my hometown that's where your
parents are yeah look we're not doing
that again
you're from rock wave but yeah are you
Robin it's all in the same area okay we
travel back and forth 20 cities a lot
okay my family has country houses and
both totally
oh you snotty bastard also on we need to
go back to Hillsboro to talk to that
wizard okay we were supposed to talk to
me too but well he go to pernicious and
get my sneaking boots they should be
there by now okay yeah we can let's do
the week I'm gonna let the Gerald I
guess figure stuff out and then yeah
we'll head east we'll go back to
Parnassus we'll do all that stuff yeah
do your [ __ ] gerald all right Gerald
what are you doing man okay um so the
first thing I want to do is I just want
to like set the case down do a ritual
detect magic on it try to learn what
school the it is detect magic on the
case itself and the stone inside
okay the case well when you cast a text
magic you get no magical aura from the
stone or the case or anything in that
area but at the same time you can see
that the stone is very clearly
levitating so there's certainly a
magical effect happening do you have any
ideas of what this might mean yeah it
means that the case is blocking the
magic from resonating outside of the the
stone itself is highly magical and it's
resonating something right but the case
is designed to block keep the magic
within spot-on ya know tell me what you
before we do too much of it I guess
stage investigation here tell me what
you know or what you think you know
about this this thing so what do I know
as Gerald or I know is deaf Gerald
gerald knows that there's an old that's
yeah keep going
sorry there's like okay Gerald knows
that there is a link well Gerald knows
that the Philosopher's Stone is an old
item broken off the staff that holds the
world together is that right like
supposedly as the legend goes and this
and the stone is supposed to amplify
magic to an incredible degree basically
you can the story that he heard was in
character was there was a fireball that
was utilized once with a philosopher's
stone an army of kobolds and the and
instead of the fireball just doing its
normal radius and killed the entire army
that was a story he was told by someone
I remember who but it's in my notes and
so the Philosopher's Stone amplifies
that the crowd of domination you can put
on someone's head and you can control
them you can control them whoever puts
the crown on someone said you can
control them and that's and there may be
some correlation between using the stone
to amplify that power and the crown
itself that's pretty much all he knows
yeah okay
it's safe to say that this is a pretty
powerful object right very powerful for
you the stone right the stone yeah no me
do you feel comfortable trying to take
it out of its case is there any way to
open the case and put it back in or is
it completely sealed and that if I open
it it's gonna be open yeah you get the
impression the case is sealed and if you
there's no like hinges or anything
you're not even sure how it's being held
together it's like a wood frame on the
corners and the edges that hold it
together but like it's very well made
let's call it okay I want to go to I
want to get the mercenaries like Satan's
mercenaries and all them and go to storm
Heim there's a library there right there
is and I want to I want to read the up
on this in the week that we have okay so
you can go with Captain Satan and his
mercs and had two strong Heim you'll
have to give up all of your weapons when
you arrive you wouldn't take off you
would have taken old dumb stuff would
you no no of course not you can keep
your walking stick mr. gnome oh thank
you you're so kind
wait in this world wouldn't they know
that stabs are used for magical
abilities really magics like a like a
rare thing because they wouldn't just
like you suspect them a wizard okay
where do we go
where is he yet no well no he went just
strom home I don't think we all went
alone
yeah well hit he and uh the mercenaries
ballsiest places ever done so I'm at the
library now right yeah you can make your
way to the Great Library in strong I'm
so I would like to look up everything I
can around this case the Philosopher's
Stone everything anything I can find out
give me an investigation check for how
good you can library do you know your
Dewey Decimal System let's find out
not bad make him explain it what are the
400s again okay you will indeed find a
little bit of information about
philosophers downes plural because there
are more than one right it's a chip off
of the staff that holds the world and
there have been multiple chips over time
there are some anecdotal stories about
people touching them and bursting into
flame and dying and then other people
who can hold them then it's not a
problem there are anecdotal stories
about them being absorbed into things
and like disappearing but then
enchanting something heavily and then
there are stories about people like
transfer fixing them directly into
things so there seems to be a lot of
conflicting information but there are
definitely tales of certain death with
with interaction can you get me a second
investigation check yes
come on a one I want to stay a little
bit longer and keep investigating yes
sir
yeah can I give you another one since we
have a whole week right I mean tens
gonna give me like false information
you've got a lot of time yeah
all of the bits that might have liked
them interesting details are sort of
missing like you've come across there's
one book that you're reading and it's
talking about this time that this this
kid picked up the philosopher's stone
and he touched it and it's hand
dissolved and his whole arm started to
dissolve and it fell to the ground and
the earth began to shake and then like
the next four pages are ripped out in
the middle of it as if someone came and
read something and just like phone
booked it and took off and that's a
problem like not exactly people tearing
pages but specific information or like
bits of key information seemed to have
been like manually redacted or just
missing entirely from here I want to I
think this is really important and I've
never done this in the campaign I want
to use inspiration which I still have
and search the entire library for like
any bit of information or like extra
books I may have missed or anything sure
but like let's be realistic here
searching an entire library is a many
months if not years long task right like
imagine going to your local public
library now imagine library like five
times the size and looks through
everything there's a digital system yes
I'm looking for things that are missing
like maybe the book is Michelle so do we
decimal systems not gonna help you there
if you want to pour through everything
that is a very time-consuming task so
let's try it a different way let's let's
ask a librarian which is what I would do
if I went to a public library sure I've
already assumed that you you asked for
help initially this information is what
you found with the assistance of
librarians okay so I just don't use an
inspiration I've kind of got the
information that I need I'm gonna get
do you have any other prompts any other
specific things you're looking for
that's kind of like the ballpark I can
give you yeah sorry the one thing I just
died um the one thing that I would be
looking for is attached to the stories
of people losing their hands and
exploding stuff like what sort of people
were trying to handle these and and
particularly what people if any were
mentioned that handled it and did it
well that's what I was having you roll
for to see if you pick that up without
having to ask for it but now that you're
asking for I'll give you the answers
yeah it seems that the people who are
suffering and dying tend to be like
regular normal people like the kid picks
up the rock and he dies when the wizard
picks up the rock and he's fine but the
Wizards apprentice picks up the rock and
he's like permanently blinded now what
if somebody picked up the rosin like
multiple people like hold hands with
that person you say that we haven't
rolled it yet so just hold those words
quite though okay that is true so what
I'm reading is that Wizards that touch
the stone are okay the wizard apprentice
was blinded so it wasn't a certain power
okay there seems to be some sort of
ritual or something they do first there
seems to be some sort of correlation
with they like this weird notion of
power and strength with the with the
stone and the weaker things are the more
terribly they fare do I have any idea of
like if there's some kind of ritual that
was that they do to prepare themselves
before like these wizards might be able
to cast a spell of a certain ability so
that they can handle it or it's it or is
it just like this is just like judge you
there's no talk of how it's done
okay um okay that that's really that's
good
how big is the stone just a salt shaker
put that in my eye
okay and lastly is there any information
about the crown that I would have found
in correlation with the stone in these
books good question there is a single
reference to the crown of domination
it's sort of like a side note when
you're reading through a book that talks
about ancient magical items that have
existed for a long time
you get the this name that the crown of
domination was created by a lady named
Apple ah okay that's it mm mm it's like
a you're reading about magical items and
it's talking appala is known to have
created and there's like a list and
crown of domination is inserted in here
that's one of these things it's not even
like a major point okay and that would
be all the information I'd find on cons
of domination in this library mm-hmm
yeah you get the impression that the
crown of domination is a fairly unique
item it's not like there's multiple
lying about this is it's probably a
one-of-a-kind item okay um got it I
think I know what to do so during this
period of time I'd like to send the I
like to do some wizard tweeting Thanks
I want to tweet the wizard with the the
giant that we have that we talked to hi
it's the
group that brought you the giant how's
it going
have you heard anything about fortune I
might send another one
okay and that's the sending spill yeah
you just take it
range is unlimited lovely okay and they
can reply right yes let's do this I'm
well fortune is blocked from scrying I
can't see in this is most unusual okay I
will send another one I'm gonna say
before we get there where are you when
you're doing this because if this is
like your last day spell slots might
become important because this is a third
level spell right it is but we're on day
two of the rest like you guys went to
strong hime spent there reading and this
is yeah spell thoughts will be fine on a
long rest here but I can I can only do
this send three times basically before
we run into problems yeah so I think at
this point I'm actually before I send
him anything else I'm gonna go back to
the party cuz I want to talk to them
about what we should tell him so I'm
gonna I'm gonna take theta and all the
mercenaries and go back and I want to
call meeting with the party I had this
stone right it was in my backpack
it was when you left she was with child
I thought yeah did to him we did yeah
that's how I examined it
I don't think Gerald took it with him to
Strom hein
right I did not okay so it's with Midori
right now while Gerald's in Strom hime
okay okay go for it can I um I want to
lock myself in my room
placements tone across me tonight I want
to hit it with my tiger it's in a glass
case this is when he comes back with it
yeah Nate my party should have no idea
and my room by myself any idea all right
right okay so you're sitting with the
glass case over your lap yeah no no no
it's let's see if I'm in my own room
there's like a bed and like the bed
stand by the cost me like a little table
or something like a costume room I'm
putting the stone the glass case on top
of the stand and I'm sitting on the bed
looking at it intently and then I want
to take out my tiger and I want to throw
it at the class kiss
give him a ride Midori Barbeau give me a
roll to hit she's not a barbell she's
making decisions like a bar bow I
wouldn't do this you know of all the
things that I prepared the pages of
notes of various possible outcomes this
is one I have not considered you throw
the dagger at the glass case shattering
the case and striking the stone can we
go to a break I need to sort this out
appropriately oh sure just [ __ ] new
cascoon okay we'll be back give us five
minutes the same way my last party boy
you
hello everybody welcome back to gnomes
tomes and catacombs Lilly I need you to
roll me a one d20 and this is an
important role she did she want to roll
hi for the party Arlo you want to roll
we're rolling blast radius in miles now
lower is less favorable can you roll me
a 1d 100 totally higher is favorable yes
no she's rolling damage on herself right
now
whoa weave it alrighty Lilly there's a
giant explosion
first off let's see if you survived the
last you can give me a saving deck saved
for half damage which you fail lovely so
you're gonna take this amount of damage
right off the bat yeah you're also
destroying the room that you're in and
all nearby adjoining rooms probably
killing some nearby innocent civilians
when you have this very large concussive
force that bursts out of here with I
guess 30 or 40 foot radius I think you
fall unconscious at this point I'm
anxious okay call me and I weren't there
no Medora was alone by herself so
immediately everyone in town hears this
like the ground shakes everything rocks
and rolls Gerald's not around to fix
anything
what are they the two other party
members do yeah I mean we're I would run
to the source of the explosion of course
I am just gonna chose Bobby because I
don't think it'd run towards the okay Oh
what were you doing at this point Bobby
no not you Steven uh I mean I don't know
what do warriors do in animes are they
like training in the forest or out like
enjoying nature or something in between
fights and I'm sure sitting and
meditating next to some River gathering
my thoughts to be ready for the upcoming
adventures reflection Lily I'm just
gonna need you to give me a bunch of
death
throws then and coz 1 2 1 oh [ __ ] keep
going and you're dead
no the door is dead so Stephen Locke you
come back to find the in completely
destroyed charred bodies all over the
place
and I guess the town's in a full-fledged
panic it yet nuked uh yeah how [ __ ] up
was it's like forty foot radius oh yeah
so I mean I would be looking for the
room to see where Midori is cuz that
would be my first concern I think you
find her body in a few and in one piece
badly charred her blue ribbon like half
under the bed part of it still blue most
of it blackened and ruined what is the
what is the stone look like is it
floating somewhere is it sitting is it
even here what would this is just a
giant pile of rubble everywhere right so
you you have to like pull stuff aside to
find Midori give me a perception check
to see if you can spot the stone before
anyone else or at some point I'll come
up to see what the [ __ ] happened with
them if that's all right um so you're
not the first one to find it the first
one to find out we need some darker
music for this [ __ ] guys hold on it's
his hand got like him plug well he's
probably gonna [ __ ] disintegrate
another new I'll make Bobby gravity's a
wizard it's on the game of thrones music
with like the septum do you know I'm
talking about quite a bit
we're like deceptive it would be muted
in twitch vods and YouTube everything
it's not worth way to go mr. music but
it's a good idea just have it in the
back I'm gonna turn it up myself okay
okay here's our dark edgy music kick
anybody take it
there it is
alright so the first you're looking
through the pile of rubble you find
Midori you find your blue head oh and as
your maybe like trying to lift a piece
of rubble off of her there's a scream
and a shout and to your left you see a
person an innkeeper or the innkeeper's
wife perhaps
can you roll me a 1 2 3 4 5 D 6 Stephen
you want me to roll a 1 d6 yes okay you
see the innkeeper reach down actually
don't see him do anything you hear him
scream and as you look over he is on
fire like 100% like human torch level
flame and then he just crumbles and
collapses III stand up I guess still
like a little bit a little about how far
am i from town I just out of this like
you're in the library right now being
like this stone I could do all these
things 26 miles is it reasonable that
people send Ravens like like to
communicate between cities or that that
can be done at this distance you'd
probably just send a writer or writer
okay okay yeah yeah so I mean I would
stand up everybody needs to back off
from this area immediately there is a
magical spell that is destroying parts
of this town we need to figure out who
can send a rider to Strom Hine and we
need to call for the great wizard Gerald
to come here immediately otherwise I
hear this town might be completely
destroyed says fear not good people
my father is the mayor of this town and
a great wizard in his own right I shall
summon him and he shall deal with this
issue I really think that we should send
a rider first Strom hime there okay yeah
go get him yeah jump is more in size
steel
I ain't [ __ ] all right take my donkey
in it right all right
you head off on donkey back the sheriff
heads off to go get the mayor the rest
of the people are standing back
perplexed I guess I'll be hiccup like
Midori's body and like prop it up
against like a wall like she's kind of
like laying with her head against it I
guess is she like pretty clearly dead or
does it look like there could because
she's so dead Vittori why is there river
fat is a Revilla fine your world quit
Moo no okay once you're dead you're
[ __ ] dead mm-hmm people stand back
they look to you as a implicit authority
figure who's giving orders they're
[ __ ] off yeah how long would it take
me to get to full as hard as you can you
could probably get there a little less
than half a day okay as soon as I get
there I'm grabbing him did the sheriff
like [ __ ] off completely is he gone oh
yeah he took off he's gonna go get me
tick off okay so then for the people
standing around instead of standing
around you guys should help the wounded
you should get food to them take them to
the nearest medical areas call for
medicine if you need a safe whereas
eight we're safe now just don't go
digging through the rubble there is
nothing here that any of you should be
touching if you do then that we're gonna
end up with more dead people they do the
best to care for the injured the wounded
put out any other fires that are nearby
some priests come over and priestesses
come over to visit but they keep back
okay what are you doing look I mean I'm
just gonna be I guess down kneeling near
Midori's body I guess making sure people
are digging through the rubble for now
then maybe I'll kind of like gather her
possessions and just make sure that
they're kind of like is neatly around us
as possible
can I do that mm-hmm yeah okay yeah yeah
and then I'm just waiting sure yeah
waiting here for barb Oh to return
I know approximately the location of the
stone right now correct Oh were the guys
set up okay yeah I saw the guy got
something far so yeah okay yeah before
barb Oh returns the sheriff returns with
the mayor the mayor is Joris you've met
with him earlier he's a powerful wizard
in zone right and the two of them
approached the pile and scan it and then
Joris begins to cast a spell I run up to
Jorah son and I put my hand on his
shoulder is this the guy that we spoke
with earlier the wizard the wizard that
we spoke with earlier correct yep okay
okay do I have his attention is he
looking at me or he is casting a spell
can I like shake him out of it
you can't it's rude to shake someone out
of a spell they're casting but you can't
do it yeah I definitely do that yeah
what's what is it Joris listen to me me
and a smaller fellow a while ago came up
to you and do you remember the
conversation that we had with you do you
were looking for something right we were
looking for something we think we have
found an object that is cursed an object
that possesses a great untold evil that
could impact every single person in this
town if you mess with it I have sent it
we're on it here well it yeah it wasn't
supposed to come here we made a huge
mistake we'll pay for whatever part of
the city we need to fix
I've sent a rider for our wizard friend
who knows exactly how to deal with this
particular object I don't want to see
anybody else in the city get killed
because of our recklessness though can
you please give us like 12 hours if that
to bring him back to the city so that we
can ya figure out what's going on
gives you some nods it's like okay
okay clears the room Thursday area gets
everyone to back off and then comes back
to you while the sheriff is taking care
of things just the two of you together
leans in says what did you find
we're not entirely sure we thought that
we had a a safe object that we brought
from another city but now we think that
there was a think it was specifically I
I don't know anything about magics or
Arcana or wizardry Gerald will know
everything about it like know what you
were looking for don't give me this come
on I wish I could tell you but I'm a
warrior I fight I protect people and I
stab people with my halberd I don't know
anything about magical objects or any
sort of stuff like that if I knew any
more about this I would tell you if for
no other reason than give me a deception
check that was so good that's a good
sign
sure give me a deception check an
advantage roll it in world and roll in
and argue world funny I just wanna I'm
just looking up his passive insight
where I don't think I have a staff block
anywhere
hide zero then I'll just roll yes no I
think it's here Shadia info it's time to
get the helmet out boy I wouldn't even
know how to begin to use something like
that I do not have a step walk forehead
so we're gonna roll his wisdom which is
12 which gives him a passive insight of
11 if it's untrained what are the skills
that he could have trained actually why
don't we just use Gerald's skills to see
what he would use Gerald are you trained
in insight yeah of course I'm a wizard
all right so he is treated inside so he
will have a higher than he'll have at
least a 13 yeah so he's basically got
Gerald step blocks except he's a higher
level okay so he looks at you and goes
what come on what did you find this
isn't time to be fooling around people
are dead here you don't have to tell me
that people are dead I just lost a
member of my party
I understand listen when Gerald comes or
he can fill you in on more of it I have
an inkling of what this is but I'm not
entirely sure and I don't want to tell
you the wrong thing to set everybody off
into a panic if I don't need to ice what
you have my word that when Gerald gets
here it means nothing to me right now I
know you're responsible for this mess
and as far as I know you'll take this
object and you'll do great evil with it
I can't risk anything right now I think
we should just wait for Gerald to return
to us and then we can have a
conversation with all of us at that
point in time
[Music]
he takes a few steps back and doesn't do
anything it's a patient man good about
six hours of patience my dog
slapping it we're [ __ ] full ass right
gerald
okay mr. moon you'll arrive at the gates
of Strom Heim
and the guards will casually be like hey
there traveller what brings you to our
city I need to come grab my wizard
excellent hand over your weapons and
we'll let you through and where do I
pick them up right back here okay fine
we'll hand yeah you hand over all your
weapons I'll Pat you down they'll give
you a patent frisk I'll hand them all
over in my bag keep it in this bag and
I'll put my name on it and I'll say all
right here's 50 go for 50 silver to make
sure you keep it correct and sort it out
perfect all right they return it all to
peacefully thanks no problem all right
let's go jail we got [ __ ] went down wait
what happened on the way I'll fill in
but the door was dead what what do you
want your stone or whatever we had out
whispers what do you mean she's dead how
is she dead I need to concentrate on
writing and I'll tell about the foster
stunt blowing up and like how the whole
towns [ __ ] and Locke is back there
handling it and we need to go let's go
this is insane you guys hurry back to
copper hill as quickly as you can in the
meantime look as you're piling together
Midori's possessions you come across a
letter that is addressed that just says
to my party on the outside of it
a sealed letter okay I'll just tuck it
in a pocket for now okay cool I guess
that evening Gerald and I was just
delete this Gerald and Barbeau return on
an exhausted donkey
you did good I mean yeah there's no take
him right too long Yeah right to the
yeah as Jarvis still here with us Joris
is still there the sheriff is still
there they quarantined the area set up
some blocking it's keeping everyone out
Joris is angrily pacing back and forth
but patiently I mean what is this what
happened Locke what's going on
I have no idea what's going on right now
but I think the Philosopher's Stone is
somehow been broken free from the phone
wait I thought he was like right in
front I'm not like screaming this across
do I need to roll a check for literal
mental retardation on my no you do not
need to he has plenty of spells of his'n
on at his disposal he was listening in
to your conversation and so when you say
philosopher's stone he erupts loudly
okay I need you to draw me exactly what
the [ __ ] I need to know who is around us
and what this looks like now now I need
this to be very particular I need to
know if I kill this [ __ ] if
other people are gonna see okay so get
some drawings up yeah draw me some [ __ ]
okay okay
[Music]
[Music]
lock your parents can pay for this in
right you got it covered
all right why I think this is correct
relative to itself but the the distances
aren't gonna be correct if you use the
measuring tool we're looking in the
lower right corner of the map okay
this that I will color with an orange on
the inside is the ruined building the
other two things nearby are nearby
buildings that are damaged but still
intact this is of course the road right
the road that makes this access the
party it's gonna be over here somewhere
you guys are near let's bring you into
the top layer
you guys are near the rubble but not in
the rubble probably the people have been
kept back at a distance of maybe you
know 40 or 50 feet actually that's
probably more like 100 feet so these
purple lines are the distance fact that
people are kept although there are some
folks in the buildings on these corners
as well and our friendly wizard where is
he hiding
he's not that big he's twice he's
regular-sized it looks very intimidating
he was standing near the sheriff who
does not wield a great sword like that
but this will just be his token the two
of them were standing over here you guys
were probably more like this so I think
you're maybe 30 feet 40 feet apart and
then the remaining citizens are another
10 15 feet this way 20 30 feet that way
go ahead lock what do you do um I need
so what it so he just what like shouted
philosophers don't at me or what yeah he
shoves Philosopher's Stone there's only
a certain people or cheer him and then
his assistant or whatever right then
these people lines dictate where the
crowd is back because they're still on
looking group of people ok so there's
like guards here too like holding up
well there's it's a small city right so
that's a small town there's like maybe
one guard at each area you've dealt with
town guards before they're pretty chump
change okay yeah I gotcha um okay I
ignore him
Gerald do you think you have a way to
hold on to this stone without it
destroying your body no I've done lots
of research it's incredibly powerful
what happened there have no idea what
happened I just came here there was an
explosion
imadori is doesn't accessed it somehow
she accessed it I'd like if she if
anybody touches this done but this
happens Joris comes over saying what the
hell did you get yourselves into
Joris one here do you think that you can
pick up with stone like this maybe
George walks and only I will I follow
him okay Joris only someone hold on I
put a hand on Gerald's shoulder I put a
hand on Gerald solders and like let's
see what he does okay he looks in the
direction of the charred body whispers
the word to a spell and up levitates the
stone out of the rubble thank you for
getting our stone for us can we
reasonably assume that everyone in the
city is like watching this right now or
a large okay
Jarvis do you think there's some way
that you can contain this and some sort
of hitting encasement or something or
some sort of container magical I don't
know I'm worried about touching it with
anything as far as I've read we can't if
anybody should have reality itself yes
if anyone touches it without enough
power they die
do you think I'm gonna give you the
phase dagger or the like ethereal plane
dagger that would help I don't they feel
plain technically not reality maybe you
know definitely a part of reality God we
need some sort of like container that it
won't touch what happened to the
container that it was in what sort of
container wasn't in it was in a
perfectly glass sealed case that I might
still be around
if the glass was no more power Ashley
looks around yeah I don't think any case
you're still here
well no the glass was highly magical it
could still be intact he kind of sort of
sifts around with his foot and then
pokes around with the staff a little bit
and gives her stroke I don't I didn't
detect any magic other than it doesn't
have any it doesn't have any the case
blocked magic Jarrell do you see a glass
container here look for it I'll look
around really hard yeah yeah you don't
spot anything got 18 actually have 18
yeah you find broken glass in the
vicinity I'll point to it yeah do
anything with this turn back time on it
oh yeah dr. strange we needed time stuff
her mom who have come to Bergen
I hope maybe I can he gets kind of near
it blows on the stone to try to might
get it to move horizontally but it
doesn't work um I you know what I was
just away researching the stone we don't
know how to contain it do you think you
can put it in tiny Hut and maybe that
would contain just said I know it I
wouldn't have to use it might make the
tiny Hut ginormous that'd be sick a
permanent ginormous tiny Hut it could
cause all sorts of havoc in the world I
imagine if it keeps rain out it could
destroy the entire countryside side if
there's never any rain here again you'd
have a new in yeah I mean you're a
powerful well you must like we're two
powerful wizards we must be able to
think through this like there must be
something we could do
oh do you know any other powerful which
is more powerful than us can we send
them the message no one with them I know
one actually hold on I'm sorry we're
like we're near like a tavern or
something right yeah it's destroyed is
there like a place where I can run and
grab like a glass of water and see if
the stone can float in water without
destroying everything you could grab a
bucket from a nearby well okay yeah I
want to grab a bucket from a well and
see if we can place a stone inside like
the bucket of water she holds up a hand
and hesitates and looks at you guys and
goes hold on before we do this think if
you could amplify water significantly by
touching it what would that do we need
to talk to the malachite guy we need to
tweet the wizard okay then then send to
the other then communicate with the
wizard wizard
Joris Joris you I don't know him I can
only do for people with no edge or
assess the tweeted wait okay hey I have
a wet method of contact and hold on he
looks around uncomfortably at everything
for this be intelligent maybe it
wouldn't be wise to tell him what
exactly it is we have here oh [ __ ] I'm
just concerned about leaving this spot
to do my magic it's fine I've got it
clearly
yeah let me take a look through the
reticle spell list here let him teleport
on we need help we need are you
assistance tin can I guess SETI to
contact the God the God of magic there
is no God of magic if you're trying to
contact a God you just get to me where's
the sending spell in second edition here
we go
unlimited range familiar appearance
Namor gnomes do okay can I go to lock
also and whisper something yeah what's
up we still have the crown we could put
the crown in the stone like it was
intended I don't even know if that's how
these two objects go together what if we
just make a giant crown that crushes a
it's better than telling what the legend
says like if we're gonna if we're gonna
control like we could this is what the
legend says we don't no idea what it's
going to do you might link our crown in
ered stone we like I think what happens
is we control everyone we just become
gods throw it in no let's wait for him
to communicate with the other guy and
see what he says
well wait we can still we could do the
crown later I'm just saying yeah we can
Blair will mess your that later yeah
okay it looks back to you guys and says
he'll be here in a day or so what do we
do with the stone of the meantime his
maokai actually gonna come on the show I
don't know he lives in a bad time zone
for this he's in the UK so I don't know
if we can get him to make an appearance
okay
[Music]
I mean what if we do in the meantime
yeah I guess we have an hour to do about
this okay Jarvis Jarvis Jarvis Jarvis
Joris must have some place it so if we
set the stone on the ground is gonna
explode all the dirt or what would
happen it could it could create an
earthquake I mean we have its it was
sitting in the rubble right now without
anything bad happening to it no that's
true that's true but we moved it look
look we're talking about untold magics
here I've never laid my hands on this
this is big well beyond my capacity it's
well beyond your capacity
it's beyond everyone's capacity right so
we're in a pickle we can either leave it
suspend actually my my spell will wear
off eventually he looks to the gnome can
you levitate Bobby I can yes I mean for
as long as you can
this ice assumed we worked the same way
the nose
let's sit him for honesty here why were
you searching for a philosopher's stone
block just tell him oh yeah at this
point we're [ __ ]
it's like honesty time yeah honestly yes
the king sent us which King king of air
doin okay I thought we talked about
honesty here we have a helmet on and she
do not send you okay I will tell you
next why I'm going to banish you from
this town and I need banish as per the
wizard spell we have George can we move
to a quieter can we move to a quieter
area and secure the stone and then we
can have a conversation about this then
you need to figure that out before we
have any extent yeah we need to play
Queen listen George we don't need a
conversation here nothing we're going to
tell you is how much you care this time
the Philosopher's Stone you think your
helm of domination can hold the
philosopher's stone that's the only
that's that's the full truth oh [ __ ]
[ __ ] if we got I tried to be mayor of
this town to protect it from people like
you and Joyce we're trying to we're
trying to stop this from falling into
the hands of someone much more evil I
know it doesn't seem like that cuz we
just blew up a [ __ ] tavern but like
there's a guy that's way worse than this
that we're trying to stop it from you I
don't disbelieve you I've been in the
same position myself alright okay yeah
we're trying to do the best good we can
with what we have
I take out the crown from my backpack
and I throw it at the stone
Jimmy roll the head you don't you just
throw it
give me a roll the head Oh eleven nine
is a Miss it swirls just over the no way
I want to roll a one two hate it I want
to use a battle die
one of my heritage guys for precision
it's an 11 is that enough to hit yes you
hit the stone with the crown we'll see
you guys all next week for some gnomes
Thomas and Kate no way we can't even
read Midori's letter to us we need to
know what the letter says if we don't
know what happened with Lily the
community's gonna go nuts like I don't
want to deal with this beds good let her
deal with it I'm happy
let everyone suffer well no I should be
absolutely absolutely
cuz it's her letter it should be up to
her yeah where the night we read it now
if you want a way to wait to do it sure
strain Steven I'd like to read it I like
the idea of a week-long cliffhanger that
sounds like some good means ivote we
read it right now I know I have to I've
gotta get something I got to know
something
read it like whoa I think there needs to
be the thing is is that I don't think
the moment is right now to read it we
haven't gotten to mourn Midori's baby I
haven't gotten to tell the parties that
midori left a note I'm still holding on
to it I don't know if I want to read it
on my own first or if I want to open it
and have all of us read it together
like we get to read this note a prologue
or the epilogue there's already a
massive like cliffhanger with this crown
domination shed yeah we have the dual
cliffhanger I'm just gonna read the
letter because the conversation about
the letters really like ruining the
cliffhanger okay so we're just gonna
read the [ __ ] letter okay Midori
please read it to us in your farewell
voice um to my party I don't know what
I'm expecting by writing this letter
these past few months have been one of
the more enjoyable periods in my life
however I can't do this I give up I
can't sacrifice any of you I tried and
tried and failed again and this is
probably what I deserve I'd rather be
the one to die than give up any of your
lives
what does it say about me that I would
have willingly ended your lives for the
sake of my own selfish goals I hope your
journey takes you somewhere you want
because mine ends here thank you for
everything
hey Dori Wow
see you guys next week for some gnomes
tomes and catacombs yoona Magus wait a
week to die
