hey what's up hey how's it going is this
the destiny socialism power our know-how
please God now I mean I'm kind of in the
segue into socialism but I wanted to
start with talking about utilitarian is
a little bit because you're looking at
things to a consequentialist framework
right yeah okay cool what kind of so so
imagine that we're measuring happiness
right what kind of output I have no idea
that's an insanely complicated question
I am median mode what are you looking at
well it's not so much it's not the way
that we measure it it's what the
variable we measure like to measure at a
mental illness do we do self-report a
job satisfaction do we do educational
attainment do we do people's happiness
with their families like I don't know
how you would engage with hobby it's
like okay so for example something a way
that's people sometimes when they do
studies like this to measure happiness
uh-huh they stop income they do
self-reported satisfaction and that's
like just with their lives in general
has it pertains to their income right so
for a number like this are you trying to
get net happiness so if you have a
billionaire who is very very happy with
themselves is that worth like ten for
people who are not so happy or would you
try to even this out a bit no it would
be like a veil of ignorance thing right
you try to probably even it out
throughout society like I would rather
have like ten people of like if I could
rate happiness on a scale from one to
ten I'd rather have ten people at a
seven then like one person at like a 15
and then like the other nine people that
like a three or something right yeah
excellent
are you aware of the research that
basically posited always on the you know
basically the idea is that after about
seven DK people tend to peak out on
happiness per like income increases
really I've heard this yeah yeah cuz
generally you fulfill your basic needs
and [ __ ] so by that logic right the idea
that generally after a certain amount of
money if you have more the happiness you
get from more money doesn't really yeah
as a diminishing returns or marginal
utility right shouldn't shouldn't you be
supportive generally of redistributed of
policy and various about every
distributive policy yeah cool
in terms of because often times you talk
about efficiency right in these kinds of
policy
especially even talk about things like
socialism you cite that well a capital
solution might be more efficient right
even if these things might be I don't
know if I would say like efficient or
effective but but sure that might be
kind of the same thing but yeah would
you would you allow for like say a GDP
decrease for a happiness like
satisfaction increase in the lives of
American citizens or whoever I don't
know if those things would go
hand-in-hand but but probably yeah okay
like if there was a way for instance to
provide like social health care to
everybody and like you're not like
[ __ ] over like parts of the country
but like led to a small decrease in GDP
or something or a decrease yeah I'd
probably be okay with that
okay cuz I'm see cuz I'm not suggesting
like destroy the economy or something
what I hear a lot from liberal types
like Dan is typically like oh well you
know GDP is like really important you
know etc etc like we really don't want
to like why would we do these things
that are beneficial if we're gonna
decrease GDP yeah I guess I guess it
would just depend on how much damage
you're doing to the economy absolutely I
would never you know probably be a bad
idea to [ __ ] absolutely destroy the
economy right cuz it does really matter
how much money you'd make that for sure
like a white nationalist well like
somebody that supports an ethnos state
would be okay taking severe hits to the
economy to support their ideology for a
creep like Manson and I'm not comparing
it to that but like some people well a
lot of people today especially I guess
like populist would say like well the
overall health of like the economy is
you know largely predicated on the
success of biga multinational
conglomerates and that doesn't represent
like the average person's happiness
anyway so [ __ ] that [ __ ] earlier you
said worker cooperatives wouldn't have
investors though that's like kind of
incorrect how are they sure so let's say
a worker cooperative like you have five
boys together like we're gonna start our
cooperative we need capital they could
go to a publicly owned bank get a loan
now what they wouldn't do is like a
shark tank situation where they offer up
ownership of their company in exchange
for a loan because that would require a
non worker owning part of their company
right what they could do is just take a
loan out at a certain interest rate and
then pay back the loan I don't disagree
that that could happen
I think I would take issue your
terminology but that just might be my
own ignorant like for it like if I were
to start a small business and someone is
like you have any investors I don't
think I owe ya Wells Fargo is an
investor and they go oh really yeah I
got an SBA loan like just seems kind of
like semantically incorrect I could be
wrong though that just does that really
count if you take a loan out is that the
person you get a loan from does that
count as an investment yes oh okay I
didn't know I guess usually what I think
of when I think of an investment from
somebody an investment seems to be an
exchange of money for either a
percentage share of ownership in your
business or like a promise of future
royalties or something well that's like
generally the case but that's just our
structure of investment right
okay investments are no because the
reason why people offer up shares is
because that's generally all you have to
offer in exchange right one piant way
say that last thing in you offer up a
share of your company because that's
generally all you have to offer in
exchange people are looking for not only
just a return on loan they're looking
for future gains and additionally they
want a large enough game to balance out
losses from other loans maybe certain
ones of course over time you're going to
have losses yeah sure today people do
procure loans okay sure yeah I mean I
mean I don't disagree that you could
take out a loan then of question okay
awesome
um you talked to that last guy about
foreign intervention any I think he came
up a little short on how does have my
social Society would discourage foreign
intervention and I think a pretty good
example is basically how the for-profit
media drives America towards war
absolutely and the reason why I think a
lot of Americans support a real quick
real quick real quick hold on so I under
your form because everybody has like a
different form of social so in your form
of socialism businesses don't make
profit well not necessarily I think
there are some industries that should be
socialized right okay well wait so this
whole argument you're about to make has
nothing to do with socialism then right
because I can sit here and agree there
and say I don't think media should be
for profit but that doesn't mean I have
to move away from capitalism this would
just be an industry well I mean if you
just want to toss another coin and like
the sliding towards socialism bucket and
just like bite the bullet and say well
media shouldn't be for profit in the
first place be that's fine okay yeah
another another topic or about
intervention is probably that like
socialist generally are very very
forgiving on immigration right even
towards the extent of not having borders
at all I don't think that's true at all
I think that right now progressives are
the ones that tend to be socialists but
um if you watch that like steven crowder
debate with um [ __ ] what was the name
that youssef kid or whatever like that's
an example of like you can have people
that are socialists but are still like
nationalistic and still anti-immigration
why not like those two ideologies have
nothing to do with one another i think i
but i don't i wouldn't say that that's
mainstream i would argue that most
socialist movements are international
and the idea of a socialist america that
relies off of like the exploitation of
other countries is probably
self-defeating frank to entire knowledge
ideology be about say exploitation of
the workers bad as long as it's unless
it's somebody else's worker right i mean
well so like let's say that you had us
let's say that you had a democracy
democratized workplace and you guys
manufactured shoes and you had the
ability to import leather from another
country that was far cheaper than what
you could get it in america wouldn't why
wouldn't the workers all vote themselves
to do that oh well there wouldn't be a
reason right so the idea is that
socialist ideology not necessarily the
practical implication of socialism on a
worker level right though assuming you
had socialists in office they would put
in place policies that encourage for
example the sourcing of materials from
america if you're gonna do that or you
encourage trade deals that would say
well if you are going to sell you if you
want to sell your goods to america you
have to pay your workers like either a
fair rate or the businesses or whatever
that are importing these goods have to
be owned by the work okay i understand
that point that has nothing to do with
socialism though right this is just kind
of like protectionism like you could do
this in our capitalist economy as well
is to enforce well sure under a
capitalist economy you could absolutely
institute a trade deal saying anything
we import from your country has to be
from a worker owned like mina production
or at leo are the people at least have
to be getting paid some wage or
something sure well yeah that would be
the difference between a suck dem
society versus a socialist one right is
the with the trade deal say well paid
workers with trade deal say worker owned
into production okay Sharon is the
difference okay
so I think socialist movements are
generally more international they
encourage you know like literally they
do encourage like immigration and like
like being around people different than
yourself right they aren't necessary
aren't very like isolationist movements
especially as it pertains to Latin
America for intervention down there okay
I don't really see why I don't I don't
really see why socialism has to go
hand-in-hand with bike being inclusive
or diverse I feel like you can still
have a bunch of like if I were to create
worker coops in like Louisiana and rural
Louisiana I don't think that like a
whole bunch of like white southern like
farmers and rural people would be like
oh yeah we should vote to give you know
to have greater like black people
representation of the workplace I feel
like these things don't necessarily go
hand in hand
um interesting news Louisiana like tons
of black people where black people are
super [ __ ] hated - I mean it's not I
mean I I mean like look for the
socialist society mm-hm
it's run like by people who are
presumably socialists following
socialist ideology now well like the
problem
at democracy right yeah the problem that
I have is like you you say socialists
but I feel like what you mean is like
altruistic like people will say things
like oh well there with her run with
socialist policies - okay well what kind
of social policies we're like being
inclusive towards people of other races
well that's nothing to do with social as
I'm like oh well the entire ideology of
communism and by extension socialism is
that of a cow arianism right everyone
from everyone according to well but
egalitarian with that but egalitarianism
in regards to class struggle not
egalitarian in regards to like race or
even gender now in the past in the past
you may have been correct because so
some communist and socialist movements
were very exclusive but in the past 100
years they've been standing in
solidarity with feminist causes with
LGBTQ causes with black liberation the
Black Panthers in America were largely
Maoists right these things are highly
intersectional and in the past 100 years
or so all of these movements have been
standing in solidarity now you are
correct that there is existing like
national
socialist movements I think like
national Bolsheviks like in Hezbollah's
is like the meme mm-hmm where you have
like they're kind of like all right
lefties as far as where I'm not like
super educated on it but those are
largely fringe movements and like the
end goal of a socialist or communist
movement is to be a guy attained in not
just class but also do you okay so like
I'm not trying to appeal to the Past
thing but like do you think that like oh
no okay so you already said that like
people of the past that were like
lefties weren't necessarily like what
Karl Marx have been somebody that loved
black people and thought that women
should work and whatnot um it depends
like the USSR for example had like
really really high rates of like women
in education and in science right
working in their industries and this was
partially driven by like the death of a
[ __ ] ton of people in war but I mean
they didn't like tank their economy to
hold up their sexism rank so I mean you
have examples of it being more accepting
you have examples of being less
accepting I mean it depends on where you
look China Russia but in more recent
history it's absolutely been standing in
solid in more recent history yeah
recently it seems like progressive at
least in United States like
progressivism was what tends to get too
tied in with like socialism and whatnot
so yeah cuz I mean if you look at MLK
and like the Poor People's Campaign that
was very a very socialist movement right
um and these things kind of stand in
hand at hand okay and then back on to
ran back to foreign intervention I think
the education system in America like K
through 12 absolutely preaches American
exceptionalism like you have kids in
very young in school learning about
Christopher Columbus came over and they
shook hands with the natives and
everyone was happy and we settled the
land and everything was all cool mm-hmm
right we learned about all these super
totally justified Wars we get into that
kind of thing and then once they get to
university the history class oh my god I
just [ __ ] tabbed over and psynergy
just killed my [ __ ] discord welcome
back I'm sorry hello five [ __ ] [ __ ]
it's okay I got one thing once they get
to university the history classes and
they're like sociology classes are a bit
more progressive in that regard but even
then you have like the
military-industrial complex throwing
huge amounts of money to recruit people
straight out of university not not
history majors or philosophy majors but
you know like business majors engineers
right huh physics major is getting huge
grants from the u.s. car
and to go work on weapons of war these
things are all like pretty intertwine
right okay and I think in a socialist
society one that values you know
socialist ethical values right would say
that like hey this amount of money I'm
not just like this rent stinky behavior
is not only unacceptable in government
it's unacceptable in education too right
you shouldn't have these big companies
Boeing Lockheed Martin whoever throwing
large amounts of cash universities to
set up a school - you know missile
factory pipeline essentially right okay
yeah I just thought I'd throw this out
there is this not something that people
could do in a socialist system as well
though are you in a capitalist system no
in a socialist system I couldn't
couldn't like let's say Lockheed was
like a worker coop like couldn't they
invest money into schools to have
children educated to come immediately to
their coop and whatnot
well sure but that would but the point
is is that that would be in direct
conflict with V values of the political
system as a whole I feel like it's not
like I agree with well no I don't agree
with anything that's like okay I think
so basically it feels like you're doing
like what every socialist I talked to
does we're like you're trying to sell me
on socialism but you're not actually
selling me on socialism you're selling
me on this egg a latarian altruistic
society that is like so good and like if
these people were capitalists like it
would work just as well
right like you would say like in your
world you'd say like well a socialist
society would have the values that would
be inclusive of people of all shapes and
sizes bla bla bla and I would say well
in my ideal capitalist society people
like Bezos and Bill Gates would
volunteer every Saturday you know and
donate a hundred million dollars every
week to homeless shelters and get people
out like I would say the same thing
about like a capitalist society like so
would you say certain political and
economic systems are based off of
certain values yeah like I would say
that like capital ooh this is like way
past money but it feels to me like
capitalism is probably something that
Springs out of like liberalism it feels
like it's a natural extension of that
yeah like the individual yeah the
individual rides great economic freedom
private private enjoy yeah just like
socialism or communism would spring out
of like the ethical values of well but
okay so like oh man this is so far side
of my political [ __ ] knowledge what I
should be talking about but like when
you say
Galla terrorism when you say socialism
as egalitarian it feels like the
definition that you're appealing to that
is like what we think egalitarianism is
and egalitarian ISM when we say it in
today's speech is like you know all
people are treated as equally as
possible so women black people blah blah
blah blah blah but egalitarianism to
like a Marxist it is generally concerned
with the analysis of classes of like the
proletariat the bushwa not necessarily
like black people or women so I don't
know if it's fair to say like oh well
egalitarianism is the underlying
philosophy of Marxism when what you're
really talking about is a Galit arianism
of the classes not of like every size
shape creed and religious denomination
or whatever of people I mean and you'd
be correct but Marxism is not just like
like Marx didn't write the book like you
didn't just write Capone everyone was
like this is Marxism it's done right
it's evolved over time to include
intersectionality right it's like well
wait you would say that Marxism like
necessarily I thought intersectionality
was more like like a social analysis
though egalitarianism like the idea of
being a gal Kane would suggest that
everyone is equal not just from a class
perspective right like Jenner yeah how
we use a guy was tearing us up today
yeah I would agree yeah
not just today even if you know Plato or
whoever was talked about being a gal
Italian I mean if the idea is that
everyone is equal
I don't there's no way I can't possibly
agree with that the I'm not Plato okay
so so let's say Plato himself wouldn't
cuz he thought everyone outside of
Greece was like a [ __ ] rancid well
even like in our um and even in like our
declaration independence like our
Constitution right you find phrases like
all men are created equal but in that's
a gallant Aryan but they didn't mean
black people I mean right like right but
the spirit of Ag out arianism not to the
application of it right if I go out and
say I'm in a gal Italian and I only make
class equality and not racial equality
well I'm just not living up to the
spirit of egalitarian smiling be ethical
the integrated the implementation isn't
and the implication of its name has not
been true to what it might mean but what
I'm saying is if we're going to like
Marxist thought has evolved over time
over the last 200 years mm-hmm to be
more egalitarian than it once was right
and why a Grameen but that's true of
like capitalism as well right
hora gallant area yeah of course but so
the problem is is if capitalism is at
its most egalitarian right meaning all
the women and the black people unlike
indigenous people they'll get [ __ ] by
capital equally right there's no more
discrimination no more wealth
disparities it's a gallant Aryan right
well it yes but not completely so right
just like if Marxism evened out the
class warfare and then locked a certain
ethnic group in Chains it would be
egalitarian either right so I want to I
want to wind way back to what I was
trying to talk about like 10 minutes ago
okay not your fault so basically my my
statement is that because certain
political and economic systems are based
out of certain values it will create and
then entrench systems that purport those
values I agree with that I think yeah ok
cool so if we were to follow a Marxist
ideology that valued egalitarianism in
the way that we understand it today I
believe that would create and then
entrench systems that valued that so if
you had things like worker coops right
violating those principles they would
probably receive backlash by either the
public at large or the system's itself
just like in capitalism if you have
things trying to violate the principles
of capitalism right like let's say
someone wants to socialized health care
hmm
well the capitalists don't like that
because it goes against their liberal
rational consumer mean right like where
we think every hospital is just a
[ __ ] grocery store we go around and
shop for the best steaks well it kind of
bought it violates that principle so
it's gonna even be resistant to that
just like in a Marxist system if a
Lockheed and Martin worker co-op decided
to lobby the education system well that
would be violating it one of the ethical
principles of this society at large and
there would be pushed back to that right
maybe okay and I like that maybe well
like my problem is that like if I were
to take the same group of people that
we're Galit Aryans were pushing
socialism and instead I were to make
them cap
lists they could push like these same
types of values and I theoretically I
could see it working but yeah okay but
my my point is is that since the
capitalist system reproduces itself that
shows up in education right mm-hm and
that produces more capitalists right
whereas if you have a Marxist system
sure but if you're producing capitalists
that were like egalitarians that that
believed in like protected classes and
[ __ ] like that and then we'd still have
like a lot of exploitation right well
what do you mean my classic quotation
like you have capitalists [ __ ] over
workers consistently what do you mean by
[ __ ] over like are you like when you
say that you mean like all forms of
labor is exploitative in an immoral way
or it doesn't have to be but I mean like
for example like for like if if I were
just take the stance that all forms of
labor exploitative that would mean I'm a
worker and I received 99% of the value
of my labor that would be exploitation I
don't necessarily agree with that I mean
obviously there's scale here but I mean
you don't get jobs for 99 percent of the
value of your labor is yours right well
I do right now as a twitch streamer I'm
just if I go yeah I'm sorry I am no no
it's not it's a [ __ ] point cuz my job is
very exceptional so never right but go
ahead say yeah exactly it's like most
positions in society don't yeah yeah you
get a very small percentage of the
actual area you're the lifestyle is the
lifestyle that I want for everybody but
my the point is is that generally since
the capital already exists right like if
you take away the capitalists the
capital doesn't necessarily go anywhere
maybe yeah as long as it's maintained by
the workers and everything and all that
Amway yeah which by the way the biggest
problem with transitioning to a
socialist or communist societies capital
flight mm-hm economic issue but assuming
that we can solve that problem right the
capital exists whether or not the
capitalist is there to manage it right
um I don't know if that's true but um
I'll say yes I mean that capital has to
be maintained right and requires
reinvestment I went on but absolutely
which I mean one switz ownership is
transferred to the worker I mean that
can happen
I think my overall point was basically
just that if we because you like to kind
of hand wave the idea that in a
socialist society
socialist structures would be upheld and
that
you probably do the same thing with
socialist people or you gout hearing
people in a capitalist society but the
problem is I'm focused on constructing
structures that put out the gala tearing
people right and I don't I think
capitalism is bad for that because it
puts out liberal people I think that
everyone is a rational actor right which
is just not true
and yeah and um let's see you'll see I
was trying to think of what else I
wanted to talk about there's anything
else oh do you want to end on a spicy
one I think vibrations are a good idea I
mean if there's empirical data to back
it up I'd agree with you it's not much
else to say or do you just think
philosophically it's a good idea
philosophically it's a good idea oh I
don't really care I don't believe in
like that something is like virtuous in
and of itself if it doesn't produce any
good outcomes just giving people a bunch
of money I don't think there's
necessarily a good thing
um so like not just about like about
good outcomes I think there's an
interesting quote mm-hmm by Malcolm X oh
it kind of talks about how the black
community has like a knife and it's back
and people are talking about ways to
heal the wound before I've been pulling
the knife out uh-huh and I agree with
you that reprobate cash reparations are
largely pointless if we still have
things like wealth inequalities and
large gaps in healthcare and income and
[ __ ] no or the fact that the average
American is financially illiterate so
giving them a cash injection doesn't
help their financial situation
whatsoever I think this is pretty
evidence by like a tax return day right
people usually get their tax returns I
go on by big TVs yeah yeah exactly and
so do you think if we fix these problems
so that like the wealth inequalities you
know financial illiteracy different
disparities things like that so everyone
was on anything equal playing field I
mean obviously giving them money would
probably have a positive result in the
economy right a short term very
temporary one yeah yeah like any
stimulus spending would yeah as long and
as long as we're not breaking the bank
it probably wouldn't have a long-term
negative impact on the economy the kind
of depending on how you feel about like
and like deficit spending I guess sure
so I mean assuming that like the outcome
would be positive you have any problems
with it oh no the outcome is positive
energy I go for it okay so you're only
philosophical objection is that we're
putting the cart before the horse or
whatever yeah like if it didn't actually
end up like if it if basically let's say
we do like okay well here are
reparations and then like every black
person just waste all the money
immediately and like they bought like a
bunch of dumb [ __ ] like what people
normally do when they
big cash injections and it'd be like
okay well what the [ __ ] what's the point
of this okay sick I'm done them okay
well hey buddy I love you be careful
okay peace out
they say you have to
[Music]
