it's not my what is your argument [ __ ]
this : I'm a a Diana dude oh okay yeah I
think he's on my side so this is gonna
be really unfair are you ready to
experience what I just experienced yeah
that's fine like I can I can do the one
thing Oh Molly someone in your chat is
not gonna be comparable to you in debate
I'm ready yeah okay good like hold on
one sec thanks dude I love the hog meme
I don't know this is too bad mistake I
mean ultimately if I get [ __ ]
trounced and I'll just like back up and
try to rethink my wife and it'd be good
he's getting headphones all right good
luck
why do you keep saying that it's a smart
guy is he what up hey how you doing
pretty good how you doing buddy he
sounds not too bad not too bad
all right who's this guy Devin yeah
what's up buddy my dude I'm Alexia okay
I come from a long line of debaters oh
okay so do you think it's wrong to
torture a cat I don't care about this
[ __ ] here's what I care about it's not
you answer the question not the position
I'm gonna take I know I already know
what I've thought that five thousand
years in the future after every timeline
and I see where you're going and it's
already [ __ ] okay so you realize your
moral system is already [ __ ] within
five seconds of this debate because okay
little [ __ ] dude now I know what Steven
met he literally can kill me this is
awesome he's probably hit man
all right Steven your entire problem is
that you changed your position whoa
don't talk to me I'm gonna teach you my
only right or morally wrong or morally
neutral to skin a cat alive
I have never I have never done not on
that platform I'm not trying to make
that case screaming you're not on the
platform - what do you believe I'm
asking a simple question it doesn't
matter what I believe what I'm what up
what I'm dealing with is Stevens issue
with moral inconsistencies in people so
it has nothing yes a good case for that
it seems like you might have a moral
consistency I'm sorry it seems like you
have might have a moral consistency he
might be right in saying that yeah I
wanna see no sorry you are you aware of
the principle of explosion in philosophy
I don't care about any of this the
principle of explosion in philosophy
when you have a moral inconsistency in
your system your your system explodes
because anything is justified you can
just draw a circle around a certain area
I'm gonna be convinced inconsistent in
this place I can't just draw a circle
around you and say I'm gonna be
inconsistent and kill you no you can't
because the moral scale like I'm okay
I'm just inconsistent okay hold on wait
I'm going to verbalize the
counter-argument to this and you can
send me what you think your answer would
be and I think there is a consistent
argument against this so somebody could
argue that there are certain world
crimes that we can commit that are of a
different scale that don't necessarily
explode out to a separate bound so let
me give you an example shut the [ __ ] up
let me give an example somebody believes
that murder is a moral wrong okay this
person also believes that breaking laws
is a moral wrong just because this
person might say change lanes in an
intersection or break some
inconsequential traffic law doesn't
necessarily mean that they have to
accept that murdering people might be
okay or that we can argue that there
might be scales of okay so this is a
conflation so you're conflating between
what a moral system logically says and
what a person actually does in their
acts so yes I can do something like I
couldn't believe certain things and
certain things that just cuz I'm a
fallible human I do these things but
that doesn't mean that doesn't speak to
the moral consistency or inconsistency
of what I actually believe or not
okay so if I could see 42 not not a
completely acting out of equipment and
my moral system with the logical
extensions of my moral system itself
that's why I'm never asking him in this
debate I'm never actually asking him if
he would skin a cat I'm asking him in
his moral system does he consider it
wrong to skin a cat I'm focusing on the
logical extensions of this moral system
and not him as a person
yeah I understand that but it feels like
if we apply the principle of explosion
where would that that principle is only
applying insofar as we are arguing over
like objective truths about moral
systems not necessarily how they play
out in the real world I'm not applying
the principle explosion to him as a
person and saying oh because you did
this one wrong thing you you might as
well not be novel to anymore especially
the claim is that you thank you point
prove it here so then to center back
around so that we're all on the same
page you're essentially saying that as
soon as you accept some inconsistencies
there's an irrationality in a system
that system becomes internally
inconsistent and therefore worthless
right oh yes as this - the system itself
yeah okay and I agree with that yeah all
right okay so go for it good luck Devon
okay so okay so so in your moral system
is it morally right morally wrong or
morally neutral to torture accounts
again I don't care about this so here's
what I give you the way to end I'm gonna
give you the way okay let me know I
already won you don't get this like you
answer the question Malaysia and then
let's go I like that one better okay
is it morally right morally wrong to
torture dogs or cats I don't care about
this because there's nothing actual
problem of why I'm gonna or why I'm
actually talking to Stephen about like
what you're talking about has nothing to
do with what I'm talking like there's a
position what am I here what am I in
here for I don't know Stephen brought
you in to make a quote of himself to
[ __ ] kill me
solutely hired a hitman to assassinate
that's what they say it seems like but
you seem wait let me summarize the
problem here okay so the issue that I
have with most with most quote unquote
moral people a V or a V you said was a V
right it was a V okay many people claim
to have moral systems that they adhere
to however many people acknowledge that
they are hypocritical in these moral
systems so for instance you I'm sure
I've taught because you're in the for
the activism server I'm sure that you've
talked to a number of car nests that
will say something along the lines of I
acknowledge that eating meat is probably
not right but you know I do it anyway
because I'm lazy and my issue is that I
believe that if you claim to have a
moral system if you acknowledge this
sort of inconsistency in this hypocrisy
it makes you impossible to compel others
to act in ways that you consider moral
that's my issue and Devon disagrees with
that position what can I actually put my
position on the table without this guy
[ __ ] telling me that I need to like
believe in killing cats or no I mean if
you're well held on Abbey do you
disagree than anything I just said Devon
yeah wait I thought I did some are you
you think that you should be able to
compel people to act morally even if
you're inconsistent right as a matter of
scale and because and you changed your
argument over that I like halfway
through what an argument to okay so your
original position was that you were
completely absolute that you said that
if you have a slight moral inconsistency
in your argument then you are
disqualified from world ethical
discourse your second position then
change and then you said [ __ ] not
absolutely and you said that now the
moral and the world and consistency is
only relevant to the scale I am going to
appeal to your sense of charity bility
here and I'm going to say that in this
conversation I assume that we were
talking about crimes of a similar moral
gravity that I will acknowledge that if
somebody cheats in a video game it
doesn't necessarily mean they have to be
ok with another person raping their
whole family ok yeah so that's my entire
position so then my position was that if
you acknowledge that killing animals is
probably morally wrong but you still do
it that killing people isn't that far of
a stretch from that I so I don't think
you have used this moral scale argument
here right so you're saying that yeah
yeah
but then we get where we got lost was
because like where we ended up was like
you said that basically that me being me
did making the decision to eat meat
right was of the same scale and caliber
as Bill Cosby date-rape eating dozens of
women I think it's a I don't think I
would say the same but so I think argue
worse and some people would I think I
would argue similar that if you think
that murdering animals is wrong but you
do it that that it's really hard for you
to compel people to act a certain well
with much the same act of me eating meat
is comparable to to date raping a bunch
of women but I just have no recent argue
totally wrong sure but that's Benford
but you can't but you don't you admitted
that you said that murdering animals is
wrong right are you we gonna change that
or we're fine I'll be charitable I take
that matter no I'm not going back like
matter scale Bill Cosby is real Cosby
raped way less women than you eat
animals so what is the scale here I mean
that's true so the way to think about
this really I'm just imagine if it was a
trait equalized to human so if you want
to like take a take a look at the
morally relevant differences between a
human and an animal you can say it's
sentience level its ability to
experience well-being just imagine if
there was a human who was mentally
handicapped or whatnot and if their
traits that you would consider morally
relevant were equalized to that of the
animal then would you look at it the
same way and say okay well you know I'm
just paying for the mentally handicapped
persons flesh it cuz I just like that
you know it's not that morally wrong I
can still say all these morally good
things and can tell these people to do
great things even though I'm purchasing
mentally handicapped humans watch I
think your position is is really
intelligent but I also don't think it's
practical like like I think that society
is more complex than that like we have
we have like different feelings and
positions on people why on human beings
than we do on animals right and in
actual practical society yeah sure but
again I would just ask for consistency
so I'm asking what makes it wrong to do
these things what makes it wrong to do
these things to humans what makes it
wrong to do these things to animals and
I would ask you to apply the scale
collage eclis consistently so I
understand their feelings yeah I know
yeah you could defeat me no matter what
their way this isn't
arguing though we understand that you
can't the argument then is if you compel
other people to act in moral ways with
you acknowledge that you can't
internally validate your own system
that's the argument we're having exactly
which is why I didn't want to get caught
in the torturing capture yes so this is
why so he's already admitted that he is
wickedly inconsistent with his own
application of his moral system but now
the argument is can he compel other
people to act in whorl ways while
acknowledging his own moral
inconsistency I mean it and it's just a
lot harder I mean it's just an I don't
see why you couldn't I mean someone
could say listen I'm being I'm hypocrite
but that doesn't mean that what I'm
saying is logically not true you can be
a complete different I mean look so
here's my here's my challenge to that
okay let's say that we're having an
argument and you're trying to compel me
to some moral activity right let's say
that you are Aguila say that I'm
somebody that walks around and I break
and how's the still should let's say
that you say to me okay well hey um you
know you shouldn't break it house isn't
still [ __ ] it's wrong you're violent you
have Tommy's brother scaling property
etcetera etcetera and then I go to you
okay um yeah you're probably right but I
really enjoy this I'm just being
hypocritical there on what grounds do
you tell that person that their
hypocrisy is wrong when you've already
admitted a hypocrisy of your own how can
you challenge that other than saying
that like yeah I mean you can like so
you like strict morals it's like well
you're actually doing an ad hominem
attack you know my hypocrisy doesn't
invalidate my moral system but from a
pragmatic like argumentation point of
view it seems really hard to compel
somebody like matically are completely
screwed absolutely pragmatically like
it's very very because everyone's gonna
look at this and consider and look at in
the way that oh you're a complete
hypocrite why should i why should i take
anything you say I'm just saying from a
logical point of view from a logical
logical point of view and appeal to
hypocrisy is fallacious because you can
be a hypocrite and still advocate for a
system of ethics that's consistent but
when you're inconsistent yourself I
should clarify that you're right from a
pragmatic point of view it seems very
very difficult or it may be even from a
philosophical point of view to advocate
another person be consistent yet allow
yourself to be inconsistent on what
grounds do you justify your
inconsistency and attack their you from
the philosophical view you just say
simply because I'm I'm a terrible person
doesn't mean what I'm saying right now
in this moment in time is terrible yes
would be immense yeah yes
gotcha I like this guy everything I mean
it but then that means that you have to
acknowledge that you're a tear
person that's the other side of I think
the person I'm talking to is a terrible
person I am but I still have [ __ ] to say
that's worthwhile wait okay I'll accept
it sure if that is here if that is your
position yeah okay sure
yeah I can accept that yeah I'll accept
that too I mean I think yeah you're you
are a terrible person but there is some
good that can come but I can say some
good ass [ __ ] my dude we're good buddy
my dude you got there you did it you
just had to admit that you were a
terrible [ __ ] human being and then
you managed to with me now at the end of
infinity war what did it cost now I can
retire to my home and let me just let me
just try to like persuade you a little
bit let me just wanna beat don't you
want to not be a terrible person yeah of
course I've devoted my life to to
helping other people right so like I
would obviously not want to be a
terrible person
yeah so wouldn't you want to extend that
to like other beings that can experience
first-person perspectives and love and
experience the torture they were and not
slaughter these beings and not
contribute economic demands is
fluttering these beams like wouldn't you
want to do that if there's a way you
could do that like this be honest about
it then um well okay so the reason I can
admit I'm a terrible person is I think
all people were terrible like Mike come
on that's such a cop-out man that was
sort of my whole position in attacking
Stephen in the first place right was
that like even saying that nobody is
valuable because they're because they
have moral and consistencies or because
they're terrible people some way is not
realized you realize that most Americans
go about in cruise control mode
throughout their entire life they never
did aren't educated in philosophy they
don't understand haven't taken the time
to introspect and think about moral
systems yeah they have no idea that
they're actually being inconsistent you
realize it now you realize you're being
you just told me where you were a
terrible most people don't go and say
introspect and really think about these
things philosophically and then come to
the conclusion that hey you know what I
just realized that I'm a terrible person
don't acknowledge themselves as flawed
individuals I would say that's probably
yeah flawed individuals sure I
acknowledge myself as a flawed
individual I don't think I'm a terrible
person I don't throw it away when I when
I was convinced of this I kind of did
realize that I was like hey wait a
minute what I'm doing if I want to be
consistent I really should go vegan did
you and all I'm yes and all I'm asking
is now that you realize this and you've
by your own admission you you've told me
this maybe if you want help in going
vegan I'm willing to help you we have a
whole server there willing to help you
oh [ __ ]
thanks man but I'm good animal that you
don't need oh okay but how about that
but it sounds like you want to be a
terrible personality there's like I just
asked you if you want to be a to want to
not be a terrible person you told me yes
so the logical conclusion of that is
that you realize this is why you're
being a terrible person then we're
willing to help you take a step away
from that wouldn't you accept my hands
I'm offering it to you um I think this
feels like a very come to Jesus type of
thing or the same type of energy so I'm
to not slaughter beings there's a
come-to-jesus type of thing well so
here's the thing how could you
ironically say this I'm I'm completely
fine I'm completely fine with the it
with the positive impact I make on the
earth and contrast with negative impact
I make on the earth and meat but you
would never accept it in any other
context from anybody that said the same
thing yeah human beings better as people
and and I eat meat I would be perfectly
fine with those people myself ok let me
ask you a question ok so if someone were
going around slaughtering trade
equalized humans so if someone were
slaughtering the mentally handicapped in
eating them and then they said the same
exact thing you just said right now they
said you know what I've thought about
this is really terrible I'm a terrible
person but you know I'm ok with it
because I'm contributing a lot of good
you tell them yeah would you tell them
so would you tell them that you know
what that's ok but you couldn't you
should continue doing what you're doing
or would you say hey you know what I
appreciate the video you're doing to
society but maybe you should back off on
slaughtering all those mentally
handicapped people yeah it's always
separate argument I mean like use ok
that's the argument I'm making to you
right now are you mean you're making
right now here's the ring you're making
you're saying are you willing to
sacrifice the lives of animals right in
or m'ling to sacrifice the lives of
animals for your own personal preference
and enjoyment my answer is I my argument
rut to you right now is that you just
told me you're a terrible person you I
by your admission you just said okay
well you know what I've come to the
morally inconsistent person yeah okay
you're a morally inconsistent person and
that involves slaughtering beans
indirectly yes and okay so you're more
like inconsistent person on something
that involves paying for the slaughter
of being yes
okay and you if you're telling me you
are more and you already told me that
