oh boy oh boy
what's up dude ah nothing much I'm here
for this at-will state debate wow did
you change your name to vegan destinated
to Isaac do it I think I don't think I
can change my name that is eternally
chewing tobacco
alright gentlemen we're just customers
today huh
yeah I guess so sure what is what is uh
what's your idea like what's your I
guess like how do you envision an ethnos
state and like talk to me about what
your idea is so I don't know so we can't
have an in the in the case of America
this is it for Europe in case of America
we can't have an ethnic state we have to
have a race state so and that will just
be like like a percentage of whiteness I
did the the percentage is really unknown
at the moment like it'll be something
they'll be discussed
whenever some like me until gets going
probably somewhere around like 25 33
percent but that's for the case of
America of course it's we're so like
were they marry much for a reason you
know and yeah that's pretty much it
it doesn't have to be a hundred percent
white either we get it I just would like
upwards like 93 percent but I thought
you just of 25 to 35 percent no no
that's like the how white or non-white
you can have before you're unqualified
when I - I mean 93 percent population
I want 93 percent of the country to be
white oh I understand okay alright cuz
not even Japan's like 100 percent there
so like 97 so you want 93 percent of the
country - no no I'm not the whole point
of me saying that was just to say like
there's like there could be exceptions
sure well yeah I'm just tryna stem so
you say you're saying you want 93
percent of the country to be 25 to 35
percent white is that it no no they can
only be 25 percent non-white
okay sis 25 and 35% way yeah some around
there okay I'm just making sure I
understand so we have an ethnos state
country 93% of the country needs to be
at least 75% white in order to make room
for exceptions right yeah exception yeah
sure extraordinary exceptions okay
and then just to flesh out your position
more well ask the how first so how do
you envision making this happen well see
that's the hard part so I had but
hypothetically I don't know it's just
spreading the word at this point that's
some big league stuff right there of
actually putting it in the action okay
so say you spread the word to everybody
how does that get you to 93% of the
qawalli so just getting of like
represented in there like the media or
not not the media since that probably
never happened but just like getting our
what we believe our belief spread around
I think a lot of people would like agree
with us in that and I think that would
be yeah I guess I'm asking for like the
mechanism by which you increase the
overall whiteness of the country or
you're gonna make people leave or how
are you gonna kill oh yeah definitely
yeah mass deportation I'm not like
people will frame it I like really
genocide and whatnot but that's not the
case at all mass deportations let's say
they don't want to be deported what's
your next step well if they don't want
to be deported and they meet us with
violence we'll meet them with equal
violence okay so yes to genocide then I
don't know why you said no to that so no
jenis huh well so we have Leon yeah so
we have mass deportation right what I
mean look up something Oh make sure I'm
working with the right definitions okay
well we don't have to call it genocide
we can call it the mass killing of a
bunch of people of a certain race I
guess it's only mass killing if they
resist which they only die if they
resist okay
but let's assume for a minute okay so I
don't know how many real-life people you
know but let's assume for a minute that
somebody that is been in this country
for possibly generations doesn't want to
just leave and go to some
strange place they're probably going to
resist right along with the healthy
number of white people as well so Jen
are like I don't want to say genocide I
go since that's like a trigger word for
you but like killing all of these people
is something that has to be on the table
for you right state enforced violence
yeah yeah yeah okay
[Music]
okay so there's that part why do you
want to do an ethnos State that's the
next I need to hear this so I I've come
to notice that we're very much different
like race kind of dictates like our
actions in a way and then our culture I
believe our culture derives from our
race and just like how we revolutionized
whatnot and yep evolutionized evolution
whatever the word is okay okay do you
have any other thoughts you want to get
out before we start walking - oh I don't
I just believe we're different I think
that's all that I need to really need to
advocate separate segregation I mean we
all engage in self segregation to some
extent or another that's a false
comparison so self segregation is
different than state enforced by acts of
violence segregation these are two
totally different no I'm not using it to
justify I'm just explaining it well okay
but when you say yeah sure when I ask a
question you go well we do this anyway
that it kind of sounds like you're
providing that as a justification I take
it back
okay yeah all right and it's fine I'm
not trying to make you say anything you
don't want to say so if you feel like
I'm unfairly restating your opinion feel
free to tell me okay I don't want to
treat everybody so so I mean like the
first thing where everything kind of
falls apart but we don't have to go too
hard on this is it sounds like you have
no real way to measure whiteness I don't
know what you mean by 75% white what is
that well just white European okay but
like what let's say that um Do You Know
Who I am
or I guess I'm asking like do you know
what I look like destiny yeah yeah okay
do I do I get to be in the white ethno
state or no I don't know it like I'd say
well I don't know this is really
semantics something I'm not qualified to
talk about well this isn't semantics
this is essential to your point me I
would probably just do the base off
looks and if there's like a questionable
line there then we'd probably do some
genetic testing okay cool so I posted my
picture in chat do I look white enough
for the ethnos state yeah okay
so I'm 50% Cuban so does that mean that
like any 50% Hispanic person I don't
even know if Cubans consider but like I
wouldn't consider myself an extremely
telling colors apart from the non
colored okay so who is that expat how
can you not know I guess like the thing
is that like you feel strong enough
about separating people into these two
groups white and non-white that you're
willing to sanction state violence to do
it but you don't know how you would
separate these people into could you say
we could do genetic testing on everyone
if that would make you happy I don't
think that genetic testing is going to
turn up the answer that you want though
what answer would it turn up I mean
genetic tests don't come back saying
white ordinary tor colored it's not how
genetic testing works I mean when I
refer to like what I'm thinking of when
I think I think like 23andme and how it
shows you like what person is European
you are and what percentage like
whatever you are sure so you want to do
I want to do ancestry then yes yes is
that what it goes by well that's that's
what genetic testing tells you it can
approximate like your ancestry based on
genetic clusters that existed yeah okay
so whatever 23andme does that's probably
a little good boy okay are you
comfortable with the fact that a lot of
people that are very white probably
won't qualify due to that testing and
that you're gonna have minorities that
will qualify like people that are
clearly colored will probably qualify
due to that type of genetic testing that
seems like it's not going
get you to the place where you want to
get it too I don't know what do you
think's a better alternative well I'm
not in favor of ethnos States I think
that grouping people based on the way
they look is a bad way to group people
so I I don't I don't really know I mean
I would suggest if you want to make this
argument I feel like you need a much
stronger way to divide people into white
and non-white but the problem is
historically the category of white has
always been arbitrary so it's so I don't
know how you would go about doing these
what do you mean by its arbitrary like
you're saying you can't identify it well
what I'm saying is that the concept of
white is in a lot of ways socially
constructive that groups that previously
weren't considered white have now become
considered white so that's it's like a
hard category there's not like a rigid
scientific definition for whiteness
everything kind of becomes relativistic
or arbitrary I guess like if you read
words by our founding fathers for
instance I think they only considered
British people [ __ ] it was like British
people in one other group of people
white but like Spaniards and Germans and
other types of people were considered
not of pure whiteness which are people
that you would very clearly consider
white today so yeah so I'm not sure how
you would define well I would definitely
consider the Irish the British the
Germans all them away I think I think we
know what white is it's just like when I
say white European I think we know what
I'm talking about I'd know what I'm
talking about you know what a circular
argument is nope so it's kind of like
let's say I think I say that action X is
disgusting and somebody says why is it
disgusting I don't think it's disgusting
and you go well it is because it is it's
common sense well that doesn't really
help the other person so let's say that
I disagree with you on what your notion
of white is let's say I say africans are
white like people come in not like white
South Africans but like people from like
Kenya and [ __ ] like very black but
what's it that I say they're white and
then you say no well now I have to ask
you okay well what is your definition of
whiteness you can't just say well we
know because it is you have to
to quantify that somehow if it's like I
said why you're being I guess you know
so you just want to say like white
European people what about white people
from like South Africa and stuff I mean
they there aren't south and majority
South Africans like Dutch probably at
something from some colonial to [ __ ] or
whatever or I guess you say you want to
do like the ancestry thing so you would
go back via ancestry but then we run
into the thing before we're like I don't
know I'm pretty sure you could get
people that look not necessarily white
but can be traced back to European
ancestry because of their families that
their generational history and all that
[ __ ] like we don't have I mean this is a
really hard part for you so we don't
have to go on too much into this but it
seems like having like a really rigid
way this is a problem that I noticed
with a lot of ethno State people is
they're willing to make exceptions for
whatever includes them for instance like
that are you familiar with James Allsop
and Nick Fuentes yeah sure I think both
of them are about white nationalists
they don't like hide it or whatever like
Fuentes is Hispanic origin like is this
somebody that gets to be in the ethnos
state I he had he does like soul math in
order to calculate his percentage
whiteness and he says that his
percentage is high enough but like
here's a here's an ethics problem for
you let's say that you get your white
ethno state made okay let's say that
somehow we determined 75% whiteness and
everybody let's say that at that point
somebody starts some movement in their
countries like okay well we want 90%
whiteness now and we want to get rid of
all the people that are less than 90%
white like what if you fell under that
category what argument would you use to
protect yourself from being cast out
well I mean would it be really be that
far of a stretch just like me saying I
want to kick out somebody that's like
50% one non-white versus me saying
someone it's like 90 it's not there's
not that much difference if it's like if
we knew or they whoever's doing it they
knew like it would obviously make the
country a lot better than what it is
then well we have an assembly they have
the force to back it up Who am I like I
can't really do anything well I don't
think we have a way in regards to that
part yet we can come back to that but
let's say somebody claims that they can
make the country a lot better by kicking
out people less than 95 percent Wyatt
see that's why that's why I made my
margins probably like 25 percent
non-white especially Native America but
the problem is I got your mate you're
setting margins you're setting the bar
just low enough that you can pass over
it
but what I'm saying is let's say that
you've now made it because you've
essentially made it permissible to
deport people based on race up to the
point of using state and forced violence
right or state sanctioned violence
well now let's say that a new movement
starts in your ethno state and they want
to get rid of people that aren't of a
certain level of whiteness that you
don't pass under what argument can you
use that works for you that Hispanics
couldn't have used that worked for them
what argument could you possibly go
there there is none area there
absolutely is not it's like I could just
point to like how people with like X I
don't know that's that's a good question
okay
and I just if it's like if we knew it's
like the numbers supported that it would
make the country better then no he's
just like we're in the same places like
the Mexicans were so let's let's focus
on that okay what do you mean when you
say make the country better well okay
all right so start with the blacks in
terms like their crime like you know
they're I'm sure you've heard the 13%
50% of violent crime okay
that's a common one okay all right so
that's where I'll start anyway it's like
over-represented in crime and
over-represented and like taking more in
taxes then they put it well I don't I
guess both of those could be fixed just
by some like tax changes
and watch honor okay so let's start on
the first one why not just deport
criminals then why black people there
are white criminals as well when I just
deport people that commit crime yes the
thing where I disconnected like the
whole civic national saying is just like
I want to help my deep the white people
like I want to help them in dick like
it's probably gonna sound bad from the
outside which may be but I I don't
really care for helping them I just
wanna help my people why are white
people your people
I can understand like your family but
how do you identify with all white
people
I just think otherwise just British
white and so you share a common bond
with them or where you go what do you
live in the u.s. yeah yeah if you do you
mind telling me what state you live in
I know what state you frozen no I'm not
telling you oh no you know okay do you
think that say like a like a white
person that lives in like rural Montana
shares a lot in common
would say a white person that looks like
in the city in New York City do you
think these two people have a ton in
common I feel like you could find
minority people that you have more in
common with than some white people in
certain parts of the United States I'm
guessing you probably buy maybe I could
just take like the whole just like the
bond over race just out of the equation
just put it down to trick you like like
the benefit on society and even then
you're like then some of you might say
like Jews and I agents out like higher
IQ and they put more into the economy
and they take out or not but even then
I'd say like if we look at agents right
now within like Australia anybody that
has like dual citizenship like they're
able to come to our countries when I say
our economy like Australia here up
Canada u.s. all these countries and
they're able to like fight like
financially gain off of us at our
expense and they're able to ship that
money back to their like country of
origin okay so that's not necessarily a
bad thing you know but we're getting
into complicated economic transactions
which I think are a little bit beyond
the scope of this conversation
we're mint ensues and whatnot sending
money back to other countries isn't
necessarily a bad thing
firstly that's not a one-way transaction
if you go and you work in a country
you're providing your resource of labour
to a company to capitalise on to make
money so it's not just your stealing I
think we're both familiar with like how
the real estates like skyrocketed in
places like Australia Canada and places
in Europe and whatnot it's like that's
not really something I'd want for us
Dean are you like a socialist or I could
see the artificial so I'm not kind of
in-between on what I want there okay
yeah I guess I'd have to learn your
economic thing I'm like because I'm big
into capitalism I don't understand how
you would what is your goal to prevent
rising real estate costs and how does
that tie into an ethnos state I mean we
can just look at how like the the
Chinese are buying up all these all the
land the real estate and it's causing
the like if the sky rock and so I say
like well what's stopping wise from
doing the same I guess they can but I
would like I want to do the reason why
places are skyrocketing is because these
are massively in-demand places where
people want to live right the market
sets the price it's not like Chinese
people can arbitrarily raise the price
the price is raised to a level where
people are willing to pay all right this
is like do you think we should just let
anybody like just cuz they want to live
here we should let them in you're not of
that like you don't believe that do you
I believe in fully open borders yeah but
again I make you believe why because I'm
a huge capitalist wait this might be off
topic a little bit what are you like
what do you say about tariffs dude how
do you think it's are horrible
protectionism is horrible economic
theory no memes no HEPA Highness would
support the implementation you competing
with somebody from like like India who
works like 50 cents an hour and a
factory how you compete with that you
just like Lilia ban in the market and
you're like if we were open borders
today in the US or just abandon it you
try to excel at the things that you do
better than other countries it's called
comparative advantage so for instance if
some country excels in manufacturing or
excels and telemarketing centers you let
those countries do that right you export
so if you have a company and that
company deals with multiple levels of
things so for instance let's say that
you have a text now let's say you sell
computers but you also do tech support
right you can
there are parts of you are like a value
