hey what's up buddy hello hello what's
good okay so I just want to run a couple
ideas you posted some recent videos so
it kind of reminded yeah that's the
Biden Bernie Fisher was one of the
things I want to ask you I think you had
one with like the means of production
type of thing so yeah basically about
that the basic premise is like for you
personally
um do you believe science can answer all
like knowledge claims um [ __ ] I don't I
don't know she may need my knowledge
claims uh consience give you the answer
to all questions or do you believe that
like do you believe that we're just not
technology as an evolved to a certain
point but eventually maybe in like a
thousand years assuming like the human
race develops continues to develop do
you believe science can answer all you
know possible [ __ ] I don't know there's
multiple ways to read this but I'd
probably say no I would say that most
questions are probably unanswerable by
science everything that exists in the
rooms have like epistemology I would say
is unanswerable by science and
scientists built on like a whole bunch
of presuppositions that are completely
outside the boundaries of science but
like within the purview of questions
that science can answer it can answer
those I don't know that's a satisfying
answer no I mean yeah I agree
um but so I guess the main thing is that
you can see yourself like I think you're
pretty strongly atheist is that true or
is it yeah an agnostic atheist I guess
okay what about agnostic atheist so I
think agnosticism is a statement on the
types of knowledge I can have and I
would say I can't have knowledge of the
supernatural since I'm a materialist and
then atheist means I currently have no
belief in a God so I'd be an atheist so
an agnostic atheist I think oh well I I
think atheism I feel like I interpret
slightly stronger potency do it where
it's like you're making a positive claim
that God doesn't exist so my
understanding of the terms and I could
be wrong and we can change it whatever
works for this conversation is that a
theism it's just a statement of belief
it's not it's not like a knowledge claim
and in itself I thought that's what
Gnostic or agnostic is so like an
agnostic says you can't have in
about the existence of gods and a
Gnostics as you can and then like an
atheist just has no belief in a God but
he doesn't make the claim about whether
or not God or does or doesn't exist he
just claims to not have a belief in one
that's my own so but I could be wrong I
mean how do you how do you separate the
nuance between atheism agnosticism them
all do they cover two different realms
like atheism is just a question like
someone's like hey do you believe in God
and I'm like um I could say yes I'd be a
Christian or I could say no I'm an
atheist and they're like oh interesting
do you think that you can even know
about the existence of a god and I go oh
so knowledge about his existence would
be whether or not I'm an agnostic or
Gnostic I'm an agnostic I don't believe
that I can have net I can have knowledge
of things that are super physical like
supernatural I don't think I can have
knowledge of those things right so I
think like a lot of the reason why the
premise one are like the very first
question I asked you like that premise
of like can you have knowledge about all
things through science is relevant is
because I think that pretty clear answer
is that you can't if you look at things
like aesthetics or metaphysics it seems
like science doesn't have a clear way of
giving you an answer these types of
questions like so you generally agree
with that um yeah probably like meta
everything like metaphysics or meta meta
ethics part well any ethics probably
can't be answered by science yeah I'd
say so or like anything anything related
to epistemology I don't believe can be
answered scientifically you right so for
me in that framework I feel like you can
lead you in a direction where a concept
like faith kind of is reaffirmed almost
where I mean faith is very generally
associated with the concept of a
religion like you have faith in religion
but you can have faith in a number of
things you can have faith in you know
like a metaphysical concept or an
ontological concept but I believe that
in modern society a lot of people tend
to discredit faith I think for sometimes
for good reasons but it seems like it's
a too general or wide sweeping of a
discredit in my opinion I mean what are
you what are your views on like faith in
general um I think it's really bad I
think that we can play around at like
meta levels at metaphysical levels maybe
we could play around to establish some
sort of like God figures or whatever but
once we get down to actual like physical
levels or like apply positions then all
of those like meta claims are gonna fall
apart pretty hard or we're gonna have to
like radically change how we view things
to make them or
in a very unsatisfactory way okay can I
can I try to say my idea of why you
might think faith is like a pretty poor
concept then you can tell me if you
agreed you know for it so um a lot of
organised religions have their
foundation you know in you know
thousands of years of history ancient
traditions or in it maybe don't have you
know all the knowledge they wish to have
about the state of the world
so human nature is to be at pretty
unease with that you know you don't we
don't like that you know what do you
call that heuristics are just general
unease you know the human condition
isn't so fond of having so many
unanswerable things we don't know about
so a pretty natural thing to do is to
develop some you know story or some kind
of religion or tradition you know that
might explain a little bit more and you
know generally you might think that
that's a pretty poor methodology of
thinking about things because generally
you want to have you know deductive
premises and you want to be able to
reason out things rationally no I think
I think I think that's really good I
think that developing like religion is
heuristics in the beginning is like
really good so the idea of like thinking
there are gods and the skies that move
the stars right I think that's all fine
you make those observations they seem to
fit but then as you get better tools and
you measure things and you adjust those
things accordingly no well I mean a lot
of people they do [ __ ] on religion
because they seem to I think a lot of
people have credit it with a poor or
like a more poor method of thinking
about things where they see like it's
just like the God of gaps you know
you're always gonna just say we don't
have the answer at this point in time so
we're gonna develop you know a made-up
story and people have a problem with
that because now yes you have a lot more
science developments and we can have
better answers than we did before
yeah I would agree with that so so what
if I guess what is your biggest gripe
with faith one more time like if you
don't really do you agree with is that
like your biggest gripe is that it seems
like it's like a poor way of reasoning
about truth or knowledge claims yeah
it's really antiquated I would say like
having faith for things that like can't
possibly be tested and can't comport
with like our current understanding of
reality or whatever isn't probably not
good okay cool um so I guess one thing
is
for me it kind of relates to the first
premise where it's like the fact that we
understand that even if you know we were
not we were more developed a society you
know thousand years in the future
oh yeah access to you know new theorems
or whatnot like we I think we we
admitted that we can't have claims about
everything so the concept of faith
instead of just being viewed as an
antiquated concept which it is for some
people it is right like that exists
where people ignore logic or reason they
just say why I choose to have faith in
this and I'm not saying that that's a
good thing I'm trying to say that faith
as a concept can be justified in certain
contexts with like giving like premises
or like presuppositions the one of them
one of them being that you can't have
knowledge about everything sure but I
mean like we're taking we're we're we're
I feel like we're playing a linguistic
game now and I'm not gonna probably
disagree with you so like for instance
we have like faith in the laws of logic
right like we have faith that deductive
reasoning will always work we have faith
that like causality it will always be a
thing and like that's a type of faith
but I don't think that faith is the same
type of faith as a faith that like
denies our current observations or is
untestable and it's like just totally
originates from them I like I think
these are two different types of things
we're using the same word for them but I
think they're very different um I wasn't
really talking about like faith of like
cause and effect like I would think that
that's like an observable like a posture
like law or whatever you want to call
like you can observe that and or like
say even more that it's like what types
of faith you're talking about that I'm
curious those things which cannot really
be answered by science so metaphysical
questions are like things that relate to
some of the most important questions of
the human condition like just happen to
be things that aren't easy the answer is
easy to answer like questions of meaning
or purpose of you know the universe
personal identity things like that those
two pressing questions for a lot of
people sure and they're so like in terms
of just like general importance a lot of
people might agree you know these are
important questions we wish we could
have the answer to these questions but
it doesn't look like science can can
answer that even if just like science
not science right now science in the
future it doesn't look like it can ever
give us a clear answer
so if that's the case if there are
domains of knowledge which are into
flight incredibly important you might
call them like metaphysical domains or
like things like aesthetics or like if
there are domains that are untouchable
by science which I think a lot of people
agree with I know some like philosophers
or like even scientists a lot of them
would probably agree with this premise
faith as a concept I think is
reaffirming in that in that in that
sense because think you can't just say
like okay faith is just a poor concept
it's a support method of thinking yeah I
don't I don't I'm not gonna disagree
with any of this but the problem is that
like we're like faith never faith has a
nasty habit of creeping into domains
where it doesn't belong so if somebody
wanted to say I believe that once we die
we all go to an afterlife and that's my
belief if somebody wants to say that
[ __ ] and that's fine I can't like I
can't really disagree with you like what
happens to us after death or what
happens to us like outside of our
existence is probably a question that I
don't think we'll ever fall within the
purview of like like like materialistic
human knowledge I don't I personally
don't think so I could be wrong but I
don't think so but the problem is they
never stay there like a faith based
belief like that will never stay in that
area they'll start making other claims
about like the material world and that's
when I have a big problem is when you
are when you when you're when your
faith-based claims that should just be
dealing with like meta properties or
things outside of the of the boundaries
of what human knowledge can be start to
creep into what humans can know then we
have like a big problem I think so like
for instance like can people come back
from the dead like Jesus or you know is
it our vaccines bad for your children
because you can't have like foreign
things in your body or you know stuff
like that now we're running into big
problems anything um I think a lot
that's fair I just think I feel like in
modern society the scale is tipped so
heavily against these concepts which is
understandable given like the the
massive success you could say shape it
into like science technology but you
look at people like I don't know a lot
of people in the public arena especially
who are like one one example just one
examples like sam Harris's book like the
end of faith
or he literally shifts on the entire
concept of faith and religion and like
organized religion so I don't know if
you're familiar with like the general
thesis of that book but I think it's I
think you might be able to infer it from
the name sure I mean I have no respect
for sam Harris he's a stupid [ __ ]
hack I hate him but yeah the thing is
like not just him though I think there a
lot of people who can like the reason
why I think this book is successful is I
think that it's calling to a certain
sentiment in like modern society which
is I think a lot of people might appeal
to so even if sam Harris might be stupid
with respect to a lot of things like I
don't know like people like him who else
like people in that vein a lot of like
anti religious people are getting like
strong I think it's kind of an unknown
to view so I the what big problem I have
is like for him he doesn't really
disassociate between organized religion
and religion as like a pure concept if
that makes any sense
yeah sure so a lot of people you just
bring up the word religion and they tend
to just assume certain things like an
anthropomorphic guy with a beard you
know like the Christian I would say the
let's are probably maybe it's not fair
to everybody but I'd say that's probably
a pretty fair assumption today in the
United States like if someone says
they're religious there's like way like
I think like seventy percent of
Americans are like Christian or
something that's a fair like they're
probably gonna be more like in line with
some Christian theology than just like
spiritual or something right mm-hmm well
I think that's kind of a problem I don't
know like what do you think of that
assuming that if someone says they're
religious they're like Christian or well
but just the fact that the semantic
meaning of the word is is like almost
being ascribed for something that it's
not necessarily it not necessarily is
it's for example like there's a lot of
philosophical descriptions of of God
that aren't or not you know just like an
anthropomorphic you know yeah kind of
but I would also wait like something
like I would wait something like that
differently as well like um like Kant
arriving I like his like more realism
through through reason I think is more
valuable than somebody just like
inventing a story for a god as well like
even though these are both you know
quote unquote
faith like I mean I would I would I feel
like these are still fundamentally
different types of reasoning processes
but I think I completely agree for the
most part but I think that I'm not
really talking about like organized
religion I think it's more it's more
like the pure concept of there being
some greater power by itself and being
able to understand one out when that's
separable from you know Christian God
and maybe a more narrow view of like
organized religion by itself okay way
it's helpful to look so like I don't I
don't think we disagree on like any of
the helpful things but like this is like
nah I don't think 99% of atheist would
care about this right like the problem
isn't like you have a God didn't use him
to make sense of the unanswerable
questions of the world like this is a
god of the gaps argument and in this
case these gaps are fine these sorts of
metaphysical gaps or whatever are
probably okay for a higher power to
occupy the problem is that people will
take that view of God and then they will
begin to make claims about the material
world based on that that that type of
faith do you think that that's an okay
thing or do you think that's not an okay
thing because this is where like most it
depends what types of claims are making
right
are they claims that could be measured
by science so like for instance let's
say in one hand we have a child that has
a certain type of illness we can use we
can we can use a study of medicine to
figure out if we can cure them or we can
rely on like faith and prayer do you
think that like do you think that using
faith we can make a decision on whether
or not we should rely on on faith and
prayer or should we use cyan't wait okay
so why not in this case oh wait wait if
you got one word I think I'm agreeing
with you that you shouldn't yeah so but
why um
because again like a lot of these things
that faith applies to are not gonna be
as relevant in terms of day to day like
phenomenal world and what you can
actually do yeah so like I D so in that
so in that sense then we have like no
disagreement like if somebody wants to
use their faith to only analyze
positions that are literally untouchable
by science that's probably fine that
sounds like a good application of faith
but that's not I don't think that's what
most people's problems are like these
like meta claims end up like heavily
informing people's like understandings
of the physical world which is probably
not good so then if faith were restraint
to like a logical usage of it where
you're not you know or extrapolating its
purpose and would you consider yourself
like more open to religion and like a
pure concept of it or would you just say
yeah of course for sure you I mean you
have to have something outside the
bounds of like are not current
understanding you have to write science
can't tell you what happens after you
die or what the meaning of life is or
make any type of like ethics claim a
moral claim saying oh I'm actually
pretty surprised at you you agree with
that um so is it is it more is it for
use it more like the you know the
negative effects that you see in
organized religions a little uh negative
you know methods of thinking about
things or you feel like rationality and
reason ER or almost put aside for faith
is it well you mainly have a problem
with yeah of course okay so I mean I
just feel like the general consensus
were religion is subscribed to like you
know it's a very almost narrow scope
because religion is a pure concept and
like or like in philosophy like God
isn't you know the definition of God
isn't restricted like that but I feel
like modern society almost like
semantically we see like implicitly
people are ascribing very specific
intuitions about what about what it
might be and I don't know if that's you
know the best thing to do and I'm sorry
can you repeat the last thing you just
end up just like in modern society
people tend to ascribe certain
intuitions or like implicit thoughts
about when they're talking about
religion they might have a very specific
idea and they don't they don't you know
in philosophy for example God is
typically defined in that way it's kept
brother rather general and so like I
don't know like how do you how do you
address that problem because I mean
there is you keep your God like out of
like any sort of like realm that like
like empirical observation or something
should be occupying I don't think
there's a problem like okay that's fine
it's more so like just like general
discourse in society like people people
attribute these things without properly
defining I guess their terms first
well yeah but again like I think it's
fair to assume that if somebody says
they're religious they're probably
Christian they're not just like
spiritual right like I think that's
probably a fair assumption to make in
terms of the type of religion that a
person is yeah I guess that's part of
the Sigma I'd like to push against okay
well I mean then you have to make like a
whole lot less people like Christians I
guess because I don't see people for
instance that are spirit
like being against like gay marriage
like I don't think that just being
spiritual gets you there but a lot of
like theological place as well okay but
I mean like generally making those kinds
of assumptions like if someone just says
they're religious I don't know just like
I mean this is this is thethis is giving
me a flashback to like one of your past
videos where you talked about race and
assumptions of race like isn't it is it
not the same idea like just because you
know Christianity is a dominant religion
you know when someone says they're
religious
you shouldn't ascribe or assume that
that's I don't know it just seems like
it's not a fan of that because I feel
like religious as a religion as the pure
concept is is uh you know a lot more can
be a lot more productive than wait okay
wait so what exactly are you saying I'm
just saying I don't generally like the
like the process by which people tend to
just assume that religion is associated
with one of these popular organized
religions or modern Christianity when I
think that the concept of religion
itself should be more generally it
should be closer to the philosophical
you know general description of religion
or God where it's it's not ascribing to
like an anthropomorphic you know
Christian God off the bat I don't really
like those assumptions or for the fact
that just because it's a dominant view
that's that's gonna be the occu that's
gonna occupy like the semantic meaning
of the word right or it should does that
make any sense
a little bit I I like I guess yeah
you're saying that like you wish that
when people said religious they wouldn't
think of just Christianity because it's
not it's more than that right it's like
it can be yeah but yeah but I mean like
today in the United States in a common
vernacular it's just not how it's used
I mean I understand I wish that people
wouldn't say begging the question when
they just mean raising the question but
I mean that's like I think a lot of I
think a lot of philosophical traditions
like contour Hegel were very influenced
by the Christian tradition of God but I
think like there are a lot more
sophisticated views of spirituality or
religion that you know transcend just
like historical Christian God and so for
me it's like kind of frustrating a lot
of time when you know people just assume
yeah that that is the totality of
religion I mean you can look at views
like pantheism which is like a
philosophical more philosophical view on
on God which is so incredibly like
general or or different from anything we
have now but that was like that's a
pretty interesting concept by itself you
know yeah I guess so so I mean at the
end of the day wait are we just arguing
that we don't like the common vernacular
of how religion is using United States
well I'm trying to like I don't know
like I mean I think you concede it I was
surprised that you concede it so quickly
that you were you were more open to
religion given this constructor
framework that's less you know assuming
so I think that's that's cool I mean I
mean I think any reasonable person hats
but you would have to be highly
unreasonable to say that like there are
uh need not be religious no - so the
like the syllogism or whatever like how
would walk if there's like one everybody
has to concede that not all questions
are answerable by science unless you're
[ __ ] Sam Harris or some [ __ ] you
just you have to give that so - we have
to accept that there are unanswerable
questions or they see me seemingly
unanswerable questions that people want
answered so for instance what is the
meaning of life you know what is the
what is our purpose for living right and
then three we have to accept that there
must be like some system that we can
generate - or there must be some system
we can have that will like generate
answers to these types of questions
which is
for some people it's religion for some
people it's morale you know other types
of more realism or whatever and then we
just a big big metaphysical claims sure
yeah so then we just acknowledge that
there's like there's obviously a use
there right like we do everything in
society at least I believe we do
everything in society we create
categories who recognize universal
concepts because they have some use for
mankind whether it's real or not so like
yeah I don't I think it's pretty easy to
get to a party like oh yeah like
religion can provide a value like
there's a value that that can't be
provided by anything else yeah I think
you I think that all of that has to
logic well I'd be amazed so there's a
single person that could disagree like
any part of that well that's I think
that's really awesome that that we agree
on that but I guess I'm going one step
further than in terms of just like
trivial semantics for like
colloquialisms and how how how you
approach religion then I think that when
you say religion and this like religion
should be viewed in this light naturally
has a basis like this framework that you
just spelled out uh-huh which seems
pretty obvious like it's pretty
reasonable steps upon each other um I
wish that was a frame I think it ought
to be the frame through which religion
is viewed in the modern like you know in
a modern era of like science technology
but I think that it's not the case
unfortunately so do you agree with that
like you do you agree that when when you
talk about religion it should be like
this basic framework of like you know
religious knowledge lies in the domain
of knowledge that is valid to have faith
in you know the concept of faith isn't
just or method of thinking it can be but
it also has justification in certain
contexts yeah I mean I don't I don't
like I don't disagree with you but I
mean like the the fault doesn't rely
with the Atheist the fault relies with
the religious people like religious
people have taken religion and make it a
really cancerous concept that I would
like for further people almost just be
without at this point but but I mean
like yeah I'd be great if people could
just use like theology to answer the
unanswerable and then leave everything
else in the realm of like reason but I
mean it is a joint effort isn't it like
there are a lot of no I don't think so I
think it squarely falls into the into
the shoulders of Christian people right
now like I know if maybe if scientists
understand this framework of religion
but then they keep treating religion in
the more narrowed and it's more narrowed
kind of
terminology or I mean I think science I
think scientists already do that already
right like look at how many people like
I think came that American the majority
of scientists even are religious I don't
think that there's like this huge
atheist scientific community I just
think that scientists are typically are
usually better at like
compartmentalizing their beliefs like
they're religious but they don't think
that like religion explains the whatever
scientific field they work in you know
true I don't know it's the way I see it
now I think that it's kind of dangerous
where like you see a lot of bad like no
one's denying the bad aspects of
religion like organized religion has
been used throughout history for a lot
of terrible things you know dogmatism
and just like but that's not really a
fault of religion as a pure concepts
it's more right that's just a fault of
you know human power trying to abuse
things and control things as it always
does so I wishes people would separate
those two concepts more if that makes
sense like is that sure even now it's
like you know yeah I mean it I guess I
don't think I disagree like I like
you're just I mean like as soon as
religion as soon as religion like stops
being cancerous then like yeah we'd stop
treating it cancer asleep but right now
like religion generally is used for like
really cancer should of the US and then
like it sounds like you're just you're
like really upset that like people use a
word to like it's common vernacular and
I agree that it'd be cool if it wasn't
used that way but I mean I have no
control over that
right like I mean that's like saying
that there'll be like getting like
complain like I don't like how black is
used to describe black people because
blah blah blah it's like okay I mean I
guess but like that's that's just like
the vernacular that we use right now
like I can't do anything about that or I
don't know yeah right like I don't yeah
I don't know I don't know how to
approach that topic like I'd be nice if
people didn't see religion as only
Christianity or only like Abrahamic
religions or like only like
anthropomorphize godlike figures
whatever but it's just that's how it
goes right now so I don't know what to
say yeah I guess like one last question
is your moral views like you still
consider yourself a psychological egoist
yeah I guess so
okay can you briefly run through why I'm
fault line I think when it comes to like
ethics I think we're all non
cognitivists like we basically just find
things that we like and then we just
kind of like we try to develop like a
moral system that consistently generates
answers that we like I think all
morality is post hoc rationalize
so do you think like we you know we just
can't look past our heuristics ever or
like it's how what you're saying like I
think that we have things that we like
and those things will always be the sole
thing that informs our moral codes I
think so yeah so I mean I know it seems
pretty radical to think that it does but
like there's like in the context of our
lastest yet so here's like the easiest
way to like prove that ever is like if I
take any moral system that like ever
exists ever and I am able let's say I'm
like that I have like pure reason in my
brain cotton like is reincarnated and
the ultimate form of pure reason oh yeah
and then as that happens let's say that
I'm able to show with this moral system
that actually like the optimal moral
decision is to rape all children
constantly what is more likely that the
followers of that moral system are going
to say like okay we understand what's
going on we're gonna rape all children
costly or that as a non cognitivist
they'll say oh well actually wait this
feels like [ __ ] like I need a new moral
system this sucks
like I feel like it would always be the
latter and never the former that our
morals are really just a statement of
things that we prefer and that's it it's
nothing more than that they would never
gonna let a moral system take us to
something that we wouldn't have a
preference for otherwise okay so in the
context of like the fact of conceding
that there might be you know some kind
of transcendental you know metaphysical
truth maybe mm-hm
you know in the fact that we can't
necessarily know about it through
science does that change anything like
does that does that influence anything I
mean I don't I don't believe in the
non-physical right so like I'm a total
materialist so I wouldn't I don't think
if there is some sort of like
transcendental like meta ethics thing
that we would that exist I don't think
we can access it or know about it okay
so for you do you believe that just
because our heuristics might influence
in a certain way like what is that he
seems to be making like a positive claim
that therefore they're invalid or like
they're no they're valid but I don't
think that they're a statement on like
I've done like accessing like moral
truth or anything okay so I mean how how
do you moral truth as like some
objective like just like I I think like
everything in meta ethics is complete
totally arbitrary and fabricated
everything in meta ethics everything
yeah every meta ethic every like every
single medical claim is he's human
constructed in a non cognitivist way
that's a lot of a lot of method meta
ethics is like very closely informed by
neuroscience now I know what that's not
possible
well a lot of the recent work is I think
they're trying to take a more and try to
include a more neuroscience like
approach as well
well yeah somehow but you it's it's
literally not possible but how do you
think that why is it not possible
because you can't find what is good by
by poking the human brain there's just
no way to discover that well a lot of
meta ethics is like concerned with the
like the the presupposed like process
through which we even arrive at moral
like intuitions or whatnot and so a lot
of the question is like how where do
those intuitions come from and for a lot
of people there's like two different
schools of thought like one of them is
that you know these they come or they
come from like a contine tradition or
yeah but like why should we why are
these intuitions telling us what's good
that would be the meta ethical claim
right well a lot of methods is also just
where do we even get these claims from
we're like what part that I coming from
the rational enterprise are they coming
from like physiological emotions right
and so a lot of that is linked to the
brain in terms of like where do these
ideas originate from um and I think that
some of that is being you know looked at
because it's it's relevant to like a lot
of that human content and of like
dichotomy almost where you're trying to
look at where were these moral moral
facts even even come from oh my god I
just I'd be super interested that's like
nail you definitely could like give me
an example if I could ever get like some
moral facts from like analyzing
somebody's brain like how would that
even work
um I mean look at Jonathan Hyatt so for
example there's this guy who's pretty
popular he's a social psychologist in
like New York or
so he was very influential in his view
of like social intuition ISM he so for
him he believes that moral judgments
right mm-hmm are coming from these kind
of intuitive more automatic processes
rather than conscious reasoning so for
him he would be more unlikely in Cumaean
camp you could say yeah but like even at
this I would have to say like okay so he
I think he looked at um those processes
like because it's based off intuition or
like an automatic process that
originates in the brain he was able to
do and I don't know the details but he
was able to look a lot so why a lot of
it is very related to like like moral
psychology is complicate Newfield I feel
like we're the they're looking at so I
guess maybe I would've been a better
terms using like neuroscience but
they're looking at you know the brain
and maybe how its I'm assuming how it
gets active in certain sure but like
again like even like I can go back here
and I can say again like let's say that
we poke the brain and we find that the
optimal brain state is like skinning
alive like other children like is this
like is this a view that we're gonna
embrace are we really gonna feel like oh
well we poke the brain now we figured
out like how we can define what is
goodness I feel like that would never
happen I feel like we'd we retreat to
our non cognitive approach again and we
would say okay well we don't care about
any of that actually because this feels
wrong and well I don't think that
torturing children does like if you
studied the brain and its activity I
don't think you do associate that with
like so I think there are things like
why like the social like it's like the
intuition intuitionist models popular I
think that you see like some certain
like fundamental things that tense it
like come up again and again in studies
how but what would like if is it what if
this is like relativistic or
relativistic what if this is like a
relative like what if when we go back in
society what if we find that what if we
find that that certain people were more
friendly towards concepts like slavery
or something because of like the time
period they existed and the social
conditioning like how do we even begin
to tease that out like we can't unless
with them like short of taking like a
human baby and raising it an isolate
to see like what perfect like flawless
objective morals it would arrive out
like how would we even begin to do that
um I think yeah I mean I think a lot of
it is the fact that I don't think we
know enough about the brain to to you
know reach very definitive answers I
think like I think we're very we're
still on a very like cliff or like this
huge precipice I don't know like but I
think that what they're trying to do at
least just intuitive like what they're
trying to do methodologically is start
to incorporate more evidence that might
get garner more respect from like the
sciences or where you look at you can
measure activity in certain ways and
just try to see if it aligns with the
generation of certain moral facts and if
you see that happening enough times like
perhaps I mean like I don't know if we
can't go back in time and study like
racism uh people in that night time but
you could take somebody who is racist
now and maybe like look at the activity
in their brand and I think you would be
able to see like relativistic tendencies
obviously but how do we determine which
the rain is like how do we determine
which brain is like the moral one um
well ideally it wouldn't you test a
bunch of different people that have very
different principles and maybe you still
try to look for the were there is
crossover if any and then try to discern
perhaps like if there are any like
fundamental or certain like moral facts
that are more fundamental than others so
maybe like maybe they recognize for
racist people that they have a certain
activity in one region of the brain but
that's you know that's a more like a you
know it's not a very common phenomenon
when they when they when they study for
a wide range of people and that would be
I think a good sign or like you could
try to like approach it that way yeah
okay maybe but I mean this all started
because of like the general claim I was
trying to say that mm-hmm
you know most psychology is an emerging
field and like meta ethics sure so
yeah I don't know why why are you so
surprised by well I still I still don't
think that like I like this idea of like
analyzing brain states to figure out
like optimal like to figure out like any
moral fact just seems like not like like
not a thing to me I guess like you'd
still have to make like decisions on
like which brain states you're
preferring like one over the other and
all of those seem like they would become
incredibly circular like I don't but I
bet that's like a much deeper
conversation I guess then I feel like
I'm a right now so yeah so I mean like
to say like psychological egoism is
justified because we can't know like we
can't ever know the ultimate truth of
everything it just seems a little bit
hyperbolic I don't like like why would
you lean so far in that direction
instead of like a more balanced like
well I think my claim is much easier my
claim is just that since we can't no
moral fact but speak to preferences but
I mean if you want to make the positive
assertion that we can no moral fact when
I'd be very curious to hear like how you
how do you come to know what is like
moral fact which if you could answer
that you would like literally solve
philosophy right like well I mean I
think a lot of the problem with
skepticism is that you you you tend to
give yourself less onus because of a
sceptical position then you actually
need to make that to hold that position
like you need to like your position is
as valence as the position that there
are moral facts so like you need to make
a positive argument for why there but I
thought moral facts I feel like the I
feel like that I don't think so I mean
like you're the one maybe the positive
claim because you're the one making the
positive claim but this is a foul isn't
it's not this is not a fallacy where
it's like I mean whether the truth
doesn't care who's making the claim so
in making the claim even if you're
making the claim in response and saying
okay there are no moral acts you still
have the same level of valence to your
claim where you need to justify it in
one way or the other with positive like
statements though I don't think so
why on
because are you saying that all claims
like negative and positive like things
that people say and like are all like
equal like that just seems like not true
to me no it's just a general problem I
have with skepticism is that they it it
seems like they give the skepticism self
less less onus and they then they
actually need to justify their position
like you're well but I'm not gonna just
for anything I'm maintaining that like I
don't think moral fact exists much like
there's probably a number of other facts
that I don't think exists like Star Wars
facts I don't think that's but do you
not see how that position is equally as
a valence as saying that or like you
need to you need to derive positive like
a positive framework to to have more
knowing why do I need it why do I need a
positive framework for morality I don't
need that the same would need to show
that morality does not exist would you
make the claim about any other life
would you make the claim about any other
types of existences or any other like
existence of some fact like if I wanted
to talk about like matrix facts like do
matrices no no like them like the matrix
universe like the movie like if I wanted
to make like I wanted to make claims
about like a world like this is it is
the onus on both of us to like make
these claims if I say it does exist and
you say it doesn't like well how can it
not exist you need to you need to
justify that I don't think that's true
um wait so I can you repeat that so like
if you're the one putting forth if
you're the one putting forth the claim
that something exists then I think that
you're the one that needs to to justify
that thing's existence I don't have to
like justify the negative can you give
like a practical example or a different
example than morality really quickly
like anything make the matrix Star Trek
any any claim if you if you claim that
anything exists and then I say that well
I don't think it does and go will prove
that it doesn't I mean I can't do that
how could I prove how could I didn't how
can I deny the existence of moral fact
how can I prove that like moral fact
doesn't exist how could I even begin to
do that well it's not it's not about
proving it's about maintaining a
position by giving your you have to you
still have to supply positive arguments
why um why moral facts don't exist now I
don't I have no need for moral facts why
would I need to supply an argument for
they don't exist because otherwise you
have no
since for your for what you're saying I
mean what do you reasons for whatever
you like you still have to justify your
claim in some way no like in a basic
level like you have to give you have
reasons why you believe what you believe
any and like you have reasons why you
believe moral facts can't be why I don't
need reasons to believe why why more
effect doesn't exist I would need a
reason to believe what they do exist
right reasons for both wouldn't you know
you don't have a reason for why
something doesn't exist I think I don't
think so right I don't know it feels a
little bit i feels like a I don't know
it feels a little bit like you're
cheating like the sceptical position can
just say I mean what could you or are
deep your default position you would
agree that your default position is like
skeptical on everything right like you
that's your default and unless provided
an argument otherwise right I mean I
guess like full-on dick hard
maybe not but way deep so I think it's
good okay I don't know hmm okay so so
like so the the problem I have is like I
feel like you can just say I don't
believe in more facts I don't need to
justify any reason why I don't believe
in morality so therefore I can be
psychologically egoist seems a little
bit vac use I don't know well but but
you have no months for the existence of
moral fact and it seems to me like
evident that there are no more facts and
you can't point it I can't give
arguments I was just trying to ask what
your arguments against them well we
would then well I so my default position
would be to be skeptical of anything of
course as your default is to be
skeptical of something okay so I mean
just in general like you believe like in
normativity as a concept what do you
mean by normativity I'll look up a
simple definition like just like
normative statement establishing
relating to like standard or norm so I'm
thinking normative in terms like like
finding good you know like I think I
don't think normative necessarily means
good but I do believe like a normative
statements I think yeah okay so I mean
here's the definition for more Kapadia
so normative generally means of relating
value defended
Armagh tivity is a phenomenon in human
societies of designating some actions or
outcomes as good or desirable or
permissible no condors as bad or okay
yeah those aren't necessarily that those
words though bad or good aren't
necessarily moral so like for instance a
normative claim here would be something
like like it would be good to fill the
glass up in order to fill it full of
waters am i right like that's not
necessarily a moral claim right the
reason I bring it up is because I think
that one framework that was developed by
a philosopher Christine Korres guard I
think what she tried to do was develop a
theory of normativity that almost
paralleled a moral kind of argument as
well where for her like a normative
argument in terms of just basic things
like finding a a good chair to sit in
for example right huh this is just a
practical problem that comes up in in
the empirical world you know you might
have a problem where you are tired and
you want to sit in something and so like
normativity in that sense might be
something that is just a good solution
to a given yeah yeah yeah of course yeah
I realizes that arises in the phenomenal
world and I think the step she made and
obviously I don't know all the specifics
but like it was kind of an interesting
idea is that you can actually associate
the same type of framework on morality
it's not that different in fact humans
so you might have like the problem of
you want to sit down in which case it's
a very physical problem like you need to
find a good chair or suitable you know
device to sit in or you might have like
a bowl of soup and a good normative
solution might be like a spoon is good
at you know bringing a carrying soup to
your mouth so it as an object it has a
normative purpose in that sense you know
it's a good solution to a problem
so I think the step she made was to say
that morality is so different because
humans are beings that you know appear
in the phenomenal world and humans have
problems that are happened to be more
complicated than your everyday problems
but normativity is a concept and for
morality you can also just have view it
in that same in that similar type of
lens I think where you look at maybe the
best solutions to some kind of
phenomenal issues and then you say what
is normative or so your normative theory
of what is good might be associated with
the solution those issues which happen
to be very human problems okay
okay hold on I'm super lost okay hit me
up with your twenty second argument in
favor of a meta ethical position go or
one more realism whatever on some the
existence of moral fact it's basically
like you can take a normative theory of
what it's good and give an example like
you have some kind of phenomenal problem
experience yeah like give me an example
of that and okay so you have you want to
eat soup a good normative solution might
be a spoon as a device because it's good
at doing it's served purpose right so
this is kind of like I think like an
Arizonian facet of life purpose or you
might want you might have this problem
where you want to sit down and a
normative solution might be finding a
suitable do you think that those
normative solutions are the same as
moral fact well that was a jump she was
making because yeah but III I guess I
don't agree with that you may I mean I
mean humans aren't humans are just
empirical beings right we're just like
other other issues that arrive that that
arise in the universe we're just we have
our own issues that arise or phenomenal
entities so why do you ascribe the
difference like normativity as a concept
can be similar in that sense between
humans and obviously we're gonna have
more complicated problems but there is
still like normativity can be applied to
moral issues do not you agree or the
I don't I guess like why can you state a
normative like I'm a moral thing this
this way like so France if I say like in
order to sit in the chair I need to like
bend my legs and put my ass on the chair
like that would be like it like a
normative statement but now give me an
example of that with with morals and
then and then we can see the problem so
like for instance like the idea of like
I need to like in order to sit in a
chair where we understand sitting in
chair is like the like the interaction
of two physical objects like nothing
here it is weird like we have like our
our very basic understanding our very
basic like metaphysical understanding
and our very basic like epistemic
understandings and then we can arrive
here using reason right but now we say
in order to be a good person I need to
do this thing well hold on what does
good person mean good person is not the
same as sitting in a chair right we're
sitting in the chair
doesn't require the invention of any
sort of of other type of fact right we
can take our physical understanding of
the world and our basic understanding of
knowledge and we can have a bit
normative claim of sig and chair but if
you say in order to be a good person
what does it mean to be a good person
what did that come from that's the
question
well here normativity is being used I
think for for both ends where what is
what is good is what is a good solution
to the problem so how is a problem a
problem though any kind of problem that
humans might engage with why is that so
different from the problem of I need to
sit somewhere because I'm tired well
because now you're almost entirely
begging the question like so let's say
is it good to murder a person how how do
I figure out if that's good or not so
what would be the problem the problem
being well that's I'm asking you what is
the problem if I want to murder a person
or is it good to murder a person well
how do we evaluate that statement using
normativity um so I guess what the
circumstance would be like you you need
to murder this person for what ends and
then that's it and then if again asking
yourself if murdering that person would
be a good solution to whatever purpose
you have initially with oh sure so like
but that kind of normativity doesn't
involve any moral fact does it like if
it's to an end like I need to murder
this person in order to win my assassin
award well we don't need moral fact for
that to evaluate that normativity
well maybe not like a you know
versal like transcendental more fact but
you haven't I think like a normative
grounding that kind of arises naturally
okay well let's say that let's say that
we've grounded ourselves here how do I
get to any type of virtuosity using this
normative ground and where do I ever get
to where do I ever find a moral fact
using this method or how do I ever be
able to make an oral statement using
this method of building like mmm that
which that you know human action which
supplies you know the greatest whatever
problem I wasn't gonna say utility but
like it depends on the issue like so the
issue of light so like here we've
already moved on well the promise now
we've moved from Metta ethics into
normative ethics though like now we're
trying to figure out what what is the
best way like what is the best thing to
solve whatever problem well that now
we're in normative ethics but let's back
up we're still in meta ethics I'm trying
to ask why should we even value that why
is the solution that produces like a
good amount of goodness whatever that
even means freeman's why should we value
that why is that something that ought to
be valued where is our moral fact how is
this even a good thing so that the job
you can make is that moral moral
questions don't have to be distinct from
normative basic questions that you might
encounter in terms of like of a basic
like issue like why is it different from
the issue of like a basic utility issue
like I because one involves tool to
serve an ends because one is just to
have a problem because one is just like
a statement involving physical things
and objects in this world and the other
is involving moral fact which I don't
believe exists well they don't have to
they don't have to UM exist they don't
this because if they don't have to exist
that I've got you on board with moral
anti-realism
because now we're now we're in
anti-realism now you can take on error
theory if you want you could say well
even if they don't exist we could still
create you know moral codes but I prefer
facts and moral facts in the sense that
there are hypothetically you know better
actions to solve moral problems and
others what is a moral problem yeah I
don't know any problem like the problem
of personal what's the word like if you
have some property and you feel entitled
to it
okay how do we use this normative thing
to ever figure out if I'm entitled to
property or not so the problem would
arise if someone would steal your
property this is create some kind of
inconsistency is there a better way to
or just even like in the case of murder
um I don't know like if you pick an
example and I can try to outline murder
okay so the problem would be is this
going to create the best end for
whatever purpose you're trying to serve
okay so your your in wouldn't okay if I
hold on okay we're a normative ethics
now do you earn it
right am I wrong on that but why do that
you have to be distinct inherently like
why can't normativity be because meta
ethics is normative ethics are answered
two different questions right so meta
ethics is the question of what is
goodness or how can we figure out what
goodness is normative ethics is what's
the best framework through which to
apply goodness right now you're
providing me with frameworks through
which we can apply goodness so when we
ask the murder question what's the best
way to avoid murder well this is a
question of normative ethics but I'm
asking you how can you tell me that
murder is even wrong that involves some
moral fact that we have to be at the
meta ethical level to discuss that's
what I don't understand that's what I
don't believe in
well the metaphysical link was the fact
that moral issues don't have to be
viewed as distinct from any other type
of situation where you have a problem
and a suitable solution but that but if
you're telling me that those moral
issues aren't distinct from normal
physical issues then you were telling
you that moral fact doesn't exist
basically if they're not distinct right
why is everyone just doesn't equivocate
that there are moral positively but well
do you think like for me to sit in a
chair do you think amoral factors
involved in that in order for me to sit
in a chair I have to like bend my legs
and sit down it was more so the idea
that like the chair is a good solution
to your problem so maybe not and not
specific like okay let's say that the
chore isn't normativity in itself yeah
the chair is a the chair is a good
solution to that problem does that is
that is there a moral fact involved in
that statement
maybe not in this one trivial case but
in the actual concept of normal
normativity itself being applied to
different area different aspects of more
more complicated human yeah so I'm just
trying to use I'm just trying to find a
single example of that how can you apply
that framework and generate some more
fact um by understanding that whatever
problem you have usually killing the
other person will not be the best
solution to that property to find best
the same way you I mean the same way you
define like the idea is like issues like
sitting in a chair or that they seem to
have simple solutions like why do moral
solutions have to be viewed in a
different vein entirely they're both
phenomenal situations that arise because
when we say best in terms of a chair
we're usually talking about satisfying
some physical description when we talk
about best insofar as whether or not
it's okay to do a moral action we're
usually trying to satisfy some moral
condition I feel like these two things
are different one falls in the realm of
metaphysics one falls in the realm of
meta ethics when we say is it good to
sit in a chair because a chair satisfies
your desire to sit that's like a
physical description that requires no
moral fact when we say it's bad to kill
a human because killing people is bad
that seems to involve a moral fact that
has to be investigated the emetics that
seems to be the case okay but in both
cases is there not a given problem that
has some ideal solution or some ideal
form of a solution likewise I know I
believe that one is unsolvable that's my
whole point that's why man anti-realist
I don't believe there is a solution the
question the question is more like
should I murder someone ought I to
murder someone I would say that's
undefined you can't there's no solution
for that should you murder someone why
you think you have to give more context
is it what is it virtuous to murder
someone is it right or wrong to murder
someone what is the context like for
what end right because of poverty and
for a recreational life for recreation
so your problem is I'm bored and so
therefore I will murder someone yeah it
would be entertaining from in this case
I think you could you could easily
determine in that that this is not a
good solution to your problem like the
expected consequences or of the
consequences and you're doing but that's
not true if the consequence is that I
would be very entertained by murdering
someone and my
and I'm bored then it that seems like it
would be a good solution the harm you're
right like you're in you're violating
other person's autonomy well yeah but
hold on but now you're begging the
you're begging the question hard why do
I care about violating other versus
autonomy where did any of the now you're
bringing in moral facts that we never
like established we can go even more
fundamental if you want where do you get
to a person's autonomy out how do we
ever establish that as something that
ought to be morally valued like the fact
that you you think that moral beliefs
and normative beliefs are just
completely fabricated I think that most
like not to go back to like moral
psychology too much like most of the
moral psychology doesn't take that
approach right they don't take that
hyperbolic of an approach well like in
this but I feel like I've adequately
demonstrated that I feel like you
haven't satisfactorily answered that
question so my demonstration of this is
is that when I talk about it would be
good I'm using that word good there it
would be good to have a chair to satisfy
my desire to sit that's a different type
of that goodness right there that
statement could be evaluated by a
machine that a computer could have code
that could evaluate that because we
would it we would give it like a
metaphysical understanding it would
understand what can be we would give an
epistemic understandings I would
understand how to generate rational
truthful statements and then we would
say I need to satisfy a desire to to sit
what would be good for that and using
only physical statements it would see ah
a chair a chair would satisfy that
desire to sit I don't need any moral
fact to establish that all using the
word good then you're also saying we're
using that same concept of normativity i
could say it would be good to murder
someone where it would be good to not
murder someone well how could I feed
that into a computer how could I say
it's good or not good to murder someone
I'm involving a moral fact there because
when I say it'd be good to sit in a
chair I can evaluate that just using an
understanding of the physical world
would it would sit would sitting in a
chair satisfy my desire to sit somewhere
yes it would now would murder somebody
satisfy what satisfy some moral ought
satisfy some world fact satisfy some
will claim where is that coming from I
think that these two types of good are
totally different I think that my
question there I think I think
demonstrates a meaningful difference are
they totally different they're like when
you catch a wave it you can just ask me
are they I just demonstrated that they
were they make claims on us right like
when we invoke some kind of
moral fact at least we're making some
kind of normative claim like we ought to
act this way and so we're saying this
action you know this action might be
better than another action because it
might you know have a have a it might
serve a good purpose and more so it we
ought to do it right you're making that
similar vein of a claim I don't think I
think we're using I think that we're
playing a language game loan and it's
hiding what we mean by these words if I
say you ought to sit in a chair because
it satisfies your urge to sit that's a
different type of odd even though the
word is the same that's a different type
of odd as you ought to respect your
mother and father I think these two
think these two arts I think are very
different from one another one is a
moral claim one is just a normative
claim okay so for you what would it take
for moral claims to be for that form all
claims to be true or moral facts to be
true like what evidence would you would
you need we would have to establish a
moral fact that is a necessary condition
for existence that that's what would
have to happen and I believe right now
that we can exist without moral fact
speaking if you like that is what we're
striving towards and if we society might
be better off with the accumulation of
this knowledge right so wait maybe
you're saying we can exist without moral
fact or I mean our re right now like
what do you mean by that bike well I
don't think we can exist without like
epistemic norms or at least the norm or
hopefully the things of those
approximate - I don't think we can exist
without like an understanding I like a
metaphysical understand oh my god I
think existence would devolve into
absurdity without those things but I
think we can exist quite easily without
moral fact I mean the fact that every
that the fact that we've spent thousands
of years of philosophy trying to figure
out if moral fact even exists I think
points to that but we don't seem to have
the same questions about whether or not
the reality that we live in exists right
that seems to be some okay I'll like
pretty much assume I mean I think that's
pretty obvious I don't think that's
relevant to to whether or not they exist
well it seems to me then that if we can
exist without mole fact that moral fact
is something that we invent which would
be my anti-realist position like moral
fact doesn't actually exist we invent it
because it's convenient a convenient way
to answer certain questions for us okay
so I think that a lot of I mean a lot of
moral psychology I think
some kind of moral beliefs that seem to
appear or have some kind of fundamental
basis for humans and I think that there
was an interesting study where it was
like I mean they would look at different
groups of people right so they would
look at Democrats or Republicans for
example and they would see that they saw
a political association people might
have a higher emphasis in one area okay
like how we ever how are we ever
establishing a more fact here we're just
we're just poking around to find out
what makes people happy like this is
literally the ultimate nod cognitivist
argument like you're literally telling
me that this is just what people like
that like that's my argument for what
morality is it's just people's
preferences doesn't your this feels like
the the ego is for you does moral fact
have to be like synonymous with like
some kind of transcendental objective
like universal like well yeah if Norton
if more if moral fact if moral fact
isn't transcendental then it's entirely
subsumed within our current scientific
knowledge then it's not transcendental
it's just an understanding of the
physical world like it falls squarely
within our understanding of science and
then all moral questions all of a sudden
become answerable by science which is
kind of scary but right but wait wait do
you understand the distinction like if
moral fact is a transcend transcendent
of the physical world then it's
necessarily like subsumed by the
physical world right it has to exist
outside the physical world otherwise
it's contained what they don't want to
yield that you know there are no moral
facts but just I said follow a question
like if if that's the case where we
discard moral realism even in that
domain uh-huh do you like that doesn't
get you to psychological egoism does it
like um it's a pretty but it's pretty
quick yeah I think psychological egoism
is I mean you've got descriptively this
definition then you can tell me if it's
um so I have this definition well
firstly wait are you dealing with are
you dealing with descriptive egoism are
you gonna give me the ethical egoism
position because there are two different
forms of psychological egoism was just
general definition which is that our
intrinsic desires our egoistic sure so
this is the this is the descriptive
position sure which I absolutely yeah
all of our intrinsic desires are
egoistic so how do you explain certain
phenomenon or studies where they have
where they tend to show some degree of
altruism
you have a credit you have a preference
for altruism then
would have a preference but you would be
appealing to some other thing that you
have a preference for okay where it's
like only because um it made you happy
the reason why you were yeah you chose
it because that because you had a
preference for that thing yeah so for
instance you sacrifice yourself to
change to save your child well it's
because you have a preference a
preference for a child's life over your
own right so I don't think that the
research I I think that there's been
research done where I think genuine
altruism has been demonstrated at but I
think the consensus was that it wasn't
like a wait how can you even phenomena
simply demonstrate that there's no
possible way you could demonstrate
genuine altruism there like we are we
are very squarely and in like a meta
realm right now that with it we can't we
can't escape this the meta realm that
we're discussing right now but by giving
me like a physical observation okay if I
define ordinary altruism
of of where you make some action that's
ultimately motivated so it doesn't mean
you can't have other motives but it's
ultimately motivated by a concern for
say the well-being of the other person
that is not our self is that a
problematic definition Mari are you fine
with that definition for ordinary yeah
that's fine sure so I think like again
because we know so little about the
brain it's it's hard for us to determine
you know a priori if like we can have
ordinary altruism in the brain but I
think that they were able to show and
I'm trying to look for some of these
examples but I think they're able to
show like wait hold on are you
definitely I really wait are you a big
are you big Sam Harris fan
no okay oh you're you're do you hundred
do you know the concept of scientism can
you explain it it's it's the belief that
science basically like all of philosophy
is subsumed by science the science can
solve all problems no that was the whole
thing I was trying to prove against in
the beginning I I thought that but now
you're literally giving the arguments of
science is solving meta ethics that's
like that's what you've been arguing a
favor of I'm just trying to show that
you get you get evidence where people
seem to have certain tendencies it
doesn't mean that we're getting close to
solving everything
yeah but literally having certain
tendencies these are just descriptions
of the physical world this is just a
description this doesn't get us any
moral arts this doesn't get us any moral
fact okay so remember we were going off
to the point where even regardless of
moral fact whereas psychological eat how
is that justified even if there are no
moral facts right and then you ISM well
I'd opposite of egoism might be altruism
as a concept right I think I only
believe in psychological egoism insofar
as a description of the world I don't
believe in ethical egoism which is a
separate thing which says we want to act
on our own interests I think I don't do
that claim I just believe in
psychological egoism as a description of
how people function like it's my way of
explaining non cognitivism that
basically our moral systems our moral
facts are just things that we feel are
good that's all it is
okay so even altruism for you would be
just one more rare kind of phenomenon of
a more egoistic Drive yeah of course
that somebody does something because
they have a preference for it maybe they
were trained in the military to
sacrifice themselves for their brothers
or maybe they have a strong biological
attachment to a child or maybe they put
the the lives of their friends over
their own because that's the kind of
person they are but ultimately at the
end of the day these are all preferences
that we that are developed that we have
so I mean then aren't you just kind of
like generalizing the definition of
egoism it's kind of I mean like you know
what it just seems a little bit weird
for if someone's doing something maybe
they're hardwired in a certain way or
they they do get some satisfaction from
doing this or they're helping other
people but it's still the ultimate
motive is what distinguishes whether
it's it's egoistic or altruistic and and
if the ultimate motive isn't really you
know they gain a little bit of
satisfaction from it but they that they
understand that they're doing something
um good in and of itself for you is that
still like like you know it seems like
you're kind of expanding the definition
of ego is in there it seems like I mean
I just think it's I think it's I mean
like a common argument against egoism is
that it's somewhat vacuous which I kind
of understand but I just think it's a
good description for how we are
like morale like I prefer to start with
that as a foundation and then work from
there I guess like and yeah I mean like
it's rough but I mean like I think it's
way better than pretending that moral
fact exists which I don't think has ever
been or personally to my satisfaction
I've never seen like a de Quilly
demonstrated but I mean like ice what
I'm trying to say is that the consensus
actually leans against um it leans it
leans with altruism I think a lot of the
research being done now and you can do
recently you can look on Google or one
your spread time but I think you find
like the direction you're leaning in
right now with moral psychology and
cooperating some neuroscience like again
you're not getting moral facts but the
direction you're leaning and leaning in
is are seeing that humans do have a
capacity for for altruism or for a more
kind of objective you know altruistic
actions and I I mean that was just a
general consensus I think out left with
yeah but these are how you get to egoism
from great work these are two different
questions that are being answered right
now like right now you're giving me
we're not even talking what you're
talking about right now isn't even
morality like you're just giving me
physical descriptions of the world
you're telling me humans act in a
certain way or tend to have a certain
set of preferences like okay these are
like mean I don't think ultimately I for
me I probably I probably would associate
you know moral facts with the kind of
metaphysical like metaphysical truth I
don't think they're distinct so what you
think that moral facts are the same as
saying that like like sitting in a chit
so like would you say that likes okay
something here's a question would you
say that you ought not to kill somebody
is similar to you ought not to sit on a
spoon if you if you're trying to sit in
a if you're trying to sit somewhere to
rest right do you think that these two
statements are similar like on a moral
level these are both similarly moral
statements I think they're similar in a
normative level but more okay but Nora
that doesn't answers anything because
all moral statements are normative but
not all normative stems are moral so
that doesn't tell us how so you do think
there is a meaningful difference between
these two things
sure okay wait then that's all I've been
saying so if there's a meaningful
difference being these two things then
go
back to your other statement if you
ought to or ought not to do something in
a moral sense what moral fact are you
appealing to to figure out how you
decide whether you should or shouldn't
do something well that's what I was
gonna say like I think that you have to
go to some cognitive if you're not if
you're not a moral realist then you're
in like you're in a realm of like moral
psychology and and meta ethics and
whatnot and but I think if you're not in
that camp then you do have to appeal to
some kind of greater power or like some
kind of transcendental um you know like
absolute spirits and like hey Gillian
concepts or some Conti and concept which
i think is fine um but I can't convince
you of that like for the similar reasons
of the first premise but I tried to
propose which is that you all don't know
the promise I'm not scientifically no
truth about all these things we're not
even using science here we're just using
like basically truth statements right
we're trying to was in a discussion of
what we can scientifically analyze but
like the problem is you're it's like
here is your argument you're saying that
I can prove that moral fact exists and
then I say how can you go well let's
start with normativity do you believe in
normativity and i really okay what do
you mean it's like well normativity is
in in order to satisfy some end we ought
to do something I was like okay sure I
believe in normativity like ah well in
that case from normativity you get to
moral fact it's like well wait how let's
take this example example a and example
B where B involves moral fact and a
involves no moral fact and I say are
these the same thing and ego will no
they're entirely different but your
whole argument is that I could get from
A to B but now you're telling me since
these two examples are different now we
need to invoke some other argument we
need to get some other way to generate
more fact because your normativity
argument didn't seem to get us to moral
fact since you're telling me there's a
difference between a moral statement and
just a normative statement okay so let
me let me try to read rephrase I think
the normative case um and I guess I
didn't communicate this wall and off in
the beginning but I don't think the
normative case is going to get you to a
justification of more realism and I
don't think that was my intention I
think it was more so to get you to a
workable landscape where you could have
meaningful I guess moral knowledge or
moral beliefs how
due to the fact that their normative
questions are inherently they have not
they're not one to one audience but they
have similar characteristics to moral
issues like human I mean a cat has
similar characters he's trying to
elephant that doesn't mean anything
though I mean I I mean I think that the
the relationship is closer than that I
mean okay but but the but the
relationship seems to be different in
all the important areas such that the
difference is that one establishes moral
fact and then the other doesn't
establish has nothing to do with moral
fact and this is the important part of
the of why we brought in normativity at
all in the first place because it was
supposed to get us to moral fact I mean
I just think that there's a there's a
drop in communication there where I I
wasn't trying to say moral fact in like
a universe as a ball sense which I guess
is like that's a colloquial I guess
definition of it I think then you have
to appeal to things which can't be
necessarily or easily um okay wait so
that do we have any way of ever using
any of the normativity all this totally
run out do we have any way of ever
talking about any moral fact at all um I
think you have a way of constructing a
pretty sound moral system based on like
how Larry for what's good from like a
metaphor like a meta ethics level how
have we gotten any closer to answering a
question of like what is goodness or
what is virtue well I mean there's a
number of different approaches like one
one just one approach was like the
Jonathan Jonathan Hyde example where you
look at general intuitions you see in
the human brain but that's just
intuition ISM like we don't need I mean
it's one approach I'm not saying it's
like it's it's like the best approach
there's true approach but I think it's
one that's one example is it were like
if you see certain phenomenon happening
repeatedly or you see you know general
regions of the brain being stimulated
even this is literally what Hugh made
fun of people for you're jumping right
from an is right into an odd just
because I just because I analyze and is
in the human brain doesn't mean I get a
moral off from that there's no way to
generate and again you're almost you're
doing the Sam Harris thing where your
subsuming morality and meta ethics
within the realm of science there's
anything by analyzing a brain I can
generate more
fact well human actually be a fan of
moral intuition is a really crash
discipline or rationalist school of
thought it's coming from the fact that
we have certain physiological like or I
don't know like intuition ISM is kind of
lying in a special and special like area
in between like rationality and like you
know physiological states so it's kind
of unique in that I'm not really sure
but again like I don't see how howdy how
is this trying to like it's not you're
trying you're not trying to like
advocate for absolute truth here in
terms of like you know like more
realists um you know independent of
reality type of truth I think that
you're just trying to build but I'm not
saying that you can't do that I think
that you can but I'm but I'm saying that
you can still build like a consistent
framework of morality where you're not
um it's not universally like objective
but it's still able to be you know
productive or effective in human society
and and still not inconsistent with
universal like universal like truth okay
and that's where faith comes in gotcha
all right okay do you have any final
words for the chat no I mean [ __ ] I mean
this was kind of a mess but that's okay
all these come I think that it was good
that I mean we agreed on all of the
earlier things with viewing religion and
I'm glad that you're psychologically you
know it's not ethical you know that's
very good so all right all right we'll
have fun buddy be careful yeah have a
good night there are no moral facts okay
just accept it right now they'll they'll
never exist guys
[Music]
