incoming call wait what hello yo I'm
straightening be careful don't say
anything bad
what's up okay so here's the question I
was playing with pokey in bed and they
didn't even know that we were going
through they're out I don't have plans
with them I sent a message to pokey but
right now it's just Lilly and maybe
Albert and then you me and Andy and then
I invited poking anyone else wants to
come too so okay what are we gonna do I
don't know go eat and hang out and
stream and whatever okay all right
making sure all right um well because I
have a health meeting right now yeah
their house meeting starts at 9 I think
and it hopefully bit on my tenant should
so by the time we've got everybody
rounded up and get over there we should
be good to go all right I'll see you
soon okay be careful baby I send you
that I should on like 25 minutes okay
is it look okay are we holding the
signal and everything but go oh my god
[ __ ] I'm not gonna able to do this if
the tripod legs just went like a little
bit further down it'll be perfect but I
need to park somewhere real quick and
adjust this one second I can't drive
like this alright let's see I mean I
could be like a four-year-old like you
going the passenger seat and you can
look out the window any place on the
headrest um I don't think this will grip
it hard enough like actually stay up
there they [ __ ] with all 100% like fall
off right oh yeah it would and then up
here is like this would be like the
perfect spot but it'll slip off because
of this thing here it's okay if it falls
out [ __ ] no I'm letting his camera fall
apart okay I got me then [ __ ] it is this
like an okay angle can you see me [ __ ]
what does this look like somebody like
me a screenshot show us how messy your
car is [ __ ] my car is spotless
[ __ ] off you're out of focus it's
focusing on the radio it's not focusing
at all I don't know if it's gonna be
able to focus on my face because of the
light okay tell me what happens I guess
if I could I don't even know if the
cameras gonna stand the seat I need like
another person who hold this anything
how we done
are you guys okay no you're not okay
holy [ __ ] you're falling over okay
that's the best I can do [ __ ] okay how
you doing
literally no focus at all nothing is
focused how can nothing be focused I'm
wasting my my battery life I think I've
got I think the batteries to this
they're supposed to last anywhere from
two to four hours and I've got two big
batteries for it
I can also on the second battery we
could switch to using my phone which
would take significantly less battery I
should have used my phone for this
because I'm basically wasting this
camera now can you am I in the frame at
all or is it totally off okay I'll put
you up here for a little bit holy [ __ ]
why did you unnecessarily because I'm
going to New Zealand and I need to
justify the trip by being able have six
dreams so I want to have like a really
good quality everything Tyler said how
long okay
Oh your [ __ ] boy violet broke every time
he's ever asked me to be on his street
he says oh dude I swore at 9:30 I was
like 10:30 and I'm like still waiting
cuz he's doing like a [ __ ] 40-minute
intro after his like to our intro so I
assumed that this would be safe for me
to go out with you guys for a little bit
get some ice cream you know get some
[ __ ] get some friends time and then
over back to my place and
if I can go on trains the insult dating
advice show Shawn had to put on his gold
chain it's not a gold chain okay chill
you guys said that you can hear us not
speaking just flying right at normal
volume sure hairline DBS good thanks
guys
I feel like every time I criticize your
driving you then like kick it up a notch
I know what you're like you try a season
you get like you start there's a guy
writer gating I'm not I'm trying to make
the light he's like near missing boys
like I'm near missing anything in the
Need for Speed Underground cart do we
can meet if you want to need SuperSpeed
we can do this I can wear I want to calm
it down if I'm dying in a car I don't
want it to be this okay
it's a to blow for you it's too blue did
I'm toxically mask is
but it's a red light okay yeah yeah
that's why we stopped freaking out
I remember you made with your get
nervous it makes me nervous okay okay
why do you drive something I'm not drunk
we're going 40 miles an hour like a 50
it's not this is not a 25 look these
guys are going ahead of us look at how
much faster you look at that guy over
there look at that guy look we're barely
catching up to this guy oh my god every
time dude at least Nick stereo will
write about both of us now when we can't
believe that [ __ ] house website is
actually popular twitch streamers died
in a car crash I wasn't actually sure if
that was even a real web server if it's
like a machine learning thing we're like
robots are writing the articles I'm not
actually sure that's why we stopped
confirmed boys almost killed some women
walking down the street dude Jake and
Baek uses [ __ ] no this is my [ __ ]
wait so so you saw all of these
streamers right like you saw all of
these professional streamers who's been
IRL screaming for years and you said
[ __ ] all of these people who have
obviously figured out how to stream
easily I'm gonna do my own thing they're
letting it's not a soccer dad car
Oh what's up [ __ ] off that's what this
car is dude this car screams like I
really into kpop when I was in high
school okay I don't know it's so [ __ ]
fast in the Furious Tokyo Drift like I
can't get off okay insanely good quality
wait is this a new hoodie are you
wearing a new hoodie right now no this
is my old bike one but like it's a
different color no it's fine black no
this is the same black hoodie am I crazy
am i imagining things I hate all of
offline TV holy [ __ ] why cuz they're all
so [ __ ] camera shy they're big
streamers I mean I get it dude they like
they do like this for a living you know
yeah but then why the [ __ ] the camera
shy
they're just like having an off time you
don't know okay we're gonna pick a bully
okay hold on don't let her tell the park
either [ __ ] but we're coming now if
you don't show up everyone will hate you
you have no choice be there in five okay
they're shy oh no this is just like an
Omaha not everyone except instead of
this I don't know my Glock 17 sorry I
can still carry boy okay I gotta get
back in my car this is gonna be real
hard but we'll figure it out
this guy's wearing a [ __ ] winter coat
it's like summer weather out here fifty
degrees almost with a cool breeze
normally I would agree with you but you
Californians are really crazy when it
comes to cold water yeah 50 degrees
yeah I know bacala me how [ __ ] warm
it is here and then when it gets I'm not
you know why I'm not because I'm [ __ ]
hard yeah oh yeah do you my threshold
for being cold is like super [ __ ] oh
yeah yeah brother
it's the coolest thing ever Tyler should
I expect you or I don't know
tell him destiny said that he has a
watch on his program I don't know but he
is gonna be on the destiny dating duo
one hour
intro and the piece is gonna be so
edited where's and you know when are we
meeting we're gonna k-town wait what
what we're gonna count again that's
where these guys like to eat their
[ __ ] Korean if I suggest anything
else if I say like Lily do you want to
go get like we could get burgers or
steak or actually I know you just like
white people food she says at every
[ __ ] time
so we have to go to Cape Town we have to
get shitty [ __ ] Korean BBQ or some
other boring ass bland ass [ __ ] Korean
[ __ ] ass dish every [ __ ] time okay
otherwise they all call me white yep or
they'll just say that I'm super white so
that's where we're going all right
damn dude I thought we would just like
eat around this area so I was like oh
it's fine like where I'd liberal okay
times like ten minutes from here oh like
this it's like five oh my god I can't do
anything about it as he [ __ ] ass buckets
trans person walking on the street just
watch out I hate this up the street dude
I don't know you're capable of doing
right now dude you're [ __ ] man I'm
going left we got here at the same time
just [ __ ] go oh my god I hate this
[ __ ] state
say they don't know stop signs they
don't know they're [ __ ] lanes they
can't drive when it's raining outside
it's ridiculous I don't know if they
have like programs in California to get
driver's licenses to people easier if
they've socialized the means of test
taking or some [ __ ] but Jesus I don't
[ __ ] know brings up Austrian economy
all of a sudden everything is socialized
cos hey what's up why didn't you make
[ __ ] pokey come out no shut up I got
it no one else is coming though oh so
they just don't like me just be honest
if that's it just tell me I honestly I
understand that none of the awful on TV
wanted to hang out with Steve it's fine
right now
why is he stressed yeah why is it is
dating Lily [ __ ] why is Albee stress is
he okay
protect I'll be at all cost um would you
like to go to k-town Lily didn't know
but that's what she's gonna say so let's
just [ __ ] do it okay no Lily I don't
want to do anything that's too white for
you okay I'm gonna go right to the shut
the [ __ ] up you're such a [ __ ] [ __ ] I
hate you
was this a real Lane or this like for
parking hell no no you don't give a [ __ ]
anyway you drive like a monster Oh looks
like we're driving into it's like a
crazy person word what is why would you
even now you're aggressive least I'm not
it's a [ __ ] red light you want me to
run it and then do see bridge red lights
show them the road okay and we'll watch
palm driving show them the road show
them the road put the camera on the
street okay watch okay look at outcomes
look at Oklahoma we go look this guy
look at that guy that guy's crazy
what no he's not he just smoked us she's
just accelerating no every part of this
[ __ ] journey is supposed to be Need
for Speed well I'm just well if he's not
driving crazy that I'm definitely not
driving crazy I can't wait to go to k10
and have some good wholesome Asian food
she's the topic Lily would you like to
see some Korean barbecue dude stop
trying to bribe Lily with Korean bar I'm
gonna try to bribe an expose the mayor
about the more you talk about the city's
past nothing
org erratic he's driving a toy and I be
around here I was so [ __ ] up on so
many levels Lily I just can't even
believe you
I wonder what the information is now
that we think boys
just comment that is about what do you
guys think it is I think we'll be able
to every every red light we're driving
up town like is this my last is this the
last thing I see before I die in this
Kalu in this in this hot yeah yeah
exactly and also IRL scream with him
we're just guys oh we have to get out of
this guy oh my god
Lilly pokey said she would have come why
did you talk to her
I bet Albert would have come - I said we
didn't [ __ ] anybody are you trying to
her like hog a story that's so cute oh
my god you didn't want to you didn't
want to share us oh that's actually so
cute sometimes when I ask him Lilly I'll
be like hey do you want to go out to
like you eat or go out to watch a movie
or whatever and she'll be like she'll be
like yeah sure and I'll be like do you
want to bring me offline people or
anything and she's like well I was kind
of hoping it would just be us two and
it's like so adorable when she says that
oh my god like what I did you're in the
house none of you [ __ ] ever respond
your [ __ ] you everyone in that house has
liked it because you guys are so
unresponsive that even your front door
is perma locked and sometimes I stand at
over five minutes how long were we at
the front door five minutes I didn't
I asked all of you I asked all of you
but I figured since you're in there you
can communicate in a very physical sense
because you're gonna be right next to
them so you can just say like hey pokey
would you like to come out with us hey
good would you like to come out with us
rather than assuming that any of my
messages are gonna get through a discord
because God knows you guys never [ __ ]
check your [ __ ] we're almost there ten
ten more minutes guys can I show them
you real quick look look out cute shoes
look at this sudden coat I like it oh
she's got her hair in a little ponytail
she's running like a little anime I mean
here this is Hassan okay there he is
the man the myth the legend
I would never Lake your place okay
what's up buddy hey representative how
you guys doing we're doing great okay
where are we gonna eat I can find you
guys a good place what would you like to
eat Lily told you dude I told you is
[ __ ] serious
I told you I said okay she'll eat he'll
eat and I'm hungry so we'll get food
just go to a normal food place Lily a
chance to choose cuz if I give you
something she'll say it's not too white
and she'll make fun of me
I want cheeseburgers so stupid I don't
want cheeseburgers I'm on a Korean
barbecue
what's the best Korean barbecue place
yeah I don't even get a vote because are
we going to Carl's Junior's if you said
cause I'm gonna kill you Oh famous one
let's do it then personally I'm ready
okay I'm just not gonna give it my
cosign cuz I openly offended when people
don't like the spot side that's fine
okay can you whisper the place to Lily
so she can tell pokey we walk a mile and
we walked it was like a Burger King
no we're not going to agree in place why
would we come to k-town to go to a
Korean place that again blow workers to
know what the Burger King are the Korean
okay Korean place it is yeah let's just
drive for Lily because I could tell Lily
really what stay okay listen guys nobody
wants the chili Pete you okay I like
barbecue why is everyone saying
seongjo when I do politics I'm not gonna
kill anyone so we could do IRL and
politics together that would be the
fifty thousand yeah right here
wait do you want to go to that parking
lot
oh my god why are you doing this we need
to go backwards so we don't better
person guys we need to go backwards so
we just back up yes I know I love the
city people respect you when you back up
here I can win it
what is the reverse feature your car for
if not to go backwards
oh my god that's not even true you go to
the Midwest you run into people there
you actually get your car [ __ ] up yep
I'm sorry I'm not cranky I always do
that I like pull it yes I gotta look
like in that cuts out on the Winship
nice job go for those real artsy shops
guys you have nothingness on Friday why
Lily that's a really good shot holla we
moved okay
just can you like look like like you're
an introspective thought with the light
reflecting off that urn okay that's
really good you're really selling huh
damn it Lily okay where are we going can
you pronounce that what's it called yeah
holy [ __ ]
something crazy yeah I always do
actually
you're like my white is Korean friend
sometimes yeah but we're waiting for
pokey you tell me tell me that where oh
my god man that's rude as [ __ ] home Lily
asked her how hungry she is okay the
only person I see that
oh [ __ ] ya know it does seem plausible
what if this is just a narration and
only you can hear these thugs that that
you just you're he's doing this thing
where you just listening to you guys
don't break that lens
oh they're either not not oh yes it's
focusing
don't drop it why why is it okay I sent
a message about gonna find everyone see
it let's see how long it takes her to
respond okay all right the out of the
alt which is the average Lily time to
respond to a message is about 12 to 13
minutes because if she doesn't want to
eat then we'll just going to eat right
now away per hangout but if she does
want to eat food and by the time she
responds you will know she wants to eat
or not and then at which point we can
order for her don't okay go wait right
now why did you say she was 20 minutes
late but she actually meant no it's 20
minutes away she's not okay let's go get
food I hate all of you right now oh my
god that you're the worst communicator
unbelievable unbelievable hey beta dude
oh I know where we're going we're right
here okay I don't care I just want to
eat stop stop please
you're me I'm actually cringing I'm
cringing so hard don't care nope don't
really give a [ __ ] no don't really care
Lily I don't really care I just want to
know what's going on nope that's really
clearly you're fixating so hard on it
are you trying to match some code of
insecurity are you getting jealous
go ahead Lily after you I can't wait to
eat with you Lily go ahead a son hi be
no problem but
that's my good friend and Lilly peach
over here constantly making the racist
American jokes I love it hi Lilly would
you like some water
[Music]
Hanabi would you like some water sure
thank you Andy would you like some water
[Music]
[ __ ] boy if you change your mind
Andy here you go I have never what did
you just do
I don't know how I feel about Chinese
food with cheese on it yeah that's kind
of weird
it's a Korean thing really yeah they
give it a lot in Korea
firstly I'm not a fan of it I love
Korean food I don't I don't like the
whole except corn actually works like
one that works but when it's on like
meat I'm not in - come on under it's
authentic that it's a Korean kinda like
fast food thing yeah I mean you go to
get it I don't know anyway it's not
traditional we have a lot of dairy in
our food but we would never a chance
anything like that it's authentic in
that it's not just in Koreatown it's
actually in Korea dinner but it's like
modern
okay gonna fight I'm [ __ ] spy style
dude if mine is mild maybe on the super
hot one yeah this is a perfect time for
him to try the spicy tuna
yeah spice Denis dude
what dude you can take that actually her
don't say for a white person because
your food is not spicy [ __ ] no it's not
for a white girl after someone who
doesn't eat a lot of crazy [ __ ] like you
like
suppose to counteract the spice I mean
it does all right here we go
what our boys Stephens give at rest raw
fish tonight all right sleeping you down
yeah I mean oh yeah all right all right
those are really my favorite sushi in LA
right now
crazy omakase to our meal if Steven
likes this bite then he has to come with
me Lily and Albert possibly tomorrow or
later this week to have all Mikasa style
hardcore sushi this is the baby step no
are you serious you took one nibble and
you're dying
all right but you want
I see no problem Azari spicy pity [ __ ]
they've always gonna do a dick measuring
contest okay I'm not the one down okay
took the [ __ ] mile because I knew I
wanted to enjoy my food rather than make
a statement about how manly I am I'm not
a criminal like would ya
cuz I wanted to try their spicy food is
that a problem you're doing the Sunday
music I like seafood oh it's so good oh
you got it when you mock me why do I
always sound like you checkmate
shot him Lily but do you suppose like
eat it from the side or what you could
have free to shut the whole thing in
your mouth whatever you want to do
[Applause]
[Applause]
what do you think it doesn't have like
the ultra fishy taste I don't know I'm
just not like a huge fan of it
[Music]
wait which part is a fish the white part
is the right oh [ __ ] the red parts of
this yeah you thought the red part was
their ice well the record was like
tomato pay for something wrong so you
didn't need it
alright I'll tell you this one other
thing when you eat really nice sushi
none of its really mega fishy
actually that's a lie there are a couple
cuts like deep cuts that are still super
like oceany and stuff
well like there are like so many pieces
that just have zero like that fish on
figured thinking it's a heavy-ass
it's like they just dump that cheese
along there huh yeah it's pretty insane
I don't know how you could eat the whole
thing
I haven't eaten the whole day house
barely eat any of it I'm saying I don't
have one mo I'm it's an American portion
right I don't know why you would dump
cheese on a dish like this it feels like
I was like an Italian place and they're
like oh we have Korean food by the way
here it is like baked on like a finger
lasagna no it's pretty ridiculous no it
tastes good it's just like the cheese is
ridiculous I just I've never seen like
an Asian dish that served like that
before
like here's a layer of high I mean I
have a maybe you have mine I've never
seen an Asian dish never seen it there
either I don't know maybe this is
Henry's know like it's like don't eat
that part
why are you shuffling the cheese
no I'm trying to get the cheese off my
bite talking about that so you just grab
a big hunk of cheese okay it's mostly
the other thing I the other complaint I
have about the dish is that it's mostly
garlic pieces there is like 80 pieces of
garlic in here really so like four
pieces of chicken have you ever been to
like a ramen place before yeah Oh first
time I went to one of those had
triggered the [ __ ] out of me
cuz I'll never say like a bowl of soup
with like two pieces of meat and I yeah
I was like what the [ __ ] is going on
here wait what up Oh Mike no no Mike
Steve I'm like I'll throw up you hate
seafood that badly
yeah I can't even I can't even like I
hate the smell of it even um okay
are you gonna be able to finish you know
what doesn't get ready to much like last
time we even finish your food I rarely
but American portion size are [ __ ]
huge
very rarely finish okay oh my on the
brass low heated air to it what do you
know that's like where large courses
were invented while the fat people live
there
oh my god dude I want to [ __ ] talk to
about TLS what okay so you saw the video
you saw the [ __ ] documentary oh yeah
ridiculous there are deaf people on it
oh no there is dead people on it but
like it's educational context like 1,000
[ __ ] percent right hey okay so and
also it's like it's one of those like
offenses where you move away when
someone says TOS you're like oh I didn't
know it didn't start off violet did it
then as soon as there was like violent
evictions immediately move away it's
normally [ __ ] I mean isn't that why
you got abandoned after day regardless
though the fact that was banned to begin
with
has put the fear of God in me now and I
can't don't you mean the fear of Allah
God is all law is it too old-school for
a sixth sense reference that would have
been a good meme if you put like twitch
staff on a picture and Haley Joel Osment
like the leader said I see dead people
and he's pointing down at the song yeah
well that is how I am which is
I don't know I mean I tried to watch him
cut the video over there today and even
yesterday and like now I'm terrified if
even if it has like nudity in it or if
Chad debates me and says like all this
is TOS
I don't know what's real and what's not
real I can't even [ __ ] watch videos
anymore
you want to do it you know whatever want
to know what I did in my first IRL
stream week before I liked the toasters
have leaked like a thing I was at a
party this was like the first week as
their IRL screaming I had my mouth it
was a closed tip okay so it was like
there was a shirt but I put my mouth
like around the tip and I looked right
into the camera and I go to magic shoes
no shirt here just imagine this no shirt
here and I started chomping down and I
got a warning for that I didn't get bad
they got a warning Billy yeah you got a
chose that
I don't want it I don't want it anyway
stood against thrown the [ __ ] floor
you [ __ ] [ __ ] Lily why would you do
that you didn't follow you through it
there we go [ __ ] flame it's eat it
eat it I'm gonna eat them
yeah these were a set of white chose
that over my view and have had better
well I view this horse since right and I
don't want to say anything but I've seen
you have proud of it and Lily tells me
and Albert tells me that they have
problems to the live you to my skin it
connected so much I don't know if that's
true or not but listen i've streamed
thousands of hours with the live view
for the most part it's pretty reliable
for the most part of me i i've done like
[ __ ] ten arrow streams with not a lot
erection
America Internet's kind of shady but I
mean I think you'll probably still have
problems even with six sins because like
what do you have you have one Verizon
t-mobile like its 281 Verizon one
t-mobile one Sprint that's insane the
you have six SIM cards in there dude
thanks thanks it really is see we're
just gonna say nice things about destiny
here you can see them using their
connection I want to take him shopping
so that I know and his community wants
to but he doesn't I don't wanna wait
giant ass yellow bucket radiation so
obviously I mean you're a novice okay
I'm not gonna take you into the [ __ ]
doc I'm not gonna take my into the like
this the top a year of fashion you're
such a gear so great there's such a
great personal I'm not gonna video games
a PC video games oh you guys are bonding
now oh my god much [ __ ] you're good
either shut up I'm so good yeah Mr
Murdoch your chat your chat was [ __ ]
your job was coming into my chatting
going well it's on like we're sorry we
made fun of you you're actually better
than Steven okay
holy [ __ ] oh yeah I think you mean this
means you're like who's what was wrong
which one that's what we do we push the
buttons let me make the working class
come to us yeah yeah no he's like a big
sock so are we gonna do anything more
than this or even having a loser irst I
mean we're gonna make something
yeah I mean that counts I guess I asked
him in the Turnpike
I like okay I really like the flavor of
ice cream
I'm not lactose intolerant but I dish it
makes me feel kind of gross but I like
it like a protein every once in a while
or sorbet like okay can you look this is
actually a picky person please stop
calling me picking okay yeah he ain't
raw food today I give you proud that's
not even that big of a deal [ __ ] you you
pretty much not even I mean our cars
look alike here's some chopped up raw
[ __ ] French [ __ ] eat it like with
nothing else this is like 90% rice no
it's not your car has a lot of soft
another Chinon can you power it up
you Nanak are tired and it was literally
like there was a little bit of like
spice stuff out it's like that kind of
like a while of the old buddy you
powered up now he's angry I'm not angry
yeah he does he goes up and down don't
take don't even remember the year old
news
I just like to remember moments lilies
they're not going anywhere no I don't
that's because every time if you were
just like no I can you go get back up
now look nice if you would just like
pose and we got happy in Lily's face I
don't care
Lily I'm not self-conscious like you it
doesn't bother me I don't care
yeah okay good job let's see if you just
take your phone down with that smile
you'll be a perfectly fine 50
talk to you canif redness on smart Lily
were you jealous that we're developing a
friendship the hope I'm actually very
happy such a talk to me less go son how
do you deal with how much of a meeting
here it's so terrible now we're gonna
say Lily made you thanks Lily
can we get our oh no I was how much is I
have an idea what well because if this
was like $900 I don't want out like oh
wait you by the way kick me out or I'm
just I just wanted to see where that was
going
okay action shut Lily Pichu the one and
only talented musician and artist
Hyundai a melon pad cos talented X TV
show actor and producer were you the
preview or producer in the Andy
Milonakis all right and then a sauna B
sellout twitch streamer loser runs back
to playing video games called out by
autism is unstoppable oh my god call out
so [ __ ] hard because my social status
this job caring about everything this
dude is like this dude is literally I
mean that's death you know now they're
talking if you're feeding him so many
clips person actually YouTube hit peace
video of you one of his fans did one on
me where they just like watched me
watching AI you talk about you like the
whole time yeah they are yeah
there's the same people who are like Bob
Peterson old you need like when
ironically can you hold it for me
because I'm holding the camera Thank You
Lily can you like be firm when you hold
this use both hands please oh my god
guys I'm so excited for this hold on
thank you for the casino
we might fly to Tokyo see on train
wrecks podcast loser are you going home
yeah okay hold on better lighting here
nice gotta hold the camera yeah sure
thank you for offering I was waiting for
you - I was gonna say thank you can you
put this Thank You Lily can you please
just in case it's pretty heavy Lily
thank you so much for it's okay Lily now
you look like a little camera personally
never what
what I can't say it what we put her in a
comedy skit where she was like going a
cop heroin in New Jersey with a gun
that'll be so funny [ __ ] can you look
look at all these other guys you could
be filming thank you he's nice Queen eat
your ice cream with a baby
I got a nappy cam for you later if you
get cold from the ice cream oh how do
you you didn't leave anything in my car
right there like be careful all right
bye buddy that was the work can you
block my hand you're not hug dude did
you guess you Stephen Hawking me you
pinned my ham to my [ __ ] get me Zoey
hug any hug thank you have fun oh no
it's night as a piece of [ __ ] communist
[ __ ] you're a communist Lilly you know
that means it wants to kill your family
you guys of Mao in China you don't
remember this learn some [ __ ] history
Lily no puto your carry archived it for
a little longer
you driving [ __ ] off and we're on what's
there okay
what I don't know how to ski mask
nuketown yeah life is intertemporal
[ __ ] at night Lily do you ever hear a
song and you want to empty your nuts to
it I said do you ever hear a song and
you just go nuts listening to it okay
stop making those noises we're just
changing lanes
I didn't swerve we're in the way we're
totally fine right now I've done I just
like to get to places I'm not I haven't
cut anybody off I haven't done anything
man
that's good this guy in front of us also
like really wants to raise like are you
gonna call him an [ __ ] you just cut
me off here's a brain right in front of
me me hi oh my god oh my gosh oh look at
this baby that Lily hates so much Nene
get back here what are you doing hold on
let me come here oh my gosh you actually
almost look cute for once why he's so
shy we just wanted to invite you
beauty I tried okay well there was a
compliment I did I tried I said we were
trying to admire your beauty look look
at how nice and red your hair is it
matches your fiery persona the bottle
the barrel I know I got a new thing
which one oh I know I have a saber
yeah saber a bottle remember watch it
can you save her a bottle yet Albert
loser dude oh oh wait oh my god hold on
Lily give it to me Lily Lily Lily stop
stop stop stop stop oh my god what have
you been what did you oh no hey why do
you do this dumb [ __ ] you're gonna be
Ben
I don't I got so many good ones oh my
god what this is so awesome
that's I think that's a good picture do
you think you're not gonna drop that
right oh my god has she ever drop
another camera so far Oh Albert Oh oh my
god put the neck strap on put the neck
strap on Lily please
which camera did she drop Albert not
mine stop it
wait when I'm like like this would be
the caption right when you look at your
team at the end of the League of Legends
game and go somebody fed their [ __ ]
ass off and you're like me as a good
poet all right I'll [ __ ] you up
okay if you're watching my stream right
now give it a prime sub even though
you're not seeing it on screen I'm gonna
frakkin prime sub Lily do you ever try
showering yeah I all stop using so okay
Lily why would I want to draw it the
rest of my body but on my face my skin's
not sensitive on my face feel this feel
how moist this is feel it does this feel
like dry skin to you feel it Albert feel
it tell me if it feels dry Albert touch
it does that feel dry to you
[Music]
mmm no it's not no it's not it it's so
not let me
can I try let me try yours ha ha yeah
listen guys all of you all very much of
the stream dies I'm done for the night
then okay
[Music]
