let me guess this is a game that's gonna
that's gonna challenge me intellectually
so you can judge me yep of course it is
okay you got it
why has everything for you it's just a
[ __ ] a [ __ ] dick measuring contest
because I love huge dicks
don't tell anybody we have so much in
common
oh uh you I knew you loved huge dicks ah
ha ha I gotcha
you said earlier you didn't but I know
it why do you know it because every time
I whip out my 10 girls look at it
they're like I've always wanted
something that [ __ ] huge destroying
my [ __ ] vagina that's what they say
every single time Wow how many times
does it happen I don't know I lost track
after like 2530 wow you're just like
sland vaginas left and right yep can you
please bring up the puzzle on the screen
you still uncertain about her hair color
naturally brown it is a debate you know
like there's a quite a controversy if my
hair color of regular brown hair as a
Greek girl is actually indeed what's it
like being Greek do you feel like and
like do you feel anger about like the
Romans or anything or
do you have an antipathy towards okay
pick the cup do you want to plate would
door what do you want it what do you do
on your scrim is it time for you to
leave I don't to like keep you up if
it's like too late or what about Turkish
people what about turkey for
Thanksgiving
do you like Turkey or do you not
celebrate Thanksgiving do you know the
difference to make recons and the Roman
gods why are you leaving me hanging here
this is really awkward okay fine I'm
just kidding actually I'm totally
comfortable with silence so what do you
want to know about I'll give you one
thing ok ask me one thing and I'll be
I'll be real as [ __ ] alright
ok ok
when you brought up that hold men don't
have relationships thing what were you
doing what are you doing with that oh I
was legitimately just asking because I
was curious if you had like if you had
ever heard of like mgtow or red pill or
a pickup artist community or whatever
because getting the opinions of people
that kind of like just a little bit read
it it's just kind of interesting there
wasn't like a deeper meme that I was
legitimately just fishing for a
conversation topic okay fair enough I'm
not going over in the chat I'm not gonna
ask him questions solicit din loves to
knew I don't know if that means things
dug this the $2 min weight that I am or
somebody said that to you in chat no you
are I'm telling you
oh well I mean obviously I'm interesting
that's why people follow me I imagine
right we're in real life okay I'll be
real with you a second time okay are you
ready this is you're getting like three
times moments are prefaced by that no I
can't okay I have a very big ego okay
I'm actually incredibly narcissistic
some people say that like just meaning
but I'm actually like I'm pretty serious
about that so when you say that like oh
well you're interesting well I mean
obviously I consider myself to be very
interesting yeah of course but I all but
I guess you could say it is like a
compliment so I appreciate okay here's
the third real thing okay I do have a
hard time getting compliments sometimes
okay so thank you for saying I'm
interesting you're welcome all right but
why do you have to acknowledge that you
indeed know that I feel like that's a
sign of insecurity lesson narcissism
you're just trying to reassert how know
you are okay what am i walking up to you
somebody and be like I have a few and
you're like all right dude just chill
yeah no I admit I like I kind of
understand what you're saying but no I'm
actually like I'm very secure like in a
really boring way so there's not like
anything fun there why don't you just
accept it
wait what was the original question why
don't I just accept it as a compliment
yeah oh oh I don't know it's just really
weird when I have a really hard time
accepting a compliment so I usually
deflect with some type of joke mm-hmm
that's just like a thing I don't know
why I try to be because I have to
balance out like my ego [ __ ] with like a
good dose of like humility because if I
don't then I think my personnel would be
very under
active right people confidence is a
really good trait but being like really
full of yourself a really ecosystem
humorous manner is perceived as really
negative so I think balancing it out
with humor is good but then there's a
negative thing where I have a trouble
sometime accepting compliments so I get
to humorous there which is really rude
you shouldn't do that right if somebody
compliments you you should say thank you
and accept it but yeah let's just like a
minor or a [ __ ] on my right I guess
having silence you have five or six the
my mom and dad divorced a couple times
so they had siblings before my marriage
and there's like one where I'm not even
sure if she's my dad's daughter or not I
don't really know and then I have my
younger sister who was born to the same
parents that I was but um push it yeah
but I know I do you land in like the the
pecking order to second youngest but my
family moved away when I was like 14 and
15 I'm not like really close with a my
family I wasn't lying when I said that
either I don't have like a close
relationship with my family I just kind
of do my own thing holy [ __ ] what no
that's really interesting that they had
a lot of kids you know that's just it's
just a lot of this is not a very stable
like family life it sounds like a lot of
things well I have my own life now I
don't have to worry about that [ __ ]
right
yep the city you know tell me that you
just say yeah it was weird and um I'm
okay now but am I making you
uncomfortable nothing makes me
uncomfortable okay that's not even true
no it is that actually is true yeah
that's one of the reasons why I do so
well on internet it's really impossible
to like make me uncomfortable
because I have a really high self-esteem
when I say that it sounds like I mean
but it's not I'm really comfortable
myself so I don't really get
uncomfortable about anything that sounds
really Mimi but when I'm lying it's
because I sound like the same when I'm
not lying actually lying what I say that
but I don't know how to convince you
that I'm not lying when I say that I'm
sorry no I believe that you believe it I
know well no I really I I'm really not
there's like nothing you can say that
makes me uncomfortable I don't think or
if there is I've never heard it before
thank you blood suni for the two dollars
sure a while for the stuff
miss Holloway one from sub tassel s2 for
the sub sorry guys I've been like not
doing my normal thing but I really
appreciate the support thanks guys
well thanks guys see you like Rick and
Morty huh yeah hmm okay I told a little
lie this this is the only thing that's
ever made me uncomfortable for here holy
[ __ ]
choose DME or something yeah this is
really painful to watch you might want
to watch this no stream of your viewers
are looking Morty clips for the record I
got into it because my son but now my
band you wobble of a dub dub
what those people keeps like spamming
shits for me to ask you I'm not gonna
ask
I just wanna have a normal conversation
with you instead of like this wiki user
reviewer just you know okay what do you
wanna have a normal conversation about I
love conversation I don't know just it's
it's difficult to have a conversation
with somebody who who says they have
there's nothing that makes them
uncomfortable like nothing makes you
does anything make you sad
not really no so if somebody somebody
close to you dies this is Mickey sad I
mean if my son died that would make me
really sad he's probably like the only
one where I would say definitely huh how
old is he six years old I wouldn't meant
I would comment on the aid like that's a
great age but it'sit's an age sounds
like a little kid yeah I don't really
know much about kids yeah I mean he's
just like every other kid he's healthy
has arms and legs and goes to school and
stuff yeah what's his name Nathaniel
James first middle mm-hmm what's your
middle name
I'm not gonna give that on stream Wow
okay wait can you type it to me on
discord yeah I won't read it
gotcha okay awesome
now I have blackmail material shits dz2
it's really gonna narrow down the
population normally I can crack a person
much easier than this well there's not
much to crack I'm pretty straightforward
like I'm very blunt on everything a lot
of people not to say that you do this or
other people but like people like to act
like maybe mysterious or like there's
some like really deep [ __ ] or something
there's not really I'm a pretty
straightforward person which is kind of
boring but yeah I guess you are pretty
boring then yeah well but I mean born in
an awesome way
like I can't there's not like like if
you bring up like like wizards then I'm
gonna start crying because I actually
wanted to be like a magician growing up
and like my childhood dreams were all
for naught and then you know as a way to
channel those frustrations I started to
get into other forms of entertainment
and then took up streaming as a way to
fill that hole like you want to be a
magician well no I just made that all
huh but I'm saying like there's not like
a story like that wait a minute what
that was that was that was you just
making up a story for fun yeah well but
I'm telling you I'm just saying like
there's not like I don't have like a
story like that where that I can fits
like the key to unlock everything I'm a
pretty straight white person yeah mm-hmm
Southern's not is that why you talk to
so many people
I'll show you people because I like
people interesting you know do you not
think so what do you feel like you're a
boring person so you have to supplement
your life with interesting people I
think I'm a pretty interesting person I
have a really cool job I was one of the
first people in the world to have this
job I travel to a lot of places I think
I'm a pretty unique individual not like
things about you as a person those are
things that you external things you've
attached to you I those are
accomplishments or you know oh well I
like music
does that count is that like a thing
about me I like music a lot so if you
just you self-identify as a boring
person and now you're trying to tell me
that you know you're actually
interesting then myself identifies an
important person wait what no I didn't
say that isn't a boring person oh I'm
sorry
um let me clarify so I don't think I'm
necessarily boring I think I'm fairly
interesting one
said boring what I meant was like
sometimes like if you watch a lot of
dramas or if you talk to people in your
life there always seems like there's
some like really dark edgy underlining
story that it can explain a great deal
more so does something for me I don't
really have that at all I'm pretty open
about everything and everything in my
life is pretty straightforward I'm a
very busy person nothing weird happened
your childhood everyone has some well
I'm not saying that weird stuff didn't
happen it's just that I've spoken about
most of it and there's not like I don't
I'm not like I don't repress anything or
have like some deep you realize you're
talking to me right you're not talking
to your yeah whoa
so what you're like oh yeah I've talked
about this I don't know anything about
you know oh yeah I just mean in general
it's not like so like people know about
it like in my audience and whatnot yeah
maybe you personally might not yeah I'm
sorry that's um yeah I can understand
that
yeah no I can understand that there's a
lot of times I'm talking to people and I
get couth yeah I know obviously I mean I
wouldn't expect you to know everything
I'm just saying the end yeah that I have
like spoken about most of my stuff
pretty openly in the past there's not
like a deep thing yeah sorry
do you think you're an interesting
person I think I'm a weird person I
don't know if and I think that people I
think interesting is how people react to
the weirdness why do you think you're
weird because I just don't feel like I'm
a normal person what's a weird thing
about you when you say you're not
normally looks like one way that you
feel like you really don't fit him I
just talked about this earlier in the
stream when I was online dating I used
to kept a spreadsheet of all the guys
ever dated track of my progress as a
person in the dating world when you say
cat I like categorize all my [ __ ]
dating like exploits and I like kept
them in chronological order so I can
just keep track of like my my progress
make sure I'm not doing any cyclical
patterns of just dating the same type of
idiot what type of way do you sell it
out this yes oh actually no I don't
think I have mmm I don't think I have
anymore
why would you delete that I didn't mean
to act and I'm just remembering now I I
could where can i think they wiped the
old hard drive so appreciate lost it
what am what kind of data did you keep
on people I'm curious so there's a
column for a username there's a column
for actual name there's a column for a
quick like tidbit on who they are like
something an identifying unique
identifying feature so I can just
quickly jog my memory like Oh covered in
tattoos a guy and the guy that looks
something like yeah sure and then I had
like a more in-depth description as to
like what the who they were their
personality what their relationship
entailed and then I have a confer might
and it and I would keep this in
chronological order so I can keep track
of like if there's any sort of trends to
you know just try to create a more
efficient dating experience did you try
to model like behavior or like we were
you trying to find like optimal behavior
for you like after like five or six or
seven dates were you like okay well I
should look for this or I should change
this yes I would like try to be like
okay I like this straight so look for
this but I don't like this Trey so don't
so make sure you avoid that well we were
an example can you give us two like
qualitative examples of that like what
was a trait that you looked for them
what was it true that you didn't like
well here's a here's a trait that I
liked it's not straight it was kind of
like a variable you know personality
traits sometimes not all the times but
it correlates pretty highly with it I
would typically date a lot of
programmers guys are involved with pure
science stuff and I've noticed that was
a really good type for me to date
because of whatever personality traits
did that lets you which a lot of times
and leads to like more analytical you
know rational less less um emotional
that's like I'm oh yeah less emotional I
don't like emotional guys I also just
really like the computer he thinks it's
just fun for me to like peek over and be
like what you doing see all the cool
[ __ ] they're doing I really admire that
um that's a lot I don't know it kind of
encompasses a lot of traits that I like
sure and so I was kind of like okay this
guy's a programmer that I like all but
[ __ ] to happen with that and so yeah
okay what's an example of a trait you
didn't like that you tried to avoid
other than what I just described you
know the opposite of that
she's emotional guess I'll think of like
I guess I'm one oh I go on in a date
with this artist I normally would never
but they went pretty well and so like I
asked him for follow-up real quick when
you say artist what do you mean by that
like an actual painting musician like
like a sculptor dude okay
like he was an artist and I really took
a walk and after we had drinks or
something and he was pointing out some
like local art thing and got all into it
I'm like oh that's cool oh he's
interested in art and we went back to
his apartment and we're looking at his
slides of all these like things like
sculptures he's made and [ __ ] like that
and then um like I left his apartment
went home like I'll have a good night
whatever and then I followed up with him
I'm like oh we should hang out again
sometime and then he gave me like a
basically broke up with me he's like
listen I would have to talk after one
day after one date about how like he
knows better than to be he's like I know
that I like you but I think that I know
this is gonna end badly excuse I was
like all right well this is like I know
it's a quite the generalization but it
seems like maybe the artist type I know
it's like a sample size of one but um
that was the whatever the [ __ ] happened
there doesn't seem like a really great
good thing I don't want the repeat that
[ __ ] damn did he say why oh god honestly
I could probably logon okay you're gonna
find the message again how do we know my
password okay how about you could do the
reset on your email oh my god
you know if they're of it doesn't make
you like reset that password you think
going to email and get it log in and
find out what he said you don't have to
have I like makes me uncomfortable
though it's all good no it doesn't make
you uncomfortable I just I don't know if
I'm like gonna go through all the [ __ ]
um because I have all my all my
passwords are just a random a string of
[ __ ] they use a password manager for us
I feel like type it in manually okay I
don't have it you use LastPass or key
pass I use one password wait that's the
name of the program or that's your
password
that's the name of the program [ __ ] I
don't know I've never heard of it I've
only heard to keep asking so
conveniently until one password well I
don't know I thought you might like you
very that's very complicated Jesus [ __ ]
anyways so whatever that was about I'm
trying to think of any other trades um
what's your how long is your longest
relationship lasted six years
damn yeah I know I was um I should have
ended it sooner if I was really smart
about it but I'm glad I don't really
regret anything in my life because every
experience I've gone through allow me to
really [ __ ] and learn a lesson like I
really learned a lesson from that one
interesting lessons from that one yeah
so I did for six years it's actually why
I'm in Seattle moved here too - he was
caught he got accepted to law school
here and so I moved out here with him
and I was with him throughout his law
school gosh a yes-no thing I don't like
what I remember one thing I didn't like
about guys I mean the artist thing which
is kind of vague um was just like
there's a lot of guys think is is a
quote unquote nice guy they think it's
nice but it's actually it's not being
nice I love nice people I don't want to
associate myself with mean people it's
just not a thing that I'm interested in
it's the spineless people that I [ __ ]
