okay I'm in here poor and crime-ridden
what do you want to Merc Merc ablator oh
[ __ ] about you what do you want to
debate about dog
I honestly wanted to make like the I
wanted to make the issue
cuz I heard you were good from a friend
oh [ __ ] a debating yeah so little what
about oh it's up to you really
well I mean it's up to you up to me yeah
well you're the guy that came here right
so we're gonna be up to you okay so I
was I said I said we could debate about
we could bait about how the black
community brings most of their the the
issues upon themselves sure really
okay let's do that one racism yeah sure
okay let's do it how do you think the
black community brings racism on itself
by as a community uh-huh I'm like I'm
not gonna say a majority but a good
amount of the black community actually
commits harmful acts to other other
other people and the the other people
could be in the black community or not
okay so I give this could be like any
race so you think so just the black
community brings issues onto itself
because a lot of black people kill a lot
of other black people and white people
and why sometimes okay if I rephrase
anything you say I'm just trying to
understand your argument so if I say
anything incorrect feel free to tell me
that you don't agree with my
interpretation right okay so why do you
think more black people kill black
people and white people than white
people kill white people and black
people
what was the question why did why do
more black people kill black people and
white people why black people more
violent than white people
I couldn't say really well they just are
do you think it's like do you think it's
like a song do you think it's like a
socio-economic thing you could say that
I mean that is the cause really if if
you have to boil it down to something
but it isn't it isn't something that
that is not avoidable it's the issue oh
sure I mean technically is it's totally
avoidable well maybe but if we pin it on
socio-economic issues and we know it
Saints intrinsic to black identity we
can kind of say that black people out of
much different socio-economic start in
the United States than white people
right mm-hmm
and it's mostly not necessarily black
people's fault that they had that start
right no it isn't how do we blame black
people for causing black problems
because it's a choice is why you blame
them it is a choice if you have to I
mean when somebody does something
whatever it is good or bad it's always a
choice okay who you think has a higher
likelihood of choosing to invest in a
Roth IRA up to the federal government
maximums every year it's to maximize
their retirement potential somebody
that's born into a wealthy middle or
upper class but it was born into what
yeah sure so if our choices on it that
doesn't mean that that doesn't mean that
they couldn't it's just a choice
yes you're not talking about likelihood
well I mean that's that's a cop-out
really they can I do it really they just
don't is it yes it is it's only since
it's only statistics it doesn't it
doesn't define what you can do in your
life really no but I mean like we can
point to like probabilities like yeah
but probabilities only those they're
only probable it's not what's going to
happen it's not what you can make happen
right Shh
not necessarily it is I mean if we as a
race of human beings the the choice in
most
tuitions is really would defines us as
human beings sure I in terms of speaking
to an individual like I don't disagree
with you if I was talking to an
individual like I would tell you to do
what you can don't be a victim of your
circumstances you know try to make as
much out of your life as possible but
when looking at like all of society we
can kind of accept that statistically
speaking certain people will act in
certain ways right that it would be
pretty extraordinary for somebody born
in a multi-million dollar family to
become a crackhead that is homeless
right that would require extraordinary
circumstances right yes much the same
way that somebody that's born into a
crackhead single-parent family would
require extraordinary circumstances to
become a multimillionaire
right yes so I mean if we can point to
kind of like these generalities it seems
kind of strange to say that every single
person in a certain circumstance could
rise above like that just seems like
really extraordinary to me like that you
could say every single person born in
these circumstances that leads to all of
these like pretty are you saying it's
unlikely or it's undoable I'm saying
that it's unlikely statistically
speaking it's but that's not the issue
here well but it kind of the issue is
choice it's not the issue is choice they
have a choice they just don't take it
but is it reasonable to expect every
single person that's born into these
types of environments to make the
correct choices to become like
middle-class well-off people is that a
reasonable expectation reasonable or
possible it's not is it yes it's
possible what this is not really a
matter of a reason but as it never
happened in all of human history like
when in all of human history has there
been like a whole class of poor people
who are like I'm gonna make better
choices and then all of them became
human history is not that old so I mean
it's not it's not something that
couldn't happen that's the issue okay
well in the thirteen thousand years of
human history spanning multiple
civilizations it seems like that's never
happened so wouldn't it make more sense
to do things that we kind of know work
rather than hoping that something
happens that has never happened before
it's not a hope so you're saying they're
saying that like the people who are in
these situations
don't have a hope to change their
situation which they do well the pair
there are alternatives there are
alternatives to committing violent eggs
to get money depending on your situation
though it might be very very very easy
to do that and so yeah and that's the
issue it's easy I agree so we would want
to give them environments where it isn't
easy to make those choices
rather than expect that they're and that
is why it depends on what specifically
you're talking about I mean access to
higher quality education access to
better jobs better doesn't make it does
that make it less possible to commit
these acts yeah I would say no so I'm so
somebody like me or somebody that goes
like a private schools probably never
gonna be a drug dealer right oh you bet
you agreed to this proposition earlier
right somebody born to a multi-million
dollar family is never gonna be a
crackhead right or they could be but it
would be extraordinary for them to wind
up in that situation right yes it'd be
unlikely yeah but somebody born to like
a single parent crackhead household
probably is a much higher chance of like
being a drug deal or something just by
virtue of circumstances right do you say
one more time sorry Oh somebody somebody
born to like a single parent crackhead
family with crackhead friends in a
shitty city with like [ __ ] jobs and the
public school is falling apart like this
person is a much higher chance of
turning to something turning to some
kind of crime right because it's just
it's the easiest thing right right but
it's still a choice though it is it
doesn't stop becoming a choice you're
saying you're good I mean you're the
probability in these situations is not
high but it's still a choice so the
problem is that you ever play like any
role-playing games or anything like that
I like about I like a lot of those dude
okay so like you say this word choice
and when you say the word choice it
sounds to me like you're making a choice
sound like a 50/50 thing it either
happens or it doesn't but the choices
that we make in life are very heavily
weighted which you seem to kind of agree
with but maybe not really yeah so like
for instance the multi-millionaire
choosing to become a crackhead this is
like a less than 1% this is very very
very very difficult this choice he would
have to [ __ ] up monumentally right
whereas a poor person
depending on the depending on the
environment how [ __ ] their environment
is choosing to avoid all crime choosing
to booze through higher education
choosing to you know get out of the
ghetto and you know move into middle
class whatever these are very very very
difficult choices to make these aren't
50/50 choices like well I just have to
choose to be a good person and that's
fine I can just do that like it's gonna
be really difficult choices to make no
yes but does that stop them from being
choices though no no I mean like we
don't but like reasonably speaking like
we it's I don't think it's reasonable to
expect to hold good people to make very
easy very difficult choices it's not
it's not about it's not about how's that
unreasonable because we don't expect
anybody else to do whatever you're
placing an undue burden on it on a whole
class of people you would never place on
another group of people but this is it's
required it's it's it has to be done
though you understand that right
well I it doesn't stop it doesn't stop
it from being their fault they have a
choice it's just a harder choice which
no matter how much like how fair that
doesn't sound very fair I mean to some
extent we have some responsibility for
our choices but like there are people
that are born in a circle you get put in
a bad situation
uh-huh and you decide not to get out is
that the person who put you into the
situation is it that is it that person's
fault that you don't decide to get out
we can we can share responsibility on
whose fault it is but like I mean the
like the punishments aren't equal for a
bad decision is like if I go if I Drive
100 miles an hour and I get a speeding
ticket like I can pay it and it doesn't
bother me at all it doesn't matter but
if somebody else you know that's like
super [ __ ] somebody living
paycheck-to-paycheck gets a speeding
ticket that could be like three months
of their life [ __ ] up no because they
got a really bad speeding ticket like
when you say like make good choices or
or like you know like well whose fault
is whatever you know like if you if
you're born into a really good situation
you can make a lot of bad choices and
still be okay whereas if you're born
into a really [ __ ] situation [ __ ]
one bad choice can end your life right I
look at like recidivism and prisons for
instance if you've got a [ __ ] if you've
got a rap sheet right if you've got a
criminal record like damn that [ __ ] so
much of your life up right there that's
why so many people are repeat offenders
right
so it just seems like telling a whole
group of people to just make better
choices when you never shoulder that
burden on anybody else and then
expecting them to be able to do it
successfully that just says who else who
else should be but it's their it's their
burden the shoulder though you know that
right no I don't agree with that I'll
shoulder some of it if I can with the
form of tax money or [ __ ] what I
don't know any other policy way or
whatever we can help out that's fine but
you're not though the majority of people
are not are not you so why we have
government policy of force people that
like the mandate but it's not it's not
reasonable to actually enforce a policy
to help those people I think it's a lot
of people would not okay but most people
don't agree with you I think that's what
the political debate is about right look
at something like the Affordable Care
Act right like why like why should I
have to pay for a type 1 diabetics
treatment like let's do diet 20 like
it's not my [ __ ] problem right I mean
I could make that argument but I think
as a society we're okay with all
shouldering some of the burden to make
all of society better off right and in
ways that help all of us because it's
better to do that than have a bunch of
random people dying you know no I think
it's I think maybe it's it's close to
50/50 on that to be honest with you well
yeah right now Mike I'm not I'm not I'm
not one person I'm not a person who
talks to a lot of people huh so you know
I'm not I'm not hip on how people feel
like most like the actual majority but I
know how in my group of friends how
people feel and in a group of friends
it's 50/50 sure
and I could even buy that I guess if you
go by like presidential election results
maybe you can say it's like 50/50 but I
mean that's that would be a argument
that I would try to make you don't want
to be the king of ashes right you want
to be part of a civilization where
everybody is doing well gives you access
to better employees gives you access to
better job markets better markets to
sell goods to like it just seems to make
everybody better off right you know I'm
sorry I just
people texted me I'm getting distracted
I'm listening
no problem you say that last part one
more time so like if everybody in your
city is doing well then everybody else
in your city will do well as a result
right you've got more customers to sell
things to more employees to hire
hopefully that's how it's that
it's set up but not necessarily well
yeah necessarily would you rather set up
a business in like Lithuania or a
business and you know San Francisco if
you've got the ability to write you've
got a much better customer yeah in
California because that is and what you
just said you said if you have a place
that is doing well is just gonna be
doing well like across the board well
yeah so like we'll take my city for
example all right oh yeah I can use a
personal sample right in my city West
middle and West is all white people rich
people south is Hispanic people north is
black people north part of the city
always has the worst crime it's pretty
it's a [ __ ] pretty much the housing
is worth [ __ ] businesses they're all
stuck or police spent all of our time
there right now it's easy for the mid
middle and the western people and even
the Hispanics don't say [ __ ] them and
let them deal with their own problems we
don't care but if the northern part of
my city it was doing better if I was a
constructor I'd be able to build better
houses out there if I was opening up a
business downtown I would be able to
hire people from from North Omaha and
have more employees to choose from if I
wanted to start a business
I could go to North Omaha and open a
business right if these if this part of
the city was doing better everybody
would have more opportunity to make
money from them opportunity right but
what happens if people just don't take
those opportunities well I mean I
believe in the power of the free market
capitalism so I think people would take
advantage of those opportunities but
they might not go right well III think
they would I'm a capitalist so I mean
that's what I believe I understand I
understand but they might not what if
their culture says they they don't of
their culture says that they shouldn't
well sure I mean these are things that I
guess like behavioral economics tries to
address I gif that but I don't believe
that that culture of intense racism
still exists in the United States such
that somebody wouldn't open a business
in North Omaha I guess I'm saying what
if what if somebody opened a business
uh-huh
that somebody who was impoverished could
work it but their culture dictated that
they not but I don't know hmm and this
is my issue we're an impoverished black
community
this is the issue the main issue is that
culture dictate that you know we have a
web but it wasn't just about culture
right we kind of step back with us like
why is black culture worse than white
culture what's the reason
what's the reason honestly it's the it's
the the way that you earn money is
important okay really
and some ways of earning money are not
as accept accepted in the black
community in other ways do you really
think well okay so why why because it's
more it's more I don't want to say
reputable but it's more like I'm not
sure how to phrase this except for
reputable but it's not where it is why
is it more revenue so like I'm trying to
get back to like do you think it's why
because because in the eyes of their
peers it's better to not do those things
okay but why do they don't they don't
over white people I'm not sure they
don't they don't they don't actually see
the the like maybe they don't see like
the benefits that they can actually get
by not by by accepting these
opportunities right sure but I don't
think that they don't see I think they
just choose not to see they choose not I
think they do see in the black community
they just opt out okay but if you give
black people access to good education
decent families you get people like
Barack Obama or any other like wealthy
black person like do you think that
given like ample education and financial
opportunity and vocational opportunity
right good jobs that they would make
better choices typically what do you
think that like people that are born to
like you know decent off black families
will go and be drug dealers I'm sorry I
won't um do you think that like I'm
sorry that's a guy dealing that people
that are born into like well-off black
families will run off to become like
drug dealers er no but that isn't the
majority of the community
sure so but we're but it seems like
we're not talking about something that's
special to the black community it seems
like we're talking about a
socio-economic thing no yes but in the
u.s. in which case we're talking about
mostly the black community and I guess
other budget minority communities which
would be I guess the most closely
related is the Hispanic community not
not all Hispanic communities but like I
think
Masek the Mexican community but it's
important the culture that these
community have will dictate what they
will and will not accept okay I can
agree with that but this is different
than your other than than what your
opening proposition because now you're
saying you're making my argument now
you're saying that they have a certain
culture that makes it hard to make
certain choices hard but not impossible
though that's what I'm telling you if it
wouldn't win it stopped when it when it
stops becoming an impossibility that's
when it stops becoming a choice right
but not all choices are weighted equally
we're not talking about wait it's
bearable they should if a wait is
bearable than you two I mean really
okay let's say that I let's say that I
give a test to ten students okay and
let's say that I give a test to a
thousand students okay and some student
okay and for this test if you get two
answers wrong you fail the test okay and
now let's say to half the students I
