hello hello what's up hey it's a
pleasure to meet you
Oh that'll be determined in a second I
guess all don't have to be so negative
oh it's a little insulted when you said
you didn't want to be friends when did I
say I didn't want to be friends come I
said I was watching your stream we were
like oh I have to add him as a friend
oh well because I don't wanna have like
50 million people who hauled [ __ ] um no
no that's fair understand okay how's
your night been um well I'll let you
know in five minutes okay
you're about you're about to determine
it it's sitting on a on a Razors Edge
could go either way right now sure
what's it called so I was watching your
debate with Digi and I think that you
know you have the upper hand and I think
you won handily but I'm also a fan of
defending points that I think are
normally indefensible and I like to play
devil's advocate and at one point in
that conversation did you brought up a
point that was like arguments don't need
to have evidence which to me sounds
really stupid but he's saying that some
points are self-evident and some things
logically can some points can be made
without evidence and some things kind of
can't have evidence in order to make
sense and that's what I like to discuss
because I think that I can actually make
a case for that it for why that is
sometimes the case unless you're going
to talk to me about a priori knowledge
that's granted to us by virtue or
existence by virtue of our existence I
don't know if you're gonna be able to
make this case but okay let's hear it I
think I think sure um I won't have to
say though I'm not a very religious
person okay but a lot of this kind of
ontology and philosophy of thought does
stem from Christian theologians because
you know if they're trying to make the
case that sometimes what's a call if
they're trying to encourage people to
have faith in God right then they have
to come up with philosophical
justifications for why sometimes
evidence is it enough or why evidence
isn't necessary right yo are we gonna
appeal to like personal revelation or no
no all right okay
excited um what's it called so first of
all let's go if you don't mind I'd like
to toss the ball to you why do you think
that we always need evidence to prove a
point so when we say prove a point we're
talking about like proving an argument
right sure so yeah so an argument for me
I guess would be synonymous with a
conclusion that's supported by arguments
by premises right a conclusion is
something that necessarily logically
follows some number of premises is how I
do it and then I think yeah and I think
it's important to do that because the
only things that logically should exist
without justifications are our
foundational statements like axioms of
which you cannot have a conversation
without these things right well that's
my point right mhm
it's that what to call these axioms that
you can't have a conversation without in
and of themselves show that there are
points that we have to accept without
evidence when Christian theologian
William Lane Craig was asked to show why
science can't prove everything his first
argument was that science cannot prove
the validity of science in other words
logic cannot prove the validity of logic
okay so so before we run down this hole
sure I we might get into disagreements
here but we are very many steps removed
from dick Masterson made good points
that don't need to I don't give a [ __ ]
about that
I don't watch dick yeah I know I know I
know but I'm saying like I just think
this is an interesting thought to have
sure I mean I'm going to agree with you
at some foundational level like every
logical statement becomes circular well
it has to necessarily because as humans
we can't the system of logic can't
validate the system of logic right yes
sure once I go out so I think that if we
take that as an axiom what's ago the
system of logic necessitates some sort
of you know faith in the idea of human
logic even though we can look to science
and things see things like non Euclidean
geometry and quantum mechanics and say
here is where human logic simply fails
you know these are cases in the natural
world where way we mean by in you non
Euclidean geometry human logic fails
what do you mean by that
I mean non-euclidean geometry when it
first came about was something that he
required an entirely different branch of
mathematics to be developed for it sure
but we could make it all logically fit
after given a number of axioms we could
build a non Euclidean geometric
assistance from there no no that that's
fair
what's a goal but these are axioms that
are not intuitive that's what I'm trying
to say and they defy normal logical
convention perhaps a simpler example
will be the Monty Hall problem do you
know about the Monty Hall problem yeah
to be clear just we have all our terms
straight so when I would I consider an
axiom an axiom is like a foundational
belief through which you you can't have
a conversation without presupposing this
thing so it's so like for instance like
believing I mean causality or something
right this is something that can't be
proven and unless you believe in this
the no conversation could take place
further that point like anything can
just be an axiom right but these are
like properly basic like foundational
beliefs is my understanding relaxing
yeah okay all right so so that's my
point axioms are self-evident um I'm
really uncomfortable to phrase
self-evident there because that's a
really loaded phrase and somebody might
say well I say the existence of God is
self-evident or I think that dick
beating you in a debate is self-evident
I don't think self-evident adequately
explains like what an axiomatic
statement is well then what's ago how
would you justify the use of logic if
you cannot use you can't justify it it's
by definition and so therefore it has to
be self-evident cannot create a logical
foundation for logic without using
circular logic and therefore that axiom
is self-evident to agree with you here
I'm just worried you're gonna try to
sneak something else in here if I let
you get away Bell phrase self-evident
okay so I'll say self-evident then I
guess yeah sure if you can concede that
point that's really all I wanted to talk
about okay I just wanted to bring up the
point that in when you're talking about
foundational logic there are some things
that we take as self-evident yeah for
sure and because of this fact and the
fact that we have to use this premise
for you know
proposition conclusion based logic for
basically every argument we make to some
extent all arguments are predicated on
something self-evident would you not
agree yeah but I don't think I like
where we're going with this but sure
yeah
so in that case aren't all arguments to
some degree based on something that
self-evident
thereby based found on a very
foundational level yes very foundation
of something that self-evident right so
what's a gold as far as I'm concerned
I'm not gonna say that well some
arguments can be self-evident but the
simple fact is that you can't dismiss
the idea of something being self-evident
outright because for human logic to
function we have to accept that there
are some things that are self-evident
okay hold on so I'm gonna try to walk
through this so these are very very
complicated things and a lot of like the
same words get used I don't want a lot
of different ways so we are at stop okay
so so we're at a train station or at the
first stop and this is before we've even
left the station we are at the very
foundation of human existence and before
we can even leave the train station we
have 25 different divergent tracks 24 of
these tracks literally run into a giant
chasm where the train will drop and
you'll die one of these tracks actually
gets us out of this station so that we
can have a productive conversation on
our road to traveling somewhere this is
the station that I will say is where our
our logic our axioms are properly basic
beliefs lie we get in this train and we
head off so I'm going to assume for
instance that the universe exists I'm
going to assume for instance that I have
experiences I'm going to assume basic
tenets of logic so for instance the
deductive reasoning works that that
causality is a thing that the something
can't both simultaneously be or not be
properly really really basic things now
on this on this train now that we've
left that station we've left the insane
absurdity of not believing any of those
like properly basic beliefs behind now
we've gotten past one stop to another to
another to another I'm not gonna wait
till we get 20 stops down for somebody
to make a bad argument and then say well
hold on well technically all of our
arguments are arbitrary and circular
because we relied on something
self-evident you know 45 stops ago just
because we needed to use a self-evident
foundational statement to get off the
ground doesn't mean that every single
thing built past that point can just
appeal to that self-evident thing if
that was true then we would have just
driven the train off the station at the
beginning into some chasm of absurdity
right we all agree that there's some
level of reason or logic that can be
applied in our world that's why you're
getting your car read and it works and
low on yeah okay sorry good once ago
know what I think that's a fair point
I'd like to train analogy I think it was
very clever
but I'm not trying to make the point
that we should accept things as
self-evident we should just accept the
fact that we rely on these self-evident
propositions and axioms and not let that
fact cloud ourselves into thinking that
our logic is invaluable
well no no our logic can be infallible
with respect to a system that is
self-evident but that doesn't mean that
everything in the system becomes
self-evident well I don't I don't think
so I don't agree with that but you will
have to so you review anime right yes
okay so something like yeah so if I were
to say that like if I were to make an
argument about who the strongest DBZ
character is we can have a reasonable
argument about that right citing sources
inside of the anime or the millions of
[ __ ] DBZ DVD animes that exist right
sure and if I were to end every single
argument with with a with like Crillon
is a strongest character because it's
all fiction and I say so I mean that's
not very satisfying it doesn't work
within the bounds of how we would expect
to have a reasonable discussion
technically I'm right it is fiction but
I mean like that's worthless we already
have rules that exist that dictate how
that universe works that we've all
agreed upon kind of like the
foundational axioms that exist in our
reality right we agree though what yeah
I think's I mean what took all very
simple foundational theories of physics
are still being argued over constantly
foundational theories of physics are
highly complicated though and and these
aren't like philosophical arguments I
don't know I think physics and
philosophy don't have to necessarily
contradict I'm not saying they
contradict but but like okay hold on I'm
trying to think nobody practices what
you're saying there's not a single human
that believes that that like logic
doesn't work like a lot of these a bit
fallacious don't you think no I think
that like no human believes it therefore
what's a god it's wrong I think there
are some people that well no no what I'm
saying is that I think that most people
out set of extreme cases of mental
illness or something are going to
believe in like the properly basic
justifications of the universe so like
for instance most people believe that
they exist that they have experiences
that other people exist and that they
have experiences these are things like
you like so like Solomon says I'm right
you can't necessarily know that another
person has a mind and whatnot but we
still function as though they do
nobody functions otherwise and there are
so many of these properly basic things
that we kind of believe
and rely on that we can build logical
statements out of and I don't think it's
fair at the very end of some logical
statement that's way way way past those
axiomatic you know those axiomatic
statements that somebody go we'll hold
on this is all circular I don't think
it's fair to do that at the very end of
that chain well what what's ago before I
address that point I just want to point
out that in this argument you use
functionality as a justification for
what truth essentially they're saying
because it's functional and because it's
accepted therefore it's either true or
we have to regard it as true sure and
and I think that's a very dangerous line
of thought don't you think not when it
comes to like properly at that basic
foundational statements no I don't think
so why not again what what what are
considered basic tenets of philosophy
change with every generation with every
advancement of science before well no I
don't know that laws true when you talk
about something if you're talking about
something like something that is is or
something that it is it's not another
thing or that something can't
simultaneously have and not have a
property like these really basic
philosophical statements these really
basic axiomatic statements of identity
or existence these aren't really things
that change or at least I'm not familiar
them change I think nobody's ever made
the statement on like science has shown
us that we actually don't exist or that
other Minds don't exist or that
causality doesn't exist right these are
pretty basic tenets that we all kind of
rely on in every single part of our
lives on a daily basis well I mean
there's actually plenty of you know
physic what's ago theoretical physics
and theories that show that the ideas of
existence are not what we perceive them
to be
when you when you talk about things like
the advancements in quantum mechanics
made in the 1920s you have and basically
the entire revelation was that things
don't really exist they just have a
chance to exist and observers can't
interact with the system in a way that
by its nature means that even something
as simple as the idea of object
permanence if you understand what that
means that's the cognitive skill you
pick up at about a year and a half of
age where you learned at the moment
something disappears it doesn't
disappear for good even something as
simple and a core to the human
experience as that can be challenged by
advances in science or physics or
philosophy or what not sure do you think
anybody literally lives their life
like this that anybody lives in a way
where they don't believe that like these
kind of like basic logical statements
are true like the is it possible to do
that I don't I don't necessarily think
that anybody lives like this however I
do think that be revelations about these
you know new ideas about physics for
philosophy or not even necessarily
quantum mechanics you can go back as
early as like Dakar and human life like
Mnet's for you know philosophical ideas
that changed the landscape of thought -
but they have influenced the way we live
our lives they have influenced people's
values you know a lot of people describe
post-modernism as coming out of like
scientific revelations and what they
called the discovered either even post
modernists aren't going to say something
like logic doesn't exist right like
these are pretty basic things that
everything if you if you were to abandon
these or if you were to seriously
entertain these ideas then you would be
insane you'd have no way of functioning
in the world as we know it today
sure but again that's a flimsy argument
I don't think so because you're you're
you're basically attaching the the
objectivity of human logic to how useful
it is and I think that's that's that's
what's wrong with that
um what's wrong with it because if
you're gonna judge them because it
defies logic that's why it's a logical
fallacy you're not judging it based on
how logical it is they're judging it
based on how efficient it is or how you
tell it that's how we that's how we
determine how logic works it's not like
we're appealing to some objective truth
of the universe I mean we hope we are
but we don't necessarily hope we are
that that's kind of the end goal of
dialectic don't well but we have no way
of actually knowing that right but what
we do know is that logical patterns tend
to produce results that seem to be the
most correct of anything we've ever
discovered or known so far right but I
mean like I'm not I guess like maybe I
should clarify that like I don't think
that I don't think that by using logic
we are necessarily appealing to some
objective property of the universe or or
that logic is something that exists
independent human thought but I do think
logic seems to be an incredibly useful
tool for humans it seems to bear out
like correct interpretations of the
universe or at least what we can observe
and therefore that's what gives it its
use yeah
all right is what I would say I think
the way I would describe it is that we
shouldn't treat logic as objective fact
but as a heuristic if you understand one
they say here oh it's something that
works for the majority of times but that
doesn't mean that its objective that
just means it's something that has
evolved in humans to be worth it most of
the time when we can't you're making
lots my argument that when you say that
like like I was essentially saying that
the reason why we use logic is because
it seems to be very effective and it
works and are you saying it's a
heuristic which is something that's very
effective in words know what's ago i
agree but that once i go i just want to
kind of shift the frame a little bit
because I think that when you're
treating this as this is proven because
it's works is a little different from
this is effective and we should use it
because it works well sure so like when
I say it's proven I'm saying like with
respect to some physical system that we
agree on right I mean like every word
every sentence you utter is is loaded
with a lot of like kind of like
presupposed you know statements of
epistemology or something that you don't
necessarily express so like for instance
if I were to say like yesterday I made
my yesterday I made my girlfriend sad
right you wouldn't attack that stamina
go well hold on what do you mean you
made your girlfriend sad first of all do
you even know that she truly exists
secondly do you truly know that she has
a mind like it doesn't really make sense
to say that thirdly can you even truly
know what exists within her mind it's
not possible for you to write you would
never say these statements because all
of these things are baked into it right
two things first of all twitch chat is
complaining about by what's ago tendency
to say what's a code I apologize there
were in fact researchers ignorable well
I mean I tried my best to make a good
impression I think okay um secondly
again I'm arguing the devil's advocate
I'm not trying to make the point that we
should live our lives embraced by the
chaos of what not I to be fit to be
friends that there's room for plausible
deniability yeah I agree with you so
like my position is the one of the worst
most cancers was it all i guy would be
considered like an ultimate skeptic like
i don't disagree with anything you're
saying you can't you can't objectively
prove that logic or reason or even our
existence is something that is actually
like a feature of the universe so these
are things that actually I don't
disagree with that but one thing I do
concede is that to have any reasonable
conversation for the train to even get
out the station we have to make some of
these concessions right that some axioms
are necessary for any further
communication or at least I don't know
how to communicate
okay tour exist as a human back past
like presupposing some pretty basic
facets of of our existence that's kind
of the position that I'm at and that
seems to be I think like most of LA
servers would agree that position II
there are some things you have to assume
you have to presuppose this true without
justification in order to have a
conversation about literally anything I
do think so but I think we should keep
our minds open that these things should
and will be malleable
you know the presuppositions that the
axiom says you live by and you find
essential for everyday life are very
much removed from what they were for
Greek scholars 2,000 years ago is that
actually true when you talk about things
like deductive reasoning like these are
things that have changed dramatically
over time once people have seriously
begun intellectually investigating them
yes I think even as early as something
like the 1950s when people were first
doing research into like arithmetic
logic units and what Segal computations
and machines and whatnot that definitely
changed the people I don't I don't think
that investigating these things broke
any of them necessarily like primary
basic units of like how we understand
like arguments to be made or basic
philosophical statements that might have
changed like lower order things but
higher order things like understanding
that like if they then be like I don't
think these things break down in
studying any of these systems well
what's it called I wouldn't think they'd
break down but they gain another
dimension they expand like just trying
to live my life obviously I never would
have realized that something as simple
as like if P then Q is logically
equivalent to P and not Q or something
like that right
that's something that you wouldn't
realize on your own but once you put
this time to study it and makes a lot of
sense that it becomes applicable to a
lot of places from like electronics to
everyday life I think so I think that
advancement in thought advancements in
science and advancements in technology
have absolutely changed the given
posture Gillette's and the axioms we
live by okay I mean I totally disagree I
just I don't think that like when you
when you say like these are expanding
things like they might expand the way
that we see the universe but these
things are many orders removed from like
basic logical statements like all of
these new expansions inside
especially our being evaluated under our
like traditional forms of logic I don't
think that like I don't think scientific
discovery into machines is like invented
new types of logic or invented like new
ways to deductively reason or something
I don't know like with like we made like
a computer that was so powerful it broke
the statement like if P then give about
a computer that's so powerful like again
this simple statement if P then Q is
really the foundation of you know
deductive reasoning okay and it's just
saying if propositions and conclusion
and you know for me personally I never
realized that there was a logical
equivalency to that until I put the time
in to study discrete math so I think
there's absolutely very um it changes
fundamentally the way you look at things
wait how how is that how is anything had
changed hmm how has anything been
changed what's changing well it's
changing what's changing is my
understanding of logic well yeah but the
but but but the overall consensus
understanding of logic I don't think has
changed dramatically over the past
several thousand years or since I've at
least it surely has what's it called I
mean again you can look back to science
you can look back to you can look back
to the fact that you know a couple
thousand years ago of Aristotle E and
thought was at the core of things and
Aristotle didn't believe in if P then Q
what what no no that's that's not the
point I'm trying to make my point is
that even terms like what's a God if P
then Q and ideas like what to call
deductive logic and stuff they didn't
rise out of the ether humans weren't
born with that these are products of
develops into language thought and
science sure but there are some aspects
there are some features of our existence
well I would I don't know if I can say
this I would say that like if P then Q
does seem to be kind of like a feature
of the human mind like this is like some
this is like some basic kind of like a
priori knowledge that we just seem to
have maybe we can't formulate it like
into like a logical statement like that
without having like a background in
philosophy or whatever but like the idea
that I can drop something and it will
fall and I can repeat that over and over
again and I know that if
I do that again right like like Francis
like the idea that if I hold something
and I drop it and it will fall right I
know just from doing that that I could
pick up something else and then drop it
and it will fall even though I haven't
experienced that before
right I mean like these are things that
you can evaluate on your own logically
as a human without ever studying
philosophy and these are things that we
assume to be true everybody lives this
way right that if I were to punch a tree
that it would hurt me and if I were to
punch without having to punch I can
punch one tree I don't have to punch any
other solid object but I'll take a guess
that it will probably hurt just because
it's happened before right these seem to
me like really basic logical things that
you have in brain evaluates even without
a background in philosophy first of all
what's a goal perfectly honest I think
these anecdotes and examples are a
little confusing to me and I apologize
if I don't understand them correctly but
I think you're right in saying that we
have these innate senses of things like
the defective logic at what's we call
again things like object permanence and
whatnot that humans are just kind of
born with or learn at a very early age
however I don't think that is to say
that human thought and even the baseline
of human thought hasn't been expanded
over the past couple thousand years by
advancements in science technology or
whatnot yeah but that kind of thing like
so for instance like that hasn't changed
like those really basic facets of like
human logic or deductive Nisour
understanding that those things haven't
really changed like our higher-order
like once we apply those principles to
other things we can get a deeper
understanding of the universe but the
very very basic things of like of what
you said things like object permanence
are like if a then B or F P then Q like
these aren't things that have really
changed ever like these kind of basic
ways of putting together logical
statements it just seems to be like a
feature of a human mind yeah sure I'm
not gonna disagree with that
sure well but like you can't prove those
right which was your initial point you
can't really prove that that that that
is necessarily correct right you just
have if you decide what that like if P
then Q that's not provable it's it's in
your words earlier I think you said
self-evident right yes my point was that
there were some axioms we have to accept
as self-evident yeah and there are some
arguments we can't help but accept
myself evidentiary which I agree with
right but my so my ultimate goal is just
because that's true at a highly
foundational level doesn't mean that
somebody can say well you're dig masters
and debate was [ __ ] because it was
self-evident like we're
so many levels were moved from like
foundational axiomatic statements at
that point that it would be absurd to
accept that everything becomes circular
and self-evident just because our very
most foundational statements are like
that that's like levels of absurdity
that nobody lives by ever you couldn't
possibly I'm not gonna comment on the
dick Masterson debate I don't know
anything about it I think the crux of
where I disagree with you is that I
don't think these things are quite as
removed as you say they are and I think
that an understanding of the value
ability of human logic is in many ways
what to go vital to modern life do you
so I'm curious so do you believe in
logic do you think that you can make
like logically deductive statements or
do you actually do actually function in
ways in your life where you believe that
like things like causality like maybe
don't exist sometimes perhaps I wouldn't
know I think if I did believe something
like that it would just be baked into me
I think a proper way to look at it is
that human logic is something of a
heuristic and I will say that you know
knowing about these things has helped me
to under to avoid some faults in my own
life for example humans have this thing
called loss aversion where if we lose
say $50 we feel worse than if we that
how good we feel if we gained $50 like
that's just kind of like a human feeling
it's part of a human instinct it's human
intuition this is why if I remove from
like logical statements though and even
heuristics like logical statements
aren't aren't heuristics or at least I
don't believe they are I've never heard
them described oh we're arguing about
earlier right and you said you agree you
felt the turn yours was fine well I mean
I don't know what what so what I agreed
with was that like maybe logic is
something that seems to be a useful tool
for how we interpret the universe right
that maybe logic is I I don't feel like
you would use it that way I mean because
I you would absolutely use it that way
that's how people use heuristic when
they refer to say artificial
intelligence or machine learning it's
something that isn't quite logically
justifiable at a core level but it works
enough because it works essentially it's
justified because it works and we use it
because it works I feel like if you use
I feel like if you use heuristic when
you're little
talking about like axiomatic statements
that the word heuristic itself has
become like completely vacuous I don't
think so I think there's a lot of things
we rely in life that relying heuristics
okay you know economics is just one big
yeah yeah but yeah so again like every
higher level thing or lower level thing
these are like lower order things that
are way far removed from but I guess for
you it's all connected I think for me
it's all connected I think for everyone
it's all connected I think but you don't
live your life this way or use this on
any argument ever like it like you do
you understand from my point of view how
this just feels like a giant cop-out for
ever having to make an effective
argument for anything like literally you
can just appeal to some level of
circularity that nobody actually
believes in her lives their life
following I understand why you might
feel that way and I would certainly call
somebody out if they try to use this
[ __ ] on me however I do think it's
important that we keep the sort of thing
in mind as a reminder of the phalli
ability of human logic non-project
wait if you would call somebody it if
they would you okay okay here do you we
agree that digi bro was not talking at
this level of like foundational logic
right or do you think that no no III
think I think digi was a idiot in that
debate I'm not trying to deny that I'm
just trying to take a stupid point that
I saw him make and try to polish it up
in a way that might seem logically
defensible okay I'm fully aware that
this argument goes against the grain it
doesn't seem very reasonable at first
which is why I'm trying to make it sound
logical sure and I mean like it's at its
core I agree with your argument I just I
feel like it leads to absurdity so you
can't like truly live that way or
function that way that's just my problem
I guess maybe but well I've never seen
anybody try to live their life like free
of the bounds of logic like believing
that things like causality don't exist
like maybe tomorrow I'll get into my car
and just drive through a building and
I'll see what happens I mean somebody
did that in like 1998 and they did they
died when they crashed into a building
like I can't remember I don't know that
much about the World Trade Center
bombings oh well I well in that case
they relied on logic to assume that the
same thing would happen that would
always happen if you crash an airplane
into a building right no those things
1998 or whatever whatever year the
bombings were not oh the car when they
put the bombs on sure when they put when
they put the bomb yeah okay so the first
wheelchairs in our backs it wasn't not
just putting bombs
like vans or something I can't remember
okay this is this is like a joke that
went way off target oh okay um what to
go again I'm not sure that anybody
really lives their life like this I'm
sure there's some weird post modernist
artsy person who believes in human
intuition and no I don't think I don't
think even the most modernist I don't
think will say something like Oh logic
doesn't exist right I think postmodern
critique is usually much broader than
that or at least in so far as I'm aware
maybe there's some like I just thought
of something that would apply here
religious people what about when we're
talking about um what I call a lot of
these arguments have their origins in
Christian theology and a lot of you know
religions advocate faith and to what I
call base their justifications not on
evidence but on faith that's not no no
but this is again we're still talking
about different things like when you say
they base their no absolutely
necessarily when religious people
religious people will appeal to the
conventions of logic just as much as
normal people - right we do this thing
because God commanded it or we witness
this miracle and now we're going to act
a certain way like things like causality
and everything still exists I'm not to
say I'm not saying they don't use logic
and they use logic as much as the rest
of us I'm saying that they use things
other than logic and they use them
significantly or rather rather than
relying on reasoning and what they
called evidence and purist ISM is
probably the best way to put it
they rely on faith and a lot of this
foundation is through I even even your
understanding of the fallibilities even
even faith relies on logic right like
you pray because it accomplishes some
effect but if P then Q if I pray for my
sick father then he'll become healthy
regardless I'm not saying I'm not saying
they rely on no logic nor am i saying
the process of faith has no reliance on
logic well yeah I mean it's not the
impression I'm getting I'm sorry the
impression of getting that you're saying
that I use faith instead of logic that's
why I'm countering with faith I'm saying
that in some places they use faith
instead of logic well for example yeah
we'll be an example for example what's a
goal when we're talking about morality
if we're talking about empiricism we say
morality is utilitarian more
helps people and a Vasa society and
that's why it's good and that's a
logical argument right to them it might
be the morality is based in God
okay that's still something of a logical
statement oh that is absolutely is a
logical statement that is about it's the
way the empirical aspect of it which is
I believe yeah but the empirical aspect
has nothing to do with or not it's
logical or not I can make completely
logical statements about any Dragon Ball
Z character and it'll still be logical
even if it's even if the premises are
all based in fantasy it'll still follow
like like an actual logical isn't to not
be based on fantasy it's to be based in
absence or to be based on evidence right
what's ago things can be logical without
being based on evidence so if we're
talking about just making it like a
foundation like a logical argument we
don't have to bake season like evidence
like whether our evidence is could right
things can be logical without being
based in evidence wasn't that the exact
point did you was trying to make no he
said what cycle argument can make sense
without being based in evidence no I'm
sorry what I'm saying is that like
things you can make it logical apologize
yeah okay so you can make a logical
argument without necessarily appealing
to things that that are true or based on
evidence now your argument would be
unsound so for instance I could say the
phrase all men are immortal Socrates is
a man therefore Socrates is immortal
that's a logical argument it's valid all
the premises lead naturally to the
conclusion but it's an unsound argument
because the premise a all men are
immortal is not true right so you can
still like appeal to logic
maybe somebody actually believes that
you know like God is good god only you
know God would only command good things
of us God commands the Ten Commandments
therefore the Ten Commandments are good
or whatever right that can be a logical
argument you're still appealing to logic
and reason there although you would
disagree with the soundness of their
premises you would say well that's not
true because of this but you're still
using logic to have the argument you're
not abandoning logic there again I don't
think that what's it called religious
and the faithful people don't rely on a
logic I think they rely on it almost as
much or as much as normal people do what
I'm saying is that there are some places
in their lives where in lieu of logic
they use some understanding or faith
instead instead of faith yeah this is
this is what I want the example where do
you use something where do you
substitute logic at what point do you
substitute logic that's what I want to
know one you for example believe in say
creationism over evolution or science or
how is that a substitution of logic I
think that's a substitution of logic
because you're putting your
understanding in something that's not
being backed up by evidence and I think
a mental quality of human logic is that
there is this idea that there is
evidence and that leads to a conclusion
or that supports an idea and they're
saying we don't need that evidence to
support their idea we're substituting
that evidence with faith and they're
saying that you you can stir you could
still witness something so for instance
if I would have witnessed something that
I believe is a miracle and that would it
make me believe in Allah or something
that's logical I see something it arises
I don't I don't think every Christian
sees a miracle in there I'm not saying
they do but I don't think just because
me believe in creationism maybe if they
see they see their child being born I
think I would call that a miracle but I
don't think I feel like you're
conflating the idea of like finding
evidence for something and having that
evidence naturally lead to the
conclusion like if that evidence is bad
you're trying to say that that's not
logic that still appeals to logic it
just but but we use words like that's
not logical that doesn't mean the same
thing we're hat we're talking about on
this conversation though right
like if P then Q we're still appealing
to those forms of logic even if our
statements are wrong or even if our
evidence is bad we're still appealing to
that fundamental logic we're not using
anything in lieu of that I'm not gonna
deny that because I think you have a
point and I don't think that's a bad
point and I won't concede that point to
you I think that's a good point but I do
think that when there's evidence
available to the contrary to stick to a
set of beliefs is still anti logic or at
the very early when you say anti logic
what do you mean anti logic with us
we're trusting something else more than
the heuristic of human logic yeah so
what do you mean by anti logic what do
you mean by that when you say that I
mean what I mean what so-called trust in
something else over the heuristic of
human logic okay so can you give me an
example of anything that doesn't rely on
logic
I think it's very I think I've given
some examples I think it's very
difficult to give something that entires
advertise not at all on logic because of
the fact that logic is so prevalent here
our lives and that's yeah that's my
whole point that's why that's why that's
why I use the train analogy even for you
to utter the statement logic is false
that statement is still a logical
statement you can't even begin to
counter to counteract logic without
employing logic yourself that's why I'm
saying if we start at the train station
and 24 tracks lead us off into into a
canyon right off the the hole and
there's only one track that gets us out
of the statement or out of the station
that one track that we're on has to
leave the gate at like epistemology has
to leave the gate at logic these are
things that we have to agree on if we
don't everything like devolves into
absurdity I think no that's a good point
what's ago but I think we come full
circle at this point I think we're more
or less in agreement on everything okay
all right I mean like I I think that
these conversations are interesting I
don't think this is a conversation but I
don't think that this also this hadn't
like Daisy burr had nothing to do with
any of this conversation right hmm no
aside from the fact that he inspired me
to start thinking about this of course
these ideas are half-baked
considering that I just heard the debate
you have with Dizzy burro on a 15-minute
drive to chick-fil-a Oh like two hours
ago okay but at the same time I do enjoy
playing devil's of course too in you
know all honesty I agree with you and
you know I think what I'm trying to
argue is kind of pedantic
but at the same time I like arguing
these points that are normally really
hard to defend okay I'm going to kind of
force you to think outside the box
gotcha can I drag a friend in here we're
quick to ask a couple questions he just
wants to kind of seize my go ahead
resident philosophy dude well done oh
man who's a friend I'm flattered yeah
wait how do I accept friend requests on
this sorry I'm kind of tech illiterate
when it comes to discord Oh
there we go okay
all right what do you got for us buddy
hello hey nice to meet you
Ram is it yeah I'm econ would you mind
turning the mic up a little I'm sorry I
can't hear very well
is this better yeah yes much better
thank you okay so I only came in about I
don't know like ten minutes ago
I'm a bit confused because you seem to
be implying that logic is somehow
intertwined with empiricism in some way
I don't think I've made that implication
but if I did I think I'm wrong what you
were trying to you were trying to link
logic with evidence in some way like
logical arguments are somehow dependent
on the evidence that we have I think I
guess to extent that's correct I
wouldn't say that's exclusively the case
though do you not think that we can form
logical arguments independent of
anything in the real world no I think I
think absolutely again and I think when
you look at a lot of the people I was
talking about earlier in the discussion
whether it's Dakar or Hume or can't a
lot of their work is about you know the
ontology of thought and whatnot of
course what's ago I haven't really read
all that much about likeness so I can't
really say that much I've read summaries
I haven't really read anything he wrote
what do you mean the ontology zuv
thought I mean the ontology of you know
what does it mean to exist and how can
we be sure of anything for certain and
those things are more or less
independent of evidence have you read
any of the people that you just listed
yes you've read Conn yes how does he
explain the ontology of thought the
ontology of thought yeah you said that
these people were looking at like the
ontology I I just I have no idea what
you're talking about so I'm trying to
get you to elaborate on it
yeah to be fair I don't think I what's
it called
maybe my case very clearly ontology of
thought that doesn't really make any
sense now does it
something like ontology is probably just
just ontology is probably better you
think that conjugation ontology I think
he did how so
I think that's what the entirety of the
categorical imperative was trying to
accomplish why is it that we call Kant's
entire move an epistemic churn departing
away from the ontology of the early
modernist then I think the fact that the
major view of Kant is that he was
engaging in just the opposite of an
ontological project that's the point I
have to look more into that then I mean
I've just I've seen you say a bunch of
stuff as though it's like on face value
about the relations of logic and and
Pearson you were at one point trying to
say that the advancements in science and
how like made us realize our logical
axioms or something
as though basically our logical axioms
haven't stayed constant for the past
2,000 years since Aristotle devised
syllogistic theory and although we
slightly refined and changed our
formalization the underlying thought has
stayed exactly the same I think that our
logical logical axioms have stayed the
same I'm not trying to argue that
somehow they've mutated and the you know
he doesn't lead to Q anymore what I'm
trying to say is that we should be more
aware and we have been made more aware
of the value ability of our logics
through the advancements in thought in
science what what do you mean the fal
ability of our logic that logic might
not be correct
how is logic not correct
wait can i rephrase this thing and tell
me if you agree with this rephrase 'l
yeah are you trying to say that like so
we have come to some conclusions in the
past that we felt were very logical but
then we've realized that those
conclusions were wrong and so maybe our
logic has failed us is that what you're
saying yeah more or less okay I don't
think this is anything to do with logic
at all that's the problem like we're
using the word logical but this isn't a
failing and logic if anything we're
using the same
forms of logic that would use before to
make our statements even more accurate
nothing here is like caracal
investigation no logic I think it is
something of a failure of logic when
what we're talking about our you know
simple logical principles being
disproved like what proved like for
example what so-called ideas like
negative numbers can be divided or one
plus planet wait that's not a logical
principle though and even to even and
actually I don't even know if you can
begin to talk about numbers without
believing in logic because math is
entirely constructed on of axioms which
rely on well if we so wait you think you
can i'm just carries around you can
evaluate statements about numbers
without believing in logic so yeah and
that's basically been disproved didn't
know one falsehood anymore okay well
then [ __ ] off and I mean there's always
like a random [ __ ] movement that like
talks about some [ __ ] okay Cho what's
ago what was that book Russell world
again where he was tying set theory to
like arithmetic I can't remember where
it was but it had like extremely long
cruise oh yes yes that one yeah anyways
but today but just to clarify for our
modern understanding or everyone else's
like general normal understanding of
math math is necessarily built off of
axiomatic statements right there there
is no like form of mouth but it doesn't
reduce to logic yes don't you need logic
to evaluate statements that are made
from axioms but math itself is not
derived from oh sure sure sure
sure but if we wanted to evaluate
something like our negative numbers
divisible or whatever or in order to
like do that evaluation we would have to
employ logic to talk yeah yeah okay
anyways that yeah like what does seem
saying that's not a logical statement so
do you actually have a what do you
consider a logical statement would you
not just a logical statement is usually
gonna be a statement derived in our
logical system that were using but there
that'd be like propositional calculus or
predicate calculus or but a statement
about a negative numbers not one of
those statements I guess I guess the
idea here is not something that Dom what
Segal defies predicate logic but
something that defies human intuition or
the way humans would understand the
world I think that's the best way to
explain it or at least that was the
point I was trying to get across there
so what do you mean by so the fal
ability of lot what do you ultimately
mean by that then I mean the
understanding of you know logical axioms
have to be circular logic cannot prove
its own validity that's what I'm trying
to say different things because you were
talking about something about a
statement like that negative numbers
don't exist or whatever and we retrieve
data slogic Oh statement and now you're
talking about logical axioms being
circular I I'm not able to keep track of
this thread that you're weaving here to
be fair once ago this entire time I'm
kind of playing devil's advocate and I
haven't completely formulated my own
ideas so let's go please bear with me if
some of these sound half-baked but at
the same time I think there is
definitely what it just sounds like
you're saying random things I won't deny
that but to some extent I do believe
that there is what's called weight in
the idea that logic can't prove its own
validity but that's just atala gist
that's of course that's yeah well wait
so what his initial argument was was
kind of like that it's like the
ultimately skeptical I remember like
well if your foundational logical is
circular then every single statement
made pass that is ultimately circular
know because circularity is defined
within the system we can only talk about
circularity what we've acknowledged some
form of basis on which to grow which is
gonna be our necessary like the
necessary way in which we use it's like
what the constraint says logical axioms
are me
less than themselves because there's no
way to you know depict logical axioms
themselves that's really cooking shine
but it's it makes no sense to talk of
the like the the truth Ness of for the
objective nature of logical axioms at
the root of it because there's no other
way to think is there an open no there's
not but the logical principles that we
employ are just reflections of the way
that human thought works disregarding
some certain ones that are a bit more
contentious but I mean like the
principle of contradiction that's just
not something you can give up you can
pretend to give it up sure and write
down on a piece of paper all these
symbols that you get but ultimately it's
not if it doesn't reflect human thought
and it's going to be meaningless I agree
with that I'm not trying to say that
what's it called first of all what do I
keep saying that um I'm not trying to
say that we should give it up or that
you know there's other ways to change
the chemistry of our brains to think in
different ways what I'm saying is that
there should be some understanding of
the fact that human logic is heuristic
and doesn't necessarily reflect the way
the natural world works and that we
should be aware of that but okay what
that doesn't make any sense logic
doesn't okay a logical system doesn't
really have anything to do with the way
in which the world is structured right
it has to do sir I'm trying to get
closer to my mic no problem merrily it
prime it primarily has in certain things
into the logic right do you land right
like our logical syntax for example okay
right well ramrod what he's pushing you
on whether or not he's what he's pushing
on is he saying that you can't say that
logic works just because it seems to
work just because you're just because
logic seems to work doesn't mean it's
actually working I think is what he's
saying no because of course it works cuz
there's no other way to think outside of
that nobody's saying that doesn't
necessarily make it true
it's what he sang yes it does that
that's that's because we can only define
truth within
system household the point will be get
the so because it's inconceivable to do
otherwise right or at least as humans it
seems to be inconceivable to think
outside the boundaries of logic that
doesn't seem to be possible
kind of like REMSA like you can believe
or pretend to believe in non
contradiction but you could never
express this in any sort of coherent
thought ever or even have this photo I'm
not denying that what I'm saying is that
we should be aware of the fact that you
know the world might exist beyond human
limitations in human perception yeah but
that is nothing to do with logic the
conversation and I know everyone I know
my mic is [ __ ] I'm I'm traveling and I'm
using the phone but yeah I'm not
understand when you understanding what
your point is here you're just you're
stating like yeah we can't possibly know
the world like that's just the basic
skeptical argument yeah what's it called
dub dub wasn't the original point but
that was the point I was trying to push
here this is so dumb Cho you know yeah
to be here at Cana phase I know well no
it is because there's nothing meaningful
being done here you're just you're just
saying random like Phyllis off I think I
think we finished our meaningful
discussion in like the first 10 minutes
or so I think well I think like my kind
of did you listen to my argument did you
breasted Abraham I saw part of it is
like my I guess the thing is kind of
irritating from you like this discussion
I guess isn't as bad as it could be but
like my argument Lee did you bro
yesterday was digiverse basically saying
that um a good point is just a good
point because it's true it doesn't
matter if you actually substantiate it
with any kind of arguments at all so for
instance DG bro gave the example if a
flat earther and a round earth or had an
argument with one another the round
earthers point that the earth is round
is always a good point even if he
doesn't substantiate it ever even if he
doesn't provide any good like supporting
arguments and the flat earthers point is
always a bad point even if he provides a
superior arguments and it just like man
yeah I know yeah yeah I know but like
that's that was my argument him for like
an hour he on ironically defended this
position that like I don't know that
things that are true are just true
because they are and arguments don't
matter and premises don't matter it's
just right
and it's if it's right it's a good point
it was a UH I think that's my best
ability to summarize that horrible
[ __ ] conversation it sounds like a
semantic debate on what it's like good
well kind of yeah what's gonna be good
is gonna be epistemic ly sound right in
that old what's ago after hearing that
what I thought it was kind of silly but
I also what to go wanted to bring an
example of where that might not be you
know necessarily so convoluted sounding
so yeah what's ago when he brought up
the point that there were some things
that have to be self-evident so yeah but
my problem is it like such a no axioms
have to be self-evident that that's
where there's a difference between the
levels of things we're talking about
like if I say for instance that non
contradiction or the law of identity
that this is something that's
self-evident that's not the same as
saying like the sky is blue is
self-evident these are these two things
are very very far removed from each
other not to mention the fact that the
sky is blue that's not even a
self-evident statement you have to use
your eyes to observe that and there's a
whole slew of issues that they could be
involved there with the colleagues you
might be color blind for instance now
your self evidence argument is already
destroyed it's all because of your
inability to see the world like there's
like a million different problems with
with trying to say that just because
like foundational like a priori
experiences are self-evident that every
that you can make that argument about
anything in life can be self-evident
Death Note is a [ __ ] enemy because it's
self-evident because our foundational
axioms are self-evident like that
doesn't make any sense yeah I mean
what's ago I'm not gonna debate that
well yeah but that was my whole
conversation with did you burrow yeah
yeah yeah okay I'm not gonna I'm not
trying to defend digi broke here I'm
trying to I mean he thinks you are like
oh he like digibirds literally tweeting
greatly enjoying listening to outs all
dance circles around destiny whose
answer to being proven wrong as always
okay but normally we wouldn't think this
right no [ __ ] Sherlock that's what makes
it worth talking about
I mean if did she thinks I'm destroying
you to defend him then you know that's a
bad look for him look I go I've been
I've been plenty critical of his
arguments on Twitter I think he did a
terrible job against you
what's a galled and I don't really want
to be taking sides of it
but I just I'm just like playing devil's
advocate and I like pointing out Kate
down corner cases where you know what
you say might not be true I've just I
feel like you haven't actually said
anything this whole time you've just
well like so hold on so if we if we are
if we extract like the most generalized
form of the argument out here it seems
like with the initial argument I have
this argument people before it's very
frustrating because I don't know if this
is like a an idea of context or how you
phrase these words I'm sorry I should
apologize sorry
yes so like basically the problem I'm
running into is sometimes it's kind of
like when you'd argue with uh with
Christian presupposition lists what
they'll essentially say is you'll say
some logical statement they go oh well
you know that's true and you'll go well
yeah they go how do you know that it's
like well because the evidence proves it
because I believe in logical stamps so
they go oh well can you prove logic and
I'll go or well no I guess I can't and I
go huh so you actually know nothing
because you can't prove your
foundational logical system without
appealing to circularity you literally
can't know anything and it's like well
no I don't think it works that way but
but those conversations always get like
go hard into like the semantics and like
deal with like very very high level like
philosophical thought right which is
just very frustrating or you or you go
the ask yourself for it yeah sure but
like it I guess like the frustrating
part to me is that to even begin to
entertain that argument and this is
coming from like a very skeptical person
which I am to an obnoxious level to even
begin to entertain that argument would
require me to dive into such absurdity
that it's like why right it's not even
philosophy at that point you're not
engaging in a anything bit like a
professional philosophers engaging it
well know past that even stronger than
that you're not engaging in anything
that is even engage a bowl like you're
not having a conversation that has
anything to do with realities love it
[ __ ] off that doesn't mean that it that
doesn't mean that you're right about
anything okay this is the argument I
gave to you like no I agree with your
argument I'm just not comfortable with
that I've taken position between to the
you two in this call is painful is that
all the ultimate offense sitting skeptic
is where I'm at right now I just would
never I would never make a statement so
strong as to say I know that logic is
real because any conversation not
involving logic is ridiculous I would
just say that like any conversation
without logic is indeed ridic
Webster doesn't mean it's real but but
that's this offense that I'll sit on
okay Parra and Here I am okay
if boogie can say that Nazis had good
medical experiments then I can sit on
the [ __ ] fence of logic okay
yeah a lot did you present this
conversation I don't know why I feel
like this conversation kind of over oh
why the [ __ ] not man who said that I
mean that's not much of an achievement I
don't know dick all about philosophy
really like I said that you know you
know more philosophy than did you bro
and you've only read a single book that
I just shove down your hey I've read a
lot of Wikipedia articles on that Plato
site okay so if I can chill out all
right oh it's wait is OB didn't pick up
don't worry he'll get in here okay hold
on Bram you have to you have to do this
you have to experience this first time
oh [ __ ] okay what's up did you bro I'm
here first of all I want to say to
destiny's audience yeah I know that econ
is saying I'm stupid okay he does that
every day that's the basis of our
friendship I keep him around to tell me
and we rented this guy you come yes John
and I have been friends for 15 years
probably on some level anyway I couldn't
help but overhear destiny once again
reframing the things I've said to
misrepresent them because at no point
have I argued that you that there
doesn't need to be any logic behind a
statement being made to you know to win
an argument what my argument was is that
if the logic exists if we can prove that
the thing being said is factual then it
is a good argument but it's not that I
understand outside of the original
argument so you were saying that if two
people get into an argument and one
person provides no points to
substantiate their conclusion that
they'll win that argument even so as
long as their conclusion was proven
somewhere else yeah that's kind of dumb
digi in most contexts I would at that
point what are you really doing you're
just appealing to the authority of
somebody else which was my entire point
sure yeah I'm not saying that I'm saying
that you usually made this point once
ago I turned it off the moment he said
arguments alone well so that was my
whole point because like basically what
I said was dick Maastricht so he tried
to trap me on its way right so I said do
you think that dick Masterson made any
good or substantiated any good points
and he was like no and I was like ok so
do you think that he phrasing Church use
and not with the phrasing chosen and you
didn't elaborate see that the point of
me phrasing it that way is to let you
know that I don't agree with the way
that you're trying to frame the entire
like my stance like I'm trying to tell
you I understand just let me frame it
myself yeah you know I understand my
saying that the and our disagreement
came with you thinking there can be good
points that are unsubstantiated that was
our whole conversation do you remember I
got distracted could you repeat that
your whole argument was that there can
be good points that are unsubstantiated
that was the whole point of our
disagreement not that there's good
points that can be unsubstantiated a
theory though axioms that there is good
points that can be unsubstantiated
within the debate but then it's not a
good point if it's not substantiated
that was my whole argument well it's not
that it's not substantiated it's that
you didn't substantiate it within the
context of the debate yeah so without a
context of the domains that point sucks
it might suck in terms of how it
performs in though it's actually bad
somebody literally a bad point by
definition of it being a point it is a
bad point what do you think is the goal
of a debate the goal of a debate is to
have a conclusion that you support a non
sequitur well sure
no it's fine the goal of a debate is
usually you put forth the conclusion and
then you argue for it in favor by
putting forth some number of premises
that should support the conclusion I
mean to say what is not what not what is
your goal in a way to say sorry
what's ago I think we're you've being
drowned out by these two
no it's how many people chant your name
it no shut the [ __ ] up okay
no I I think he's absolutely right I
think that's the core idea of rhetoric
isn't it okay no no no you can't keep oh
no sorry okay what was did you bros
break oh I thought oh what my point is
is that say that I'm getting into a
debate with you because I want to prove
to the audience listening that what I
think is correct the best way for me to
go about this would be for me to present
evidence that is convincing to the
audience most likely any individual
member of the audience is going to come
away thinking that whoever had the
better evidence was correct however
let's say that there's a member of the
audience who is already aware of all of
the facts on the argument right and they
listen to both sides and one person is
arguing a whole lot they're there
they're there kind of dancing circles
around the other guy however the other
guy is the one who who who you as an
audience member no is correct you know
this because you've done the research
you've backed it up yourself so for you
to come away from the debate thinking
okay the guy who I know was wrong
won that debate because he out argued
the other guy but you already know this
is one antenna wrong what you just said
that you can't believe believe it or not
that's what intelligent people actually
do do you mean what I mean is that so
sometimes I will listen to my lefty
friends will argue in favor or against
certain policies I might even agree with
it all right so first if somebody might
say social healthcare is good and I'll
go oh cool well why do you think social
affair is good I believe it is by their
and they might say something because
because capitalists want to kill
everybody and the government does
everything way better than everyone else
and I go wait oh that's [ __ ] stupid
your argument is right and if they were
arguing against somebody else I would
say another person you know you don't
you just the opposite
you think they're aren't giving oh no I
didn't let me clarify you're getting so
angry what the what that if you listen
to that person say that you agreed with
them on their conclusion you disagreed
with them on their logic those are two
different points that they are making
but I would never no no they're not I
would never say he made a good point if
he says for instance 8/4 is
- and therefore social healthcare is
good I wouldn't say okay well it was a
good point about social how you would
say wow he made a really stupid argument
for health care doesn't mean that he's
wrong about the the statement at the end
it just means that he lies means that
his logic is flawed that he's wrong it
doesn't matter if you somehow chances
his way into the correct conclusion so
is it right then to argue well about
something that's incorrect would you
call that person right as long as
everything is I have a question I just
have a question have you ever heard of
it like a distinction oh you are very
quiet can you like turn up your mic or
something like hello is this better much
better thank you okay have you ever
heard of a distinction between soundness
and validity at all I had a brink about
the two words before I answer that basic
logic vocab look I don't study any of
this if that's not obvious that's why I
brought in Econ who does too argument
you are like a debate club guy versus a
philosophy apparently I didn't even read
correctly the whole problem with your
the whole problem with your position
dizzy bro is that basically under your
system it's possible that you would
celebrate people walking into an
argument ignoring all the rational
arguments not to celebrate no you not
celebrate God the wit how he's the
winner yeah saying that somebody want an
argument is not the same as saying that
they were right well not the same as
saying that they are someone you should
look up to and listen to it could be
that both people in the argument are
[ __ ] idiots and you shouldn't listen
to either of them okay but we're not
talking about whether or not they're
idiots we're talking about whether or
not they're putting forth a valid
argument does their does the conclusion
logically follow from the premises that
they're laying out and then are the
premises true that's what we asked for
in an argument you should be able to are
the agencies true you say so therefore
if the person is saying something false
then inherently it's not a good point is
that not what you're saying but that's
what that's our job to evaluate that
yeah and we can only evaluate that by
appealing to the arguments you can
evaluate yeah okay so you listening to
the argument can evaluate what each side
is saying you can come to the conclusion
that this guy is completely wrong and
this guy is wrong in his logic but
right in his conclusion regardless of
the fact that but he shouldn't shouldn't
even be coming to that gluten because it
makes no sense for him to reach it and
you can say well both of these guys are
wrong but this guy is less wrong no he
would be the most wrong thing even if
his conclusion was right he would be the
most wrong because his thought process
why are we only judging
why are we judging based on thought
processes because thought process is the
most important thing because thought
process is what predicts your ability to
get correct conclusions in the future
just because you stumble into a correct
conclusion once or twice if you've got a
[ __ ] fought process you're more likely
to arrive at bad conclusions in the
future that we value all we're about in
this case no no like I'm talking about
but I am saying is viewed early or not
funny
this is ubiquitous and understood across
every single academic discipline across
every single job field in the United
States across every single form of logic
everybody knows that a thought process
is more important than just happening to
get to a correct conclusion if I walk up
to a car and I kick it and it happens to
turn on and I decide I want to become a
professional car mechanic because I kick
the car once I'm gonna kick every single
car that's broken down that would be
[ __ ] stupid but in your world well if
he kicked it would but no one in your
world
don't be kicked it watch it waistband if
the things that I'm saying as though I
have this like really daft worldview
that like I live in a cartoon like
that's not the way you do we're talking
exclusively about Dee Bates we're
talking exclusively about the context of
one argument between two people
if you come away saying that guy argued
really well he clearly has the ability
to have logic however everything he said
was incorrect sure we can hope for that
guy's future more than the other guy but
it doesn't make him more correct in that
debate he was still wrong about
everything he said we should like why
are we celebrating someone being wrong
we should say hey man like let's let's
take that guy aside let's educate him he
would be a powerful ally on the side of
actually knowing what he's talking about
but let's not say this oh he did so well
in this debate where he said everything
incorrect he's making the case room for
a moral lot right here okay so there's
something in math called it's called
proofs
maybe you've done something similar too
in my grade 10 math where you
have a math question you're asked to you
know show like maybe three plus five
equals five plus eight and so then you
know you have to use the commutative law
of addition but you know when I was a
when I was young I I accidentally used
the wrong logical law and I used the
commutative law of multiplication I got
the answer right but my friend he he did
all the steps it was like 30 30 lines
worth of mathematical steps but he
accidentally wrote the wrong line at the
end so does that mean that first person
is like a better mathematician than the
second no because what we are talking
about you're talking about a very
contextual example of two people in a
classroom being judged on this quality
of course the person who shows their
work is going to get the higher grades
because that is what the purpose of the
exercise is oh man now let us say that
it's literally like the people that are
like why do we learn anything at school
it doesn't apply to the real world at
all like holy talk well let's talk about
a scenario in the real world let's say
I'm gonna get let's get really
fantastical and invent an anime scenario
all right no no no do it no that's fine
dude we can work within the bounds of my
hypothetical I learned to entertain
these in school I'm ready I might be so
let's say that there is a sniper who's
firing a bullet at you right and you can
theoretically run all the math on like
when and where this bullet is going to
land that would kill you so you run all
this math and then you go to dodge the
bullet well even though your logic was
correct you didn't understand the type
of problem that it was correctly so you
end up getting shot you die now another
guy dodges the bullet on pure instinct
he doesn't know the logic but he dodges
the bullet this is a real-life scenario
you know in in giant scarecrow
in which it really didn't matter whether
your logic was good the conclusion was
what mattered have you ever heard of
something called probability would be do
calculations approximate like maximizes
your chance of dodging the bullet
actually less or are not arguing
averages here I actually agree not
arguing any cons argument this argument
from the beginning I supposed to be
stupid you have to understand I mean if
you have like a further like if you look
at how we do like cruise missiles today
for instance we normally what we do is
we have people throw a dart on the map
and then hopefully it winds up hitting
the correct site like Dzhokhar you know
you you again we're not talking about
averages we're not talking about like
we're talking about the the mere idea
that it is possible at all know that
there is a scenarios no one disagrees
that sometimes you can chance into the
well that's all I argued yeah but
nobody's offended that you're defending
that when you say something like is a
good point you're making it sound like
you're that more than just saying it
happen to be correct you're making it
sound like it's okay to get to the right
answer using the wrong process and it's
not it's not usually it's not usually a
good thing but in that one example I
just gave it was what is the point of
this there is the point of it is that
it's fun to have rhetorical arguments on
the internet with self-important dipsh
it's like [ __ ] destiny with CIPA
can't pick no you see the advantage my
audiences you've sat her for four hours
arguing that a guy got lucky once with
his argument that you think that people
generally shouldn't do people should
know no nobody has said anything about
what you generally should or shouldn't
do you should generally slice up your
arguments with facts in rhetoric and
logic
you should generally make a good
argument so all of us rhythm just saying
a guy got lucky one time that's what you
spent three hours the baby to get to
well yeah because destiny wasn't able to
disprove it with any kind of logic RAM
just you know this entire arguing such a
stupid pointless missus arguing stew
been pointing this entire argument is a
bow this entire argument stem from him
saying that he thought that dick
Masterson made really good points in his
debate against me but he didn't
substantiate any of them I don't know I
do it I'm sorry for the content let's be
real wouldn't this goes up on YouTube
you know you're gonna get no one's going
to think the Destiny lost this debate no
one really literally are so lame I think
you literally just said earlier though
that everybody that was an intelligent
person agreed with you you literally
tweeted that oh yeah everyone who's an
intelligent person which is like five
people and I choose who they are okay
look I have no idea what's going on
anymore I mean either that's right he he
came in with a victory March yesterday
right when I was like I I feel like in
listening to this guy I feel like I'm
gonna like I already know like
everything he could say he's like haha
well I tricked you didn't I cuz you
didn't know I was gonna say something
that [ __ ] stupid did you know it's
not like that is that you you understand
that the the premise of my argument was
that it is unfair to reframe the things
that I say in such a way that you make
assumptions about what I mean
by what I say I understand that but what
you did then was you appealed to such an
insane level of absurdity that it made
it unfair for me to assume that you were
saying anything at all which by the way
I didn't it's not fair it is unfair you
are the one who is unfair by judging
that everything I'm going to say is
going to be within something that you've
experienced the answer it's unfair for
me to assume that conversations gonna
fall within the bounds of like accepted
like use of language and logic that's
and we're talking to someone who just
argues with people on the internet for a
living then yes it is unfair to assume
that okay he's got a point there does I
mean there's some people that I talk to
I kind of does I guess that's just close
to an admission of losses I'm gonna get
out of here so I'm bailing all right
he's okay
destiny thought he could win a debate
against me but when I told him that I
didn't follow any of the tenants of
logic he actually admitted that he
couldn't debate against me
[ __ ] owned
got him my argument had some holes in it
but not to that extent right know that
well that's why I got irritated when you
came on well yeah I know but like this
guy at least this level of argument is
like on a totally different type of
level than I mean regardless I know
great relating this guy said but oh man
that did you bro dude as a special icon
that's it
like um sorry what's a econ yes is
really out rammed Ram this time
it meets you said random philosophical
words in a trail and you expect to be
able to comprehend them but they didn't
that's only because you have I think
it's because your ontology of thought is
just not completed no you're probably
right I do need to work on that you know
write my own 400 page diatribe in German
[ __ ] on man amen on that no [ __ ] you
okay Kevin meme on that I'm gonna play
video games okay because that's what I
do something yeah and I'm cool thanks
okay alright haven't I
[Music]
