hello everybody and welcome back to Nome
homes and catacombs episode 7 how was
your winter break I can hear uh echo I
sure can
that was Devin my whiner break was
amazing wonderful we've started them and
we can hear an echo Evan what am i doing
we can hear an echo and we've started
yeah who's that crying I hear it wait is
it echoing now no okay
how was your winter break um Neil oh it
was great thanks for asking yeah we had
a lot of fun got to see family hung out
with them had a surprising good time
that's awesome warm in California yeah
what'd you go in California Santa
Barbara it's my hometown how far is that
from LA a hundred miles north on the
coast and you didn't even tell me you
were here cool okay oh you were moving
mr. Burton how was your how was your
break mr. Newton yeah the whole time
yeah cool I got socks for Christmas nice
job what about you Gavin how was your
break dude it was fantastic man I had a
super wholesome break where like I went
to Lake Tahoe they were our electricity
went out for 12 hours
so we sang Christmas carols by
candlelight while my mom played the
piano well that's awesome
Wow and then I had a fun break I was
moving it's been a lot of fun we're
ready to start all right where were we
at last time oh I'm sorry Lily what did
you do for Christmas break Lily tell us
what you did would you do we you went
out of town didn't you guys traveled in
all sorts of stuff no Lily tell us go
ahead Lily tell me what you did yeah
I just sucked to you for 20 months in a
row
Wow thanks Lilly B G that means loudly
thanks for being sub to me to Louie same
okay yeah what'd you do wait you went
somewhere you traveled somewhere didn't
you would you go to New Jersey where
it's not where your family lives you
have like a brother there you've got
parents okay he's being polite we're
just try to figure out what you're doing
you're being rude he was trying that
he's trying to start the game Neil do
you wanna start the game I do want to
hear it Lilly did for Christmas break
you're being really I was okay I went
home I visited my family but my dog
Oliver they got to meet my dog for the
first time I was right yeah and I eat a
lot and then it came back to California
I already let some that's thanks Wow
awesome okay we're last we left you guys
we're exiting a catacomb after having
semi accidentally released a vampire to
the world that that's not about right
that sounds about right yeah okay so we
head back out of the catacombs it is
dark outside
and you're back out in the hills it's
nighttime are we uh very exciting
returned well like it was yeah before
yeah we should rest into our level of
stuff probably at some point yeah let's
talk level ups cuz you all hit for we're
old for HP why don't we just go down the
line and see what else you did with your
character Locke would you do for a
little for you take stats or did you
take feet um Oh hold on I wrote it down
I'll fine I go back to I can tell you
what I did Neil Thank You captain
Barbeau what you do since I am prepared
I added two points to my charisma which
was the best move wonderful what is your
charisma now eighteen Wow
yeah charismatic yes what about you
what you do at level up
I'll get back to you on that in a moment
please
great mr. Knox hello
I took fadeaway and so that's plus one
end and the gnome racial ability and
then I put a spade away fade away yeah
it's a feat mm just a moment
yeah it's um increase your decks or in
score by one to max of 2020 and after
you take damage you can use a reaction
to magically become invisible until the
end of your next turn or until you
attack that's one of those yeah you have
to be a gnome to do it right cool and
then I took me ten and mate and as a
spell can't read and write
no cuz you get an extra can trip at
level four yes all right head back to
Locke I remember I am taking Sentinel
[Music]
and last but not least Midori
um I can't define I can just increase my
stat planes right I don't need a feat
against anyone stat by two or any two
stats by one okay I want to increase my
Constitution mmm my strength okay so
your Constitution will go to 14 your
strength will go to 13 and you will gain
four to your maximum HP um real quick
for Sentinel if I make that attack
against somebody that's about two
attacks somebody else it doesn't cancel
their attack unless I kill them right
correct yeah okay just make sure so
you're out of the cave you're out of the
catacombs it was a hellish nightmare
down there and you can come out find
this place that you've been making camp
and crash out as well y'all need a rest
as far as I remember so why don't we
just pick right back up the next day Sun
is out
shining it's war
you can hardly believe you just met a
vampire last night feels like it must
have been weeks ago can I roll a day
yeah where how come you're old to hit
dice you save to I can run all right
I might even Ronnie I thought we were
rolling four I'm sorry I thought we were
rolling four levels no no just for
healing all right burning through all
those extra hit die even one left now
right because he didn't know interesting
yes I suppose before yep he's checking
cool all right
everyone gains a little bit of HP and is
there anything else you want to do in
this mountain range you're gonna head
back to civilization what's the plan
it's got to be a plan I think we're good
on the mountain range for now oh sorry
question what was my max health this is
27 years that correct it should be 27
after the +4 why not to have you at 27 I
think it should be at 27 yeah cuz you're
unfortunately rolled really bad on your
[Music]
cool so let's get some soundtracks going
on for everything around you and the
party wakes up and decides to figure out
what the hell to do so here you are at
camp just chilling everyone is slowly
woken up and I guess you're you start
discussing where you're going to go next
and what you're going to do next we
should find that vampire I think before
we get involved in any more of this type
of stuff we should go and do some
research and figure out what it is we're
getting into I feel like we've made some
mistakes cuz we don't really know what's
going on around here that vampire is an
insult to my goddess yeah but we can't
do anything about that vampire she's far
too strong
if you want to chase after her be my
guest but I think it would be an unwise
decision i me last why didn't your
goddess smite her down then she was busy
we can go after the vampire lady the
vampiress as one might call her but I
think we should spend a deal of time
researching this first so that we can
have a better understanding of the
forces we're dealing with okay so can I
have like it how do I get like a
notebook do I need to go to town to like
buy something to like write notes in
yeah you probably don't have one on you
so head to civilization to start making
book yeah sure innovation fashion
Russians please mark off a day of
rations for today if you have any MN I'm
gonna go hungry anything well if you get
to civilization today you can eat bendin
it'll be fine
you can go hungry for the morning and I
written fasting mm-hmm as you get to
that same section of River that you've
been trying to cross back and forth over
using the impromptu raft that you've
built jeralds owl spots some heavy
activity along the river from your owls
perspective you can see what looks like
a small group of people building a
bridge across a section of the river hmm
what's up gerald hello my friends I see
over the ridge that somebody is building
a bridge what do these people look armed
are they soldiers it it look like common
folk or an astute what do they look like
it looks like a group of soldiers
guarding a group of slaves and building
a bridge maybe together how many boys
you can count five soldiers and maybe
about as many slaves as well
you know that typically in like armed
groups what we call a spear is eight
soldiers and a night and that's like
your most common like deployment of
units that's your smallest unit
available the military so if there's
five soldiers here there's probably two
or three more hiding somewhere else
maybe in a tent and probably like a
knight or commander around as well
slaves aren't illegal right they're just
as long as they were taken in war it's
fine no one's allowed to be born into
slavery do we have any are they flying
any banners would we know who they're
working with Gerald they are flying
banners actually in fact their banners
that you recognize they are the banners
of Major tavington z-- little group of
people I will tell my party that yeah uh
I'm gonna hide my ring since we've been
walking for a bit I assume have I
figured out what the ring does yet or no
nope oh I hide it cool yeah the bridge
is not fully built it looks like it
might be able to hold some amount of
weight and you could probably cross it
but it's definitely not finished well so
Gerald's you have a better al now that
doesn't take up the whole screen with a
thing mm-hmm
i lock woody what do you want to do do
you went across the bridge er I don't
feel comfortable moving across this
bridge right now I'm still exhausted
from our last encounter and I if things
go wrong I don't think I'm gonna be much
use to you guys we could shout at them
from across the bridge wouldn't would it
be expected that social soldiers would
be carrying crossbows right well we know
that they're flying lord tubbington's or
major tavington scullers we don't know
what their purpose is in this area it's
possible that it'll try to execute
anybody that they think is uncovered
something that shouldn't be spread to
the general public remember we're not
even supposed to be here one soldier got
away before we were fighting them a few
episodes ago I think oh maybe I don't
know
we could create an illusion of a man
crossing the bridge and see what they do
and see if they attack him he's crossed
the bridge and if they attack us we
defend ourselves no because if we make
if we sit on the other side of the
bridge they come across I'll mess up the
bridge is there another way to get
around Neal how do we usually go
absolutely you are upstream of this area
where it's a little bit wider but
there's no cliffs and you've got a raft
that you've stashed somewhere so you
could we have Kaden let's just continue
on our way gang like you think we can
head further around and avoid this lot
yeah we can we can go to our raft that
we have in terms of like what they're
doing yeah in terms of like soldiers
like major tavington generally it would
be exceptional for them to just
slaughter a group of travelers right
that would be pretty exceptional for
them or that would be crazy like why
would you just murder innocent people
that would do such a thing we do under
some circumstances if you guys feel safe
crossing we could try to just make sure
that you stay cautious as you do well
before we cross why not just talk to
them from the other side and see if they
have anything to hide I like it why is
there a bridge here should wait act as
relaxed as possible we don't want to
stir any suspicions about why we were
here what we did we also need to make
sure we have the same story as well you
should ask him - yeah you should ask him
to cross lock you should be the one
talking
you're Noble we're part of a noble's
guard doing guarding what do we leave me
out here and bring him back to his yard
death cleric chick finally just shop
from across the bridge hey can we cross
well because we look weird we don't want
them to know is we don't want them to
think that we were here investigating
the very thing they're building a bridge
to they might get necessary to detain us
or kill us if they think we've uncovered
something that we should
have can we see the map now can we walk
map
yeah yeah where were of it there
and peddle waters like a city peddled
water oh that's a name of one of the
rivers here can we just say we're on our
way from well quick let's say we will
how about we um we escorted Midori out
here to do some ceremony some
worshipping thing and then we're on our
way back to the city I think that's a I
think it's a pretty good would you be
able to say that you're from Gold Hill
and you're just going to bridge gate so
we don't want to lie too much about
specific oh okay we can just say we were
escorting Midori out here and she was
doing some ceremony with her god or
goddess
sound okay Midori what kind of ceremony
would you do out here I'm not sure like
guess I'll make something up
some Clara key stuff yes that sounds
appropriate okay are we all good can we
approach the ridge day on the other side
of the bridge so we don't get [ __ ]
high we can talk before we cross the
bridge okay sounds good
all right the party moves forward who's
going to be the forward speaker I'll be
the forward speaker 1 2 3 not it so as
you come down and approach the bridge
you hear one of the soldiers from the
other side calling out hello there hello
there men of lourdes tavington how are
you doing this fine evening day morning
yeah we know the colors of course we'd
recognize our benek from the yeah quite
well just building a bridge you know for
seeing slave labor of course how'd you
get over there um unfortunately we had
to go through the trouble of
constructing a raft
I see we won't have to repeat that
process hopefully escorting our lovely
cleric over here for a ceremony is this
bridge stable enough for us to cross
back yet move carefully one at a time
wait all the supports I'll cross first
go for it sure do you owe me to cross
like Aquarius where am I just fine you
did it you made it across um some of
these guards come over to see what the
hell's going on they move some of the
slaves out of the way so that you guys
can have more room chat they come over
to see what's up really the same guys
this one on the left that was talking
earlier says to you now so what's it
look like over there
we've got business on the other side
unfortunately we didn't venture too deep
into these parts we've heard rumors of
trouble past here but we were only here
for a ceremony for our Clara what kind
of business do you guys have over here
I'm curious I'm not sure they the
lieutenant's got it all figured out
we're just going where we're told and
doing what they tell us to do build up
you know army life is like but hurry up
wait work don't tell us nothing it's
very interesting do you think you
lieutenant has any extra work for us to
do after s coating our Clara care we
find ourselves fresh out of jobs yeah he
heads off to go talk to the lieutenant
who steps out of her tents a few moments
later and comes back with the guard and
as she walks around this bush to come
see you she stops immediately puts her
hand on her sword and says you there you
look familiar
hold on and hurries back to her tent
she's looking at locking midori ass you
want a bucket or you want to stay with a
bucket I'm careful lieutenant recognizes
us we're an absolutely good standing
with mister I poke the gnome and ask him
to change her locks appearance with
we're already using magic right in front
of everybody she comes back out holding
a piece of parchment and looks at it a
few times and looks over to you and that
holds it up to your face and says are
you these people and you can see it is a
wood block wanted poster with a pretty
decent representation of Locke midori
Jer
you'll be Brad Barbeau captain bad Brad
barber hey what are the wanted for
crimes on this poster treason for what a
guy there's a price on your head it
probably just is old that was the
goddess of Martha Midori though right
yes it does have a symbol of Martha
dangling from me like the bus
I am completely changed from that death
marks all over me I have black clothing
it's pretty different yeah yeah so she's
holding it up and looking at the you
guys and you're quite different but
Locke is more or less the same I
definitely picked up a scar too from
that skeleton fight I'm sure we've had
I'm sure the hair has probably been
singed off of the fire ball the hair has
probably been singed off of some of our
bodies I'm sure we are quite different
in appearance at this point there we go
also I'm gonna call into question her
ability to have memorized every single
posted bounty there must be a lot of
treasonous [ __ ] out in this in these
parts why would she know you instead of
all of the other people around yes
Oh mate oh never mind it sounds like
you've already got that point figured
out so maybe it's not a good point I
mean looking into it the resemblance is
definitely uncanny for a couple of us
but I mean we're here escorting our
death cleric and the out here for a
ceremony I'm not entirely sure what to
say if you think these four are out here
perhaps we can take up a job and look
for them for you guys but then you would
be happy to go back to bridge light and
answer a few questions for us right
I'm absolutely we would love an escort
excellent
she goes off to grab her horse and she's
gonna take two of her guards with her
and leave the rest here to continue the
job and will escort you guys to bridge
gate where you will be questioned well
hold on let's go where's this for us
we have hold on how is this working
they're all gonna have to walk she's
just gonna ride alongside you guys
before you take off she will look to one
of the guards that's coming with you and
this guy right here and tell him to
disarm four of you oh and he will walk
over to Locke first and say okay excuse
me sir can I take your weapon please as
much as I appreciate the sentiment we've
spent enough time in these parts to see
the dangers I don't feel comfortable
shedding my weapons here before a group
of soldiers that is detaining us well
should we come into a fight will happily
distribute them to win the day an honest
man would see honest man also knows that
a man can lose his head in a matter of
minutes out here I don't know if I trust
the distribution of weapons to take
place if a group of bandits rolls up
alongside us on the road also he is a
lord so we are not really able to take
his sword that would be untoward that is
I didn't recognize you sorry milord he
looks to Midori Gerald and Captain
Barbeau your weapons though the picture
That's not me
look give me a perception check for
smooth-talking your way out of this cuz
that was pretty good that's good enough
to maybe convince someone but not good
enough that I still have to roll for it
okay I see how it is Neal okay
deception hold on now is this is this
deception or is this more kind of an
intimidation kind of thing or persuasion
cuz you're not really lying your
persuasion sure yeah I can I'm okay with
that okay
all the night says well you're probably
right do it are to any of you have bows
on you um I believe I am carrying a
cross aren't you like always carrying a
crossbow I have a light crossbow yeah
she will just ask to take the crossbows
then of course that's more than
reasonable I'll gladly hand over my
crossbow sure I would say oh you
wouldn't yeah I'm just gonna use my you
wouldn't depart and old gnome with his
walking stick no no you can keep your
stick just the missile weapons thank you
my boy I cringe alright
thoroughly disarmed your small group
heads out for bridge gate which is just
a few miles away okay just a few miles
away from where you're standing you'll
probably be there before sundown well
hold on let's talk a little bit about
our travel can we see it like a map of
our jury yeah let's get a map of our
journey I'd like to see a layout just to
know not a battle map but you know okay
well you're gonna cross this little
river here you can see the world map
right yeah yeah so you're gonna you're
just gonna cross this river or you
already have and then it's just a quick
jaunt down the road and into bridge gate
what's around us uh it's pretty open
wastelands to the north of this area is
just like badlands nothing but rock and
dirt and then to the south is some nicer
grassy areas the road does run through a
grassy region but there's still not a
lot of trees it's fairly flat open
terrain some rocks some rise and fall to
the land for the lieutenant would I spot
like an obvious um I should know this
but like she needs like something to
channel like magics there right like
some sort of spell thing or so she
doesn't look like just good night long
spell casting as far as she ahead of us
am I able to like have a like private
conversation with Locke there are four
of you three of them
she will typically ride maybe like 40 or
50 feet ahead of you guys and then the
two soldiers will walk behind you all so
you could have a private conversation
with Locke yeah I'm gonna come up here
okay conversation what's the plan here
Locke we can whack them we can whack
them interrogate hold a night there's
only one person moving on the horse
right the lieutenant the other two
guards are on feet behind us mm-hmm um
no I'm could create minor illusion or
something I'd well no do you feel
comfortable putting her to sleep do you
think you can do it
mmm I could sleep the guards for sure
that one the night I don't know maybe
too strong hmm but if I sleep the guards
mmm maybe some way to stop the horse so
she can't get away I could stab the
horse could you sleep the horse I could
sleep the horse then he have three
enemies to deal with until I go again
well that's fine she just can't get back
to Bridgegate
mm-hmm I mean we could sleep the horse
and then I imagine the guards would go
up to his sister and then when
everybody's up there you know we could
try to knock him out and then we could
ask the lieutenant some questions and
then take off yes I think getting what
the lieutenant knows will get us to our
next part of our quest that would be
best
how many times do you think you're
having in you two to sleep anybody right
now
Oh lots of times I can sleep all day
could you uh could you put the horse to
sleep and then when the guards move up
to check on her put the two guards to
sleep as well if there's time and they
don't smack me before I can how much
time do you need between okay I need one
right what do you know what is this how
many seconds is it okay okay six seconds
Midori so you'd have to cover me isn't
that what isn't it what central does out
of character sir yeah yeah I
very weak right now I have 9 HP though
just we could also talk yourself out of
it you know we're now talking our way at
this art we've matched the description
way too closely when we're to unique of
a group okay I think we have to sleep
the horse and then sleep the guards when
they move up and then all of us will
have to take out the night Midori can
you refrain from killing anybody
I mean Gerald's an old gnome wandering
around muttering to himself anyway are
they really gonna be suspicious of him
I'm gonna start singing a song and then
the somatic kaput is gonna be in the
song okay
oh I got it sing for us everybody okay
so you're gonna sleep the horse then
you're gonna sleep the guards once the
guards are asleep we strike the
lieutenant correct good plan
let's do it okay okay so we're good let
me just see how much HP a riding horse
has okay cool well you put Midori back
one her Midori can you move yourself
back thank you so I'll just I'll just
kind of dawdle off the trail mummery
mumbling to myself all over the hill so
steep here I go deep deep deep not
getting into it you've time for sleep
okay and I hit him okay
I want you to give me some sort of check
for being like a crazy nonchalance da
ting old man who's singing with
advantage don't just sell me on some
check to be like inconspicuous with your
your stuff I think it's likely but I
still want you to roll something I'm an
intelligence jack
what sort of intelligence check it's
only open for how intelligent I would be
to be able to like act the part of a
dawdling old gnome
there's not one charisma thing that an
intelligence thing well it takes a lot
of smarts Neal to know how to to act the
part and here actually I mean if we're
gonna be yeah yeah lots of smarts lots
of smarts yeah you wanna know give me an
intelligence check buddy Rand flat
intelligence check God's mark these guys
do you role of one I'm gonna laugh so
hard alright quick just to see if they
shitty insight yeah so you're off on the
road
you cast sleep centered on the night
intercourse yeah we're on the wait just
a quick question before I do that if I
cast like set it on it at night and the
horse right right cuz it's an AoE so I
don't want to do that I want to just I'm
gonna just target the horses but so I
only get the horse always starts with
the creature with the lowest hit dice so
I'm target on the two of them or one of
them it'll still affect Corsi first kind
of line okay all right let's roll horse
HP it is not great the horse one has ten
hit points so give me a sleep spell and
roll better than a 1000 more HP than
gerald yeah start my life here we go the
horse immediately falls asleep and
throws the writer Oh am i ended like
some decks chick and lands prone on the
ground with able to run up an attacker
visible initiative now was that enough
to actually like sleep her to know we're
okay as soon as the horse falls everyone
you know the soldiers jumps to action
wait what did jump to action why mm-hm
all of a sudden their commanders horse
just fell over you say jump to action
what do you mean by that I I mean
instead of chatting they roll initiative
grab their spear are they looking at us
are they looking to go help yeah I mean
we're talking like six seconds here just
okay well just we were all initiative
you got it
do it together lock guard
Barbeau Gerald Midori guard guard and
Knights wonderful so luck you are first
to act before anyone else has sort of
figured out what's going on here all
right
yeah I call forward lieutenant what's
going on to your horse and then I just
step right here and I end my turn
okay at Barbeau um I will follow suit
with Locke and step up there and be
ready to support him all right oh I will
act like I'm looking around for like
people who have attacked her guys aren't
the brightest tools in the shed nope
they really aren't so they spend all
their movement coming up over here to go
after her and one of them says killed
Elena what's happened she gets to her
feet and looks at her horse which is
just unconscious and and you can see the
gears turning in her head and she turns
to look directly at Gerald I'm like I'm
carefully observing this bush it's uh
it's my snick snick he that he knows
bush there I remember when I was a bush
when I was young a spry young Bush and
did yeah yes and oh it looks like the
horse right on his tush
she's not buying it Oh
she says the gnome draws her weapon gets
to her which takes half of her movement
and then this grid you're too cool for a
grid and is then going to use the rest
of her movement to get to the know but
she can't make an attack did she get
this new one I think I get an attack of
opportunity on that yes she cuz she's
gonna run right past you yeah that's a
null so you can we could stop her
movement if you hit her
Wow twelve will do it no no it'll hit
her in the play panel I'm sure you
didn't think her and Gerald it'll be
your turn she's closed to you but hasn't
made an attack yet yes well Oh looks
like the jig is up and I've been
snitched I gotta say later [ __ ] and I'm
gonna cast misty step and where do you
go where do you miss these steps you
it's like 30 feet width from you right
yeah all all step off can I like miss it
just like just like disappears right so
can I miss you step into like a hiding
spot I think it's somewhere you have to
see so wherever you can see within 30
feet but it can be behind a bush in a
tree I suppose okay
I would like to misty step into a tree
this tree
oh wait wait that's not me how do I draw
again I'm sorry it's been like two weeks
since I've been on this thing
let's see rule right yes
or if you right-click when you're
dragging yourself around just single
right-click can I miss you step into
this tree yeah totally cool and then I
just yeah that's the idea
boom you are now in a tree excellent
Midori
I will how what is the night feeling
right now feeling like emotionally how
are you feeling
give me a charisma check to read her
face you can do it an insight if you
would like she's looking a little
confounded her prey has just vanished
from in front of her frustrated alright
I'm gonna go walk next to walking
Captain Bob Oh mm-hmm
like as if like what just happened
nice all right lock it's your turn
um let's see ruler I should have done so
far I'm sorry am i close under that
guard for him to get an attack of
opportunity I mean no oh god I'm drawing
okay um yeah I guess I'm going to move
to the knight lady and then I'm probably
Oh a ho not quite that close though
oh sorry to make sure my order incorrect
late when you make a because I'm
probably going to try to do a trip
attack when you hit a creature with a
weapon attack you can expand what spirit
or data back now thanks for rolling okay
I get to roll first for this correct I'm
pretty sure I roll my attack first right
before I have to roll okay
that's nothing there is even coming
close to hitting so I'll do that and
then I will be done with my turn all
right captain barber are wait wait I'll
back up a little bit right here and I'm
done with my time all right I am going
to no wait I changed my mind can I move
in the other side of her no it is a
matter again everybody no retconning
here good thank you just [ __ ] do it
okay I'm gonna walk up to her and I'm
going to am I gonna turn my chair okay
I'm gonna say hit or miss oh wait turn
around yeah go go go all right so I'm
gonna attack with my first sword barb
farm clatters harmlessly against her
armor butts it said sparks in the air
okay I'm gonna tag with Eric - Eric
comes down and finds a gap right
underneath her armpit or I should say
lunges forward and finds that spot where
the chainmail doesn't quite meet and you
skewer her for seven points of damage
12 what's the follow if there's no one
within how much you'd be five okay
oh sweet no enemies within five does
embrace you take me as well and then I'm
going to use fancy footwork and walk
away
sure you can move 15 feet cool
right here it set yeah that's a little
far okay you can move back to where you
started
I'll move up to jail my homie perfect
first of the guard does not see where
Gerald is so he will spend the round
looking round he'll make a spend a full
round perception check kidding trying to
find where stupid little gnome went he
spots the gnome in the tree [ __ ] at the
end of his round he shouts in the tree
the gnomes in the tree the other specify
which tree which tree he points at it
the next guard comes up towards Gerald I
don't think he can get to you enough to
hit you so he's just gonna throw his
spear at you while you're in the tree
Gerald you're just gonna chuck it would
you say a disadvantage because the seven
nope nope even even the wizard can dodge
that yeah yeah it comes in and falls
flat on the ground somewhere nearby and
it becomes the Knights turn guess they
never miss huh that's a mean all right
the night will come over and engage with
Captain Barbeau two attacks at you first
with the great sword comes down on you
for third area you block it with both
Barb and Eric and her second blow comes
this time horizontal at the side trying
to cut you in half that one hit yeah you
deflect it slightly and then it just
catches you in the side and rips you for
11 points damage leaving a bright red
streak across the ground
Gerald you're in a tree it's your turn
do I have enough
what sleeps Cohn sleep buddy
I know not cone but area what's the
airwaves yep
sleep twenty foot by twenty foot perfect
sleep in the guards there within 20 feet
of each other yes they are y'all know me
asleep smoke as you wish my lord
sixteen it will put this guard to sleep
immediately the first one in front of me
that is the one I choose yeah it's the
one with the lowest each choice eh boys
ok ok so this guy in the back all right
I'm done with my turn I mean I can't do
anything sir right
Midori doc are you sleeping
can't I go up to him and touch him nope
nope yes you can murder him with a touch
but it takes a full minute to do so you
could absolutely put him to death but
not quite in the middle of combat um as
soon as my teammates are in trouble I
focus on the night and cast dragging
both
go for it oh holy [ __ ] oh she takes 23
damage is almost dead and then locks
turtle rolls around I think I can step
behind her and take a swing I'm a
holding back damage folding back into
you you bring her to zero the night
falls unconscious to the ground does
that because it's a halberd is the
helper like Clips her in the neck what's
that the backside of it so it's the
hammer side just hits her in the neck
sensor to the ground
gotcha
and then after do I I moved 25 so I'm 5
or I don't think I can move anymore
coming okay gotcha alright then I am my
internment here bad rat carbo are the
ones asleep right the back one yeah I'm
gonna walk up to this guy and I'm gonna
attack him with both Barb and Eric bring
forward barb is no-go
neither is Eric I think there's blows
easily blocked by that guards shield
over and over again it's his turn he has
no weapon because he threw it last round
[Music]
so he's going to drop his shield which
takes him a full round to do and get
down on his knees and beg for his life
it puts the shield to the ground
throws it goes down on all fours and
just puts his head to the ground at your
feet and saying please spare my life I
use my mage hand to gently pat him on
the head I'll whisper tune I guess I
always miss huh can we give these two
some rope to tie themselves up they're
gonna tie themselves I'm gonna tie them
up Steve sure yeah that's weak I'm a
pirate yeah that's what I do
cool I'm in high the strongest not that
you've ever seen
okay all right I'm keeping a close eye
on Midori the entire time to make sure
she doesn't send any of these oh let me
they afterlife uh I do 50 feet of Silk
Road
perfect you can go ahead and tie them up
with it I winter drop my bagpipes from
the top of the tree and begin to play a
little song just a song not a narrative
song just for the mood and we tied the
night up as well as I cool I'm rolling a
performance sure you tie up the guards
you tie up the night and she will wake
up in a little bit wait before she wakes
up so what kind of armor and weapon is
she using she's using a great sword and
she is wearing plate mail yeah let's
figure out if it'll best you will be
able to resize it and it'll fit you at
worst it'll be so terribly outside so
let's what is your height and weight
where's this on your character she just
I - I definitely don't have this on here
okay well I think 5/8 sounds like a
noble height to be didn't we already go
through this
you were 5/8 right that wasn't that like
the worst height to be because then
you're not you're too tall to be
considered short but you're so you're
the shortest of the tall people he went
through then really Wow are we
role-playing Tony Oller did we just well
no this was the discussion we had last
time we had to talk about your height
okay
sure do 5 8 then make fun of me all you
want but I think a mighty warrior lady
would probably be a little on the taller
side as well so that armor is gonna fit
me damn well I was going to just roll
for her height and weight role it will
she is 5 1 121 Pat no this is a 54 year
old woman this is now who we're looking
for looking for a woman in her 30s here
we go 5 7 137 pounds damn that's like
that's me and real life on us there we
go get it on I like and I like my armor
a tad on the tight side anyway so it's
good you can get this armor take it with
you somewhere have someone resize it for
you because you'll need to make slight
adjustments and you can get yours
the plate male okay sounds good yeah
there's the one Annoying bit that she's
got the shield of her her house is
symbol and blazoned on her chest I think
you might have to know really know it'll
like breaker sternum that idea you you
might need to find like a sketchy person
to kind of like it's gonna you know it's
got someone did you'll emblazoned
donated kind of illegal to resize it you
know clearly stolen so find someone on
the left and righteous side of the
business and you're fine sure Neal does
the army have boob grooves because just
like really yeah I only made the joke
because usually going like this those
yeah cuz if you get the protrusion of
the boobs then when you get like blunt
impact on you you end up getting a lot
of pressure right in the middle like
right on your sternum sure what I want
Stephens artwork on the subreddit to
have okay we are taking the scale mail
from her okay so she's like oh and she
has a great sword is this kind of these
kinds of weapons aren't comparable to
like halbert's right you wouldn t able
to use them like a glaive right no
they're not okay gotcha and then she did
did she appear to have anything special
that would catch our attention like a
ring or an earring or something that
might in doubt be endowed with some sort
of magical property nothing that looks
magical to the undiscerning I know do
you want to check her real quick you and
I run a detect magic to make sure we're
not missing anything valuable here mmm
takes 10 minutes and the guards will
wake up but I can do it I can take yeah
guards are indefinitely
can we move under like a tree or
something so we're not as in open yeah
okay yeah yeah let's move move and not
like under a tree let's move like a good
like hundred feet away from the road or
something so that sure sure the the
Arkana check is to see if there's
anything kind of like interesting or
arcane on her person or yeah we want to
make sure that she doesn't have a
magical ring or
necklace is a good thing to search she
doesn't have anything magical on her
she's just a regular knight serving
under Lord tavington awesome since I
fought with the ring on did I notice
anything in that Spanish no cool thank
you okay then I guess we're some time
later she wakes up we're all kind of
sitting around her just hanging out
singing Kumbaya chatting with the one
guard who's awake I'm playing my
terrible bagpipe song really like that
eventually she wakes up she blinks comes
to lock the [ __ ] up how's it going
mrs. Knight that was quite a fight
lieutenant Keld Elena I believe the
soldier referred to you as she nods you
can call me lieutenant rivers or Kell
rivers Elena's my first name what
interest is tavington smen have with
this bridge or the area beyond it you
are the wanted man aren't you for you
should have known but you did know
that's why we beat you up lord tavington
is has interests on the other side of
the river although why I would tell them
to a brigand like yourself beyond me
well right now it's because your life
literally held in our hands so I figure
if you care about your life the life of
your guards or the guards you have back
at that bridge you'll at least tell us
what interest you have that lies beyond
this river yeah a really sad people are
not suppose we're not supposed to kill
people we like do all the time so I
don't mess with us I'll stand there with
a rapier do God's neck you will be half
too though she looks lock in the eye and
says give me your word that you will
spare my men's lives and I will tell you
what you need to know I mean you've
already got a wanted poster for us out
it's not like killing you is going to
allow us to gain much so your men will
walk free for sure
good there's a old abandoned ruin the
base of the mountains Lord tavington
wanted us to build a bridge so he could
send people to go Russ around in it he
seems to have a great deal of interest
in archeology archaeology yes would you
send a fleet of soldiers to build a
bridge for an archaeological interest a
warring man like tavington doesn't seem
like the kind of person that would be
too interested in ancient history she
nods in agreement he's never been one
for history served under him for since I
was a young squire then you know about
Lord tavington killing Lords to give her
their people land nonsense he would is
an honorable man he would never do such
a thing
um do I believe her can I roll a can in
sight yeah well I'm sure going in sight
you think she's telling the truth or at
least she believes the truth that she's
telling I'm also observing carefully so
I'll do it too yeah yeah she seems to be
telling the truth Locke were you told
who was gonna be coming to investigate
these ruins after you'd constructed the
bridge do you have any idea what types
of people they're sending are they
sending scholars and historians or there
are more soldiers in line after you
we're told the bridge needed to be large
enough to transport a wagon so that's
what I've got for you
what does tavington think he'll find in
that cave of mine what's your you know
the cave that we seek cave or mine
more certainly you know that there's a
cave to be seeked yes yes you said some
sort of entrance at the base of the
mountains entrance near the river and
this entrance is leading you to what
what interest is Lord Tubbington have
here belly doesn't know she shakes her
head the brigand does rice if this is
really all the useful information she
has then maybe these people are worth
less to us and I thought can I stand up
and get my halberd and make to like I'm
about to kill one of the guards you gave
me your word sir you gave me your word
wait another thing one reason why are we
wanted for treason why you attacked one
of major tavington I'm sorry colonel
tavington 'he's
supply trains openly in the middle of
the day
wait did we do that you stole the book
from I think a few guards got away right
well cuz Midori accidently Midori killed
some of them okay killing his son okay
um yeah I'll cut the rope off the guard
that I was threatening all yeah and then
we can release the other two and send
them on the way I guess you can go
supervisor did you just bring up that I
you know I just said right I know I
heard it she knows more about okay
Locke knows that uh so you're gonna let
them all go even her we gave him our
word didn't we sure she specified her
guards she looked surprised when you go
to free her you're letting me live yeah
go supervise here guys is bridge we have
known no other business here she wait
what the guards look baffled too we can
like get something we can make her do
something I don't know add add something
and we got information from the
that we wanted to get some money like
she's pretty like noble and like pretty
just it seems like do you think that
there's any chance Locke that we could
convince her of the truth of like what
major tavington is doing she's been
working for him since she was a squire
do you think she's gonna believe a band
of rosy she doesn't she doesn't seem
like she has been involved in it at all
we just let free a thousand-year-old
vampire I don't think we have the time
here to sit try to convince her of
treason by her Lord stop saying this
[ __ ] in front of her should I feel like
she can be convinced now can I like do
another inside check dude all the women
of the world are here for you to
convince I'm doing real good roles today
uh Locke I don't think it's a good idea
to let the night
don't let it night go she's been
involved in his escapades for a long
time she's just a soldier she's no more
responsible than any foot soldier is
everything now and is gonna come back
and tell them the whole plan and then
what are we gonna do man what plan we
haven't told her anything we're just
interested I mean I have a feeling a lot
of people are gonna discover that
vampire I'm with Midori on this one
we're not here to just take hostages and
murder soldiers do that locks right
we're not murderers
Midori we're not gonna kill innocent
soldiers let them free go they should be
running right we I cut the ropes off the
two guards and the lieutenant she could
leave tiger voice yeah okay you're
heading down the road she has picked up
and shoots her weapon and walks over to
stand in front of you law I don't know
if you did this intentionally or just
because you're trying to get loot but
taking a fallen Knights armor is like a
very common thing back in the day like
terminan terminan tournaments you would
fight and the loser would oftentimes
give up their armor to another person to
be
ransomed back to their family so I don't
know something you're aware of but she
does approach you and say my family
lives in the distress plane I'm sure
they would be happy to have my Armour
back and pay you full price for it what
kind of price are we talking dozen
thousand gold pieces I think you've seen
I think I think you've seen our
intentions here are noble enough how
about I return to you your armor and you
take care of the bounty that's been
placed on us do have the authority to
revoke that she shakes her head you beat
me fair and square
it's yours and thank you for letting me
and my men go you know I will tell
tavington about this we will be on your
heels just as soon as we are able to I
tell her that bar bows are coming for
him and hell's coming with them
okay do what you must probably encounter
each other again in the future
you're looking into Ted colonel
tavington archaeology you may wish to
head to the talons
you seem to have some interest in them
and with that she will go and hop on her
horse and take off and catch up with her
soldiers leaving you guys to do whatever
wait are we giving her the horse sure we
don't need it we can't carry all four of
us on a single horse yep are we able to
rest in town now or do you think they're
gonna call the police probably shouldn't
get it down yeah after the world map
because if they're wanted posters for
you maybe going to the really big arms
bridge area yeah that might be a little
dangerous possible uh what are we three
four days from our buddy and Fenton
isn't gold he'll an independent town
they don't care visit pretty town yes
mm-hmm
three towns don't clear everything
it has no alignment it's its own city
seat so we can rest in tree with a gnome
let's go to Gold Hill - Gold Hill it is
rules you head to Gold Hill the road is
kind of windy fairly boring there's no
one else on it eventually you start
heading through this narrow canyon where
there's things like high walls 50 feet
high man good thing we have an owl
flying ahead of us that's definitely
making sure there's not archers or
somebody to ambush on both sides right
no right what is here I'll tell you
about this chasm the owl will tell you
that there are indeed like hidden spots
that are where it's very clearly set up
for people to spy or ambush from up here
but it's unoccupied at the time being oh
and then real quick we'll look to do
some supply caches and camp fire stored
about sorting um sorting out the
carrying of that plate male I believe
that's quite heavy how do we pounds what
are you giving you right now like I am
carrying a hundred twenty-seven I mean
I'm wearing chainmail which is 55 pounds
and and of itself what do you have that
you could like let me hold I don't think
I can take 65 pounds I mean I'd be oh
and then also I'm sorry maybe momento
saying we gotta cross was back from the
guards I imagine when we took okay how
much am I in covered if I have 99 pounds
on me and if I'm wearing the ring does
it help it off we add one set of what
did he puts the ring on the finger of
the plan on the glove apart
I wouldn't want to look at the ring for
a while I can examine the thing and then
tell you in like a day what it is yeah
toss it to the no because I trust him
though like lightly encumbered okay my
armor is I'll do that Miami is wrong
right now
should be sighting right so the plane
wheel on it everyone's it fixed it every
schedule no 17 perfect okay cool thank
you don't forget you also have the axe
oh yeah we took an axe from that tomb as
well it was created a deal it was four
pounds yeah that's it that was a that's
the corporate Italy come I do I have a
really bad sense of real life or as four
pounds of very [ __ ] light for it yeah
all right yeah okay um Koivu I'm gonna
be doing like a series of our Conor
checks like on that ring just to try to
get an idea of what it is for for
barbell right okay give me an orc an
attack I'll do one now I'm gonna good
one dude 14 is not enough at least for
now as you're walking with it and
examining it on the way you can't find
anything that it reacts to it doesn't
seem if you play with it you also feel
like your feet get a little um spry yeah
spry springy light sort of cereal I'll
keep trying my god yeah once we rest in
the place I'll keep trying what you put
the plate armor back on me so I can have
man coming look yes what happens when I
am incoming your movement rate is
reduced by 5 feet thank you
now I imagine this plate male isn't it's
hard to carry plate male without wearing
it yourself because it's this big bulky
thing that is the volume of a person so
you have to like carry it awkwardly how
does Chad bar vote what I was gonna do
is just put rope on it and then like
kind of just like have like a backpack
okay so you like tie the rope through
all the plate mail and like wear it over
your back and gaming and jangling on you
and then if I need to I can probably
just drop it easily
perfect perfect alright you guys make it
through this narrow section of Canyon up
this trail and into a badly burned small
little town most of the buildings are at
least partially submerged they only come
up like two or three feet do they like
set down into the earth and many of
those buildings that are partially not
submerged are damaged by fire and there
looks like there used to be some much
larger buildings that have completely
burned down this is a gold Hill this is
gold Hill yeah it looks like the town
has been sacked or ruined or destroyed
recently there is no one around the
seats look like fresh freshly destroyed
her every month at least a week okay so
it wasn't the the trails have like
melting and destruction and anything
what would it look like something
similar to what maybe a dragon would do
like those types of patterns a dragon
might fly definitely like this some even
melted rock can we pick out anything
here that looks like the remnants of a
store and maybe scurry for rations or
scavenge for rations or something cuz we
were looking for that earlier as you
walk around eventually someone will poke
their head out of a building it's a
dwarf hill poke his head out and said
who goes there are you friend or foe
much more friendly than whatever passed
through here last he with a nod of
satisfaction he comes on out and walks
over to you wait what
my name is darf it's nice to meet you
this is the shovel
no not a Shoveler do you do you know my
cousin
darf I do I know a Shoveler I had a nice
night of drinking with him seems
unlikely that you would know my cousin
how many doesn't see huh maybe
coincidence say 25 are they all
shovelers no do you think all dwarves
are shovelers and that's all we do
I'll speak some doorman to him you know
I know a lot of doors I'm friend I have
a bet my best friend's a dwarf he gives
a satisfactory nod any where's your best
friend then um where would a dwarf be a
flake I'll say he said I'll say he's
hanging at fend n:p nods in approval and
moves on without further thought hey
just wait no no moves on in conversation
yeah I'm sorry I'm not able to give you
a more lively welcome those bastards
from mystery of burned our town
installed their own backing in the mines
someone around here owns a dragon what
controls a dragon gives a slow sad nod
yes destroy those ten wanted it for
themselves I didn't like that we were
independent like what is mystery uh
should we know that that is the kingdom
that your kingdom is at war with on the
map I'm gonna just mark it it's this big
like peninsula that sticks out
surrounded by rivers it's surrounded by
canals everything that I circle in red
is mysterion gotcha okay cool yeah
aren't they being [ __ ] by a dragon
right now yeah they that is what you've
known they've been rules oppressively by
a dragon who's just been looting them
for generations
these dwarves are telling you something
that runs contrary to what you know well
because now they're saying that mystery
I brought another dragon to come and
rule them how many people are left here
how many people are left alive
Oh most of us dragon burned the
buildings but we're we're ready for war
we've always been ready for intruders
hid underground until their armies came
and captured and enslaved us left two of
her hatchlings behind one of them was
taken out by a group from the south
recently and the other well she stays in
the mines hmm guarding the gold
perhaps in exchange for a skilled Smith
and a place to sleep we could protect
you guys for a week goodbye
we need food as well well you're welcome
to stay
find what hospitality you can but you
might want to hide those weapons if the
guards come and find you
my guards free to no guard
well maybe we should be how many guards
do they not only send at a time it's
about to score here in town what's this
ours for 2020 2004 score seven years ago
[ __ ] we should remember that a fortnight
is 14 right yes okay I love for it I did
that I was a video game yeah your
funerals yeah do you have do you have a
blacksmith here that could sharpen a
weapon he nods
we have many okay before before we do
anything else perhaps we should talk to
the blacksmith then so that if we fight
those breakout at least we're ready yeah
I remember
our weapons are a little dull aren't
they lock kind of like you in the head I
look very oddly at the captain I'm not
really sure where that came from but I'd
nod we're friends I'm gonna give Midori
a nice look I'm gonna give them a very
nice look back
can I see what these nice looks are like
Bratz like this and Midori what's your
return next look
Thank You Ted all right uh this guy will
take you to his other cousin who works
at the Smith here in town ah
his cousin Sammy a Shoveler Sammy the
Shoveler I'm a blacksmith the adult Oh
Sammy this calling every door for
shoveling Sammy the Smith at your
service
you need a axes sharpened picks refined
I'm gonna show him our battle ax of
steel and ask him if he'd like to buy it
and we'd also like to get our sword
sharpened and my friend here we don't
have anybody that could wield this this
axe if you will by the axe from you all
this lot can't wait a wield the eggs I I
can't the gnome can't I think Midori is
John midoriya but this this steel axe so
powerful I am a death cleric it brings
so much more death with this still acts
than you ever could with a farm scythe
that what is the axe mom
Oh out of character what is this is it
rolling a higher hit roller damn roller
how does it against yeah against regular
damage on it 1d8
is it one-handed yeah
when you can't wield an axe you don't
have like proficiency and I say we can
sign oh I'm asking you my certain you
don't oh [ __ ] no uh no wait I mean how
much is he offering to purchase the axe
for five thousand copper pieces just 50
gold mm-hmm I think that yeah it's not
add extra it's probably it's worth it
just to sell it we can sell it then we
can pay for our wait hold on it's not
wood so being a person of noble descent
and being a well versed in these types
of exotic weapons just five thousand
coppers sound fair for a steel forged
axe or does that sound real oh it sounds
like he's buying it for the metal it
contains and he's just paying you the
price of the weight of the metal so it's
maybe a little bit lower than if you
were buying it like a brand-new axe yeah
you just buying it for its it's iron
content
okay I mean yeah if you want to sell it
to him we can split the gold I guess
yeah I'll sell to him and then ask him
how much it would be to sharpen my
rapier he'll throw it in for free since
you gave him a good deal on the axe oh
it might help hurt as well yep boss and
his armor will you fix it how about a
fixing can you reforged your armor
blacksmith or how long would it take you
no no I'm not an armor Smith I got a
cousin who is though Sammy what is your
cousin's name can he be found in the
city no no no he lives in bridge games
ah could you bring your cousin to us we
would pay his travel fees of course sure
I'm sure he would do it for the job what
do you think he would charge - uh -
refor drummers such as this reforged and
his cousins we think they'd be willing
to do it yeah it's just a foreigner
grammar huh
totally yeah you travel I mean he was
saying there's issues with the sigils
stuff I'm not removing the said you lock
give it hell yeah probably gonna be like
15% of the cost to fix it so you're
looking at thirteen thousand copper yeah
335 goal to get it sorted so it'll fit
you properly okay we can do that during
the week we're resting right do you have
that gold I have the 50 from max well we
should fit I mean that 50 is split
between each of us that's 5000 copper
split between four people right yeah so
it's 1250 per person do we want all add
that real quick twelve one two 1250
copper per person or twelve golden 50
cops
so he says it'll probably take about two
weeks plus or minus you know the cousins
that knows this stuff will give you a
better estimate but that to fix all the
armor to make it fit you is probably
gonna take a week or two okay that's
fine and then how much you think that'll
cost thirteen thousand five hundred
copper 930 thirteen thousand five so 135
gold gold yeah
okay I mean which city does he work in
bridge game breach I'm here Jim I don't
know if we want him to come here I don't
know if I would trust this place he's
got a bridge cave yeah but maybe we
could sneak the armor in will your
friend work discreetly I could stick it
on dwarf Sammy excuse me sorry I thought
you were talking to him well your friend
work discreetly if we have a project
that we would like carried out alerting
to many other people about it oh now
you're asking the real questions come on
down with me he says and emotions you
into a subterranean dwelling okay
earlier he had some food in your home I
haven't eaten freely today he will
immediately bring you all a mug of
slightly warm ale and give you some
stewed with some rice sorry it's meager
but it's what we got here
mighty fine dwarf as for keeping things
quiet depends on what the deal is what
do you got who are we trying to keep
things from um the general Bridgegate
would be would be ran by tubbington's
man right like they would have a pretty
strong foothold there or not his men
directly but people alive with him yeah
basically we've come across a set of
armor that may or may not belong to one
of tavington men and we would like this
armor reforge to fit me without any of
those people becoming aware of what's
taking place do you think it's possible
I don't know a major tavington so I
ain't gonna say anything to anyone
my cousin
well it's tavington a dretke sein or mr.
Ian feller he's human
uh he would be he's definitely not a
mystery in from mystery or whatever
kissing
yeah I'm sure to be fine okay humans and
they're not YouTube aside of course but
humans in their ridiculous war mongering
and nonsense can't keep themselves still
long enough to set up a good plan
yeah a short people got to stay together
buddy
dude drawers like gnomes dorms and
gnomes are distant related
distantly related cousins they don't
necessarily get along well but they have
a mutual respect that comes from shared
interests and height so you guys can
just kick it here for a couple of weeks
and reforge your armor can answer oxenby
as the meadow feel like pay for this on
his own I can't do it man okay so cough
up 135 gold okay give him his money ten
copper is one gold or is it a hundred
coverage my gold one hundred coppers are
the gold hundred cars one gold okay so
135 correct uh-huh okay and I have one
ninety four so you get so much gold okay
I don't know it's just my character she
that's the right answer
yeah we don't listen I've keep it I
haven't spot anything at all this entire
campaign okay John yeah the fact that
you take all of it and don't split it
ever with the rest of oh yeah I'm sure
this probably has is somebody else's
gold as well but um I changed a life
okay so I what about the ring oh sorry
5900 left on my character shape can I
take off the plate I'm here yes please
remove it from your character sheet what
do you do with your chain armor here you
sell it keep it my chain armor yeah
can I see well I want to hold on to
until I have the new armor are we just
kind of fast-forwarding to that um I
guess I am kind of skipping ahead a
little bit you're right that's okay
right well no no do you want to do that
we were at the next week I have the new
armor nothing bad is out no the meantime
there might be a couple of things to
happen to me
that's what I thought all right that's
something I'm gonna go ahead and hold
out of my armor then in the meantime
show up he will take the job he doesn't
give a [ __ ] that it's lady winters
rivers he'll set to work on it and why
do you think so do you wanna know it's
really it's pretty well on there you
could hammer it out but it would be
extra yeah let me know you learned that
there is a group of men here armed
guards that hang out near the mine their
job at this point it's pretty much
guards mine make sure that the dwarves
mine gold and then when they mine gold
that it goes up to mystery ax the dorms
can take a small share for themselves
they're not trying to like run this camp
into into the ground they want it to be
profitable and keep working so that's
that they will come down into the town
area from time to time but since all of
the big communal structures have
recently been destroyed in combat you
guys and more or less avoid them if you
just stay away from the mine for the
whole week how many soldiers are there
40-ish how many come down nevermind
let's wait a minute okay yeah god is
Melissa allowed to are you able to tell
me what the ring does yet well I got a
couple things I can do and Kobes ready
yeah I'm ready for Yuma let's see let's
do it so the first thing is the ring for
sure by pitcher in a week I'd be able to
run enough our kind of checks to figure
out what are those or do you want me to
I'm gonna need you to give me like an
identification spell or find some other
way of doing it or kind of check in and
of itself is not enough to identify
everything that you need about it your
identify rolls or bananas though are
they yeah I think yeah maybe with you
thinking that so what what uh what what
kind of thing can I do as a wizard just
without any knowledge like I just take
it back to him and I'm like I don't know
so you can take
[Music]
so there's the identify spell
there's finding you know going to a
scholar who might be able to identify
something for you and other than that
it's pretty much trial and error if you
can come up with things that you want to
test like it might be a ring of
protection from fire you could try like
putting on the ring and then walking you
know putting your hand over a flame and
you could try different things if you
have an eye some sort of inkling of what
it might be if you're gonna need either
someone who has access to this knowledge
or someone with access to an identify
spell but discovering the purpose of
magical items is a gonna be a more
complicated process than standard five
eating if he wants me to test a few
things I'm okay I can tell you what I
can test if he can't figure it out on
his own totally better the way your the
way your identify rules work is what
again it's like a hundred gold per test
and then there's something to it like
what's your house this identifies spell
yeah 100 GP cast to talk to an
individual about it and have someone
identified for you the the cheaper way
but the longer way I'm trying to find my
notes that I sent you on this yeah like
maybe five to twenty gold depending on
the rarity and complexity of the item by
giving that just like a wizard who
identifies stuff and does tricks in town
for people okay can I just try a couple
of things too at the week I'll tell you
what I do just really like what else
okay I'll jump up and down nope nothing
okay
I will ask like all a school Barbeau to
like throw something at me and then see
if I'd like can move out of the way
faster wait these are boots right not a
ring it's a ring no it's a ring yeah
with their boots as well am I just
getting my two things yeah they're boots
I grabbed them what do they do
no I didn't I'm sorry I'm flying with
you I feel like we're maybe it was just
a ring okay okay this is exactly I can
you again okay so let's say like I'll
have I'll have him Barbeau throw
something at me and see if I dodge it
faster or doesn't seem to be
contributing to a see what a good note
cast can you walk on water I'll try to
I'll try to jump off a small like ledge
like maybe like like you know something
it just like a few feet and see if I
fall slower you do not mmm can you walk
a wetter run in a circle and see if you
get tired less quickly I'll do that run
around for hours you get exhausted at
the regular rate I don't know this is
all my smarts all right try it yeah you
can try it
um can I ask - can I try to walk on
water yeah you can walk on water
wait what yeah oh cool
sick the ring of water walking hey can I
breathe underwater no okay wait but you
can walk on it
what happens if you go underwater and
you put the ring on oh can I walk on the
top of the world you can walk on the top
of the water and then you can dive down
inside but once you're submerged it
doesn't really have an effect until
you're fully out of the water again so I
can kind of like pick and choose when I
want it to like work uh no if you say if
your feet touch water first god walking
on it but then once you break the water
and go down below not so much but I
can't get back on top of the water until
I'm fully unsub merged correct thank you
cool so also like if you were hit by a
large wave while walking that would
bring would warn you at all below it and
you would yeah yeah so long as you can I
run up the wave if it's just a gentle
wave right but if it's a big crashing
one you can't yeah I can't like down
yeah got it I have more to do quiver
yeah before it um so I picked up a while
back in the campaign and that dungeon I
picked up a shamans staff he told me to
add one shaman staff and one shaman
headdress that's what that's what you
said they were called yeah
it's and I'd like to like take those out
for the first time and examine them they
are very decorative there's lots of
small beads and bones and feathers and
like carvings inside the staff of like
figurines all along it perhaps telling a
story if you understood the mythology
here or something like that
intricate and interesting but unmagical
yeah and then it was this in regards
also the obsidian gems in the turquoise
jams and the uncut diamond earring not
magical but they're just worth cash what
about the the even the earring that was
holding the vampiress vamp rest uh yeah
I was just an earring of hers that she
had okay is there nobody in town in our
week that we could fence these two yes
yes there are people that you can sell
it to okay can i yeah
can we start we can unload this cash
right here and right now let me just get
my say one wanna buy no Lear's
no one wants to buy your filthy
disgusting rotting years question about
the ring yes well it's just water is it
can't be like any other kind of liquid
yeah I don't think you have a pool of
liquid large enough to test it on in
another way maybe if you could make like
a barrel full of blood you could try it
on wine what if we pee in the same spot
for this turret week you just like get a
puddle of pee put one foot gently on it
is this a test you want to run are you
all gonna share a piss pot for now yeah
I'd be down to try wine just said uh
unless it's really expensive staring me
she give to me the most reasonable
person to have it is Steven like party
wise but no wrote Barbeau also would be
useful with this yeah barbecue uh your
your obsidian gemstones yep are worth
ten each ten gold ten gold each you can
sell them for nine so that least the how
many gems did you have I have five
obsidian gems I've know what other gems
did you have I have a huge uncut diamond
five pair silver pair of earring a five
so depending your uncut diamond huges
[Music]
your uncut diamond is gonna go for a
hundred and fifty gold pieces oh that
will be what the the guy will spy it
from you or I'll have to cut it into
something more valuable and then 12
turquoise gems the turquoise are also
worth 10 you can sell for nine so so
nine times 12
okay yeah are we splitting all this we
can will community buy things
okay so 180 plus my 150 right oh I'm
keeping track of everything I'm asking
is on my personal character [ __ ] okay
cool I'll keep track of mine yeah does
anyone else or anything I want to get
rid of loot cell how much should we
split how much we get sorry we haven't
split it you I upholding toted in 12
world at the moment I'm holding a head
and ever sharing a treasure with you why
I'm fine to split what does that the
uncut diamond earrings how much of these
are five silver 5 silver I have it on
mine five silver a pair of earring
mm-hmm oh okay so then I'm just gonna
toss that in collect five silver as well
like seven gemstones but I don't know
what this does there's probably the
opinion gemstones
they're probably 10 GP each so they sell
for nine how many did you have
okay it's another 63 gold for you did
anyone want to buy my staff and
headdress no major tavington is into
archaeology them whole sell the two
before it does
can we buy rations totally how much is a
rash or how much is like 20 rations
five silver for one day so that's like
20 rations for one gold or something or
how much it would be 20 rations for
weight is 10 silver one gold or is it a
hundred silver it's tense over to the
gold
oh really maybe that's 20 rations okay
yeah that's two silver for a ration you
can get five for a gold Oh
so five gold for 20 Russians five gold
for five rations no one gold for five
rations yeah okay 24 24 for 20 okay um
I'll buy I'll buy four for me so I have
21 rations now because I had one Midori
and Gerald are you guys out of food okay
I'll buy I'll buy for each of them so
I'm spending eight gold and I'm getting
each of them 20 rations
okay wow thanks Locke
yeah welcome adore I wouldn't want you
going hungry I bought mine about 20
excellent now do any of you venture
anywhere near the mouth of the mine or
that side of town town connect runs away
from the mine well it's sort of a long
strip our our weapons repaired yet yeah
you can get your weapons repaired yes
burned it was badly damaged yes most of
the dwarves they had their [ __ ]
underground and then they have like
maybe their shop fronts up on the
surface as dwarves do irrespective yeah
so they won't have anything in your size
already Midori but they can fix things
for you or create anything custom you
want okay do we have like ribbons mm-hmm
I want a cute little ribbon for my site
okay but I explained a picture next week
with the site that has a ribbon on it oh
I will try this we
get me ribbons for mine do you wanna
have matching ribbons captain barber
yeah I do here I can order to thank you
do you want one too look okay I'd like
one for my hair why don't we all get
matching ribbons yeah together as a
group for a long time right it could
signify our friendship and teamwork and
stuff like that maybe based on the fact
that we have a bounty for all of us we
shouldn't have easily discernible
features was Chad right are you guys are
we are we called the barbers no he did
you called us chatted the barbells yeah
is that our name as a group well we
don't have chat anymore so I guess we
can just be mr. Chad all comforter are
you comforted by his comforting always
being strong muscular arms around me
right now his big strong muscular arms
are definitely holding you okay I
thought a little smile and burst I look
at lock while I do it
okay if we're done with hiss whew Jenna
hugging each other
how many have any what Wizards know any
spells no when the army came through
they [ __ ] they murdered all the
Wizards and took all their shits what
happens with Wizards a week anything for
Nome Wizards in this game two sessions
ago instead of persuasion yes sure that
was a solid I admit it all right all
right
have we yeah have we rested it all yet
er yeah it's been a few days okay can I
restore my stuff then are we good on
that order that's all I want to know
is there anything else we want to do
yeah when I investigate the mines let's
take a look and see what's going on here
all right great Lily did you want me to
take a dinner break at this point well
she's been chowing down okay am i able
to sorry was is there an orphanage in
this town oh my god there didn't used to
be but they had to open one up recently
because I'm sorry for what I said I'd
like to get a donate 25 gold to the
orphanage
wow that is such a nice thing to do the
orphanage is run by this old dwarven
woman who's basically got no vision left
and she just spends all day knitting
them hats and scarves and she's got like
too many hats and scarves now and not
enough kids for them but she's just
going on knitting hats and scarves cuz
no that's what she does and eventually
they'll be war children she takes the 25
gold thanks you profusely and
immediately spends it all on new
furnishings for the area no guys out and
hires some people to build a little bit
bigger beds they could fit more kids in
each bed and get next to blanket to keep
everyone warm because it's been cold
lately at night you know it's getting on
for it's winter now and I look at
Captain barbells with admiration
sparkling in my eyes and think to myself
how can such a perfect human being exist
it's very imperfect in game in arrow
push it two weeks later a fortnight
later your armor is done
it fits you pretty well we've done a
pretty good job of it the the stretching
and the pulling and the twisting to get
it in the right spot is fine but you
know it's clearly been slightly altered
it's not the most immaculate set of
plate Mel you've ever worn in your life
but it is plate mail but it's plate mail
it's gives you AC 18 you're never gonna
[ __ ] die or even get it uh feliza
Maisie [ __ ] again sorry I fix it I
should be able to find this item and
just drag it
yes it's here do it this way and we'll
get rid of your chainmail what are you
doing with your chainmail
um can I sell it this what we need it I
don't know she can wear already I want
that is that better than chained scans
on what her dexterity is steel mill
interacts with your deck stiffly yeah
Midori you would probably be better off
with chainmail instead of scale mail
hand it over
give it Cyril och now yeah give it to me
walk stop being greedy I see you with
all that gold on you yeah can I join you
she'll wear vintage
yes she can yeah chain is wonderful
because it doesn't need to be sized it's
big and baggy and it can fit anyone how
much gold you have on your Midori why do
you ask all right I'll give it to her
wear it I'm good wear it in good health
getting closer as friends now thank you
next time you think about putting
somebody to sleep forever okay remember
that I gave you this scale Mel I'll
think about it when you're sleeping sure
I think about it every night Thanks log
thanks Midori hey luck
what can I have some gold yeah what do
you need it for buddy how much do you
need buddy um I want to buy another
spell when I go back into town sounds
like Captain Barbossa ready to make a
donation to the gnome fund 5050 how much
do you need no I think it's a hundred
gold per one I want to buy I don't even
50 okay I'll give her 50 Thanks we're
all helping each other I feel such
what's the word commader
camaraderie we check come on during are
you sure ejected matching ribbons I
think it would be best right now to
remain as inconspicuous as possible
you're right
sorry I'll think of something else
lock your heavily encumbered at this
point I am indeed I was hoping you
wouldn't notice
jiminee I did wholesome [ __ ] he needs to
lose 18 pounds of gear Neil I feel like
it's [ __ ] up nope it's correct
oh no it's incorrect right because you
don't have the ration weight on there
there we go now it's better you're
heavily number two I'm going to toss the
crossbow and I'll believe any of that oh
is it because of the gold possibly I got
gold 50 coins to the pounds that's next
for three pounds on you I have 60 wait
what did does anybody else here need my
crossbow or can I sell a crossbow like
crossbow you can sell it here they will
they will sell it he'll buy it from you
how much gold they will buy a market
value because they like crossbow yep
2500 copper so 25 gold no buy it for 25
from you and sell it to the guards for
30 I can take some of your [ __ ] Locke if
you need we have I have five silver
earrings what do I do with those they're
worth five silver you've already sold it
oh I had done those are different okay
whatever I'm just doing that okay we've
got a Dory you were heavily encumbered
you you've got a problem here okay scale
mill can I get rid of I did get a spell
yeah I have so much stuff okay I want to
get rid of my cross post isn't you'll
find your five crossbows one crossbow
that weighs five pounds are you good on
wait long can we ask you a 10 are you do
you guys all have bed rolls for seven
pounds yes we could just get a tent for
the party that that's not and then we
don't have bed rolls for example bed
roll is something to sleep on 10 to
something to cover you is there like a
smaller a bed roll can I cut my bed roll
size in half cuz I'm a gnome shouldn't
it not be 7 pounds yes you have hit on a
very tricky problem in D&D in order to
simplify everything everything's given
one way
and one Val cost it so like chain mail
for gnome ways and cost the same amount
as chain mail for a human even though
they're completely different sizes yeah
and you can't get into that economy gets
really [ __ ] tricky and the solution
is to ignore it and pretend gnome
chainmail weighs the same as human chain
mail because otherwise it's just like
wait sizes for everything in gnomes and
dwarves are different sizes but then
also how does a gnome have a team
strength when a human can have a team
strength like the whole world breaks if
you look at that too closely Saddam I'm
just asking for a half weight bedroll
first point given to man I can't give it
to you it was slippery slope argument
what are you saying
two people can share a bed roll I'll
share a story two people can share a bed
roll that's I mean I'll share a bed roll
with Locke no hang him a door with a num
pounds more less encumbrance I'm gonna
want a hempen rope is 50 feet of rope
correct yeah okay I've got three of
these so I'm gonna reduce that to one
and numbers oh wait hold on maybe two
okay okay just one so I'll have 50 feet
of rope great Midori you need to get to
130 pounds or less okay drop 18 as well
how much do I need to drop your good
buddy
all right says I'm encumbered nice
one-handed right
that's like there's a two-handed weapon
then I can't even use to shield right
that's true okay Shelton I haven't been
using it anyway so what if I buy a
child's bed roll it's then we have
child's armor - you're you're the same
argument man we have no look you guys we
have a donkey he know we've been
carrying a donkey with us dominate kill
it yeah Dominic can hold all of this
[ __ ] that you're throwing away [ __ ]
Dominic is alive and well get him in I'm
gonna get rid of the rope you wanted to
go on to dominate all right scrap your
rope I'm adding a rope to Dominic
- and and five torches yeah okay um
sorry never about me being encumbered
you are encumbered like you're
encumbered so you get your weight down
to 100 and I'm at 73 way and this isn't
becoming yeah
thirteen times five is that the point at
which you would no longer be covered so
it's sixty five talents were less so you
need to drop like eight pounds nine
pounds I'm gonna put ten rations into
Dominic there you go you have a chart or
something where you're keeping track of
what Dominic is holding yeah I'm in
throw it on the bio it's a chill that's
fine hold on Dominic - yep still a
little heavy does he have one bedroll or
two with lilies
is he taking a Lily's bedroll all right
Dominic is taking Lily's bedroll thank
you Steve do you want to hold anything
no hold on oh my stuff all right
so lock is just lightly encumbered wow
you're right on there is I like holding
on to my stuff there 20 pounds per ten I
like holding on my stuff Midori's
lightly covered and chad is not
encumbered right Dora put ten rations on
to Dominic as equal if you want me to
yeah yeah okay I will
I'm also fighting why is it 55 55 is
still encumbered for me there's an
ambition your strength yes five times
your strength is the point at which you
become encumbered uses yep and rations
one is two pounds each
yep that's a Dave food also Nome should
eat less food than humans but you know
you're right we do but they have the
same average strength as a human so
we're gonna give them all the same
weight stuff as a human okay I'll put 20
rations on the [ __ ] donkey you had
zero rations on you
no I have one rash on me cuz I 21 before
so Dominic is 50 rations with anybody
else in rations on Dominic I'm gonna go
ahead and put I'll put five torches on
him as well put it down
there you go heading to our Kazan
Dominic you put 12 on him I put 12
rations on him okay so we're at 52
rations wait I have a holy symbol can I
want to [ __ ] out this is awesome I feel
like I'm playing Fallout this is what I
do I [ __ ] lame enjoy about two hours
yeah we're good right I actually picked
up 17 nails in the last tomb we were in
can I sell those or in the donkey the
income paid the song can't be encumbered
but hopefully he won't be okay I like
their way the first song he dies were
done okay I'm gonna miss when are you
ready go okay I'm putting one bed roll
on okay I'm also putting my rope on or
150 feet of rope okay um I'm gonna put
my one water skin on as well okay thank
you keep that on you but I need to get
down to 82 be not encumbered at all
right five times your strength mm-hmm
what do I need a backpack for what does
it even do for me do I need this hold
all your [ __ ] like your mess kit your
tinderbox your torches and your rations
all fit in your backpack but if you
chuck the backpack and you just have
your armor and your halberd and you
should have five pounds of clothes then
that's fine too oh my god okay thanks
okay okay I'm putting I'll put my
backpack on as well then okay so you
that includes your mess kit your
tinderbox your torching your one day of
rations correct yep you got a no rations
on you that's correct
cool I will wear your backpack and I'm
removing these items for my character
sheet okay yes I have it what is that
noise who's doing that he got you did it
end him kneel ban him what'd I do
somebody is taking screenshots he's
making this noise it's Lily
yep there she is oh my god she's so
[ __ ] guilty
nevermind it's Devin wait what we can
hear you taking Geass owes someone's
thing a screenshot with screenshots okay
you regardless of who it is we're good
okay I'm sorry one more thing one more
thing and then I'm done I want to take
one torch away and hold one torch those
are one pound each right so we have nine
torches okay
in dominate can i light this on my own
or do I need the tinderbox as well do
you do need the tinderbox if you want to
get particular about it okay and that's
one pound as well or yeah great I don't
care got them both on me one torch one
tinderbox plate armor and a halberd it's
all a man needs clothes did you never
have you not been wearing clothes this
whole session are they listed on your
item sheet are close five counts as I
know my only travel naked your clothes
are part of your weight that we don't
have to worry about they're normally
five pounds but we'll just we're gonna
leave it it's fine fine
okay two weeks have passed you've got
your armor
you've repacked to Dominic with all of
your [ __ ] so you can all move much more
quickly now everything is good I think
so okay two weeks later okay can we
investigate the mind to see what's going
on down there
mm-hmm well while I was asked on the
party like we should go investigate the
minds guys we need to find out okay okay
so let's find a safe vantage point to
investigate what's going on in the minds
so let's talk about the town then the
town run slightly uphill that's got one
Main Street with kind of buildings on
the sides of it and some a little bit of
sprawl and then at the top is the mine
and that's where they mine the gold from
it was stationed who is stationed right
now it said the mine what does it look
like how many soldiers are watching over
this you can see what looks to be about
20 soldiers standing and sitting around
some of them in official positions some
of them just playing cards and drinking
together
socializing one of them is counting
dwarves as they walk in the mine and
about how many of them are they about 20
any soldiers can i I ball I'm like what
kind of are these like these like real
tough soldiers are they like fighting
clubs in the past who would they be like
like the people we fought last time they
look like you're common everyday
recruits are these like the shooter like
a see like 12 a see like the 2d 5 HP
guards or what do the 2d 8 HP guards
yeah the ones that have like chain mail
or maybe a change shirt in the shield
and a spear and not much else going on
there's also at least one officer up
there they're having a hard time
spotting them from your like vantage
point so far away that you're not in
order to not reveal yourself you can't
get to a spot where you can see the
officer but there's got to be at least
one officer theoretically speak when I
have a like scoped like see nope those
are super expensive
theoretically speaking oh [ __ ] I was a
totally just forgot I was gonna ask you
rightfully speaking now I lost sent I
went to keep gone for injured wait what
we doing do we want to nice lock dude do
we want to Acker like are we just
scoping it out I mean I don't know what
we have to gain from attacking these
guards wait why do we care about this
mine are the so the doors are being
exploited like really hard
well but I mean it sounds like the
guards are probably defending the town
as well I mean as long as these guards
are here working I can't imagine
anything else is going to come and
destroy the city
wasn't this a free town before that had
its own Lake it was a friendship and has
sons been subjugated yeah but we can't
free a city from it from the land of
mysterious or mystery if they send
another contingent of soldiers they'll
overrun it again immediately
is it that important would mrreow do
that they care yeah but I think that
they would care I mean it's a gold
mining town right it's a how is this
town been free thus far
how would it's nobody conquered it so
far it seems like it would be well
you've got a whole week so I'm sure
you've chatted with the others about
that and they explained to you that the
approach to the town comes up through
this narrow canyon and normally they've
got this large reservoir that they hold
back that they've got the ability to
open and burst and flood the canyon
drowning any advancing armies and
they're trained outside of that canyon
is really difficult to go across and
they have catapults crossbows and
ballistas and all sorts of wonderful
defensive tools they're in a really good
like geographical defensive position
gotcha
okay so underground but a dragon comes
and they just get rapped cuz
theoretically I don't dream neela you
set up to do this I can do anything what
do you want okay um let's free a town
baby I think I think if we split these
guards in half I think we could take I
can take it at least twelve guards okay
twelve guards you baby take 20 20 guards
so you want to walk in here on your own
captain Barbeau and just let loose see
what it did those Knowles
these aren't Knowles these are soldiers
these are well trained men even dumber
wait behind the guards isn't there a
dragon it's like a baby dragon a little
dragon in there yes it's a little dragon
somewhere in the mine but he's garden
gold he's not gonna come up and like
[ __ ] with us well if we're attacking
soldiers on the outside that's totally
plausible does the dragon care about the
soldiers or just the gold store isn't I
mean the dragon is what I call it the
soldiers I imagine they call the dragon
back if they needed help with this
little dragon be under control of the
soldiers you're just the big dragon all
right didn't they literally use this
little dragon to take over the town was
not the whole building who's the big
dragon to take over the town then she
left two babies here Oh Chloe's a fine
little dragon it's a good question you
talk to the dwarves with you
and they tell you that both of the
dragons are white as it was then all
compared to the red one yeah one is dead
unfortunate yeah
wait how did that one die some group of
people came up here to try and liberate
the town that killed one dragon I heard
about the second ones that [ __ ] it
wasn't up here and then just left what
was their name their name groups as a
bunch of misfits all sorts of people
previous campus how BIG's the dragon uh
the body is thirty feet with another
30-foot tail what so how old would you
say that dragon is he I mean are you
trying to pull a monster on the staff
walking it is not an adult dragon hey
little baby dragon
it's I haven't looked at the fiery red
dragon staff loss is it like a
thousand-year-old dragon but it looks
twelve not good maybe you know that's
always a possibility so it's probably a
worm Ling or a young dragon hard to tell
what's your plan I need to free the town
or do you want to go back to the firstly
we should be reasonable men about this
you communicate with either Darfur Sammy
and find out if they'd be willing to
offer us anything in exchange for
liberating the town I'm sure we could
use whatever resources they are help us
um I don't think that dwarves are gonna
go is there a strong race Steve a strong
a strong race I don't think a race is
gonna be willing to fight these armed
guards otherwise it would have rose up
already know they would have risen up
already maybe they need we could create
a distraction in the town come over here
tell the guards something is going on
however many run back we take care of
those guards it's effectively split them
in half and then we take out the other
half up here
why are we doing this at all I'm just
curious
free of town I mean one less I mean it's
a sack city I mean I feel uncomfortable
walking away if we can we could free the
city no yeah it's just like don't we
have like a question of the shire [ __ ]
it let's go let's do it I mean we can
help people out along the way can we
yeah I guess in the week then if we
talked to darf and Sammy are there any
kind of maybe my magical make me magical
items that they might have found or
maybe any kind of smithing service maybe
any type of Steel weapons they think
they could Forge for us or anything we
could free city like this I'm sure it'd
be great for them to be able to keep all
their gold or do they seem interested in
the city being freed as well of course
absolutely can we claim ourselves as
Lords of the city we don't have the time
to hold the city down
yeah that's do they are their doors
willing to rise up and help us no really
Dorf will tell you that they're not
gonna fight you'll want to set us free I
ain't gonna stop you buddy but don't
expect me to go throw my life away on a
fool's errand surely you have some sort
of reward in exchange for us helping you
though I'm sure did I give you my whole
house I don't have much use for a dwarf
house well I don't have much that you
would have use for them you don't have
any sort of extra iron or mineral around
here that you could use before the
stronger blade comes small amount of
wealth that I would personally be giving
be happy to give you but if I had some
sort of stronger blade I could forge a
kindness of your heart I think we can do
more good helping the people of the
other land not here in Gold Hill this
doesn't seem like our fight right now we
can come back can we team that dragon
though is there anything we could do
with a dragon like are we capable of
taking a dragon prisoner or was that way
beyond us I don't think we can tame a
dragon that's a little far yeah
all right we'll see about that should we
find out more about like the vampire and
tavington stuff okay is there any
vampire hunters here nope
okay yeah I say instead of being wanted
I guess by two large limbs then we walk
away from this yeah okay we'll be back
though unless of course we forget no
promises I will never forget I will be
back
I'll put I'll put it in the show notes
all right you guys are gonna go
somewhere else now let's figure out
where you're heading um where would we
go for if we wanted to find out so do we
still have this book that gave us the
the infrared the ability to come here
they'd had it marked with or do left in
we left with Y with Y yeah okay oh we
should go back to Wyatt right we told
them what we were doing and he was like
supportive so maybe he knows next steps
yeah we should go to what seems like why
I was confused but yeah already there
was also that hint that Cal rivers gave
you right she said if you're looking for
more info all right yeah Larry what
what'd she say she said to go to the
palace for more information where the
talons of the talons are I love sailing
uh there are a series of islands down in
the south yeast frozen over it's all
snowy and Barbeau as a sailor you would
know that the talons are rumored to be
home to these massive birds they're
called rocks I've seen are like 60 foot
wingspan they can pick up elephants with
their claws they're massive creatures
they're awesome mm-hmm
I will hype it up to the party
okay I should go to offend Africa then
let's take a quick stop talk to you our
boy Wyatt and then head to toe quickly
yeah
alrighty speedrun this let's do it now
there's one big problem
yep how are you going to get back into
dreck is the only bridge over the river
Vodun is here in bridge gate I know I
know
can I just carry people oh sorry Lily go
ahead Victoria please what were you
gonna say you can just take turns
carrying eita well that's true I'll
carry you Faris m'lady I mean I'd love
to I'd love nothing more all right you
can find some spot along this river here
where you can pull this off most of the
river canyon south of bridge gate is
actually like in a canyon well below but
up here it's not quite canonized so you
can go ahead and just cross and head on
in hey all right
us in the yep the whole party yep
alright you're gonna carry the donkey
across the water it happened 500 pounds
of [ __ ] what is the weight of a donkey
what about unfortunately everything in
D&D kind of falls apart if you give
different weights to different animals
so we just kind of have to simplify and
keep them all the same way actually the
donkey across is gonna be a problem I
hadn't thought of it
can the donkey wear like a ring on the
earth they can't wear a ring meal
wait Midori midoriya Midori's the person
that's most changed from all of us can't
she just go along with
the donkey across the bridge while we
are varied across underneath the night
so going to the gnome can press the
digitation her and make her look
different yeah you yeah we're good
because you're the only one that's
completely unchanged from the bounty
your cleric as well well the gnome could
tease anyone is he right yeah I don't
know if he can do it himself because
Preston Oh does last an hour yeah okay
that's enough time okay
Midori you've done it multiple times now
you'd like the best one at it maybe you
should do it it'd make me so happy
wait we have to make them leave whoever
goes across you have to make look
different because now the knight and the
soldiers have seen the evil Midori
maybe we shouldn't send a Clary across
because it's pretty rare for Claire to
be up here anyways especially Liggett
that's very true
okay I'll do it press situations that
make him into it I make him into a
dawdling old man make him use make me
into another noble person a noble
looking Madison appearance you need like
you know you need alter self to change
your own appearance how do you alter
someone else's can't do what you can do
I can do saw an image I can do minor
image and all kinds of thing before
before we would have left the gnome
place or whatever could I buy a very
cool anime cape that like covers part of
the front of me and the back of me so
that it covers the sigil as well nice
that's just a regular cake but you just
one side of it yeah whatever is big
enough to cover the thing okay yeah wait
which anime don't even know what an
anime keep me whatever would be big
enough to cover the front and not like
while that cape is actually only over
your neck so the sigil is completely
visible me I'll tell you traveling
traveling cloak that's what I was
looking for that was the word I was
gonna cry okay yeah cool and so how are
you going to hide him Gerald's Jarrell's
gone
I need to get over this next point I
hate you
whoa what is that the kind of Clerk look
I don't know what you're linking this
okay now what exactly that's a good
anime cloak okay I like it for sure
thank you out of ten
all right Gerald how are you going to
disguise lock because prestidigitation
is an hour but it won't work silent
image is only ten minutes
how long does it take to cross a bridge
at what point do you want to have the
gnome walking away from him right like
if the two of them walk up to the bridge
oh sure I guess well it's obviously in
front of everyone so you need some
distance away from the bridge where they
won't see the change happening and then
won't see the gnome run away from
someone else like why just go there you
go that'll work
yeah change itself yeah I'm just gonna
go I'm gonna be the dawdling old gnome
I'm gonna be like an even older gnome
it's like really old with like a walking
stick and I'm gonna change it so I don't
really look like a wizard I look like a
traveling merchant kind of and like you
know yeah definitely that I'm not gonna
be ripped like my bike Gerald is like
yeah I'm gonna so you get to the bridge
over here at bridge gate the rest of the
party has crossed the river themselves
you're just taking the donkey and all
the supplies through Bridge gate and
there's no line to get into town it's
just the bridge crosses the thing and
then a group of guards on the other side
and child chatting with themselves until
you get about 30 feet away then they
stand up and look your direction and as
you arrive they say good day sir no
hello there my boy how are you doing
today
this fine day mmm for Iams this fine day
ah not too gray would you say don't
worry yourself with rhymes old one it's
fine we are looking for poor treasonous
brigands he pulls out the wanted poster
oh my have you seen any of them
oh no not not bad that's that I couldn't
stand it
what about this one he's a gnome -
you've seen any wizard gnomes traveling
about hmm whereabouts would they be my
boy they were spotted in the direction
you were coming from sir
Oh III do believe ah I I had well I had
heard I was just selling my items in in
in God Hill and I heard maybe a group
there that could fit the bill Gold Hill
huh its enemy territory these days
you're lucky you got out alive oh yes I
was very close but you know Betty few
people would bother a gnome like me I
see see it takes one long look last look
at you not just his partner and says
look at the giant beard it's the same as
the gnome in the picture the other ones
like this one's really old first guy
says but he's a wizard
couldn't it just be a trick the next guy
says give him a test what do you what do
you have to say the first one says that
hmm tell me mr. newm we have a magic
rock with us that dispels any magic it
touches you wouldn't mind touching that
rock just to make sure that you can pass
on through right just to make sure that
you're not hiding something under all
that oh yes that that would be fine my
boy I have nothing to hide from anyone
I sure he's off and comes back a few
minutes later with a pillow that has a
ordinary-looking Rock on it and he holds
the rock out to you on the pillow and
says now touch it but don't pick it up
it will dispel any magic on you right
now okay um I'm gonna go ahead and touch
it okay absolutely nothing happens
hey not any show then go go ahead sir
you may cross oh thank you I'm have a
wonderful day my friends uh don't
I hope you enjoyed your stay good all
along sir there's people waiting okay
they hurry you along all right cool you
make it across the bridge and through
bridge gate no one bothers you you can
meet the fellows on the other side and
you can spend the next 4 days traveling
back to fend in' unless there was
something you wanted to do when the
party's not around should be you like
some rations off yes please take off or
rations
I'll take him off the donkey take off
sixteen men there wasn't anything that
you wanted to do gerald well the party
wasn't looking nope
okay cool
four days later you guys have arrived
back in fen den and we can bring you
even back to Dusty's tavern here we are
you come in road-weary and find yourself
at your comfortable spot over here the
bar Beau's table why it is not presently
in the bar but you sit down get your
bearings dusty comes over with a glass
of wine for Midori and Gerald and a
glass of ale for Locke and Barb Oh
where's the gnome good ale the no one
gets wine wine wait why she thought the
gnome would want wine in Midori with one
wine
excuse me mine um friend would like some
ale oh she brings him a nail and takes
away his one I give a sage nod to barb
oh we see is Wyatt walking around in
here anywhere he is not currently
visible in the tavern
can I ask her where why does sure she
tell where where is our friend Wyatt
we have business with him urgent right I
can send an errand boy running to maybe
try and find him I don't know where he
would be this time of day but you know
if you need him we can I can arrange for
that please she heads into the kitchen
no through the back door you can hear
her through a window yelling at some kid
to go find Wyatt fifteen twenty minutes
later he shows up in a tavern coming
into the front door and then makes his
way over to your table greetings you've
arrived you're alive what'd you find
should we speak he leans in more closely
downstairs yeah we should go to a
private room to talk right he takes you
back down to the same basement that you
were in before the sounds of the tavern
upstairs fade away and it's just you
guys down here so what's the news I fear
we've made a grave mistake
I think we've released something that we
probably should have left alone what was
then the tomb what do you know about
what was supposed to be in the tomb
she's too many more the ring shakes his
head at it I don't know what that means
well I've managed to ask around I bought
myself a barbarian slave
put it to him about all of this nonsense
he says that that was a tomb was sealed
away because something of great power
was was left in it filled in it well we
just let that out well that's not great
but at least it's a far away from
civilization and that better to let it
out then what would lord tavington want
with a vampire who is worth tabbing Tang
warring against right now build a bridge
and we found them and there was a knight
and then we told the night and the night
was like we're here to build the bridge
so that they can bring a wagon over it
what the hell are they doing and they
were gonna go to the cave and do
something there and the vampire
mentioned something about going to kill
all the stone men well that's not great
I don't know who these stone men are I
don't know what Lord tavington wants
with that vampire what do you think we
could find out information about this we
know already right we're going to Prince
that's what the vampire I told us to do
walk harm your talent may be why it also
has some ideas that work together
information in case the talents don't
tell us what we need he was pretty
clueless about this whole situation but
why it please why it's a resource a man
is vampire baffles me I can't imagine
why any person law-abiding or not would
want would want to do with the vampire
what is this this nonsense about the
talons that's where she told us to go if
we wanted to find more information
well I have some information about
what's been happening here our dearly
beloved Sheriff has been placed into
early retirement fortunately he has been
taken over his successor is an appointee
from the crown from the Army the problem
on the road that you took care of did
cause some ripples and well sheriff has
gone there's some more guards in town
ones that I don't know I don't recognize
what's the name of the new sheriff he
shakes his head some dolt by the name of
Frederick he's uh how do you say yes sir
no sir two bags full type of fellow
everything must be precisely by the book
and in his little box of what is right
and what is not be causing any trouble
decide from oh absolutely yep he
arrested dusty last week because her L
shipments didn't happen to coincide with
the arrival of his note-taker or
something like that she brings her ale
in by the boats and somehow it his tax
man wasn't there and they didn't quite
pay the right fees on it and so she was
arrested and prison for a week how many
soldiers do they have stationed in a
town of this size
hundreds oh of course
well yeah about a hundred would probably
be the what we're looking at here let me
get you a more precise number no that's
okay I don't mean that's it that
ballpark is okay well I mean you guys
keep safe but I think we're gonna head
off to talk to the talons at what was
named in the island furnaces no we're
gonna go to Princeton to the Tallinn
furnaces to go to the talents yeah I
think I see
pulls out a rolled-up parchment and
hands it to you it's one of those wanted
posters because it's be on the lookout
for this they've come up around town I
hired a few kids to tear them down
burn them yeah we've had a couple
run-ins already unfortunately so they
know the most famous pirate on all these
lands unfortunately do um was there any
more information that we could glean and
from that book that might be able to
help us or answer any of the questions
we have he flips through it pulls it out
from the spot he's hidden underneath the
bed here and flips back and forth
through it saying I have been able to
figure out a few more pieces as I said I
captured a bar barrier hi
bought a barbarian slave who can help me
with decipher this stuff um takes a nice
long deep breath and says whatever thing
was buried here is something of immense
power he keeps saying some sort of
heartless demonic entity something that
was attempted to be controlled but could
not be controlled and so upset
so some locked away where it could not
be run rampant
I assume that's the vampire you all set
free so I would be on the lookout for
anything that might link Lord tavington
to a vampire well I can't imagine what
would the rest of the book has a lot of
insightful things that I will be happy
to share with you when you get back from
this trip that you're taking
why can't you share them with us now
I would rather give you a complete
debriefing rather than a partial one are
you in the process of translating it
still you guys do you feel comfortable
shipping a translation of that once
you're finished to pernicious and then
on our way back from the town once we
can pick up that shipment and then head
back or as long as it doesn't fall into
the wrong hands
otherwise it could easily be traced back
to me I wouldn't want that could we
establish a sort of cipher right now so
that another person wouldn't be able to
translate the book but we would be able
to easily do it does he if thieves can't
he he does right I think we talked about
it before
I think Chad one of your characters
tried to drop some thieves can't and he
will oh yeah he didn't know what it
meant
yeah he just kind of looked to you like
what yeah we could use a cipher or our
predestined drop location you know don't
leave it in the hands of someone does he
um I guess we'll finish that go ahead
lock yeah as long as we can establish
some way of of stealthily dropping it
somewhere so that it won't be traced
back to you yeah he thinks to himself
long and hard
there is a Tavern in furnaces I seem to
recall the wench is wailed I think it's
this name I've been many times okay good
but then you'll know the bartender
there's a a friend of a friend a cousin
of mine you could almost say not quite I
will leave it with her I trust her
what's her name her name is Rosetta and
the whales when she said wench wench as
whales wenches whales wenches well this
Wyatt do you know of a ship that we can
use to get to the the talons
I left mine with my old crew and they're
not too fond of me right now
ask Rosetta she'll be able to help you
out with whatever you need if you tell
her I sent you
she will she'll take care of whatever
his max hold on and he goes to the table
and jots down a quick note signs it
seals it stamps it with a ring McKee
pulls out of a pocket and hand over to
you give her this
it should she should help you with
anything you need then um okay it's my
body any higher did I have any crazy
escapades when I was a pirate no no you
tell me what crazy things did you do as
a pirate that that dude that's it
anything too crazy actually I came in at
level three okay what left you at level
three as a pirate um just robbing a lot
of you know ships from the Army's and
Captain bad Brad Barbeau was known for
his ruthlessness and just willing to
kill anybody even his crew even his
shipmates that betrayed him he's a
murderous man murdered he was a
murderous man but he's turning a new
leaf yeah so there's probably a bounty
on your head I don't know if they've
linked that bounty to this one they
probably don't know they're the same
people yet yeah but if you told maybe
tavington or one of his employees that
you wanted man is none other than bad
bad bro maybe your buddy would um
another question can I steal why it's
avatar I like that it's released a pitar
he's like oh you want that one for him
yeah
captain Barbu it's so sick well that's
him you can't take him no can we import
our own avatars later on absolutely yeah
there you go should have worked on a mr.
moon
so that is that you guys can head out of
the basement back to the rest of the
tavern and take off or do something I
don't think there's anything in town you
guys want to do right nope
I think we're going we're ready to go
yeah you're lucky I didn't kill him and
take his I have Eternia let's see
it is 2075 what we um well we forgot the
travel can we take like a five-minute
break is that okay yeah totally
are you okay with that yeah yep I want
to take a break right now okay all right
cool um I'm going to tell this on the be
right back tell who tell your stream be
they can hear us talking right now like
talk to them though all right want to be
talked to we're gonna take a break guys
we'll be back in like five minutes okay
bye don't say goodbye say be right back
Jesus Christ
you
hello everybody welcome to gnomes tones
in catacombs last time we left off we
were in the tap about to head off to the
talons you were so much better at that
than I am can I just have you do that
from now on can you be your official
announcer oh okay welcome back everybody
we have some new token artwork you can
ogle over it while we play you guys come
back to your tables hear all about - you
know why it's about to take off when he
turns on a dime it comes back to you and
leans in and says there's one other
order of business if you should hear
about any philosopher stones lying
around they're mentioned in the book a
few times I still haven't sorted out
what their purpose is but I I know the
stone Philosopher's Stone
I expect a wizard to know yes yes
Philosopher's Stone this is known um let
me think well there used to be a this is
a long time ago cuz I'm quite old you
may not see from what I look like I'm
told but it is a bit off of an ancient
stick and there are many different
stones in the world they make magic
stronger but I've never ever heard of
anyone that has one he nods along with
you going that's it's good to know all I
knew is that it was magical something
it's mentioned here and it circled a few
times in a different ink that was used
in other parts of the book as if someone
was this there's something going there's
I can't put it together yet I need more
information
we don't know who owned this book before
right what is it the possession of Lord
tavington er I thought he was moving his
Ledger's around but this is what we got
instead
okay so we don't know who would have
written in this book whose whose ink
mark C's might be correct if you can
figure out where this book came from or
if you hear anything about Lord
tavington and a philosopher's stone
that's all
those would be good clues to follow up
on okay
furthermore it is with great regrets
that I have to tell you he has been
promoted to a colonel tavington giving
our division cavalry I understood to the
talyn's we go I believe all right
and off you go it is a multi-day journey
to pernicious there are going to be just
a few minor problems the biggest which
is how do you get there without going
through a major town you could try and
just walk around the town through the
forest but the forest is fairly
dangerous area but you could try it
anyway I mean we have no choice I think
we around towns we probably avoid
forests well wait actually could um
could Wyatt make us a few convincing
disguised as he seems like the type of
man that would have access to those
sorts of resources he thinks to himself
you know there's a an old friend of mine
you know him you saved his life once
upon a time ah
shoveling no not shovel dirt
[Music]
look you remember buck right yeah I mean
the spider gave yes from the the all the
nonsense he would know more about this
let me go get him and he heads off
and waits until buck or comes back with
buck a little bit later and with buck in
tow they kind of pull you guys outside
where your weight from everything else
and Buck says to you all right why it's
told me what you guys are looking for
and I can help you out here
I've got let's let's call it a small
space between some floorboards in my
wagon just big enough for a couple of
people if you don't mind some tight
quarters I can sneak you into just about
anywhere you need to go
we're headed to per Nisus can you sneak
us all the way over there you know let's
travel with me I'll get you through
passage way in and out of towns
absolutely sure sounds good and we can
sneak into the space like when we're
almost there right within like a few
miles we don't have to be in the whole
time
you don't have to be trapped in here the
whole time it's gonna be tight quarters
all you gotta do is not make any sounds
while you're passing through the gates
that is simple enough and the donkey
should be able to just ride openly
should be fine right and I call the text
don't have the donkey right beside
though I think I'm just gonna ride on
the wagon is like an old man yeah man oh
man I don't think that's as great I
don't think so just be inside with us
what's the reason not to okay I'm
convinced he huh yeah
great that means we can skip over all
the random encounters that you would
have gotten into and we don't have to do
any of the guards that would question
you or any of those problems speedrunnin
yeah let's just see if there are any
anyone that wants to pack your group
openly and impressively nope you find
yourself in pernicious just a four or
five days later all my rations off 16
again yes
does the donkey have a wanted sign the
donkey does not have a one-in sign
fortunately I should be twenty rations
total Oh 20 total 960 got it it's five
days in 70 are you thinking and five
days later you guys are in pernicious
this is the town where you killed Lord
tavington son alike again yes allegedly
and what else went on here Midori was
hiding from the guards right or lying to
the guards about who she was because she
is a witness to the events here she was
lying and then dipped this is what I got
beat up right unfortunately fortunately
you killed you killed all the witnesses
to the event right no we didn't have to
know that we didn't kill the butler
right we sent him on his way
we send him on his way wait I I killed
the butler I turned him into
murder-hobos yeah okay and what and we
didn't get in trouble of it what do we
learned we only got in trouble because
we let those people live lesson kill
everyone kill everyone except the elder
black dragons that Kobe set up to see if
we were gonna kill them on the side of
the road starting to sound like
Midori okay just looking out for us
right now they're still loving you
somewhere Midori okay we need to find
you can help me find a purpose we need
to find wench as well let's make our way
you get to the wenches whale it's right
down by the docks and Parnassus it is a
rowdy and boisterous sort of place let
me go find mine
boisterous Town Tavern music it's the
sort of place that the bar boughs would
call home there's a bunch of drunken
debauchery going on their sailors
getting up on tables and doing dances
they're serving girls walking around
having to hit people for being lecherous
old bastards can there's serving boys
walking
having to hit people for being lecherous
old bastards - its kind of a [ __ ] show
here everyone's drunk and it's loud can
I do a quick perception check to see if
I see any my old crew yeah go for it you
know what there's one guy here but it's
a guy that you had to abandon on an
island one time why did you strand this
guy on an island uh let's say he what
did he do he just wasn't following
orders there actually it was really the
real reason was uh we got a bunch of
loot and I just didn't really want to
share it with him basically he was all
in his way so we just left him used to
Bandhan him out well yeah Locke I think
I'm gonna think I'm gonna head out you
we can meet up outside the town and I'll
kind of like tell him where I'm gonna go
okay sure okay so you take off from this
this guy the rest of the party can enter
on in oh I do give him the note though
that um I took from right okay wait
which note the note from what
to give to the bartender that so they
didn't help us or whatever yeah chill
all right so here you are in the wenches
whale this guy playing piano people
playing billiards dancing singing all
sorts of behavior you find Rebecca
behind the bar she's sitting there
[Music]
standing there handing out drinks
pouring them as they come
she sees the three of you approach and
flashes you a a bright smile saying hey
there honeys what can I get for you
today I mean we kind of wanted to talk
to a private about some matters that we
wouldn't want to discuss out here in the
open and then I'll hand her a note I
guess Brahmani take it just look at the
seal on the back without opening it give
you a bit of a nod and like give me a
moment gesture when she heads out and
out from behind the bar upstairs and a
few moments later one of the other
serving girls comes by and taps you on
the shoulder and says madam Rebecca's
waiting for you upstairs and the the
third room on the right please help make
yourself a home okay let's go and I
motion for the other two to follow me
Midori inland Derrick Jarrell you find
herself in a small room here in the
tavern it's got a bed and a table she's
sitting on the table with her feet on
the chair that would sit sit underneath
it and sees you coming in and sort of
Fanning herself with the note as you all
walk in she waits for the door to be
shut behind you and says to you well
looks like you're all acquainted with
her cousin what can I do for you we are
looking for safe passage to the talyn's
southeast of here or east of here I
guess I should say that would be some
dangerous sailing I can surely arrange
something like that for you no problem
what sort of parameters do you need I
mean hopefully a boat that is able to
safely carry us there but otherwise we
should
everything else ourselves good good no
no need to keep this low from anyone um
traveling discreetly would definitely be
preferred I don't know how active the
colonel tavington is in these parts but
we definitely don't want to be noticed
by him colonel did you get promoted
already that son of a [ __ ]
well he's quite active here places
basically run by his man so keeping
things away from him will be a bit of a
pickle I can manage
do you have a time frame as soon as
possible
okay well I'll go talk to some of my
boys down on the docks and we'll see
what we can set you up with or the next
day or two you can stay here you can use
the room next to this one and this one I
hope the four of you don't mind share in
a bed and keep your head low sometimes
some of his boys come in here looking
for people and well what do you have
them see you for toilet that sounds a
little padded - two beds this room of
the next one everyone ends up sleeping
with the gnomes sooner or later I'm sure
we'll figure so gnome you can never go
home yeah out of shame okay yeah we
definitely look forward to getting word
from you in a few days maybe gerald you
can go outside and grab the captain and
bring him up here
we can hang out here for a while this
note here it also says that you haven't
done a lot of work for for Wyatt before
hammer heaven have not you've only done
if a job or two for him yeah yeah we've
done a couple odd jobs are you in the
the business of doing odd jobs for
maidens in distress what kind of odd job
are you looking for us to do well as I
said Lord tavington is all over this
place and he's not the most respectable
man he doesn't understand business needs
come first sometimes
one of his officers in town has been a
particularly unruly sort of lout get
lots two likes to come in here pick a
fight break some tables and chairs
refuses to cover the costs afterwards
drinks needs his fill never pays his tab
that sort of fella we like to see him
behave better or not at all perhaps if
he lost one of these fights he'd be too
embarrassed to stumble back in here
again in a drunken stupor she nods ah
that might do the trick
why does he normally come in a drink
evenings every night not every night but
any night you might be around tonight
you might not we'll keep our eyes out
for him Rebecca is 5 740 pounds got
curly red hair black apron green eyes
kind of wears a short shorts like mid
thigh shorts sandals low-cut top she
seems like a yeah low-cut top she's a
department
oh yeah you just tell them it's probably
actually padded from below to make it
look a little more busty than it is okay
are you looking over at Brad to see what
he's looking at
I'm not there didn't I go get him how
did you get me by now I mean sure Jam
back
okay now looking at them done I am
focused on my drink oh um well all right
well who's gonna do this captain do you
feel like you could reasonably take him
out I want on one like it I can take I
can take anyone out Locke do we feel
like we could reasonably dress Barbara
up such that he won't be recognized in a
busy tavern maybe he can get in a little
tussle with the whoever what was named
the guy the weird
that the soldier coming in there did we
get in him he's a no he's a he's an
officer just goes by the name of Colin
it doesn't use his family name likes to
be a regular everyday sort of folk you
know never goes by his last name call it
love beatnik nobles mm-hmm technically
he's a lieutenant could we do more hmm
is he a noble oh yes yep when I hide it
though it's lock-ons him to a duel or
something and then shame him I'm not
gonna openly reveal my name or challenge
anyone in this city we've all got a
price on our heads okay so let me kick
his ass yeah I think if he just gets
taken out in a bar fight I think he'll
be too embarrassed to come back to these
parts make up aren't like noble but wait
we can make a rap song about him being
like a like no hang on like he's good
he's like a noble right so we could make
it like seem like he is actually not a
common folk at he's not like anybody
else like that I like the ending of
eight mile you could definitely eight
mile in that's a good idea you could if
you want to if you want to construct
that you can do that if you want to do
that okay after I'm gonna write that
while Barbeau kicks his ass okay yeah
okay can we reasonably drew like so this
is a tavern people are gonna be like
idea people as much as maybe some
passive buyers with maybe like a haircut
or a shave could Barbeau be reasonably
disguised such that it wouldn't be
recognized in here probably you haven't
seen any of the wanted posters down here
in Princes yeah all right so we're gonna
shave the bar boughs head I will have a
hat though from now on okay you don't go
for the cue ball look no okay don't look
sounds go yeah that night sure enough
Colin comes to town and he's gonna he's
gonna do what he does let me see if I
can get us another a new tavern master
same one over and over again so what's
the plan here are you just gonna
challenge him to a fight openly or yeah
Barbeau get a little rowdy challenge to
fight kick his ass I'm sure he's gonna
do some dumb [ __ ] where he comes to my
table and like maybe touches me or it
[ __ ] with me in some way so well
doesn't [ __ ] with you though what if you
have two V's it beats [ __ ] with
somebody other somebody else's table I
could go stand up for them right or are
you gonna be hanging out somewhere
tyrunt watching kadai imadori cast the
spell on me it'll grant me some
additional AC somebody's a little
frightened just like oh my yeah
[Music]
did you ever slowly give somebody [ __ ]
with a Sears plus two days one plus one
or two to AC oh that might have been
only under your other goddess yeah that
wasn't the [ __ ] gun yeah barb oh you're
not feeling it I could do this one for
you you don't have anything to prove are
you at eighteen AC no and I mean we're
not I'm not gonna have my full plate
Milan we probably have no armor I
imagine let's fight I imagine this would
be like an armor las' fight or lighter
armor even chainmail seems like it'd be
too heavy for a bar although I don't
know would be appropriate
I mean if it's gonna be lighter armor I
could use my set of leather I write so
typically in towns people don't usually
wear armor because the obvious that you
know you're trying to do something most
people don't wear armor chocolate time
so you guys would be dressed in normal
clothes and someone's not gonna and
fight with someone wearing armed claim
it's a fight it's gonna be +2 strength
for your like melee attacks right
strength or decks for melee attacks I
believe yeah you're you gotta fight
no feeling it anywhere barb oh no okay
yeah I guess I'll get the haircut in the
shave then I don't shave your beautiful
hair dude I'm not gonna be recognized in
here okay let's bring you guys to our
new map grids and [ __ ] would I get
sneak-attack and [ __ ] for that with
fists uh you might have to double-check
the specifics on sneak-attack I'll read
it I don't know
okay koi boo I'm gonna prepare my
bagpipes for the song after mouton kicks
his ass okay an answer range weapon nope
block can do it it doesn't sound like
he's gonna go for it locks get it okay
then I'm gonna prepare the song for
after walks got it that's right songs
have we sang about me regardless class
is built for one everyone's yeah with
guns just haha me alright
so our name Collin lieutenant is all it
comes on anyone comes on in that night
and he and his buddies immediately come
to this main table right here there's
maybe four or five other people at this
table when they come in and they just
kick him out they come over and like
lift up the bench everyone's sitting on
have them fall backwards kick their feet
around laugh at him start just like
eating their food can we beat down he
throwing up arms and one of them calls
out hey rosetta bring us all of your a
longish getting bottom boisterous yeah
you guys can hit this table they should
also be a Gerald and a Midori here
somewhere
Midori I consider Mila I'm like by the
stage where I can get attention later
okay so you're like over here maybe I
don't know what you want to consider the
stage but elegant like over there with
my bagpipes yeah perfect so Colin comes
in and he sits down as a bunch of other
people here and he's just generally kind
of being a prick you know he's telling
like
I only off-color jokes that actually
aren't even funny in addition to be like
wildly off-color like that maybe there's
something there but that's just being
rude for the sake of being rude you know
he's just insulted people he's being an
[ __ ]
but he hasn't attacked anyone other than
when he knocks people off the bench who
were the jokes about was like a race in
particular or it was about people from
rahl wick it's like a people from the
north that big plain area that you guys
pass through West Vodun rolek it's an
area you've moved through it recently
it's the big plains the area where
you've killed Knowles just wanted to
make sure oh yeah yeah he's talking
about the people from robic and how they
can't tell the difference between wheats
and hare and you're like really sure
they're not even good it's just it's
dumb yeah so what do you making your
move Locke um sure I'll go over and sit
across from you I'll ask if I could can
I join you in a drink he looks you up
and down I do i Tecton Arizonian accent
there you from out of town buddy or I am
and I'm looking for the funniest man in
the room and you seem to be the only one
here telling jokes oh well the funniest
man is you because you look so funny
yeah my right boys I laugh so hard that
is an amazing joke I think I will sit
down and join you for a drink can I sit
down and then drink his drink the whole
thing you reach across and make history
again I drink the whole thing
yes mmm he gets up comes over next to
stands next to you puts a hand on your
shoulder put the hand on midori shoulder
and says friends friends we've come here
and we've made new acquaintances and
that jackass over there he says pointing
to Chad Brad - Brad let's ignore that
yeah let's ignore this [ __ ] right
here and focus on the new friends he
says patting lock and midori on the
shoulders oh great
friends are they and he looks over at
Brad and gives you a smile lifts up
Brad's drink and calls for a toast to
two new friends can I attempt to stop
him when he lifts up my drink yeah how
do you try and stop him he's gonna
[ __ ] shove him yeah give me a roll to
hit what would it roll with just the one
sphere normal all of your regular rules
yeah yeah you give him a nice solid
shove he goes stumbling backwards they
need a host strength check the net 1x
athletics check critics
yeah acrobatics no path lettuce that's
better than he's got he trips over a
stool balls on the ground and spills the
beer all over himself
you guys follow this buffoon you can't
even keep himself upright there they are
laughing sort of tentatively and
awkwardly like maybe she touched my beer
when you obviously can't handle the ones
you've had he gets up comes over to you
and throws a punch I think at this point
we should probably step into initiative
actually so he wouldn't have been over
here are we rolling attacks with weapons
is that how we're doing this sorry it's
gonna be the same attack role no matter
what weapon you use okay other strengths
or decks based so you can go ahead and
roll your normal weapons Sookie no I
mean a Barbara wants to fight him
Barbara he was [ __ ] with me
alright barb oh so he could check Colin
gets up covered in alcohol raging in the
face like red you can see he's got
blinders on he was looking at you and
only you
he's coming over to beat the [ __ ] out of
you
um alright I will attempt to is he like
it's like running I mean walking it's
not water
yeah it's like 10 feet away but I know
he's about to like fight me you can see
it in his eyes
alright I'm just gonna give him a nice
punch to the jaw
you go to strike him in heat like ducks
to one side steps out of the way dodging
you diggity right now yeah cool I'll hit
him was it annoy you crack them the
second time
am I getting know you've got an enemy
within five feet of you his allies are
aware that there we don't have any other
NPCs in here but they're sitting yeah
it's a long table I'm near my allies I'm
breaking the rulers out uh yeah I guess
your adjacent to your allies you do get
no sneak attack has to be finessed and
your fists are not finessing I'm pretty
finessing clue yes they're not finesse
weapons you're tiny but not that tiny
why Barbeau like this they're not for
this weapon stealing crack him once in
the jaw why don't you roll me I don't
know d2 damage plus your your strength
bonus to just select roll d2 it's like I
think you plus one
yeah Oh a DT plus one again flash roll
d2 plus one I think that's an unarmed
attack
three cracking for free for me bowls
hitpoints for Kim I'm guessing a bar
fight isn't like we're not gonna like
fight to like from 29 to zero hitting
each other three for each time right or
is it just probably not let's see I mean
you have a lot of HP so it could go on
for a while I just want to beat the [ __ ]
out of him though I don't know I might
be in his life yeah you crack him once
in the head he stumbles with it
Oh in his turn am I allowed to use dex
instead of strength for that or no no I
think it's gotta be straight yeah there
we go it's his turn and he's just gonna
come with a crotch kick for you like
right for your balls with eight fourteen
fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen to
here as he goes to throw that kick can I
go ahead and take a punch at him a usual
initiative right I did but I have a
reaction oh you have I sure do I took
that Sentinel polar master but I'm gonna
pull out a hit with Sentinel doesn't it
say does it need a pole or Sentinel so
you have mastered techniques to take
advantage of every drop in an enemy's
guard getting the following benefits
when you hit a creature with an
opportunity attacked creature screeching
MC over those turn creatures provoke
opportunity attacks from you even if
they take the disengage action for let
me reach when a creature within 5 feet
of you makes an attack against a target
other than you and that target doesn't
have this feed you can use your reaction
to make a melee weapon attack against
the attacking creature this Viscount of
melee weapon okay yes it to us then my
normal to hit 24 what do I roll roll for
damage plus your strengths
roll 1 blue 2 plus 3
see ya and then just curious because for
the interactions here let's say that I
were to do is Sentinel here let's say
that I were to use so he's still gonna
get his attack right assume he's not
dead right mm-hmm
however let's say that I was using my
battle master feet to trip him if I were
to trip him here would he still follow
through with the attack or how would
that work he would just give him
disadvantage on the attack for having to
like make it wall he's falling or
something okay in that case I'm gonna go
ahead and why not I'll throw a
superiority die here give him like okay
and I can use my superior to diner on a
reflex right I'm pretty sure on a
reaction yeah yep okay so then I believe
I'm rolling a 1d8 here oh let me just
triple could you be checked when you hit
a creature with one attack you're gonna
expend one spirit right attempt to knock
down there it's fair to anytime I don't
know how you want to do damage because
technically that would add five damage
and then on to it to make a strength
saving throw or be knocked thrown that's
a pass so you'd crack him in the jaw
sending him reeling but not actually
knocking him prone and he gets his
crotch kick off on Captain Barbeau
landing his foot right between your legs
solidly for six points of damage
thanks mind bending painful testicle
ripping damn open Barbeau is unfazed
gerald do you have anything to do sure I
can sing a song say anything or are you
waiting for the end of the fight I am
going to start up the bagpipes to give
like a rousing tune to the fight and
then I will hmm I will wait until the
end of the fight I'm gonna start the
bagpipes now Midori it's like a like
Braveheart style yeah yeah Colin's pros
are just standing and watching they've
gotten to their feet but they haven't
done anything yet
Am I am I still like holding my face
probably not Midori what the [ __ ] sip of
wine just enjoy myself inna
Locke it's your turn
yeah I'll go ahead and take another
swing at him and then roll one D - yeah
one D - is there any way you can get
advantage on this role why doesn't he
made a critical hit um I mean reasonably
it seems like no no I could get him
advantage no we're not having a bar
fight where he's getting his ass kicked
on the front and back that sounds like
super they would be more like head-on
yeah that should turn into like a
[ __ ] tortured session or some [ __ ]
isn't he like guarantee two four or five
it's just like I wanted to right yeah
okay just make sure so you cracked Colin
again and it becomes bar bows turn does
he look like he's had enough or does he
look like he needs to can you see this I
can hit a few more yeah I can see his HP
bar I'm just wondering if he's like kind
of like dies
lock you knocked it down and hit him
lock hit him hit him again he is pretty
battered he's definitely sort of
surprised that he not finished now he's
got to his feet again he's surprised
that you guys have been fighting back
but he hasn't given up yet okay he's
made hell where did this come from yeah
I guess I'll just hit him with both
hands again ten is a Miss 26 is a crit
roll me to d2 plus one oh my god alright
he's had enough of it it's his turn next
and he just kind of stumbles away and
kind of mix emotion to his comrades who
come and sort of like shove you guys out
of the way and six of them leave the
tavern very [ __ ] cool on the way out
though they were interrupted by gerald
0.2 him and I sit and I play my bagpipes
I say and I begin a song see this guy he
got his ass kicked by a couple of
bandits but I know something about him
and you won't be able to stand it
his power is white fingers soft he wears
velvet gloves holds crystal goblets
aloft
he had one shot one opportunity but he's
squatted in this fight and he's not even
a member of our community he's a noble
he doesn't know nothing of us common
people rise up and kick him out you have
nothing to lose but your chains don't
let him treat you like sheep oh oh look
he's worn his brown pants too oh wait
that's not his pants
it's just his poo and then I cast Presta
good nation and I make his pants like
brown they go out in a [ __ ] huff and
there cheers from the crowd and pounding
on table there's a you know everyone's
getting up when Rosetta comes over you
and goes my god that was good but I
think you're gonna get yourself in
trouble you should get the hell out of
here right now I say a round of drinks
for everybody on the bar bows and I'll
give her five gold alright they will
cover everyone's drinks for the day for
the night not really
partially the guy goes he doesn't show
up that night again and in the morning
you have a boat ready for you although
also in the morning you guys do over
here at breakfast a couple of people
talking about a gnome who has been
stabbed to death outside in the street
somewhere that's right yeah you might be
related it might be unrelated but you
know there are no nearby roll a dice
cool were you wounded uh I lost six
damage six HP right oh right right let's
go to kick me back no I'm gonna roll
another one my HP no all right that was
enough to get me back okay next is our
journey to the island pretty much right
yeah do we want to another has procured
for you a ship that will take you to the
talons and then wait for you or up to a
week and then take you back do you think
you want to sort out some other
arrangement with them that's fine but
that's sort of their existing contract
no no we need it right I was gonna say
do you think is this a good spot to call
it cuz Lily's got our league thing
pretty soon yeah let's just wrap up any
other loose ends that might be around I
mean we took care of the Colin Colin the
officer I think we're ready what we
should just be ready to hop on a ship
and go right is there anything else we
need to do here do you investigate the
gnome thing real quick or no we have
like 30 minutes okay okay I'm not gonna
throw a lily under the bus there's a
bakery next week called 85° bakery and i
closed it kind of make a really good
chocolate sauce but i got time let's go
okay Lily just [ __ ] take one for the
team goddamn okay um I mean we can look
into the gnome things but our abilities
to investigate are gonna be severely
hampered because we can't walk around
openly in this
right I can do it over the [ __ ] I want
yeah really you want to go out and find
all the soldiers and they identify you
from the wanted poster it's fine we can
and early wait no no yeah wait what's
going on with the gnome I want to know
now I'm really curious what happened to
him oh you really have to leave right
now Lilly if you have to leave right now
we can talk okay so what happened to the
gnome then yeah what happened to the no
ma'am yeah what happened to the Gnomeo
tell us and he'll tell us what's in the
news reports well there's a kid on the
corner shouting extra extra read all
about it
gnomes slain and pernicious he's handing
out this a stamped paper like a you know
single page woodblock how they carved
the woodblock over night you have no
idea but you take it from him and it
appears that late last night a gnome was
found stabbed 60 times in a back alley
Street just a house and a warehouse
yeah I'm shame it wasn't Arnim hey Locke
Jesus that seems like a no leave crime
know she was a little aggressive for a
fellow party member I was beginning to
the beaver says that the gnomes teeth
were all knocked out his tongue was
removed and not found and his fingers
were all broken postmortem
Wow fell onto a bed of knives over and
over again
silly gnomes do you think Locke I I mean
I could speculate maybe it was because
of last night they encountered a
different gnome and blamed him for
Gerald songs like I mean I don't know I
wasn't I guess I'm not a detective
I'm not a rapper
but I mean regardless I don't know if we
have the means to investigate this right
now or if it even our responsibility to
investigate it Gerald's not that right
Gerald still with us
Wow I think that's a normal reaction to
getting known the old chum
I can tell Lily really wants to go so
okay it's okay it's not okay shut us out
let's go through everybody Lily go ahead
tell people about your League of Legends
team that you're gonna be playing soon
go ahead Lily you're screaming soon
right twitch.tv slash Lily eat you she's
having a lot of fun playing League she's
doing scrims are you guys gonna win your
tournament there plenty it's Tyler one
team in the league of legends in I just
want to go bread just fine to just be
honest
anything I use caring for me everybody I
have to go I have a league tournament
I'm playing at either one
okay mr. moody Oh buddy the human uh-huh
ah yeah I stream every day now on
twitch.tv slash was written so thanks
and then why were you the last one you'd
like the host guy okay yeah sorry
who's next Devin you oh okay
I hope you've enjoyed my rhyming
precision now I'll guide you to your
next viewing decision I'll be live on
HDTV www.twitch.tv/djkanjo and drop that
follow
as for dandy we'll all see you next time
don't forget to subscribe to us with
twitch prime okay
and then yeah Cory boo I'm Neil or Koivu
I have a street channel as well we do a
bunch of d and these stuff we got a game
tomorrow morning it's a single-player
necromancy campaign and we got a
campaign on Fridays with our European
cast who are playing into kuba and maybe
like six months ahead of time and where
these guys are playing but still same
world events and our last episode of
frozen frontier is gonna be this Sunday
on twitch.tv slash quit
if you've been following that at all
this is the finals it's gonna be great
I'm done who's a necromancer one died
see what's up
it is dicing with death yes we've been
playing it for 15 years years looking
forever man sounds awesome whoa hey
I'm destiny obviously found myself a
destiny IgG the biggest thing I'm
promoting right now or meme shirts that
I'm selling you go to destiny G slash
shirt I think there's a really dumb fat
one right now if you want to waste your
money you can get that it's only babies
soon so you Wow
limit it's so limited edition if I get
copyright stricken I guess by some
Batman people although I don't
understand how that could ever happen
but um yeah anyways I'll probably be
screaming after this and then I think
Devon usually does like a post D&D wrap
up stream to twitch TV slash my li x ia
mullick see if you want to check that
out as well and then yeah I think that's
all we got
thanks for joining us we should be here
next week unless Lily has a conflict do
you please be nice to my friends okay
okay it sounds like she'll be here then
yeah cool maybe I'll leave my sweet Lily
you're still in LA right okay cool
thanks a lot for joining us guys have a
good one
