I've actually been up until like 4:00 or
5:00 a.m. I've actually done so much
reading on the TPP I hate my life right
now oh my god
I would I would actually be shocked if
somebody went through and they added the
time up I think he actually talked like
five to seven times more than I did
maybe more holy [ __ ]
uh why are you such a gigantic [ __ ]
well cuz I don't want to just scream
over each other for like an hour
holy [ __ ] God you never let any of us
talk over you like that no I usually I
mean if people really want to go but
usually people like that insistent on
the thing is like if we both cut each
other off then like I mean we're just
gonna be like talking over the entire
time I feel like I just wasted so much
time getting ready for this I actually
like I did a lot of reading because I
was trying to find these cases because
one common thing here I'll just I'll
read you off a couple of things that I
found I'm so glad that he brought up
that ethic or thing because I've
actually heard that exact example and
there's another one too in Germany I'll
just I'll read for you a little bit for
example an early use of ist s with a
Canada ban to feel additive it was only
used by one company called ethic or on
the basis of health reasons
alpha Corp sued saying the additive was
actually banned for political reasons
rather than on any scientific grounds
and the Canadian government chose to
settle paying them some twenty million
dollars withdrawing the law they were
implementing on the face of it it seems
like epic quote was the bad guy and the
Canadian government was pursuing
legitimate policy in the public interest
and this is certainly how it was played
out in the media
in actual fact ethel court presented the
Canadian government's own documents
coming from the health and environmental
departments dude dating to about a year
prior that unequivocally stated that
there was absolutely zero danger from
using the additives and feel in fact the
party that tried to get the law through
and had strong historical links with the
domestic companies competing with ethyl
Corp and it feels like I found that a
lot when people like oh like look you
know like these these these ISVs courts
were [ __ ] horrible for environmental
[ __ ] and it's like that I mean like
that's what some of these cases are
presented here's another one there's
also the Hamburg
vatten hamburg vattenfall case
Vattenfall signs contracts with the city
of Hampton burg to build a new coal
power plant and the Green Party which is
ruling Hamburg at the time and a
coalition government kept arbitrarily
creating raising regulatory standards
with the aim of stopping the power plan
there was no empirical or evidence-based
backing for the moat for most of the
regulations that were implemented it was
simply directly targeting the power
plant vattenfall actually changed their
plans multiple times to accommodate
these changes but we're realizing it was
an unfair playing field and deciding to
take germany through isds and germany
lost the dispute because again this is
an instance of unfair and discriminatory
regulation I mean like there are a lot
of these cases where people say like Oh
like oh no the the environmental stuff
is getting destroyed but like I don't
know I couldn't find it I looked for it
too because obviously like I don't want
to come on here and have him cite a
whole bunch of stuff that [ __ ]
destroys me because I because I'm like -
bias or I'm looking my own [ __ ] the
those international I didn't write this
down I don't know why but I remember
reading this but the international those
international labor stamps that he
talked about were part of the final text
of the TPP agreement like this is
quoting the TPP agreement like here are
some things that were required for this
freedom of association and the effective
recognition of the right to collective
bargaining the elimination of all forms
of forced or compulsory labor the
effective abolition of child labor a
prohibition on the worst forms of child
labor and other labor protections for
children of minors the elimination of
discrimination and respect of employment
and occupation and acceptable conditions
of work with respect to minimum wages I
mean like these were all things that
have to be on the books for you to join
the TPP like so the TPP overall is good
or is it way more complicated I mean
it's complicated there are pros and cons
and there definitely are some worries
but the worries about it are way the
[ __ ] over blown and by the way as soon
as America walked away from it I think
two years later Japan took charge and
basically had everybody signed it anyway
so congratulations I think it's like the
TPP CP or some [ __ ] now or whatever
there's like a longer name for it but
uhm that trade agreement is signed and
guess what the United States is a part
of it and we didn't even get to talk
about the broader geopolitical landscape
of now you've got China moving forward
with their belt and Road initiative
where they're trying to gain influence
over the world with the made in China
2025 or they're trying to get into
higher levels of manufacturing we're
trying to get to exert all this
influence now and America is just not
privy to any of these massive
multilateral trade agreements because we
decided to walk away for some [ __ ]
random [ __ ] reason like [ __ ] like
there is so much there was an issue
where Canada tried to sue France because
Canada wanted to sell products with the
svet with a best dose asbestos in these
products they tried to sue France over
it this isn't a this is where a company
tried to sue France because of some of
their laws they had for environmental
regulations France won that suit through
isds panels they sided with France there
and France and [ __ ] off this was an
environmental decision you're not
allowed to import we're not going to
import asbestos products from you they
won that case like ah Philip Morris is
like currently battling a case against
Australia right now because of
expropriation with their with their
tobacco stuff because Australia
basically relabeled all the cigarette
packages and they're fighting over that
we're not clear how that's gonna wind up
in cornea they're like ah [ __ ] me dude
I'm so ass pain that I didn't get to
talk at all we need a Gish galloping emo
holy [ __ ]
the pharmaceutical thing is also
contested I should have read more into
the Dora initiative I don't know if like
I don't know if it's it actually sucks
[ __ ] I just read that we have there's
something called or not Dora the Doha
what is door hot you were the Doha
initiative is supposed to protect
countries that have like specific public
health crises they need to generically
patent a drug or generically produce a
drug they have the capability of doing
it he said that that didn't go far
enough
maybe it didn't I didn't see if it
actually went far enough or not I guess
maybe I could have dug a little bit
deeper into that but like I think that
your goal there would be two would be to
overhaul that declaration or increase
your strength there rather than like
walking away from a whole trade deal
because maybe some countries have some
drugs so they might not be allowed to
you I like five minutes ago never meet
your heroes people talk about you using
debate tactics but those are some real
hardcore debate tactics his entire
opinion seem to be the company's
influence trade agreements therefore bad
so reductionist that any nuance was
irrelevant to him also countries signed
treaties to just ignore them yeah like I
don't under I don't know like like
people act like corporations are always
evil but you want your corporation to be
able to sue another country like if I go
to do business of some other country and
they Nash
lies my [ __ ] [ __ ] and steal it from
me well [ __ ] I should be able to [ __ ]
you see that country [ __ ] that you want
those protections there to make your
firms competitive in other countries
that's the whole point of liberalizing
trade is to make it so that your firms
or other people's firms to be more
competitive around the world and if in
the strange thing is that usually the
way that people attack these trade
agreements is they say well actually
some of these labor rights you're
advocating for are actually detrimental
to countries on the TPP so for instance
six out of 12 of the countries have
signed on to the TPP are identified as
developing countries people thought that
they would have been hurt by the
stringent labor standards that were
pushed on those countries as a result of
the ILO the International Labor
Organization as a result of following
the standards
[ __ ] me dude oh my god I can't believe I
wasted so much time on this oh [ __ ] we
can read an art I guess one of these
articles that I had there are a couple
that I read about Vietnam basically that
Viet Nam's government and communist
government Oh
Viet Nam's government has a whole bunch
of like [ __ ] e [ __ ] going on with it
that was starting to get walked back
because they were anticipating joining
the TPP but then as soon as we pieced
out they pieced out let's read this real
quick Vietnam a renewed crackdown so
this is from HRW org vietnam renewed
crackdown on rights bloggers and
activists and then the subtitle is u.s.
withdrawal from TPP leads to spike in a
good point but that's irrelevant thank
you
Viet Nam's repression of human rights
and democracy activists increased
significantly in 2017 Human Rights Watch
said today and it's World Report of 2018
despite this most of Viet Nam's donors
continue to prioritize you talk for five
minutes it's time for me to talk for an
hour now Pepe sorry what despite this
most of Vietnam stoners continue to
prioritize trade over rights in the six
hundred forty three page World Report in
its 28th edition Human Rights Watch
reviews human rights practices in more
than 90 countries in his introductory
essay executive director Kenneth Roth
writes that political leaders willing to
stand up for human rights principles
show that it is possible to limit
authoritarian populist agendas when
combined with mobilized publics and
effective
multilateral actors these leaders
demonstrated that the rise of anti
rights governments is not inevitable
after the United States withdrew from
the trans-pacific partnership trade deal
vietnamese authorities engaged in a
renewed crackdown against rights
activists arresting dozens of bloggers
and activists and sentencing many to
long term prisons are long long prison
terms basic rights including freedom of
speech assembly Association movement and
religion remains severely restricted in
Vietnam's one-party state state
sanctioned thugs often attacked
dissidents while police brutality
including death in police custody
remains a serious problem during the TPP
negotiations this is air quotes now hold
on the wait but wait no no destiny no
you're wrong that's not how that works
wait no during the TPP negotiations
Vietnamese authorities knew hold on you
should do this again but with a debate
moderator maybe yes during the TPP
negotiations Vietnamese authorities knew
it looked terrible to arrest activists
said Brad Adams Asia director but they
have dropped their masks since the Trump
administration pulled out of the TPP and
started handing out heavy prison
sentences to citizens peacefully calling
for democracy and an end to one-party
rule in 2017 at least 24 people were
convicted for their writings and
advocacy on democracy and human rights
wasted all that time when you could have
spent it debating SD peach pepper law
that was convicted include bloggers when
Gok knew you I can't pronounce guys
known as mushroom mother I'm sentenced
to 10 years in prison trend the DA
sentenced to nine years and then Pham
Kim Kahn sentenced to six years and when
Van hora
sentenced to seven years within the past
14 months the police have arrested at
least 28 people for sweeping national
security offenses that he used to punish
critical speech a peaceful activism
including former political prisoners
prisoners I'm not gonna pronounce these
names bloggers went by Vaughn died and
his colleague Lee through hah-ha
remained in police custody since
December of 2015 without trial the
initial charge against them was
propaganda against the state in July
2017 it was changed to subversion the
Communist Party of Vietnam presides over
a one-party state that severely limits
basic freedoms and punishes dissent at
least 119 people are currently serving
lengthy prison terms for expressing
critical views of the government taking
part in peaceful protests participating
in religious groups disapproved of by
the authorities or joining civil or
political organizations the ruling party
deems to be threats to its monopoly on
power
Vietnam bans independent political
parties labor unions and human rights
organizations monologue Mike pebble ah
religious groups can only operate under
government management the police use
various means to repress religious
groups that operate outside of official
government registered you should watch
the VOD and Paws his points and go over
them that way and government controlled
religious institutions including
constant surveillance intimidation
harassment forced enunciation public
criticism and sometimes excessive force
rights bloggers and activists are
subject to constant harassment intrusive
surveillance detention bullying
interrogation and the application of
pressure and employer landlords and
family members police place them under
extrajudicial house arrest or in brief
detention so they cannot participate in
public events such as pro-environment
protests relevant human rights
discussions or meetings with foreign
diplomats or attend trials of fellow
activists the authorities also prohibit
rights activists and bloggers from
traveling abroad sometimes setting vague
national security reasons in June
Vietnam stripped former political
prisoner farming home of his Vietnamese
citizenship and deported him to France
physical assaults against right act
rights activists bloggers and
campaigners occur frequently many
victims have reported that unknown men
in civilian clothes copy hope to drink
your soil and again soon there you go
I'm confused destiny you mentioned
company should be able to suit countries
and nationalize some industry they're
doing business in what is your view then
that an or electrician middle east in
the u.s. support for overthrow there
something no no I'm talking about like
if you have a company someplace you
shouldn't be able to just like take over
my company and own it by your by your
government right like that that's what
I'm saying that's expropriation right
why would they think of joining in the
first place because of trade
liberalisation because it unlocks their
ability to export more goods and import
cheaper goods for their people right
that's usually how you pressure people
are doing things economic reasons right
that's why we're not all well why I
believe a lot of us aren't like [ __ ]
killing each other all the time anymore
it's because we'd rather just trade and
make [ __ ] money why would you discuss
this after the person you debated left
they can't provide counter arguments is
just a circle you know well cuz I
couldn't talk I couldn't talk at all
do you have an estimate for the impact
on the smaller economy is I don't know I
know for the United States the estimated
impact was about 0.5% GDP growth you
didn't assert yourself at all you said
okay every time so you should have well
have you watched the vaad I mean like
there are times where I try to keep
talking but he's just going and going
and if I keep talking the thing is is
that like if I keep talking and he keeps
talking like on both of our ends it's
just gonna look like we're muting the
other person so go over the VOD point by
point I mean we could I don't know I
mean like we did the thing is is that
like we didn't even get into anything
specifically regarding the TPP like
peepee poo-poo
yeah Skype does the thing we're meeting
like every time I started to talk it
would mute him and then I imagine on his
site every time he started to talk it
probably muted me so if anything it's
gonna sound really bad when they post
the video on their channel it's gonna
look really bad for me because it's
gonna sound like I'm just sitting there
style at the entire time while Brooks is
talking to me as your main things that
you like about the TPP that it would be
the negotiations and it protecting
companies who are abusive governments
well like Brooks sounded exhausted maybe
that was why he was so callously talking
over you maybe I mean like the the the
the issue was just that like what a lot
of people criticize the TPP for aren't
good criticisms like I don't think
criticizing the isds panels I don't
think that's intelligent like right now
these are probably the best ways that we
have to resolve disputes between firms
and countries like what else would you
recommend like and I didn't understand
what I don't know if he I don't know if
he didn't know or he misunderstood maybe
he was saying like they're not like both
sides don't get to nominate a judge or
something or don't get to nominate like
somebody other people I don't know what
he was saying there because we didn't
get to talk about literally anything but
like what did it sound like he was
trying to say like you you don't have
the ability to nominate your own your
own panel like represented or whatever
like that's suppose to be on those
panels work each of you basically you
appeal to third-party arbitration these
ISPs courts both of you appeal your own
dude
who hopefully roll in favor of you and
then both of you have to agree on a
third party dude on a third guy and then
you need two of these people to rule in
favor of you in order to win your is TS
case which is a fine system like I don't
know how else to expect to resolve these
issues without third-party arbitration
he was talking about labor is
representative Labor's representative in
what would labor be represented in a tea
in a tea s and I'm sorry ananias TS
dispute like what does that even mean I
mean labor was part of negotiating the
TPP I mean there are labor
representatives that are part of the
United States trade the the United
States Trade Representative like they're
part of those negotiations now I mean
Michael were probably go on and argue
well the private companies there had way
more leverage than the than the labor
people to negotiate which is probably
true sure but he wanted environmental
groups to have a say in the decision
what do you mean by environmental groups
have seen the decision though like like
she wanted what like one country to go
sue another country for their
environmental like misdoings i don't
understand what that means and I guess
like I would need to look more to the I
guess we need to we can dig through
history in terms of like how
environmental standards are pushed but I
mean like I would imagine that companies
would sue other countries or that there
would be a lot of pressure on other
countries that want to join these
multilateral trade agreements to have
good environmental standards because if
I have to have good environmental
standards in the US if I have to follow
some [ __ ] as an EPA rule you better
[ __ ] follow it too because if you
don't my exports are gonna be
non-competitive with yours so it seems
like there's all the incentive there
even from a capital point of view there
is incentive for the capital people to
be like pressuring people like even if
we assume it's a corrupt capitalist run
system the capitalist would want to
force other countries to play by their
environmental rules why would you want
other people why would you want other
people to be able to pollute and [ __ ]
when you're held and shackled by your
own EPA [ __ ] like that's this point
there's no dispute mechanism for what
for for what he said I mean there's no I
don't understand like what dispute
mechanism I mean like what do you do you
sanction people you kick them out of the
trade agreement I don't know what
dispute mechanism you learn anything
historically you've approached debates
in a reactive manner where opponent
states an opinion and you refute I think
in some cases you have to be offensive
and provide a contention first I think
it'd be saying that under ISPs affirm
cuts
country but a country couldn't sue a
firm over an environmental or labor
issues yeah of course they can Miami
looks more like talks-a-lot Dockers wait
why can't a country sue any firm if a
state wants to bring charges against a
firm for something for illegal dumping
or whatever for law same on the books of
course you can do debate tactic just lay
out your points and when the opponent
wants to counter you immediately
announce you have to leave bonus
meanwhile we but I mean like that's the
whole point of but those are local laws
the TPP isn't gonna give you more local
laws like that's on you if a company is
here they do something illegal that
violates our environment then we sue
them like but that we don't need to TPP
for that nobody needs the TPP to enforce
their own laws on their books it doesn't
make any sense yeah and even if that was
a thing even if we say well maybe we
should have a mechanism for resolving
environmental disputes or something sure
that's fine we can do that but that
isn't mean you scrap and walk away from
the whole deal and now by the way we
don't have anything you need to borrow
the wait wait this is important people
did that during the democratic debates
to wait this is important let me talk
for 20 more seconds he wanted labor and
environmental representatives in
disputes between corporations and
countries how what does that mean like
that labor just comes and talks about
any case that a firm brings against a
cut this doesn't make sense
that's his point it never happens
compared to isds Canada never sues a
California company for breaking
environment laws and only Canadian
companies adhere to is that actually
true I mean we can dig into that digest
seems incredibly strange to me like I
feel like we do this like pretty often
we're like the United States a tax
[ __ ] Canada over like lumber [ __ ]
where it's like hey you guys are doing
some [ __ ] with your lumber like like
either by subsidizing it too much I like
[ __ ] you we're gonna tear off your
lumber because we think you're violating
these WTO standards or some [ __ ] like
don't countries already do this I mean I
guess we can look in like and see like
how our environmental things enforced
through trade agreements or whatever
there are still the possibility of
environmental groups can make statements
in isds procedures why why would you
want them to if my if if I have a firm
and its operating in another country and
I think of that country passes some
[ __ ] law that starting my firm I
don't need a labor or environment to
come in and make a comment on that case
if the state thinks that it helps them
then it the onus is on them to bring in
those people as part of the case of I
think it helps me then the onus is on me
to bring in people on my case why would
I need a labor or environmental is like
some fourth party to that case they know
they don't have the they don't have like
the standing to say have a say in that I
feel like it's your responsibility to
stop the debate and talk to me about
your frustrations you think you're being
fair right yeah but I mean it just looks
bad I don't know I don't know I didn't
think it was gonna be that insane holy
[ __ ] I'm super curious on what the
talking time is this was a short one it
was only like an hour debate so like
this is a really show I'm super curious
what the talking time was they're like
it's got to be like seven he talked like
six or seven times more than me what's
worse he was setting us up for labor
attack I mean like what so I'm Way we
just talked each out and put over each
other for like because there was a time
where I like really tried it I think for
like five or six or seven seconds like I
tried to talk but he just kept going I
think the purpose of the environmental
group talking part is the decision is
because they are the most qualified to
determine the validity of the law if
it's go too well then that's on you to
bring them as part of your witness then
what do you mean if the company firm is
suing you because of some environmental
[ __ ] and you're defending yourself then
your goal is to get these labor or these
environmental P
to make your case for you of course then
you'll bring them in you'd have the
incentive to bring them in there both
sides are trying to win their case right
I thought I'd be spending all night
tonight like him like providing like
counterpoints and I'd be like reading up
like okay well is this actually what he
says [ __ ] me dude it was also really
irritating that he brought up a specific
example and then as soon as I wanted to
push him on an example he wanted to
abandon it immediately it makes me
wonder like it really when people do
that it makes me wonder if the other
examples they're using are being
presented in a fair way so like for
instance I didn't know anything about
that Doha stuff about how all that only
applies to very specifics do you think
there are any valid criticisms of TPP
and other trade deals when yes how would
you seek to correct them with policy
because like if I push back on some of
the examples you've given and I've shown
you that these examples don't illustrate
your point then and then you bring up
other examples it makes me wonder I
don't know what I would change in the
TPP some of the pharmaceutical stuff
probably could have gotten went a little
bit farther I do think there need to be
built-in mechanisms for punishing people
for like environmental or labor fuck-ups
although I don't know if capital would
take care of that on its own because it
would be in their incentive to do it
actually I'm not even sure I don't know
but yeah I mean I don't necessarily
disagree on those points but none of
these one I don't think it's adequately
demonstrated that these deals are like
bad for certain types of issues like he
was trying to claim and to just because
there are some problems things could be
amended or changed doesn't mean you dump
the whole deal like Michael Brooks
argument wasn't predicated on any
specific case being right around - oh it
was it wasn't the ICS courts were bad on
environmental protections this is why I
interrupted Essen we were try to start
talking about specific court cases
rather his point was that labor and
environmental groups didn't have a
system to enforce their agreements like
investors and firms have with the ISPs
sure and that could be a valid criticism
but you can't bring up a bunk case that
goes completely counter to your point I
don't know pac-man is in discord for
what oh hey hold on a second I don't
even have headphones I can hold on can
you hear me hello yeah I can hey can you
hear me I can't hold on at all
oh you can't hold on okay I'm just like
with you dude what's up it seems like
something got crazy on your channel
today hold on yeah okay so like what
happened people are saying you got to
talk to destiny think so God did you see
something about Michael Brooks and
you're sad tonight I a little hold on
before we have this conversation yeah
okay click this hold on a second click
this Lee chest bullet oh no I don't play
a 40 second chest so what are you scared
Pakman all right let me see hold on let
me just pull it up okay I mean let's
let's just see
I hope this type of stuff generates
subscribers on twitch because otherwise
this stuff is like a huge waste of time
it's not a waste of time this is
important okay this is intellectual
boxing right now to see where we stand
on the issues are you ready yeah is this
you I'm playing an honor oh yeah this is
me okay okay all right
[Applause]
[Music]
I've never played this format before
that's unfortunate for you because this
is this is the format that I excel in
okay
this is getting crazy here man I've
never played this format and I just I
guess I just got crushed okay cuz it's
all I wanted to do alright now that were
now it we're through this important
important trust game um what's up yeah
oh I'm sorry I had a conversation with
Michael Brooks today because we wanted
to I so I've been giving ok I don't know
how you are with my stuff but basically
I've had a problem with what I
considered to be oh my god militant as
[ __ ] progressives online I hate him I
hate him I hate all these commies and
socialists kids the chaplet rap Hauser's
the on ironic like Marxist and stuff
they're just annoying to me I don't
necessarily hate their ideology they
just come at me with a whole bunch of
bunk arguments 95% of these people don't
even know like labor value theory like
they have no idea they're talking about
but they're so quick to throw out every
single like contemporary understanding
of economics to make some argument for
some crazy socialist fantasy world where
everything is free nobody has to work no
other countries mess with us all the
every problem is just it's been
frustrating me so any tight back on
these people and I give certain
arguments people say like oh well he's
Dave Rubin
oh he's conservative now oh he's all
right oh he's extreme right-wing it's
like okay dudes so I guess Michael
Brooks kind of like caught wind of this
like Twitter war we have a whole bunch
of Mutual's and people were poking like
oh go school destiny on some topic we
talked for a little bit and I somehow I
guess he chooses a topic of the TPP and
I'm like okay fine the TPP is probably a
good place for us to start because
there's a lot of like I guess a
neoliberal or whatever policies
revolving trade and economics and maybe
we can hammer some of these out and he
came on and he basically talked to me
for like 55 minutes and I couldn't get a
single word him are you serious like you
like I think somebody want to go through
and tally the time if I had to make a
legitimate guess I would say I probably
like in the last 30 minutes I probably
spoke for three or four minutes and I
think he spoke for like 26 or 27 minutes
that would be mine now why did why
didn't you interject and say like hey
listen it's not really a conversation
unless I get a chance to talk to well
cuz I tried to but like every time I did
he had like a defusing so like he would
say like hold on hold on this is really
important or well yeah and he would like
do that and I'm like okay and then he
would like but then any time I tried to
address like so he would bring up like
10 points and I try to go back and ring
up the first one and then as soon as I
would get like halfway through
addressing it he would launch off into a
whole other very important monologue it
is like so did you feel like anything
was accomplished I mean the first part
of the conversation was like a fun
little circle jerk where we seem to
agree in terms of like people being
crazy on social media and [ __ ] but huh
okay well that I mean listen I don't I
didn't see that but I've been dealing
with just you know I mean there's like I
I guess my thing my big thing that I
don't like doing this thing where I just
like criticize the left from the left
for clicks I think that there's
legitimate stuff to criticize the left
for and one of those things is just like
the narcissism of small differences it's
as it's called we're like we agree on
95% of stuff and we make the focus the
5% we disagree on to it to the point
where we end up just like losing and and
it's completely counterproductive and I
think some of the stuff you're talking
about is under that umbrella uh-huh what
do you I'm curious what do you think in
general do you have you read even much
into the TPP do you have a strong
opinion on it er well listen I mean so
since it died I stopped following it
either but my basic view was like I can
find certain things in it that would
arguably be like incremental
improvements over what we have now but
like I just have a real problem with and
I know that these exist outside of the
TPP framework but I think corporations
have too much power and they exist
outside of the judicial system already
too much so you know that mechanism that
the TPP included that multinationals
could basically you know be an
arbitration outside of the laws of any
individual country is sort of that like
I saw a little bit of Bernie on Rogan
yesterday and when Rogan asked I'm like
why is this stuff legal and Rogan said
well because they made the laws I just
have a huge problem with that but that
doesn't like what I mean like this is
one way to look at it but it has to be
that way right like I would never if I'm
accusing a country of making unfair
practices that are making my firm
uncompetitive I don't want you there
that country's courts to determine
whether I would or lose my days right
like there's a reason why people always
resort to this third-party arbitration
in
so in thousands of other bilateral trade
agreements and other trade agreements
around the world a lot of mooch America
is already a parts here like I don't
want to sue a company in Canada or even
the government of Canada because I think
that they're implementing some unfair
labor practice that's [ __ ] just my
firm over and then their courts decide
who wins it loses that deal that's like
a horrible deal for me okay but hold on
so that's the most charitable possible
interpretation of why those arbitration
things are good if we step back from
like that that particular thing yeah in
most cases those types of barbra
arbitration things are significantly to
the advantage of the party that's most
in place to impose it so if you look at
like in the workplace if you look at
when it comes to environmental stuff
whoever wants that system is going to be
disproportionately benefiting from it at
the expense of the other party so I
think I guess Diaz panels let both
people nominate a judge and then they
both have to agree on a third panel
person it's not like it's not like the
person bringing suit picks three friends
to come over and evaluate whether or not
they win or lose no it's not but you I
mean I'm sure that you would grant that
these systems are subject to the same
type of regulatory capture that like
basically every yeah it's the regulator
it's industry regulating the regulators
and that's the same problem we have in
the United States where you know it's
it's like capitalism for the gain
further for the profits and social is
socializing the the costs and it's just
hard for me to say that I have no good
reason to think that they are proposing
that in good faith I mean I I just I
mean I can see where it might not be
perfect but I just can't think of like
if I let's say that I have a firm and
another country passes a law but I think
is hurting my firm you should arbitrate
this if not like a third party panel
like who shall that won't that you would
only ask the question that way if you
are already completely bought into the
status quo of the multinational
corporation there's another way that
this stuff can work which is the same
stuff that makes it so that you have to
figure that at that situation out is the
one that allows a company that basically
is an American company to on paper be
Irish and then not pay any taxes in the
United States and the answer is you stop
that interest
a company has a B C's or you don't have
multinational companies or what do you
mean what have a xxx national companies
but you regulate their activity their
behavior within countries based on the
laws of those countries I'm not saying
that it would be an easy thing to do
yeah but just like you this is the whole
problem though what do you do when a
country passes a law just to make your
firm non-competitive a country okay so
like what would be an example of that um
sure so we can use like a real-life
example in Canada there was a foreign
company that had a guess like that that
sold gas they're called ethyl Corp and
Canada passed a law that banned a
certain additive to fuel and it only
impacted this company didn't impact any
of the other companies in Canada well I
think if I think this is [ __ ] and
they're only passing it to make me
non-competitive if not third-party
arbitration who should I appeal to their
I mean okay so this I'm that gets us to
like a much broader argument of like
what are the rights that a company
should have like isn't that some there
would be people who would say that's the
prerogative of Canada you have no right
to sell your gas in Canada and if that's
what Canada decides then what why I mean
that that's totally their right like
that's necessarily my position but that
is a position that's that's not that's
not a trade position and then you're
saying like don't have trade deals
because like the natural extension of
where that gets us then is okay well if
your country I assume is about legal
system I'm never investing in your
country ever I'm never gonna start a
business there and screw you guys or if
you want to open up trade to another
country well why would I open up trade
with your country if anytime a firm from
my country tries to sell in your country
you make them non-competitive with your
local legislation like no one when
they're started moving the goalposts
though because you first started with
like the specific arbitration multi you
know a receding arbitration
infrastructure for TPP but now you're
just saying like what if any country
does something that's bad for my
business so it's like that that is a
moving the goalposts of sorts we'd but
that's the that's the fundamental
question I don't think it's moving the
cabal's the fundamental question is if I
have a firm and I wanted to be
competitive with firms in another
country that we're supposed to have open
trade with what do I do if that country
is engaging in discriminatory business
practices that favor their local
companies over a foreign one how do i
wasäôt that so this is I think the
strongest thing which is if you have
specific if you have a particular
agreement
and expectations that are part of a
trade deal then the question is how do
you enforce that and I completely agree
that you need to have some mechanism for
that my skepticism of the overarching
way that TPP had it and again I feel
like it's just semi moot because it's
dead
but part of the problem with it was that
it didn't seem like it was the narrowest
way to address that particular issue
okay I would be super curious and
hearing alternatives this seemed like a
pretty good standard for resolving these
disputes that essentially like I'm gonna
sue you so what we're both gonna do is
we're both gonna find our expert who's
gonna rule on this and then both of us
are going to agree on a third person or
if we can't then our two people are
going to agree on a third person and
then we're gonna and then they're going
to evaluate who's in the right here and
you need two votes to win your case
so not only whatever your person but
that's it I mean that seems like a good
way to resolve disputes using
third-party arbitration between a firm
in another country I get it I think the
issue I'm having is that TPP in total
was such a hand out to multinational
corporations which already control like
all aspects of everyone's lives period
and are raping and pillaging the
resources of the planet that it feels to
me like wait it wait a second are we
gonna just default to giving these
corporations everything they want I
think they like of course if we're in a
capitalist framework and we are doing
anything to improve the status of an
economy which is what multilateral trade
agreements are for these are by
definition going to benefit the largest
players in your country that's just a
that's just a reality right now if you
want to say something like corporations
have too much power or inequality is too
high I can I agree with both of those
statements obviously but you don't
address this with trade policy you
address this with with a domestic policy
right if I think you make a second but I
don't know that that's so hot let's back
up for a second though because if you
when I step back okay
TPP was going to significantly
strengthen patent and copyright law to
the benefit of huge corporations at the
expense of the average person it was
going to create again this like extra
judicial infrastructure for corporations
that even if you're making some
reasonable points about the need for a
system like it it's yet another letting
the company's figure out how they're
going to be regulated like when you step
back it's just letting big corporations
tell us how it is that they want to be
regulated and what it is that they want
to do and that I think is like the
fundamental problem I mean like I can
understand but like you're presenting
this with only one side like the other
side of this is that copyright
protections as much as we hate them on
the Internet are actually pretty
important to doing business if you're
going to invest a great deal of a
research and development into some
product you want to be able to
exclusively capture revenue through
selling it for some period of time one
of the huge problems that we talk about
right now but I think people I hope on
the left and right agree is that if you
set up a firm in some countries those
countries will make your firm transfer
intellectual property to other people
either to the state itself like in China
or to other providing firms and it's
like we'll [ __ ] well why would I ever
invest why I'm never going to set up a
company there if any software I transfer
or any proprietary knowledge is going to
be literally expropriated by the state
and then distributed to other companies
like I'm never gonna do that it's just
horrible so like I mean like this is one
of our huge critiques that we have with
China and it's arguably something that
the TPP would have given us a little bit
of leverage on that that another company
like a Chinese company couldn't do this
in another country that they're
operating in with an American firm
because now we can use the TPP to bring
suit against them or something
yeah I mean like the copyright stuff
maybe goes too far but this is more of a
broader critique on copyright law not on
the TPP because we all agree that you
should have someone copyright yeah go
for it let me quote an expert on trade
show named Donald Trump okay once said
yeah we don't want to take a hammer when
a velvet glove would work or something
like that
and I'm sort of joking because Trump's
not an expert on trade but what I mean
is I think that all of the issues that
you're bringing up could be dealt with
in far more narrow ways than the way
that the TPP was doing it and I am NOT a
grieving the death of TPP okay I I mean
I'd be interested in hearing those it's
usually I just hear usually all of the
accusations just sounds to me like
somebody's my corporation bad and then
like that's like the default like it's
not listen to it I am I am I am NOT an
anti capital I am a social democrat and
I am completely clear on there are
certain types of advancements
you need the infrastructure of a
corporation to most effectively kind of
like carry the risk and bear the
research and development costs in
connection with obviously the Commons
and the fact that a lot of the people
making those advancements have public
school education 'he's like okay i'm
tempering it with social democracy so
I'm not like an anti corporate guy it I
just think that again there are far more
even with like copyright you can't even
say here's the way to deal with
copyright and patents dealing with it in
entertainment media versus
pharmaceutical patents like they need to
be dealt with differently in their
different solutions in each yeah I don't
necessarily disagree I just I mean it's
just it's crazy to me that if you have
like a massive agreement that we all
agree provide some benefits that like a
few critiques of different things within
this agreement let you scrap the whole
thing like that's just like like it
would be like car shopping and you go
through and you find a perfect car good
gas mileage a lot of power a lot of
space you like I don't really like the
seats and I think we could just do way
better on that so screw this whole
vehicle and it's like that's how I shop
for cars as soon as the seats are
comfortable I'm looking at a difference
okay but like if at the end of the day
if you're walking to work every day it
seems like you kind of shot yourself in
the foot by being too extremely I know
maybe I'm too incrementalist and my
approach to a lot of these deals but I
don't know I mean I I mean I under what
you're saying is crazy it's just like I
think that there are narrower ways to
deal with each of the things that you
like about TPP individually that would
not create I mean the other thing is
once you get into something like TPP
it's sort of like the tariffs that Trump
has put in place yeah the off-ramp is
extraordinarily long and difficult so
for me wrapping so much stuff into one
deal in this way especially when so much
of it is questionable when we could deal
with all of these things individually
doesn't seem like the wisest path for
well but I mean these trade agreements
are usually huge the European Union is
huge NAFTA is here's like these these
trade agreements are always going to be
massive because there's so much there's
so many side agreements that you have to
make that have to address the specific
policies in every country and it just
seems like by walking away from it
America basically just said screw it
we're losing all of that influence in
the in the southeast Pacific region like
we just we don't have it anymore and now
China does because we walked away from
it the cut the ten remaining countries
signed on to
yeah with Japan leading them and now
China is moving through with their
initiatives to build out all of their
infrastructure across all of Asia and
Africa and we're just like sitting here
like twiddling our thumbs getting into
trade Wars and and block it yourselves
in a box I completely agree with you
Russia now I mean Russia that Russia
China you sort of like superpower and
dynamics have gone dramatically out of
the USS favor yes now you've got Russia
making deals with China for energy
harvesting you've got China going to
India for I don't remember if it's like
aluminum or steel because of the tariffs
I mean it's like everybody's basically
fine other than us as a result yeah
because those countries are not ignoring
like the globalist reality that we're
facing and the faster you globalized and
the bigger foothold you get in a global
market like the stronger your countries
gonna be China
absolutely understands that but then it
seems like we're scared in the West
because of dumb [ __ ] going on you've got
like the United Kingdom leaving the
largest unified market in the world
you've got the United States on
ironically engaging in trade wars the
largest trading partner that is actually
damaging not only our markets but our
job markets as well in the United States
like it's insane to me that people are
like all of a sudden we became
isolationist in like ten years I have no
idea what happened it's crazy hey is
this like what twitch is all about where
we just randomly are oh yeah sure yeah I
scream for 10 hours I'll talk about a
lot of random [ __ ] but yeah wow wow this
is crazy well listen I I'm slowly
learning what I'm doing on Twitch and
one of the things I saw is that your
channel is like at the top refer to mine
so like that's good right I'm a big
twitch streamer okay I might be a little
boy on YouTube but I'm a big guy here on
Twitch right you're you're doing well on
YouTube as well I'm doing okay yeah yeah
alright I got a UH like take phone calls
from my audience yeah all right well hey
have fun thanks for the conversation
thanks alright yup sounds good I'll talk
to you soon yeah let the record show
that I crushed Pakman in our chess game
it wasn't even close it wasn't even
close destiny spoke for 30 percent Berg
spoke for 70 percent 18 minutes to 41
minutes this overestimates dissing stuff
I really curious I know in the beginning
it was more equitable was I correct
there but I don't I think in the last 30
minutes I seriously think it was like
five minutes to 25 I wouldn't be
surprised if it was this guy says it was
47 minutes too
minutes the growing perception that
existing social institutions are
unreasonable unjust that reason has
become unreasoned the right wrong is
only proof that in the modes of
production and exchange changes have
silently taken place with which the
social order adapted Ehrlich has no
longer in key ID okay oh yeah when he
was like listen man you made some bad
points and I made some good point I'm
pretty sure he misspoke there right I
think he did I don't think you did that
intentionally
I think hey don't [ __ ] on Michael Brooks
on Twitter don't mean me and guys [ __ ]
off needs to be labor that also needs to
be the environment if we wrote TPP and
trade agreements as that we could all
support it but they are because I think
I'm the interest just legislation I want
you to respond like I have like five
minutes so we should we should do this
again
sorry [ __ ] me dude okay um there's so
many memes guys don't be mean to Michael
okay that's my rule for you guys today
if I see you why see you being mean to
Michael on [ __ ] on Twitter okay I
need to get food I need to go get
somebody
that's why well I mean I really want to
respond to the earlier that you brought
up about that well why would you have
the environmental agreement
