200 IQ take earlier about how knowing a
twist ending shouldn't make the movie
any less enjoyable noise happy
anniversary myself is an ironically
making the argument now that having a
movie spoiled for you is literally like
getting raped good job guys good 200 IQ
takes my son reddit my fans are real men
because they're so [ __ ] stupid Jesus
Christ do you think not being catcalled
as a right that seems like a more apt
comparison since they're just words that
potentially have negative you guys are
literally comparing being harassed in
the streets to going into someone else's
social meeting reading a [ __ ] spoiler
how [ __ ] out of touch with reality
are you oh my god it's so [ __ ]
pathetic but I understand like I know
it's not like this isn't about spoilers
it's about your guys's obsession with
social media like bit literally like a
woman walking through the street or
being able to walk through the street
that's like the same type of importance
as you being able to log in and read
everybody's [ __ ] tweets like it's so
insane holy [ __ ] that's news I do to
upload it's not already comment and you
realize are uploaded by default right
like when you post what stop these
people are [ __ ] so stupid
have you ever considered killing
yourself oh for [ __ ] movie spoilers
oh my god yeah and people comparing this
to voter suppression are you guys
[ __ ] serious right now
also Disney the only would watch me
tease and release order not
chronological order since the media's
craft without order in mind things like
prequels seek to establish expand and
elaborate the previous me no waves
relied on you got make space to pursue
pursue me out of order into what does
this have to do with spoilers how do you
think this is mutually exclusive oh yeah
people have so many threads it's been
like four I spoil it like four days
after it came out
people are yeah this is more yeah people
are so mad about this yeah I forget in a
few days it was just so stupid every
time spoilers roll around we get into
these Santa fights some of these are
pretty good I love that this one I do
remember what you remember the scene
from Game of Thrones it's basically
saying like show your fans a little bit
of respect be a nice guy don't be an
[ __ ] but I don't care
the good man destiny I think I'm lucky
that I have the perspective that I do
because I had a unique life as a casino
manager full-time music student I would
literally go to work than straight to
school and come home to sleep I'll idiot
no free time also to say just go see it
if you wanted to see it you wouldn't
seen it I like oh everybody misses the
important part where it's like don't go
on social media I've never been obsessed
with social media like you guys have
been though like Jesus Christ maybe I
need to relate to that you guys are so
mad how many Twitter accounts have you
got I use Twitter as my job I can't tell
if you guys can't see the difference or
not wait Charlie fees you get a softer
band than all the rest just want to make
sure we all agree that it's okay to
spoil everything as long as four days
have passed I want to know for future
reference thanks excuse for your social
media addiction it's just your job to
shitpost hunter I can't tell if you're
joking or not because you guys are so
[ __ ] stupid
no I hope it keeps changing focus I hope
you guys get [ __ ] triggered yep there
you go at least put spoilers on the
tweet I did put a spark
I like how people like well I'm gonna
support Al everything for you from now
on destiny it's like telling a fish
you're gonna drown it like I did I don't
give a [ __ ] I've always said I don't
give a [ __ ] about spoilers d'Estaing
railings is not for the obsessed with
social media when reality is casual
reading no you are [ __ ] obsessed if
you can't abstain for a few days from
social media you are obsessed there's a
problem I won't stop using those words
because you have a [ __ ] problem if
you're so ass mad about getting spoil it
and you're like not abstaining not
watching social media for four days
alright thank you better whatever
oh yeah I covet as their band whatever
is it yevette or Yvette Yvette Yvette is
it that big of a deal to put a support
learning before isn't that big of a deal
to just stay off social media I don't
care the thing is I don't give a [ __ ]
about people that get mad about getting
spoilered so why would I put a why did I
put a spoiler I don't care what you were
super good idea if you were busy that
weekend I think you saw someone in your
push notification spoiler for you just
scroll off as soon as you see that ha ha
ha I'm sorry I'll try harder in the
future to appeal to your [ __ ]
four-year-old sensibilities what's the
time what is the timeframe on when I'm
supposed to allow a person that lives in
another country it mean admit it's at
least at least a bit [ __ ] yeah sure I
guess so I just don't really really
don't [ __ ] care I just don't it's
just so [ __ ] stupid too weak now i
never mind up don't care i don't give a
[ __ ] no if I get a really [ __ ] funny
meme at [ __ ] that [ __ ] man I don't care
man I like my [ __ ] memes yo hey
what's up hey what's up man do you see
me not unless you're an amorphous circle
with a discord face in the middle no
well it's not the worst thing in the
world oh yeah I know oh you're but
you're like rotated oh [ __ ] do I have to
I can't do it like this this is terrible
why is it terrible
wait like using a cellphone I wasn't I
was about to use my computer but we ran
into an issue I'd never used discord
before so we went to go through the
process of getting it oh and I read a
new problem I would have to update it
and that would have taken forever wait
where's the Sun at it shouldn't he be in
here he'll be here in a minute
Oh oh I'm screaming don't say anything
bad stuff or anything okay I was about
to go on my diatribe yeah we got to keep
our alright power levels so I can't even
turn this [ __ ] side with a song that's
terrible wait oh wait it just worked
okay wait what kind of kid I'm super
curious what kind of camera are you
using this is just an iPhone oh you say
you're using a phone oh I don't even
know how to set that up son okay yeah no
it was like a last minute type thing I
was
ready to go with my official stuff and
then we realized I haven't updated my
MacBook since like 1984 okay well yeah
you got it working okay
I'm sorry okay I'm gonna start off with
a really heavy topic I got a question
okay cuz it's my fan base we've been
fighting over this how do you feel about
spoilers for movies movies do you think
you know how to talk about him on social
media do you think that people should
like try really hard not to get spoiler
do you think they should matter at all
just talk to me in general what is your
I mean I feel like I'm sensitive on both
sides of the equation so in other words
if I saw something when it originally
came out I kind of like walk on
eggshells a little bit and let everybody
know if I'm about to say something
that's a spoiler and I also kind of
expect that same courtesy if I haven't
seen something and like Twitter is just
lighting up talking about it I kind of
expect people to be somewhat cognizant
of people who haven't seen it but plan
on seeing it
so my general rule is like just be
cautious be cautious if you see
something and you know other people
maybe haven't seen it yet and it's a
popular thing I don't I'm not generally
a fan of people just going in
immediately when they see like Twitter
lights up with Game of Thrones stuff for
example I haven't seen Game of Thrones
yet but I plan on seeing it soon so I'm
always like I have to like read very
carefully to make sure I think there
about them like really spoil something
not to talk about it what about so this
is like really crazy okay but I'm super
curious okay what about just not going
on social media until you've seen it is
that is that not possible you can do
that
it's asking too much of family right
like maybe they wanted to see Game of
Thrones or something but they couldn't
see it so I think that's maybe asking a
little too much of people um so is that
your stance your stance is like it's
incumbent on I feel like it's I feel
like it's insane how obsessed people I
was social media that they can't just
like abstain for like a couple a few
days that seems like really strange to
me but you know that's a whole topic of
itself I feel like you're right about
that that it's hard for people to kind
of break free from it but also I'm a
little bit of a hypocrite myself because
I'm like I'm like us you know that study
where they spoke about rats and and the
rats like ran to the little water thing
that had some cocaine in it and they
like kept going back to it I feel like
I'm the rat and the cocaine is Twitter
and like I just keep like I just can't
help it if I'm doing nothing I just whip
out my phone and go to Twitter or I'll
you know pull it up on my on my laptop
or whatever and even when like I taught
myself sometimes where I go all right
I'm done with social media for the night
because I'm pissed with it for whatever
reason and then without even consciously
thinking about it 12 minutes later I'll
just open it up on your head and I'm
like what are you doing and I'm gonna
catch it until I've already looked at a
few tweets and I'm like didn't I say I
was done with this for the night so yeah
there's a weird social media addiction
thing that is probably more of an
addiction than anything else I've
encountered in my life for me personally
okay
[Music]
