all right welcome welcome we are going
to have what I think will be a very
interesting conversation today I am
going to be joined momentarily by you
may know him as destiny you actually may
know him by any number of names if you
ever look at the chat during his live
streams but I won't be using any of
those others know him as a Steven
bunnell how you doing man great to have
you here I'm doing great how you doing
good so we're gonna eventually get to
sort of like the meat of this
conversation which will include the last
time we talked we kind of left off with
the fact that we don't
apparently fully agree about the use of
lobbying advertisers to boycott programs
we'll get to that we'll talk about
platforming I'm curious my views have
continued to evolve on the issue of
platforming I'm curious whether whether
yours have but if people are not
familiar with you are you you you were
on Twitter I think you're still kicked
off Twitter right oh that is correct but
I have a friend that posts on Twitter
and he posts a lot of really cool things
that I yeah that's fair but so people
are your biggest following is is on
twitch is that fair to say
yeah for sure I actually have been
thinking about whether I should be doing
stuff on Twitch people sometimes write
to me and they say David you know
instead of streaming on YouTube you
should stream on Twitch and my reaction
is usually I don't have any followers on
Twitter I just be starting from zero
like is there any reason you can think
of I just now start on Twitch
I mean cross-pollination across
platforms is always a good business
venture I mean like there are people
that watch twitch they don't necessarily
watch YouTube even if you streamed it
only picked up like a few hundred live
viewers on on Twitch I mean one you've
got a big following on YouTube that you
can already use to build a following on
Twitch and to any new viewers you pick
up on Twitter people that might not have
ever necessarily discovered you on
YouTube I think about the business point
of view spreading out to different
platforms is almost always a good
decision as long as you're not
compromising anything that you're
currently on to do it which I don't
think I am yeah maybe I should look at
you would I have to do like I just never
watched twitch would I have to be doing
drastically different things than what
I'm doing now uhm the bar for like
twitch content is much lower than like
the bar from whatever let me explain
that when I say that like like you can
do you can stream whatever on Twitch you
doesn't have to be like super super
formal or anything I
that people usually set a lot higher
standard for their YouTube stream so
yeah I mean you can get whatever you
scream on YouTube is almost for sure
gonna be fine for twitch all right well
if if there's continued interest I guess
I will make an account on twitch and
start to figure figure out what it what
exactly it is I would be doing there do
you so yeah I think there's a I don't
know what program you guys use but there
should be literally a way to sigh most
Rheem like you should be able to just
push one button and have the identical
stream that you're streaming on YouTube
go right to twitch as well like that
should be and you don't even have to
think about it you know see now that
actually sounds interesting I you we for
the live streams I use OBS which I think
I think what I would have to do is just
add a secondary stream address and then
I might be able to actually stream to
both of them
yep I'm pretty I'm almost positive you
do them on OBS or I know you could have
one point in time so yeah so listen last
time you were on neither of us made a
pilgrimage to the bond Studios in Los
Angeles which is where Jesse Lee
Peterson films and records his radio
show and his TV program and all of this
stuff so you you went out there how did
were you going to be in LA already and
they somehow reached out to you or did
they actually invite you out um I
actually moved to the LA area so that I
could do like live content and stuff and
I guess when they found out I was out
here they reached out and yeah I went on
the show so what the what struck me is
most odd about being there well okay so
I mean first of all I don't know if
people in the audience know but Jesse
Lee Peterson is he has a program which
he films out of a I guess it's like a
Christian men's counseling center right
like he's offering he's obviously not a
therapist but the term counselor is not
regulated and he offers counseling to
men and particularly Christian men but
he also has a studio there like am I am
I saying that correctly I did not know
that I thought they were just renting
like a conventional studio I don't know
anything about this counseling thing or
whatever yeah I think that that's why
like the name bond I think it's initials
that mean so I don't even know what it
means but anyway that's what he's doing
out of there the thing that was odd to
me was that his staff they sort of
seemed to be fans of mine but it also
seemed like they were very hesitant to
show that like they were almost scared
that Jesse Lee Peterson wasn't gonna
like that and was going to respond
maybe in a way that that was not good
because when I showed up they all
immediately like they wanted pictures
and whatnot and when Jesse Lee Peterson
walked into the room that it very
quickly slowed down and all of a sudden
it was like what was this type of thing
okay what it was just a very strange
atmosphere yeah I agree
I had like similar things come up where
like a couple of them asked to take
pictures with me yeah I don't know it
was pretty strange but okay the way that
I kind of view it this is like my guess
and I've only been there twice but like
it feels like Jesse Lee Peterson is very
real like very much dedicated to
everything he does and it's not like a
joke or anything but the other people
that are there are just kind of along
for the ride and they're not necessarily
like I was committed to whatever [ __ ]
mission weight and I let us say the
f-word here I'm sorry what are you oh
yeah please oh yeah it's just the
YouTube stream yeah you should have
asked for it but yeah but it seems like
um the other people that are there just
kind of like along for the ride and
they're just kind of cool with doing
whatever as long as they get paid and
they kind of have fun doing it and
that's like the impression that I get
yeah I'm curious whether so after I did
it a bunch of people wrote to me and
they said hey is Jesse Lee Peterson
playing a character is he for real my
impression is he is 110 percent for real
I mean off camera he was talking to me
about voting for Trump he was making
racist comments off camera he was
talking about quote Mexicans and black
people and all sorts of stuff I had no
reason whatsoever to question the
authenticity of the on-air character
that he plays yeah same yeah
wouldwould uh did you get follow-up from
his audience at all um I like I I dive
into the the filth that is kind of
alright or extreme right YouTube and
everything so often that it's hard to
tell who comes from what areas in
particular I always have so many people
that like are saying such crazy [ __ ] all
the time
it feels to me based on the call ins
that Jesse Lee Peterson got during the
show and on the comments that you got
some as YouTube that like a lot of the
people that watch him aren't like
conventional like heavy Internet users
so I don't think that a lot of them like
followed me over to like talk [ __ ] on my
youtube or on my Twitter whatever I
could be wrong but it just seems like I
just kind of got more of the standard
same dumb comments alright yeah other
people on the internet other like
right-leaning people like do you know I
don't know how low you go do you know
like the Ralph's retort or like the
kills
many of these types of people no I I
feel like I should because people
contact me and they say David why
haven't you debunked XYZ youtuber yet
and usually it's like I just don't know
who these people it's yeah you know
you're there you shouldn't you're not
missing anything of value but like these
people will watch like their streams and
be like oh yeah Jesse Lee Peterson dried
up a lot of really good points are
really Duncan and then those fans will
come and harass me but I don't think
Jesse Lee Peterson has the fanbase to do
that right now it doesn't seem i Ken I'm
um I'm working on maybe doing like an
in-person thing with him with a studio
audience next time I'm in Los Angeles
and part of me is just like so curious
as to what that will be like and then
part of me is scared huh I don't know
which is which whether whether the
scared part is reasonable you said
you're doing an in-studio interview with
him I'm looking at doing an in like an a
live audience thing with them next time
I'm in LA or okay is it gonna be like
he's done organizing it or you're the
one organizing it it's unclear yeah
that's one of the questions is going to
be there these are the sort of questions
that need to be answered oh okay yeah
we'll sing okay so let's start to get
into some of the some of the stuff we
were going to talk about so we last time
you were on I I think that to summarize
and tell me if I'm if the summary for
where we were last time is wrong so we
can at least start from the right place
is that when we talked about platforming
we both sort of have the perspective
that there's no like list of people that
are okay or not okay to platform that
it's all about what we described as
responsible platforming if the ideas are
more or less worthy of being refuted and
if you feel as though you are equipped
to responsibly challenge those ideas
that that is this sort of basis on which
you evaluate whether you give somebody a
platform or not am I am I sort of like
where we were last time yeah and I think
it's more or less where I'm at I'm still
at that spot now yeah so let's pick it
up there because since there have been
like the last time we talked there are
two really two formats that have become
pretty prevalent in terms of political
debate one is these sort of like
Internet blood sports types thing types
of things where there can be anywhere
from you know two to six people on a
stream and I've done some of them you've
done some of them you I watched one one
that you did sort of recently
and I guess the first question there is
like what's your assessment of the value
of those because I do them sometimes and
then other times I don't and basically
my decision is based solely on what kind
of an audience is it going to get not on
the sort of caliber and quality of the
discussion that's going to happen but
what's your sense of that format which
now I guess it's profitable for some
people I don't know they I'm guessing
they wouldn't do it if it wasn't can we
hold on wait one second I think yeah
stream cut out for a second I don't want
you to miss too much in your my stream
cut out or your stream on is having
internet problems right now huh that's
weird
seems to be working fine over here but
that's strange does here is your I don't
know if you can see the OBS on your
computer is it like red in the bottom
right does it look like it's not like
transmitting enough Internet or no no
it's all green oh wait hold on wait
people are some people are saying it's
okay no okay no ran right I'm just I've
got your chat open and I saw how much
people when people put F's in the chat
that usually means there's a lot of
internet problems but no see I wouldn't
even know that I appreciate that
it's fine okay I'm sorry so you were
your question was basically asking is
there anything what's the value of these
internet blood sports six people yell at
each other and it's goes on for 1 2 3 4
hours sometimes like do we gain anything
from that so okay so there's like a
million ways to talk about this so I'll
try to be as succinct as possible I
think that there are a lot of people
that admire people that are willing to
go like into the trenches and like
viciously defend what they believe
against other people and I think that
there are people that believe that that
this has a merit in and of itself and I
think that I am somebody that because of
what I do I think I'm kind of in a
unique spot to gather viewers or
followers because I'm willing to engage
in that so to be clear I'm not saying
everybody should be willing to or that
everybody needs to or there's something
that everybody should practice to do but
if you can do it I do think there's a
value there because I do think that
people now I'm not saying that it's
right or wrong or good or bad that
people do this but people look up to
people that are capable of entering an
arena with a ton of people that
viciously disagree with you and then
being able to have like this sort of
like bro ish alpha male whatever like
back and forth conversation with these
types of people and I do think it's
guarded me a lot of respect and in
certain areas of the internet that has
let people listen to
my content that wouldn't be the type of
people that would like open a contra
points video and watch for more than two
seconds because they're scared of like a
trans person you know is there I mean is
is changing minds it should changing
minds even be a priority during those
things or like is that just not because
not what it's about at all
I mean I usually the thing that I say is
the 40-40-20 thing we're like they're
gonna be people on both sides that are
so dug in I can be as dumb as I want the
other person can be as dumb as they want
and no one will change your minds but
there are people in the middle that are
kind of undecided and these are usually
the people that I look for like if I
feel like I go on to somebody else's
stream who's crazy and I feel like I
have a really good showing the top voted
comments are all gonna be [ __ ] on me
but if you go down a little bit you'll
start to find like upvoted comments or
like hey like normally I'm a big fan of
your stream but I don't think this was
your best showing or I'll trick like
reddit threads or subreddit threads
about a lot of these things and people
like hey you know I feel like you know
especially for Digg Masterson I feel
like dick is a really smart guy bla bla
bla but this was a really bad showing
for him I don't think he did well and
usually those are the types of people
that I'm kind of like looking to move
over just kind of like showing like hey
this person isn't as infallible as you
think they are is the format so I'm sure
as you know some of these things like
they're literally for our streams where
it just goes on and on and on or six are
ya or six I mean yeah at six hour I
don't even I don't even watch on to X
speed but so there's this common
feedback that I get from people because
sometimes I'll be invited onto these
things and people will write in and
let's say David you know it's like I get
the point of engaging with people who
disagree and the topic is sort of
interesting but when something is for
hours like there's no way to sort of
succinctly take anything away from it
just I remember what I remember is
people talk for a long time some people
talk louder than others some people talk
more quickly than others but like
ultimately my takeaways are just that
the conversation took place and that's
where I wonder like is it even is that
even a format where you know we talked
about on cable news you get four minutes
to talk about something and like
obviously that's a ridiculous format to
talk in depth about anything but on the
other hand is three two three four or
five hours on a single topic that is is
that a format that also really
communicates information of value to the
audience I just don't know I mean it has
an audience right there are people that
watch it and the way that I view a lot
of this stuff is at the end of the day
like there are people that are going to
tune in to these types of things if I
can present like a left-leaning
perspective or I should say like a
progressive perspective perspective a
progressive perspective on these types
of shows
and I and I think I'm equipped well to
do it then yeah for sure I would love to
be involved in that because otherwise
these things just end up being screaming
matches between a bunch of alt writers
and everybody kind of like laughs about
it and you know they have all their
memes and everything but you don't
really get like a progressive point of
view ever presented in an effective
manner so I mean like there's a special
type of viewer that watches these
long-term things like these aren't the
types of people I mean you even know
this right so so like for instance like
the types of the type of person that
watches like a youtube video isn't the
same type of person to watch a live
stream so like you can have people with
a lot of YouTube subs so that don't
really get quite as many viewers on on
live streams and you're gonna people
with a lot of live stream viewers that
don't get quite as many YouTube viewers
just because it's like a different type
of audience so I do think there is an
audience that watches this long-form
content and consumes it a lot
differently than people that
conventionally watch YouTube videos so
let me bring up now in these sort of
trends of platforms and formats that
we've been seeing and everybody listen
everybody's gonna know that I'm talking
about Dave Rubin so I'll just say like
he sort of RiRi he's on the vanguard of
this format once again and it's this
standing up straight without a backbone
er sorry no well I guess that we that
may be part of it but what I'm actually
talking about is this idea of I want to
get ideas out into the ether I'm not
here to fight people on every assertion
it doesn't mean I agree with everything
that they're saying but I'm all about
ideas and hearing about the ideas that
people have and what this has led to in
practice is pretty fair criticisms of
Rubin for allowing quite frankly
unhinged right-wingers to say things
that are ridiculous that that are just
they're just wrong and they're
demonstrably wrong by any standard of
examination but the the argument is that
the format is one where people just get
to sort of give their perspective and
Dave wants to learn about their ideas if
I did that with Richard Spencer like
when I interviewed Richard Spencer if I
took that approach my audience would not
tolerate it and I'm sort of interested
in your perspective on is that a
legitimate perspective to take or is it
is it just something that you've got to
find a niche audience that's okay with
that but it's really not something that
we learn much from I think it's totally
legitimate to want to have all ideas
expressed out there but it already
happens they're called [ __ ] libraries
or you can go on Wikipedia you can read
about
this idea that you you are you want all
ideas to be here so you bring them on to
a [ __ ] internet radio show or
whatever is absolute [ __ ] you're not
you're not just you're not just like
platforming the ideas you're working as
their publicist or PR firm at that point
you know if I bring on some guy to talk
about like history revisionism who's a
neo-nazi that at the end of the day the
consequence of that is there are going
to be some people that listen to it and
go oh you know this guy actually made a
lot of really good points you know I
think I'm gonna go and research more
about this and some of those people will
inevitably be lost down that hole of
kind of like all try propaganda and this
can be true of any idea of platforming
you know either like science deniers
climate change deniers you know people
that are extremely conservative people
that are extremely you know religious
now that these all ideas are all like
equally bad or equally good or whatever
but just that like when you platform an
idea and you don't challenge it then
inevitably some percentage of your fan
base is going to look into that idea
more and then kind of be lost to it
whether that's a good thing or a bad
thing so I mean like I would argue that
we have a responsibility as public
figures to platform things that we that
kind of like a line with our moral
values you know I have a set of morals
that I believe in in terms of um you
know what should people do in society
what people ought to do in society and
if I were to bring on like Nazi after
not see after not see after like
traditional conservatives traditional
conservatives like now that these are
the same I keeps trying to say that cuz
I don't think like all conservatives are
not so every but like basically people
that I heavily disagree with politically
or morally all I'm doing is I'm exposing
my fan base to their idea so that they
can you know eventually kind of like
flow over to that part of the Internet
and then be a part of that group why
would I do that it doesn't make any
sense as stupid right the urban is is
basically a prop for kind of like
conservatives to spread their message
that's all he is he's not platforming
ideas he's like he's like a stage one
recruitment platform for a lot of these
conservatives online that's what he does
I think he knows why do you think he's
doing it why do you think this is the
format he's decided on because you could
take the position that I mean listen
it's not for us to figure out the exact
of financial logistics of the show but
there the case has been made that it's
because he's not equipped to actually
refute the ideas the case has been made
that it's because he agrees with the
ideas the cases were made that it's
because of the people who fund his show
and they're just funneling him these
guests and implying
go easy on them do you have any strong
opinion on that so I like to I think
there's something called hanlin's razor
or Hanlon's razor and it's basically
it's never a tribute to malice that
which is adequately
by stupidity I don't like to assume that
a person is an evil actor unless I have
a really good reason to think so
I honestly think Dave Rubin like so many
other useful idiots online it's just
really really [ __ ] stupid he doesn't
deserve to be in this space he's not
equipped for it he's he's just he's
completely uninformed he doesn't have
the intellectual rigor to take on any of
these ideas and I don't even mean that
in a big way I do think he's real dumb
he's real real real dumb and yeah I
think he just ends up being like kind of
like a useful idiot like a puppet for a
lot of those more kind of insidious
conservative groups that are trying to
spread their influence online and I
think that's kind of yeah I think that's
where Dave Rubin sits at right now
that's what it feels like to me I feel
like there is and I'm curious what you
think there are elements on the left and
the right that for me sometimes get a
little bit too much in the direction of
suppressing reasonable conversations and
by reasonable I don't mean conversations
with reasonable people but I mean
conversations where bad ideas are
actually going to be challenged in a
serious way and and the example that I
have been thinking about for a while is
when I interviewed Richard Spencer like
a year and a half ago or something like
that you know I knew what his ideas were
I find his ideas disgusting and
deplorable he knew that there was no
sort of pretense that this was let's
figure out what white nationalists think
we sort of know what they think and
we're gonna challenge these ideas and
after the interview obviously there were
people on the right who didn't like it
but there were people on the Left who
wrote to me who said this is just a
really bad idea to even give someone
like Richard Spencer airtime and I went
back and I did a youtube search Richard
Spencer interview and like within two
weeks of when I talked to him
Artie had interviewed him CNN had
interviewed him and they were relatively
milquetoast interviews where his ideas
were not seriously challenged and to me
it's like is the problem that he's
getting airtime or is the problem that
he's getting airtime on corporate media
or media where he's not being challenged
and I feel like the left you know the
right I don't even try to argue with the
right on this but I feel like the left
needs to not make this mistake I 100
million percent agree I think we did it
for a long time in the United States
especially like kind of seen what
happened with Trump where like the the
airtime with Trump was basically like
lol look at out dummy is like oh my god
Trump is so dumb right and
everybody like you know liberal outlet
she's kind of like aired it over and
over again like oh my God look at this
dumb thing that Trump said and in the
election rolled around is like oh [ __ ]
like I guess these people don't all
think Trump is really dumb like oh [ __ ]
maybe we should have actually addressed
some of the things that he said because
they are worth addressing you know I
mean like you kind of see this like
boiled down into Hillary's uh you know
traumas like make America great again
and Hillary's like America is already
great it's like okay well not everybody
feels that way and at some point you're
gonna have to address that whether you
want to or not like you you have to
address some of these issues because
people on the right are doing it and
people on the left aren't you know like
today in the progressive movement we
push a lot of minority figures you know
black people women and whatnot to the
front of media it's it's to feel like
they have voices and representation
which is great and I think we should
absolutely do that and I love that we're
seeing that more but for some reason
we've kind of got this idea where we
leave a lot of white people feeling
vilified now I'm not gonna sit here and
make the ludicrous argument that like
the white man is the most persecuted
blah blah blah I need stupid [ __ ] like
that how well right there are a lot of
people that feel that way and when you
look at the left well okay well let's
say I'm kind of like a I want to be like
a woke white dude like who do I look at
on the left you know and you don't
really have very many people to look to
and then you go to the right and you
have these incredibly persuasive
rhetoricians the people like Jordan
Peterson then it's like oh well [ __ ]
like there's only one place to go you
know Jordan Peterson is giving me like a
lot of advice he's giving me like
reasonable ways to view my life because
a lot of my self up stuff is actually
good whether or not lefties want to
admit it and then there's none of that
on the left and it's like well [ __ ] it
you're losing the rhetoric battle and at
the end of the day that's really all
that matters you can be as right as you
want but if you're not persuasive
nobody's gonna care what you have to say
are you familiar with this Christian
financial dude Dave Ramsey no what does
he do I feel like okay so lame before it
works I got well here's the thing I mean
the reason I bring him up is I think
that there is a significant similarity
between Christian financial dude dave
ramsey and jordan peterson and it's this
similarity huh the things jordan
Peterson is saying that are as you say
sort of like reasonable sensible advice
for most people if applied responsibly
are not unique or new to jordan Peterson
Jordan Peterson didn't come up with them
he sort of repackaged them in a way that
comes along with a whole bunch of other
stuff that is problematic Dave Ramsey 75
to 80% of his financial advice is
uncontroversial
it's been around for like a hundred
years if you go back and read you know
1920s basic financial advice but he
repackages it along with this sort of
born-again evangelical stuff and
connects it in that way and what happens
with Peterson is a lot of the people
that fall for Peterson they see the
sensible stuff and then they believe
that his worldview is like an extra
group inextricably tied in to that
simple basic advice yes and so then they
fall for the worldview
similarly with Dave Ramsey you see
people he's like listen you got to pay
off the debt that has the highest
interest rate first if you don't have
six months of expenses saved that's an
emergency and you've got to deal with
that and by the way when you pay off
your debt you do this primal scream
that's similar to like when a Christian
person is born again and it gets all
tied in and that's why these guys are so
dangerous because they're sort of
articulate nature and and a presentation
wraps together the uncontroversial stuff
with the worldview yeah and anybody that
like anybody that tells a lot of lies
knows that this is like true as well
like if you want to tell a really good
lie you always have to ground it out in
something that's true you always have to
start with something that the other
person knows is true because then when
you go in to tell the lie if they know
that part of what you said is true it
because really hard to separate like the
fact from the fiction later on you know
and people people do this thing where
they get outside of they kind of get
outside of what they know for a variety
of reasons this is one of my big
criticisms actually like Jordan Peterson
right where I think that Jordan Peterson
is qualified to talk about self-help
stuff I really yes because when I look
because when I watch videos people and
people do this all the time they're like
videos like look at this stupid Jordan
Peterson video by the sing and I'll
click it and it's like a stuff happening
I'm I'm actually thinking like this is
actually pretty good there's actually
really on point like I actually really
agree with this but then people like
Jordan Peterson I guess because they get
really good in one area I think like oh
well you know since I could do this I'm
gonna go and talk about like philosophy
or history or politics and was like oh
god stop but all the people that
followed him along for the first thing
because I thought it was like oh well if
he knew that he must know literally
every single other topic right and
people do this with Elon Musk people do
this with Neil deGrasse Tyson people do
this with with with all sorts of people
they're the Bill Nye the Science Guy
right like yeah it's a really bad thing
but it happens yeah the big con for me
with Peterson is not that he has
repackaged basic advice that's been
around for a long time and is profiting
from it
it's it's actually that there are people
who sort of fall for the sort of more
grandiose theories that he presents
about the real problem in modern society
is this neo-marxist postmodern
egalitarian obsession that the far left
has become an entangled with that they
can't seem to get away from or whatever
else and that for me is like really the
the big con that he's waged and has
convinced people with because it's much
it's much easier just to take like the
piece of self-help advice and say oh
yeah that applies to me or that doesn't
apply to me and it's like much more
clear-cut whether it's something that
that is relevant for you but then when
you see that that stuff is as
charismatic as you point out then you
say hey you know maybe maybe the problem
is these radical leftists at
universities and the suppression of
speech or whatever it's way harder to
Reason yourself out of that stuff when
you're in it yeah and like people on the
left always well I know it's not people
all if everybody does this people always
want to see people is holy good or holy
bad and it's just not true and I try to
stress this all the time like I never
make the or I try not to make like to
clean your room jokes about like Jordan
Peterson because that advice and
everything he talks about it was
actually really good and one of the
problems that you run into is it when
people on the other side start falling
for some of this with some of that
rhetoric and then you won the love so
there in sable everything about that is
untrue what's like well hold on this is
your basically do you know what dare is
it's like the drug enforcer up use
resistance education yeah like it's
probably not a good idea to smoke
marijuana every single [ __ ] day
that's probably really bad but if you're
telling me that if I smoke marijuana my
dick is gonna shrivel up and fall off
I'm probably not gonna listen to
anything that you have to say you know
like you can actually say things like
hey Jordan Peterson offers a lot of good
self health advice
but as politics are really bad there's
nothing wrong with that statement and
people on the left always feel like they
have to brush off or no I'm sorry people
on both sides but we're talking about
life right now right
we'll always brush off every single
thing that somebody has to say like
there's no valid criticism in there
whatsoever you know like I'm not I'm not
a Marxist but I think that there are
valid criticisms that Marx levies
against capitalism I don't believe in
the red pill at all but there are a lot
of really valid things that red pill is
bring up that you have to be prepared to
address and this writing off an entire
ideology wholesale is only gonna drive
people away that do see the nuggets of
truth that those ideologies are offering
do you what do you see is the shelf-life
of Peterson because this could be a guy
who until he's in his 80s is in demand
as a speaker and continues writing these
books that are that are bestsellers in
30-40 languages or whatever or maybe he
just sort of like evaporates in five
years and I don't know which way it's
gonna go I mean it all depends on if he
has like social issues that he can kind
of like hinge himself on I guess like
cuz when you look at a lot of people
like to pretend that Jordan Peterson got
famous for doing self-help stuff but if
you if you go back and you look like his
YouTube analytics for instance yeah you
see a massive uptick when that c16 stuff
happened like that's when he first
started to really get popular you know
so as long as there are these issues
that he can kind of like hook himself on
to and to kind of like remain relevant
to talk about he'll probably continue to
be popular that would be my guess but I
mean it's hard for me to predict exactly
what will happen you know like nobody
predicted like Milo's downfall would
have been as Extreme as it was to go
from literally being on like you know
Showtime with Bill Maher and stuff and
then to like having the the pedophile
stuff come out and now he's like he
can't like fill an audience on like an
auditorium you know yeah just another
speaking tour I guess just got canceled
again or something I just read I pay
very little attention to that but I did
see that that article okay so let's get
into the ad boycott stuff now which is I
feel like from our last conversation
this was the most serious disagreement
we had which was that I think in short I
sort of defended but lobbying
advertisers to pull advertising from
shows as a kind of legitimate method of
political activism and I think generally
speaking what you you didn't say that it
should be illegal or anything like that
but you were just against it as a
pragmatic point of view um I guess like
I'm in favor of it but for only the
reasons I agree with and not for them
yeah so I mean it's kind of one of those
things it's kind of like guys like do
you think you should be allowed to kill
people it's like well if I think it's
justified right you should like in
self-defense or whatever and somebody
else might agree as well but they might
say for like well apostasy or something
you know like that it's like well I
don't agree that so like yeah I mean
like I guess it's more kind of like the
more fundamental questions like who
should have ads pulled from them because
like for instance and unless you talk
about like an extreme free speech person
an extreme free speech advocate I don't
think anybody should say like oh well if
you want to come on and literally do an
entire show dedicated to the supremacy
of white people you have a right to have
like advertiser sponsor program and
would you take that position I'm not
trying to like get you here anything
well I mean I don't know that it's a
here's the thing I don't know that it's
a question of rights for me this is the
fundamental issue sure when it comes to
if we're talking about the speech of
those who are hosting the show versus
advertising decisions are also a form of
speech and anything that the advertiser
wants to take into consideration when
deciding where they want to advertise
they're obviously for you to do and then
the speech of the activist who wants to
contact MetLife or whatever company and
Lobby them to make a decision one way or
the other on the basis that they would
boycott that company if that company
keeps advertising somewhere I don't want
to restrict anybody's speech presuming
that it's not against the law so that
that's like my starting point so I feel
like any activism that I do against ad
boycott demands other than saying I
don't think they're effective or I'll
get to what some of my problems are with
them I don't want to kind of get get
ahead of myself anything that it's sort
of at top of a top level saying this is
a type of speech that I don't think
people should exercise I I hesitate to
make that argument okay um I guess so
this is something I would have agreed
with a while ago but my position I kind
of like deep platforming has evolved
quite a bit okay passed like a year and
a half I hate bad faith actors or people
that engage with gross negligence in
public discourse and I think all of
these people should be aggressively
removed from any type of public platform
I don't think they serve any good
whatsoever and I'd okay all they do is
dilute the conversations and cause
people to get by I think that these
people are actually they represent a
fundamental attack against some of our
fundamental structures that make
democracy work like but so what's an
example what's an example of one of
these just so everybody knows like the
type of thing you're talking about
so when you engage in either totally
factually incorrect information or
grossly negligent of information so here
it's like we can do a ton of exams but
like here's not like a very easy one do
you know who start gonna vacarro's right
I am assuming or no yes I know him as
Carl Benjamin Carl Benjamin okay you
come on car side of a sour kind of a God
okay so like Carl does this thing a lot
he brings up studies or he makes like
these comments about people or things or
places that have happened but these
things either don't happen the way that
he says they do or he's just completely
and totally wrong one of the critics
apples I can think of is um there is a a
journalist lady that wrote an article
about council housing have you heard of
this no yeah but basically he said
something along the lines of like of
course this council of course this
journalist comes out in favor of council
housing she's never seen one before and
then like you know and people I think
Shawn and Jen did a YouTube video this
is like well actually you know she's
literally lived in them and if you would
have just clicked the Twitter profile on
her thing you would have seen that she's
lived in them before and then Carl came
out made another bean he's like oh well
she probably never lived in any of the
bad ones like any of the ones in some
place and like Shawna Jenn was like well
actually this is almost exactly like
where she said she's been at or
something like that and it was like
really bad it was really obvious that
Carl was like totally wrong on
everything he was saying and these
people that like make these statements
that are just factually incorrect like
we can't have conversations our
democracy dies if we literally can't
have conversations that are rooted in
like fact-based conversations or or like
Trump when Trump like just blatantly
lies about something you know when he
says things like three million people
illegally voted in the last elections
like wait for what the [ __ ] are you
talking about like this isn't even like
like a disagreement you're just like
this is just factually not true like
okay but but for the purposes of our
conversation so okay Carl Benjamin just
has bad faith argument or totally
ignorant argument where he repeatedly
asserts things that aren't true okay
yeah obviously that how does that relate
to so how you say he doesn't even
deserve to have a platform how should
his platform be removed um I I mean like
I think people should actively try to
boycott it or private companies should
like have like rules against like these
sorts of like bad faith actors where
they're just like oh we're not gonna
host you if you literally just serve to
spread misinformation here okay but hold
on because now now I'm trying to follow
that so you could have Terms of Service
obviously but producing content in bad
faith is one that I you know I I don't
call something a slippery slope unless I
actually think there is one I think
we've got to be careful sure that's a
pretty slippery slope to say we you you
can't do Gore crimes or bad faith
arguments I just don't know from a
practical perspective how you enforce
something like that yeah and this is
kind of like I don't want to say that
this is like so there's something called
the Nirvana fallacy so let's say for
instance like we're on a boat we're on a
ship that's sinking into the ocean and
and I'm like hey we should jump on one
of the lifeboats and sail away
like whoa hold on right we don't know
this lifeboat is gonna hold us we don't
know what the capacity is it could have
a hole in it we haven't check and it's
like okay well hold on like the ship
that we're sinking on right now is
[ __ ] sinking like this is not working
we can nitpick every single like
alternative that I give but the reality
is is that what we're on right now is
absolutely failing like you can't tell
me that unless I present you a perfect a
perfect alternative that we can't even
consider it you know and I'm not saying
you're doing that exactly but like a lot
of people when I bring up my stance on
deep platforming they'll say like hey
well couldn't this be a slippery slope
couldn't there be problems of
implementing this how would we know that
this is working and yeah for sure a lot
of this would be really difficult to
implement but in my opinion the reality
is is that right now our inability to
have fact-based conversations is
literally destroying our democracy like
I don't think we can continue on like
this for very much longer
if we literally are believing in things
like [ __ ] Q and Nan or or like pizza
gate I don't think that we can actually
have an established working democracy
because like being able to get
information that's true though there's
like one of our like fundamental
institutions we have to be able to do
this so I mean I don't disagree with the
concerns that you're outlining but to
step back for a second from the the good
faith thing you you mentioned two things
that should happen with just two Carl
Benjamin you said you talked about the
platforms to decide you can't you can't
do this bad face-to-face stuff on our
platform but then you actually said that
there should be a boycott of sargon of
akkad which from our last conversation I
thought you had said that you were
against advertiser boycotts do you mean
people should just boycott his channel
as viewers rather than going after
advertisers um well I would have to
remember exactly I don't like the idea
where it depends on the the subject
material being boycotted so for it's
like I don't believe I just hate bad
faith actors I'm not as concerned with
like hate speech even though that can
lead to bad outcomes but like if
somebody wants to go online and do like
a KKK channel or like a whatever [ __ ]
like that I don't think that they should
necessarily be boycotted or ads should
be pulled or whatever blah blah blah I
just want to get rid of the bad faith
the bad faith actors like if somebody
wants to get online and make like a
Richard Spencer type wants to talk about
like how white people are secured of my
people that's fine we can have that
conversation you can have a channel or
whatever just don't well he doesn't in
fact I caught like 30 seconds of a
stream of his deed like he actually has
that he has the Richard Spencer show now
and that's what he does and what is it
monetized I would guess
not but but I don't you know again if he
knows how to tow the line between
actually advocating violence and not and
I think we just need to make sure as as
the anti-authoritarian free speech left
that I consider myself a member of I
want to make sure that if I am actually
telling a private company that I want
them to restrict the speech of someone
that that same rule applied across the
board is not going to have unintended
consequences yeah I agree
you just subscribe to real
utilitarianism which is exactly what I
am but so I 100% agree that we shouldn't
like craft a rule that could basically
be utilized in a way in the future that
we wouldn't want it to be but I mean
like I hope to never be a bad faith
actor like I try my best to do my
research if I'm talking to somebody that
seems way more informed on a topic than
I am I usually like you know I let them
talk I'm not gonna sit here like make
stuff up or try to lie to get a point
across so I mean I would hope that like
any rule that I craft that says like a
bad faith actor or somebody that engages
in gross negligence and doesn't do
anything to like prevent this you know I
don't think I would ever fall under that
I would hope not to to fall under a rule
that would like cut me down there yeah
so to expand on my position from last
time we talked because again we just
like we figured out that we apparently
had a disagreement on this in the last
five minutes that we were talking what
one of my principles is any restriction
on boycotts of any kind and this implies
not only boycotting advertisers but
boycotting the program any restrictions
on on those boy boycotts I see as
restrictions on speech and so I'm
against them sort of on unprincipled but
that's a different thing than saying
that boycotts may or may not be a good
strategy and one of the things that
concerns me about advertiser boycotts is
that this is our the best argument that
I've come across in trying to steal man
an anti advertiser boycott position do
we really want advertisers having more
power to decide what topics are covered
and how they're covered in media because
if you go after an advertiser for
advertising on a program that has a
particular position on any issue pick
the issue right abortion gay marriage
education whatever as soon as the
advertiser starts getting involved in
the minutiae of we're gonna pull our
money because the host took this point
of
you or whatever the advertiser
effectively gets even more power and and
I think that huge corporations already
have a ton of power so that's my like
the best argument for me against ad
boycotts is that it puts editorial
control into the hands of advertisers
and that's a real problem you're killing
me
I'm a big capitalist okay let me preface
that I hate lefties okay but I what
you're talking about is basically just
you're just critiquing capitalism of
this point like you're saying like do we
want advertisers god damn it I hate
making all these left the arguments
because now my but basically what you're
saying already happens right advertisers
already decide whose platform like the
name oh yeah the major media
organizations are already controlled by
massive conglomerates elections are
already decided by wealthy people and
lobbyists you know large companies
already decide like what type of like
speech we see and what gets platform to
whatever like it already happened so I
mean it seems like people pressuring
advertisers is at least in some way
taking the decision from the advertisers
and giving it back to the people and in
some ways right you know you know you
vote with your wallet like but that
sounds that's the argument I was making
last time which you were disagreeing
with it sounds like you have had sort of
a to not not to make you the next Dave
Rubin but it sounds like you've had a
political awakening on this issue of
sorts yeah I don't I don't remember how
long ago we talked last time but well it
was 15 years yeah well I don't know what
cuz know cuz I've actually won a teat on
this position completely interesting if
you would have talked to me and I know
two years ago I am I was an extreme anti
D platformer like I thought every speech
should be hosted every dunk should be
online no boycott should have an all the
surgery that was my position I want 80
100% on this position so that so it's
possible that if you talk me back then
that my position right now is quite
different yeah I absolutely think that
bad faith actors should be eradicated
from the internet and with no violet
connotation or that like they just they
just don't they don't serve the public
discourse in any way size shape or form
it's just so horrible like it they just
do nothing good for us you know one of
the one of the strongest arguments that
I see in supporting advertiser boycotts
and in a second I'm going to talk about
people who say but David you could be
hurt by this and what about what happens
as soon as people start boycotting you
and I'll talk about that in a second in
our society this is kind of like a
critique of capitalism and again I I'm
most social democrat right
a democratic socialist or a Stalinist or
a communist or anything I want regulated
capitalism individuals have very little
power to fight back against the sort of
combined power of big media corporations
in the political system yeah boycotts
can potentially be a tool to do that the
average person has very little say over
whether Tucker Carlson keeps his show on
Fox News the average person has very
little say over the regulatory
environment that allowed Fox News and
CNN and MSNBC to get so big and the
media consolidation that has taken place
the advertiser boycott is a slightly
indirect way of actually at least
attempting to get back some of the power
that individuals have lost over the last
4050 years relative to huge corporations
and media conglomerates and for me
that's like the strongest reason to be
completely in favor of advertiser
boycotts sure a little bit yeah I kind
of I'm I don't like in a way this kind
of segues into a totally different
conversation because for instance let's
say that all of our media was like not
necessarily state-run but state-funded
our positions on this might be a lot
different right if like if all of media
wasn't for-profit like entertainment
driven you know like like metric driven
you know what gives us the most viewers
what's the most entertaining [ __ ] we
might have different positions on this
so it's hard to have those two
conversations separately does that make
sense yeah I do understand what you're
saying
but you know the I think that when you
consider I mean listen but like like
let's take a step back for a second if
we were just to say what are the ways in
which an individual can most effectively
exercise their desires in American
society right we can say well okay you
go and you vote and then you realize
well you can vote but the legislative
desires of corporations and rich people
are way more likely to actually be made
into into the law than those of just
middle class Joe or whatever there's an
interesting Princeton study on this that
demonstrates this so then it's like well
maybe voting is actually not really the
equalizer that some might might hope it
to be so my point is when the rubber
meets the road what are the most
effective ways for the individual to
impact the society in which they live
I mean violent revolution is what all
the lefties would say I don't know if
they're wrong but I don't know I mean
the first thing though I mean it's
interesting because you could disagree
with my framing but instead of
disagreeing with my frame and you're
sort of saying man I'm kind of like
where my mind is going is the the
so-called radical left no I mean III
don't disagree you're friendly at all I
mean I 100 agree I mean like the federal
government has enough information to
file a taxes for us if you're a simple
w-2 owner if you if you just earned w2
income the federal government can do it
right yeah reason we can but sure we
there are riders on legislation that
Republicans have passed because they get
Lobby back into it to make it so that we
the federal government the IRS is not
allowed to actually do that it's against
the law for them to automatically file
your tax form I don't remember voting
for that I don't think for anybody voted
for that I'd only anybody would vote for
that so there's a lot of stuff that gets
kind of like passed through
legislatively
that we don't directly have our hands in
which is in the way the consequence of a
representative democracy I understand
but the problem isn't so much that we're
not being represented or the problem
isn't or rather the problem is that
we're not directly voting at every
single piece of legislation the problem
is who are the constituents of the
people in Congress and I mean kind of
what we're getting and it doesn't feel
like your constituents are the people in
your districts it kind of feels like if
the people that are giving you money to
win your elections which is not
oftentimes like the average person
that's being represented you know yeah
yeah I mean we're sort of getting to I
mean it's like this is just such a
broader thing but as we've been talking
about on my program for a while when you
talk about representative democracy the
idea would be that you know a member of
Congress that represents it's like seven
hundred and something thousand people
that are in their third congressional
district that their votes would reflect
not what other elected officials in
Washington say is going to be our
platform I mean really they would
represent the views of the seven hundred
and something thousand people that then
put them there but we simply know that
that's not the case and that that that's
a much bigger issue that we have to deal
with it's not really a representative
democracy it's a democracy that is
representative of moneyed corporate and
wealthy interests and I don't imagine
you and I would disagree about that I I
don't know if anybody could disagree
with that right yeah I guess the
question is whether we're better off
with that system
versus you know I mean when you go back
when you go back to Socrates Socrates
was not like the biggest fan of totally
representative democracy sort of for the
the similar reasons that we're kind of
alluding to here which is the masses
don't necessarily make the best
decisions but this is kind of like a
broader I mean I don't even know if that
we want to go down this path necessarily
I mean I like representative democracy
for a few reasons
actually I think represented democracy
is way better than direct democracy
you can't expect every citizen to be
totally updated on every piece of
legislation it's just not realistic
we run into issues where sometimes it's
better for political processes to move a
little bit more slowly for instance
could you imagine leaving the future of
your country and its place maybe in like
a large trading body up to the average
citizen to vote on that could end
catastrophic leap maybe
absolutely so things like Bragg's if for
instance it's not like I I'm okay with
the idea of a representative democracy I
just think the problem is like the
representative democracy isn't
representing the constituents in the
actual districts the people it's
representing the people that pay the
money to win their elections and some
sort of election reform there is
probably like really important to make
it so that that doesn't happen
so you mentioned revolution and we don't
have to talk about revolution but let's
actually talk about some so we've talked
before on my program about sort of like
okay you can sign petitions online and
those probably do nothing other than
maybe raising some awareness about
wedding like a finally response from
somebody in the White House is I am yeah
you can go and vote and of course voting
creates change in an indirect way that's
also relatively slow so like if you look
at what are some other meats or sort of
violent revolution what are some other
protest methods that activists can do
and you often hear civil disobedience
strategic loan defaults everybody stops
paying their mortgages it completely
shuts down you know the financial system
in a way that that Congress has to
intervene and and maybe you get
something out of that we talked about
dressing I haven't heard that idea
before maybe every year student loan or
something yeah yeah the idea of that is
that if enough people act together you
can shut down the financial system on
which all of these industries and
government rely and that is a way to
maybe get
get people's attention but what I want
to get to is we obviously can imagine
how that would work at scale but you
know a million people signed up saying
if X happens we're gonna rally if Trump
tries to fire molar or whatever I mean
the molar report told us that Trump did
try to fire a molar and Don McGann said
I'm not going to do it
nobody's rallying right I mean people
are busy you you can't you're not even
sure half the country can't meet an
unexpected 400 dollar expense so so
what's it actually going to take to get
people to go and do mass rallies and
stop working I don't know what the
answer well as far as like stuff like
that this is my position on this as
always and this is totally I'm sure like
a sociology somebody could have a well
more nuanced position but my opinion all
this is like until people are actually
like starving or like facing the threat
of not having a basic need met so we
could look at that like whatever
Maslow's hierarchy of needs of like your
fundamental like if you don't have
shelter food or clothing that that's
when that's what actually gets people
out into the streets to start like
rioting and [ __ ] I don't think it's
gonna be like you know
president Trump tweets out the 400th
ridiculous dumb [ __ ] thing or fires like
the next like FBI director or something
I don't think that's actually gonna get
people out in the streets like in mass
like riding and I don't think that's
gonna happen
yeah and this is why I think still that
the most likely scenario is Trump just
kind of gets reelected with with
relatively little controversy in 2020
and and I don't know where you are on
that I don't whether or not Trump gets
really I would have to check out isn't
he not doing as well like in the
popularity polls like even though all
the report stuff didn't like vindicate
him as much as he wished it would I
don't think he was yeah I mean here's
the thing he's got like a high 30s
approval rating and a new poll says 55
percent of the country won't vote for
him but you can easily win with those
numbers because half the country doesn't
vote and we have an electoral college
system well I mean I'm hoping that the
people doing those polls are projecting
these to like voting populations right
they'd like this yes yeah whether or not
Trump gets reelected I think is largely
going to depend on how how the democrat
stuff pans out I have like intentionally
not followed much because I cause there
are like 50 people like looking for book
deals right now that are all running as
Democrats oh man we get a little bit
closer to the debate session I'll start
like tearing into the candidates more I
heard that Biden is running I don't know
how I feel yeah well he is I hope that
the DNC like is a little bit more
cognizant of their progressive base and
of like the very Moberly active people
actively mobile pee
that like when you get out and protest
and be excited kind of like Bernie's
audience was kind of like Trump's
audience was and I hope I don't know man
I really shouldn't say anything is it
irresponsible because I haven't looked
in as much but the idea of like Biden
being like the Democratic frontrunner is
very [ __ ] scary to me and it feels
very much like a repeat of what we just
did with Hillary I hope it does spectrum
on the political spectrum they're
similar Biden's significantly older he's
also male I mean I've said if some
people are have been writing to me
angrily saying I'm I'm Pro Biden I'm not
pro Biden I'm pointing out that he's
been doing well in the polls since
before he was running and he raised a
bunch of money on his first day and I
think he's generally a good debater but
I think it's it's a bad idea to go to
Hillary what is effectively Hillary
Clinton 2.0 is there is there anybody
else that and if you just don't if
you're not following it that's totally
fine is there anybody else you
particularly don't like who's running um
but I particularly don't like um for not
for good reasons no no I I'm still kind
of like I'm in the Bernie camp right now
I think although Bernie Bernie fans are
fanatic holy [ __ ] although maybe that's
a good thing I mean Trump fans were
fanatic keep it Bernie fans are crazy
but I still generally like Bernie even
though he has a lot of positions that I
think are really stupid or a couple that
I think are really dumb I can't think
for them like what he's like
anti-nuclear power which I oh yeah I
don't like that he seems to be like very
protectionist which i think is very
naive so for instance he's not a big fan
of things like NAFTA or the TPP and I
think there are problems there I don't
think that isolationist overprotective
thing looks works very well like in this
you know day and age but for the most
part I like Bernie I like a lot of his
like domestic policies and the way that
he would like you know kind of be more
social in terms of like we're just
redistributing wealth what I think are
good for you I feel like the problem
problem with a lot of the way people
talk about trade policy is that it sort
of assumes we're going back to the
beginning before we have sort of like
geopolitics and and you know
globalization so you'll hear arguments
that are sort of like flatly here's why
in rational actor classical economics if
you're starting from zero tariffs are
bad or tariffs are good or protectionism
or whatever and I feel like what's
lacking from all of these arguments is
that these principles don't account for
the fact that
we've got like several hundred years of
relationships and economic policy and
decisions that we are starting from and
you're not starting in a vacuum and
therefore you sort of have to account
for not what happens in an economics
textbook when you apply a certain policy
but what is the effect also considering
geopolitical relationships and like what
I think this applies to both Trump and
Bernie that a lot of their analyses on
trade miss that context yeah it's very
populist like it's very like for the
people driven you know it's very easy
for everybody to rally behind you know
and [ __ ] on the TPP like it's so bad it
gives all these protections to blah blah
blah and it's like yeah there were
definitely problems with it but if
America just says well [ __ ] this I'm out
I mean you basically lose all of that
influence to China now right and a lot
of our leverage in the TPP is now
completely gone a lot of that got
removed because we completely left and
now you know a key multilateral trade
agreement that we could have used to
lean into China more for things like
copyright issues and stuff like that now
we just totally gave all of that up and
all that influence is lost to us and is
gained by China which is not good right
in very in yeah that's a whole other
thing but a lot of the international
like trade related stuff is very [ __ ]
complicated but people see something
like the TPP like oh it's bad it's like
okay and then yeah yeah I don't know
yeah and I feel like Bernie does a lot
of stuff as well there's some basic like
international relations stuff that I
feel like we'd be very well served if
people just kind of knew and by people I
don't even need just random people I
mean people who are involved in making
decisions you know like if you just
understand like structuralism which
argues that the most important factor in
how countries are going to relate to
each other is is sort of the that that
kind of top-level hierarchy and that
relationship rather than the internal
dynamics of whether a country is more or
less socially liberal or whatever the
case may be that it's sort of the the
international structure of nation-states
that is most important like it you know
liberalism not in the context of
progressivism but just the idea that
countries have priorities which they try
to make effective through a domestic
policy there's just like really basic
stuff that I mean obviously Trump
doesn't know it and none of us are
surprised by that but a lot of the
people that are on TV commenting about
this stuff don't even know sure maybe
yeah I and I mean that's kind of you
mentioned this earlier that's kind of
the consequence of our four minute like
news bite cycles right we don't even
have time to get into any of that yeah
if it's okay with you I've been getting
a bunch of super chats while we've been
talking maybe we'll just see if there's
any interesting ones and answer yeah go
for it usually when I'm on these shows
when people have super chats usually
it's a bunch of people saying that I'm
like a pedophile with something so
hopefully you're there I think oh here's
a super chat for ten dollars why are you
talking to this man lit soy boy [ __ ]
destiny she's anything [ __ ] his girl
yeah but yeah
well so here's a good one from Nate
mcbrady who sent for 15 bucks he says
could either of you gentlemen which I
already like the way it's starting
refine the distinction between
controlled regulated capitalism versus
uncontrolled regulate I guess they mean
uncontrolled unregulated capitalism I
mean for me the difference is it's the
difference between the sort of Nordic
economies and a libertarian free-market
utopia which really doesn't even exist I
mean it is that's how I would put two
points on a spectrum to explain to
people the difference between the two
okay so the way the big difference I
would say is it like the like here are
the two most important things okay
markets are real and they work and you
have to acknowledge the power of the
market but sometimes markets don't work
and when they fail you have to
acknowledge when they don't work so like
for instance if you want to make
affordable housing happen in the United
States rent control is a real [ __ ] way
to do it because markets are real and
market forces are not going to allow
some of the wreckage will ever work
however if you want something like
health care to work in the United States
you have to acknowledge that for a
variety of reasons there are market
failures that exist in health care
that's not going to work that needs to
be socialized right that's kind of my in
terms of like unfettered capitalism
versus like I guess I got a sock dem
approach to capitalism
yeah and for everybody you know there's
a lot of I guess I would call them
basement economists or I don't know what
term to use maybe that's a little bit
pejorative but there's a lack of
understanding of something called
elasticity of demand and when you
sometimes it's not that the market
doesn't work it's that because the
demand for something like healthcare is
completely inelastic you either have no
demand for it whatsoever because you're
not sick and therefore whether the
sticker price for a knee replacement is
a hundred bucks or a thousand bucks or a
million bucks it has no effect on your
demand all of a sudden you need a knee
replacement or you need chemotherapy or
whatever and
the price also has no effect on your
demand because you damn well need that
thing and the fact that some of these
markets have inelastic demand it's just
like basic economics and it's completely
missing from most serious discussions of
where markets are I would are even used
the term ethical where there is an
unethical market given in elasticity of
demand yeah and I mean like elasticity
of demand is only like one like you've
got Geographic monopolies like you've
got different types of like rent-seeking
behavior that have like favorable
legislation that favors certain large
companies like there's a whole bunch of
different things that could that could
be the reason why a market fails you
know and there's yeah I mean you just
need to recognize when these happen and
then you need to legislate accordingly
you know you've got externalities like
pollution for instance that's not
something you have to pay a price for
unless the government makes you so why
wouldn't you pollute more than your
neighboring you know factory or yeah
there's like a million other yeah so
let's see TV says Tonka's aw and knobs
would destroy both of you plebs do you
know who those people are I don't know
who those people are yeah taco sauce
like an online wrestler crazy dude and
then no [ __ ] is a guy that is
inspirational the most inspirational
story in America I have you ever heard
this guy talked before no oh he is
astoundingly stupid unimaginably stupid
he will make you question everything
about what you think the average human
is capable of when you listen to this
guy talk but he has over 600,000 YouTube
subs and he's growing real fast his
growth is tremendous it's insane but
yeah should I check these people out or
not um I don't know I mean if you're
like in a padded room and you don't feel
suicidal at the moment then maybe you
can but oh my god otherwise it's real
hard listening to these people it's
their astounding how horribly stupid
it's funny like conservatives always
talk about like the you favor the NPC
meme yeah yeah yeah I'm like MPC number
one if you check out some subreddits
okay yeah but like conservatives are
like the ones that do the same NBC and
PC talking points like how many videos
have to be made about brie Larson like
destroying superhero movies because
Captain Marvel was a bucking woman or
how many times do we have to hear about
like sjw's ruining some franchise
because they put like a black person I
don't know I feel like I hear the same
talking points over and over again from
conservatives I just have this crazy
like anti sjw bend and it's like how
many yeah let me see ecto squids says do
you guys for CNS
Galatian and attacks from white
nationalists I think they feel desperate
and time-constrained about white
replacement uh I mean listen the last
two years tell me unless something
changes we're gonna continue seeing an
escalation in violence from white
nationalists there's a new ADL report
which I'm talking about on my show
tomorrow we're anti-semitic attacks
assaults rather doubled from 2017 to
2018 and I'm actually I wonder if we
disagree on this my view has been that
Donald Trump did not create white
supremacists what Donald Trump did not
create white nationalists or
anti-semites but as Richard Spencer
personally told me they see Trump as the
closest thing that they've had in a long
time to someone who will sort of just
look the other way and not aggressively
criticize them and that that's what's
involved in them I don't know if what
your take is on that um yeah I mean I
kind of agree like I've always said like
Donald Trump is never the problem he's
like the symptom of a larger problem
that has to be acknowledged getting rid
of Donald Trump doesn't get rid of all
the people that we're looking for this
type of leader to kind of show up yeah
Pacman's pee girl has a question why did
I post revenge porn of their dad which
I'll deal with uh probably on a paid
only that that's a little too crazy for
what we're talking about here oh wait
wait wait wait what you can't just skip
over that wait is that a meme or did
this happen no it's I don't know what
they're talking about honestly but I
like to pretend that these are serious
things all someday come clean about a
game I have you noticed the videos that
hack Tim Poole has made recently I don't
watch any Tim Poole stuff do you I know
him personally I don't is this a guy
you're familiar with yeah he's kind of
like I don't know like imagine like
David Rubin and Joe Rogan had like a kid
that inherited some of the baldness and
then all the bad ideas and lack of spine
that's like temple right now yeah so you
don't really like his content it sounds
oh no he's like the most absurd face
sitting like or not face sitting Christ
sitting position what was the last dumb
thing he tweeted it was like yesterday I
think even where you just here's like
the like the worst position it's like if
you were to go into a topic and you're
like what is not like what's a bad
position or an okay what is the worst
position I can take on something it
seems like that he somehow manages to do
that oh man can someone in my channel
know it like something that he just said
like literally yesterday of the day well
one thing I saw
yesterday which I responded to was that
Dave Rubin is right not to have Sam
cedar on because if he did Sam cedar
would do so poorly that the left would
say you had a week left is done and I
was like that's a really really dad like
that just doesn't make any unevenness
tupid imagine how lost you are to think
Dean Rubin would win a debate against
Sam cedar I can't even imagine but
actually the the temple thing was um it
had to do with not platforming
extremists or not like um not bending to
extremists and he called progressives
extremists that was like yeah that's the
thing like okay so my backstory with Tim
Poole as I met him four years ago at a
conference and he was perfectly nice and
said he he found out about me when
Westboro Baptist Church was hacked by
anonymous live on a show I did and I
said that's totally fine and we sort of
kept in touch a little bit and beyond
that he's always been perfectly nice to
me but I I'm aware that he claims to be
on the left or some kind of centrist but
the few things I see him post to
Facebook all seem to be attacks on the
left yeah that's what they always do
though they always say like it's like me
going on my channel and being like hey
guys just you know I'm cool with Jewish
people like they're fine or whatever and
then tonight we're gonna do my my part
72 of my 800 part series on how the
Holocaust maybe isn't really reported as
accurately as it really was and then
like any time somebody like put you like
wait dude are you sure cuz he's seen and
it's like dude I'm just trying to steal
me on the argument for a history
revisionism about [ __ ] the Holocaust
what's wrong man what's your problem
yeah they're ready people do that dumb
[ __ ] all the time and it's you know what
the ironic thing is you wanna know the
super ironic thing is is they're
virtually signaling that's what they're
doing when they say things like oh well
I don't hate X group like I'm actually
really liberal in the United States I
just hate feminism black lives matter
and everything to do with a Democratic
Party and I don't think Trump is as bad
as people make money but I am a liberal
like dude you're virtually signalling
the word just own that's not a
reasonable position that sounds pretty
reasonable to me actually
wait you're joking okay I've heard so
many times it's not even a joke when you
say it I have to do a double-take oh god
there's somebody who a couple of times
is asking that we touch on end
and encryption and I don't really know
anything about that like is that
something I can are you able to comment
on end-to-end encryption the coming
reality event to end encryption
my guess is end-to-end encryption means
that like a middleman can't like listen
in the middle of a conversation and pick
up what's going on in either end but
those types of encryption technologies
already exist so I don't yeah I guess
this person is saying that it will make
it infeasible to ban child porn and
radicalizing content if there's actual
end-to-end encryption I just don't know
enough about this to be able to comment
honestly oh so what I think what the
donator is at is trying to say is like
let's say we make it impossible for
third parties to intercept our
transmissions do you think that's a good
thing or a bad thing because if we do
make it impossible for like the
government or intelligence agencies to
listen in our conversations can't people
use that for bad like spreading child
porn cuz I think what he's saying okay
yeah well I guess I would need to read
up about that just not something you
know I have no problem saying that's not
an area of expertise and I'm the last
person who should be commenting on that
the homer pimps in wants to know if
either of us would consider going on Joe
Rogan there's probably an interesting
conversation there I've said before I'd
go on and if I did I would gladly tell
Joe what I think is great about his show
and what I think is not so great and
I've been in touch with this producer
and he actually sent me a message the
other day because we had like a
copyright thing and it maybe we're gonna
make something happen soon what's your
sense do you think Joe Rogan is creating
a platform for interesting conversation
is he disproportionately platforming
problematic people like what's your view
so I don't think Joe Rogan is an extreme
conservative or anything like that I
think that Joe Rogan is probably
legitimately like a center leaning kind
of guy who this kind of circles back to
our very beginning conversation on like
responsible platforming regardless of
your personal point of view when you're
bringing on like conservative after
conservative after conservative and you
make them seem like reasonable cool
people that are just like down earth
chill people what's gonna happen is some
segments of your audiences invariably
going to peel off and start following
those people and he's dead to people
like Jordan Peterson he's done it to
people like Alex Jones like there is
only one issue like you can go on and
give like legitimate well I say
legitimate you want to talk about like
how like maybe we should exterminate
races of people and as long as you say
it in a friendly
like joe rogan I'll probably sit there
and listen to and maybe even agree with
you a little bit at the end of the day
I'm being really extreme but like yeah
it seems to me there's only one issue
there's only one issue that Joe Rogan
will fight to the death on right like
maybe black people maybe we can make
arguments for black people being
exterminated maybe the Holocaust didn't
really happen the way that it did you
know maybe we should subjugate the
working class to horrible condition well
did you just say something bad about
marijuana we're gonna spend the next
hour of our show you will never insult
cannabis in my presence and he'll
actually go real hard on that issue
that's like the only thing he'll
actually defend it the death so I mean
yes I think there's a couple other
issues where I've seen him do pretty
well is these sort of extreme cartoonish
libertarian arguments that sometimes
people make and in fact there's a day of
Ruben thing where Dave Rubin talks about
like chickens and the postal service and
it's just an incredible implosion and
and Joe Rogan just very carefully and
calmly exposes it on climate change he's
sometimes pretty good when he had
Candice Owens on he really made her look
stupid on the issue of climate change so
yeah I mean I think is it's not that he
lacks the intellectual capacity to
challenge any of the people that come on
I think sometimes he's just under
informed and he even said that like
after the first time he had Jack Dorsey
on and people said whoa
like you didn't talk about any of the
serious stuff that should have been
discussed
he actually said I was underprepared I
didn't properly properly prepare for
that so for me it seems just more of an
issue of he's got a lot of interest and
he's not super informed about all of the
stuff he's interviewing people about
kind of yeah that I'm like I don't think
and I could be wrong here I you know if
I'm wrong correct me but I don't think
that Joe Rogan sees himself as like a
journalist or media outlet so he doesn't
necessarily think he has that extreme
responsibility to like the public
discourse yeah I think yeah so I I just
don't think he puts in like the the
rigor to actually do that because it
doesn't see it as his responsibility but
I mean unfortunately that it seems like
so many people seem to think that and
here we are you know where all of these
people end up platforming all of these
conservatives or like these extreme
conservatives over and over and over
again without challenging them and as
much as you know you want them to be
challenged like I didn't watch the
episode with him in Canada so ins thats
great if he challenged her on one issue
or like this is a person that should be
destroyed for like three solid hours
like she is so much horribly
stupid [ __ ] that like yeah but I didn't
watch that whole episode so I don't know
how much he called her on or not the
progressive voice wants to know if you
and I played 1v1 basketball who would
win and I mean let's maybe deal with
that first do you play basketball you
know and then how tall are you I'm five
foot eight okay I'm also five foot eight
so actually I mean I'm kind of out of
practice so it may actually be a fight
like are you generally in pretty good
shape
I mean I'm not like huge but I wouldn't
say good shape I can like keep up with
my kid and run around with them but I
don't know we can uh we'll set this up
sometime okay all right yep it may be a
fight next time I'm in LA also ask
destiny about the bed Judah clip he
retweeted it and I think it's bougie de
right I every time I pronounce it wrong
but it's mostly a goof yeah it happens
but but so is there anything that you
want to comment about that clip you
retweeted I don't even know what it is
oh it basically there's like um do you
know what anime is yes of course okay
you say of course but DBZ is one of most
popular an amazing you didn't seem to
know much about it David it's true I
don't know anything about that yeah but
it's like Saiyans are like a race at
Dragonball Z and Vegeta is like a say in
nationalist he thinks that they're like
the superior things or whatever so yeah
that's just people we're moving in you
about that clip and lastly I think a
great note to end on is someone in
non-super chat I'm going out of super
chat even though I have no reason to but
I'm gonna go out of super chat for this
what do you guys think about white
people which is a question on the
vanguard of socio-political thought at
this point in time I don't I don't even
know how I answered that question like
that I mean either Jessie Pierce and try
to get me on this one do you have black
people oh that was another thing that
temple had tweeted if you believe in
white privilege you are by definition a
racist I just remember that another dumb
temple tweet but yeah that's crazy I've
not seen that one so I have to say I
have to make sure I say if that's true
that's absolutely ridiculous but I
haven't seen that that that particular
term oh sure just in case I saw if you
want to look at it but yeah he said that
like a week ago but yeah okay oh and it
popped up oh and it popped up everywhere
yeah there we go there so there's the
link if people want to see that all
right so have what else I think that
this has gone well what what else do we
need to discuss is there anything else
on the agenda that we
should be mentioning um oh man I usually
just ask my chat what they think I don't
know if there's like any other major
topic that we disagree on where are you
on Venezuela I wonder if there's this
Agreement there wait about the coup that
happened earlier today because I didn't
read anything about it or what just in
general I mean did you have a view have
a strong view on what the Maduro java's
legacy um I don't know it seems pretty
[ __ ] I don't read as much about that I
usually follow like local stuff more
than then stuff going on in Venezuela I
know a little bit the only research you
did about Venezuela had to do with their
economy because I know a lot of people
point to issues with like oh that's why
socialism doesn't work so I was kind of
curious like why their economy failed so
I know a little bit about like the
nationalization of the oil industry and
yeah the the over-regulation problems
that kind of like got them to where they
are today but in terms of falling like
the current regime or you know stuff
going on with Trump and his relation to
that I don't follow as much now so at
least it's fair to say that you are not
like one of these fans of Nicolas Maduro
no I'm there like a lot of I've seen
reactions to this aren't there a lot of
like lefty people that are kind of like
championing him and saying well the u.s.
is only trying to kick him out because
this is capitalism versus socialism
again Orson yeah and then some people
are getting mad because they're kind of
excusing what are probably human rights
violations of this guy because he seems
to represent like yes yes yes yeah I
mean so far your limited perspective
matches up with mine which gets me
criticized on a lot a lot a lot of
YouTube channels I've never heard of but
yeah seem to be very strong in their
positions that I am very very wrong on
this issue yeah I thought I try not to
talk a lot cuz I like I like I kind of
like I've seen some but I haven't like
dug in I usually on a lot of these
issues it used to be that I would like
give a take on something and then I
would get a million people emailing me
with like history PhDs telling me why I
was wrong so I tried to be really
careful before I talk about an issue so
I would like read a little bit more
about it to figure out like what the
with the best position to take oh so I
don't really comment much on it yeah
that's perfectly fair and I think it
should be lauded to do that rather than
say how is it that destiny is not
commenting on this he's telling us he's
not read up on it as much as he he wants
to and I think that that's great we it
would be great if that happened on more
shows can you imagine if during these
like internet blood sports things
someone said you know in the middle of
it respectfully I feel like I'm not as
well read on that issue as I would like
to be to comment so I'm gonna pass on
that one
that's where the format falls short
because you can't really do that in
those six way for our you know internet
blood sports ironically it's actually
one of my weakest points is because if
somebody confronts me and something that
I don't know I'll say like oh I don't
really know as much about this like I'll
do that openly but the people that I
debate are never doing that so it
actually gives me the appearance of
looking very weak when I do that like
some guy like a guy will open up and
talk a whole bunch of [ __ ] about some
[ __ ] that he is totally [ __ ]
uninformed about without a problem in
the world and I'm not usually willing to
do that so sometimes it makes me look
like I have the lower hand in a debate
yeah all right well listen this it's in
a very interesting 70 minutes yeah
what's up okay hold on
so we can talk more later about this
there is a twitch show that is totally
unrelated to politics but sometimes to
do politics just because I'm on it and
the guy the guys name is train wrecks I
don't know that matters to you but
sometimes he hosts like really big
political debates where he's able to
surprisingly pull on people that are
sometimes pretty big in terms of doing
these debates would you be interested in
joining me on one of these if I if I do
this in the future
or I can emo so this would be like you
and I versus him and someone else type
of thing not him and someone else but to
other people and PO okay potentially
like really big name people coming up
for the next one like I can show you
like you would be interested in these
people I don't know yeah yeah okay yeah
I'll talk I'm super interested okay I
mean what do I know what I've just
gotten myself into but why not okay
oh and did we want to talk about sam
harris or not yeah I mean listen I have
no I I have no idea what what your
position is on Sam Harris so I'll just
like lay it out in 30 seconds and then
you tell me whether it needs to be
expanded okay i think that sam harris is
work on mindfulness and meditation is
fantastic and that's pretty
uncontroversial and I sort of considered
him along the lines of Jon kabat-zinn
there and I think that that's just one
side of him which is how I originally
knew him which I find super interesting
and I think he's a great person to
listen to I think there are on political
conclusions that he comes to a pretty
broad range of sort of agreement and
disagreement that I can encounter I
think his framing of some issues related
to Islam I agree with I think he
sometimes
it's factual uncontroverted
incontrovertible truths about the
circumstances of world religion and I
think other times he either deliberately
or sort of by exclusion gets people
thinking some pretty pretty horrible
stuff and I also have a real problem
with the way that he handled the bell
curve dude with relative hid gloves I
thought that that was maybe the worst
thing that he had done did you I can if
I can think of it did you listen to his
conversation with him I pressed recline
about that I listened to part of it and
I remember Ezra making some pretty good
points and it was it was pretty pretty
compelling yeah Sam
oh man Harris was not heed the published
emails that he thought would put him in
a good light his yeah he was a horrible
nut conversation I have a lot of
problems with Sam Harris in that it's
actually similar to Jordan Peterson
where sometimes he just talks about
stuff that he just probably shouldn't be
talking about I don't know why he does
he gets into some like really weird
Islamophobic territory sometimes right
and like the distinction I always make
is like I hate Islam and I hate
Christianity but I don't [ __ ] on like
Muslims or Christians right like you
have to be able to draw a distinction
you're like you know we can all hate
religion together because you know we
have problems with theology but that
doesn't mean that all of the people are
bad or that all the people that follow
that religion are bad and and Sam gets
caught up into these weaved areas
sometimes we're like he's like he was
like one of the Four Horsemen atheists
and sometimes I get this feeling that
he's like defending judeo-christianity
and it's like really weird and yeah so
yeah I don't know I just I have a lot of
problems with with Harrises politics
seems like for the most part he's
typically left-leaning like progressive
but then sometimes he gets into these
weird like fence sitting areas where
he's like channeling like the Jedi
spirit of Dave Rubin and yeah I don't
know I just I really don't like his
politics sometimes well I mean to go
back to what you were saying before do
you feel that he is arguing in good
faith yeah I really think he tries to I
just think he gets a little bit lost on
some issues sometimes I like I think I
think the conversation him and Ezra
Klein is perfect where Klein is like
very reasonably laying out the case
we're like hey this is why what you're
doing is like really bad and kind of
dumb and Harris like totally can't see
it and yeah I highly recommend everybody
to watch that that conversation is
really good I think all right so it
sounds like we're not like crazy far
apart
on the issue of sam harris sure i also
hate his philosophy and everything
yesterday with philosophy is hilariously
stupid but that's another thing further
yeah i haven't really read his uh his
philosophy stuff but basically what he
says there's like bad stuff is bad cuz
it's obviously bad and good stuff is
good cuz it's obviously good that's oh
so this is like from the moral landscape
I guess yeah yeah I've only like Apes
thumbed through it a little bit okay
yeah you've got maybe so I'm not I don't
need to go back to it you're saying you
don't well listen let me know about this
2vs2 debate thing because it sounds it
sounds interesting like have you so when
you've been on it before who what was
like the lineup um it was supposed to be
Sargon of Akkad and do you know who
Stefan Molyneux is yes I do he actually
has attacked me a few times on my views
on race and IQ interesting yeah I that
he blocked me on Twitter I hate that guy
but he ended up bailing out of the
conversation I don't know if it was I'm
gonna say it's cuz I was involved
because that guy's decked out of me a
lot in the past but yeah he ended up
knocking out so it ended up being at the
last minute it was start gonna have a
cod and a guy named Nick Fuentes which
in retrospect that's probably not a good
idea but it was like an hour to go are
you familiar with that kid at all I've
actually heard about him and wasn't he
recently like caught doing something
incredibly stupid who are you thinking
of Jacob wall
no no I know Jacob all I know the
difference between the between the two
but I thought that Nick Fuentes or no
you know what that some video came out
recently if Nick Fuentes saying
something horribly racist it was like
somewhat like a friend's video or
something like that I don't even
remember now oh maybe I tweeted a ton of
[ __ ] like making fun of him for that
because he's one of those people that
tries to hide his like anti-semitism
behind like other words yeah yeah oh it
was an anti-semitic thing it was a video
where it was something related to Jews
yeah you know maybe you might've
actually saw my tweets maybe but um yeah
he does like a lot of stuff like that it
was him there there are a couple dog
whistles I don't know if you if people
are familiar these but here's a couple
dog whistles of the alright yeah one is
people talking about like cookie
factories I guess where people talking
about like hi you know like I've got a
friend and they said they baked like you
know six million cookies but if you look
at like their house and you try to
calculate how many ovens they have
there's no way they could bake that many
cookies and and the callback is like oh
you know obviously that many Jews could
have been killed in the Holocaust
because it's not possible there's that
one and then have you ever heard people
talking about the pit
all problem no oh sure so somebody will
make a video and innocuous video people
like Nick Fuentes or Brittany vent Eve
done this they make a video like hey
pitbulls
you know despite being only 10% of the
population commit 50 percent of the
attacks on other people now I'm not
saying pitbulls aren't dogs I do you see
where I'm going with this yes I do I
totally do yeah yeah yeah he engages in
like a ton of dog whistle e stuff like
that and then there was that video that
was leaked of him saying like oh you
know I don't think there's anything you
know or I if you're a white person and
you want to [ __ ] a black person you can
do that it's just degenerate like
bestiality is it was like the court I
think that he had but so that's the guy
you debated along with sargon of akkad
are gonna Mikado's on the other side and
who else was on your side on that um do
you know house on [ __ ] oh yeah yeah
yeah I know son yeah wait are you in New
York are you in oh wait you're in New
York aren't you I'm in Boston Oh Boston
okay oh you should have we should aside
share at PAX East when we were in Boston
but oh yeah yeah yeah yeah well listen
it sounds in extraordinarily
sophisticated what's going on in that
channel but I would love to participate
sure yeah the next one should not have
like I don't want to platform people on
that tier of like Nick Fuentes that was
like a last second thing so hopefully
like we aim for younger people we were
aiming for Blair Wyatt last time - but
then she bailed as well but yeah I don't
know yeah I'm just right-wing right no
of course not she's liberal what are you
talking about huh oh I thought that no I
are you kidding I know I'm sorry I'm
getting it she's like Milo where they
say their left-wing but they're
basically just like token figures that
people on the right use to should own
trans people or gay people oh okay okay
yeah that's what I thought that's uh
that's always exciting yeah okay good
well listen next time we'll do a
minute-by-minute analysis of Candis
Owens's new program which is endlessly
fascinating if you haven't seen it I
recommend that you check that out wait
on what not only fox news or something
is it I think it's like a Prager you
show or something that's another bad
faith actor that can just totally be
dumped from the internet and nothing of
value would be lajas supposedly I was
debating her March 18th and adds a story
for another day but in any case no
debate is currently scheduled I think is
the most important for top line top line
from that all right we've been speaking
with destiny a Steven Vanel now located
in lot in Los Angeles I don't know why I
kept sending you Central Time because
you're actually on Pacific time but I
used to I used to live in Nebraska
can we talk about MLA so okay now so
yeah that must be why all right man
really appreciate it I appreciate you
joining me and love love doing this okay
cool yeah I appreciate a song it's been
fun
[Music]
