all right what's up my dude hey it's
nice to talk to you thank you talk to
you too buddy all right what do you got
for me
okay so I'm an anthro major in undergrad
right now okay which isn't that much of
an accomplishment but I'm hoping the
major and get my degree in biological
anthropology but in my cultural
anthropology class what we talked about
was how you really shouldn't call
general female genital mutilation
mutilation you should just call it cut
it and I think you would a group you
would agree with this if you if you
follow what I'm gonna say okay hit me up
okay so basically why you shouldn't call
it mutilation is essentially because
what what do you have in mind
where mutilation is a good thing it's
not yeah so by calling it mutilation
right off the bat you're already telling
them that what they're doing is bad you
have a switch point right yeah right but
what you're supposed to look at from an
anthropological point of view is if
you're looking at another culture and
what they're doing with their culture
you can't assign any sort of you know
context that would be perceived
negatively to their culture so by color
talking it's something like historically
or anthropologically sure yeah that's my
that's my whole point that's why I said
you know being it usually when I refer
to FGM usually it's in the context
talking about male genital mutilation as
well circumcision right right in the I
think the United States know what what
country not the United States what
there's a euro country that just banned
circumcision I want to say Sweden but I
don't remember but I know that yeah
somebody president yeah so I don't know
I don't know why because that's another
question is that how come male genital
mutilation in this case is you know
allowed in the United States and female
genital mutilation isn't and I know
that's like a like a big red flag is
like wow
you know of course it's not you're
cutting off the clitoris of the vagina
that I call about the same thing I mean
I'll refer to I refer to circumcisions
mutilation as well yeah and I mean but
do you believe circumcision should be
banned as well yeah okay that's
generality well because I have beliefs
about respecting the autonomy of people
and when it comes to children making
permanent changes to them requires a
great justification so for instance I
think vaccinations are adequately
justified I mean we can go into I guess
women is justified or not that's a kind
of a side conversation but I don't
believe that mutilating somebody's
genitals is justified generally right
obviously if they're like exceedingly
rare circumstances where it's required
but okay I can get that I brought this
up in the in the in the subreddit mm-hmm
and everyone on the subreddit is very
[ __ ] well I think it's necessarily
that I mean if you're studying
anthropology I mean the onus is on you
to understand why they would respond
that way right right saying like it
would be like saying if there is a
culture in the past and their culture
involved maybe gang raping nine-year-old
boys but they called it like the like
the young boys ceremony I think that
conventionally speaking most people
would probably refer to it as like the
gang rape that they used to do boys in
the past right typically people in
current societies will describe their
current moral systems on to past
societies and judge them by their
current role system right pretty
understandable I mean it's not I guess
talking like a strictly historical sense
I mean you're correct it doesn't make
sense
strictly historically to prescribe our
morals on the past people it doesn't
really make much sense but I mean
convened our I get yeah
I guess what I guess I should call them
not [ __ ] but uninformed on
anthropology because everyone on the on
the subreddit was you know thinking that
I'm arguing for you know key population
and
that's obviously I'm not you know a big
proponent of you know cutting off the
clitoris or sealing up the vagina or you
know whatever uh-huh I'm just I'm just
I'm just I don't know I mean like words
are I mean like the thing is it like
it's very strange that you're confused
by this if you seem to understand the
cultures of the past you should
understand the culture of the present
right like obviously people are going to
act in this way because you if somebody
is if somebody steps into a thread and
they're going to great lengths to defend
the use or to ban the use of a certain
word then you have to start ascribing
motivations to that person and the most
obvious one is that this person doesn't
think that this sort of genital
mutilation is wrong that would be the
first thing I would think of now you can
argue well no in anthropological context
this makes more sense but most people
aren't having anthropological
conversations right right so I mean like
generally mutilation is something that
occurs today still in different
countries and I think that most people
and because we live in a pretty
globalized society right due to the
internet and whatnot I think that we we
tend to share our values across the
globe even if people don't necessarily
say we do this is for instance why we'll
look at some countries and say you know
what they do with their work culture in
Japan is wrong and it's like okay well
can you really say that as a westerner
looking at an Eastern country or we
might say that the way that Muslim women
are treated in certain countries is
wrong and it's like well not really
depending on you know the particular
flavor of Islam or whatever [ __ ] they're
following it's not really wrong but but
that's not how people have these
conversations in today's day and age and
the globalized society that we live and
we tend to we tend to project our moral
systems onto every other person and
every other person seems to project
their mostest want everybody else that
seems to be the way things go right
right sorry I just I guess I was feeling
attacked on the subreddit but what
you're saying makes sense and I think I
got a comment on the subreddit thread
that basically says what you're saying
sure it's like why would you bring this
up on the subreddit yes if there were
people that were engaging in an
anthropological conversation where they
were disagreement with the reason then
in that case I could understand like oh
yeah
like FGM is a morally loaded term it
doesn't really make sense to judge a
past Society by today's morals and it's
not really an accurate way of because
they wouldn't have seen it as that right
they're not seeing as mutilating you
know but but when we were talking today
in the present tense I mean that is how
we describe it right yeah man I had all
these notes had all these notes set up
like how you were gonna say know me it's
mutilation no matter what you way to
look at it I was going to talk about
like how it's a it's the emic and etic
perspectives do you know what emic and
etic are in anthropology nope Emma
kinetic emic is like what they think
it's like if you're right if you're
reading something and it's written from
you know first-hand perspective that's
the emic the etic is what the
anthropologist sees so with the emic
what they would think in the like what
their culture would think is I oh it's a
it's a you know rite of passage it's a
it's just normal you do this when you're
transferring you know you're you're
becoming a woman and the etic would be
this is like the controlling of the
female sexuality it's the denying them
of pleasure and so on and so forth so I
just think that's also important when
you're thinking of calling mutilation or
cutting because I think the UN they were
talking about this in the UN and trying
to like say oh you can't do this to
people but I think they came to a
conclusion that you have to call it
cutting and not mutilation in the
National sense I guess is that actually
true my professor brought it up I'm
looking it up right now
so this was supposedly I don't know when
you took this class trying to find the
date this article was posted but right
now there is on the United Nations
website
I see the International Day of zero
tolerance for female genital mutilation
okay I'm at that too and they're very
clearly using fjm or FGM to describe
this
so FGM is still used I see it on the
w-h-o site as well that was an article
posted this year about nine months ago
interesting so I guess what my professor
was telling me was wrong well not only
does it sound wrong it also like sounds
like actually robbers like it would be
incorrect for the UN to do this because
the UN today should not be respecting
other cultures in this sense it should
be prescribing some sort of moral values
to other cultures that that's the entire
point of the UN well I shouldn't say
that that's way too broad I shouldn't
say but that's one of the purposes of
the UN is to bring other sites morally
in line with or other countries or
states I guess more lay in line with
other states right yeah so like for
instance like if there was some place
that had a practice called had a
practice called you know holy servitude
or something and it was where like all
black people had a duty in society to be
slaves to you know white people I don't
think the UN would say well we shouldn't
call that slavery we should respect
their terminology and called it wholly
servitude they would probably just call
it so it was slavery and said that we
need to end it right or if there was a
practice related to sex trafficking they
would just call it sex trafficking they
wouldn't use whatever nice phrase right
right
yeah I'm not seeing anything here about
the cutting or the mutilation thing sure
but wait in order to break but to bring
these people to like the table doesn't
even talk about saying like in the UN
sense to try and sayin hey stop doing
this you know what why how should they
go about it
holy [ __ ] I have no [ __ ] idea that's
like a intersectional that's like a 50
million different answers there is no
just one way to do it
I mean people from outside organizations
can come in and do like teaching and
education for women that are going to
have children to get them to not do it
to their daughters access to the
economic change
so things that give people access to
media from across the world where they
see that that's not normalized and
they're exposed to that sorts of media
you can get a lot of secularization
there that discourages that stuff people
outside groups coming in and protesting
it directly documentaries or stories
that highlight women that have endured
these kinds of practices and then the
side effects that happened there in
medical training that's sponsored by
outside organizations that comes in and
gets people to stop performing so I mean
there's probably like 50 trillion
different ways you can combat a problem
like this yeah yeah I get that but do
you think calling it cutting instead of
mutilation would make a difference I
don't have data to answer that I don't
not sure I just don't know I'm not
trying to be difficult just I really
don't know I like I understand the point
that you're trying to make is that if
you're more generous with somebody's
point of view you can get them on your
side more but I'm not sure I just don't
know the answer to that it feels like
that the answer one way or another but
my worry would be that calling it
cutting as opposed to FGM would do more
harm than good because anybody that
hears of the practice is going to think
not as poorly of it like you said right
like um where because language could be
prescriptive right
if somebody says FGM immediately you
have a bad thing in your head even if
you don't know about the practice and I
think globally most of us agree that it
is a bad practice so we would want to
call it something that conveys without
immediately whereas there might be a
bunch of people that think of cutting
and it's like oh it's just cutting and
then you have to tell like well wait
that's actually bad I'm like oh I didn't
know it was bad like you know so that
might do more harm than good for
worldwide awareness about it okay
I think we're moving away from
anthropology but yeah I believe yeah
yeah that's the kind of the whole point
was that these aren't anthropological
discussions these are like current-day
philosophical and political discussions
right well I would think that would you
not say that's part of their culture I
mean when it where is female genital
mutilation done outside of you know put
the cultural realm it's not done like as
a recreational type thing or it's not
done you know right when the baby's born
yeah sure so we can back up we can back
up and ask a different question because
we're kind of circling around a more
fundamental question it's just one
culture have the right to tell another
culture that their practices are bad
that's the real question that's being
asked here right right and it sounds
like you're feeling like the answer to
that is no right gotcha I'm because I
think if if you say if you're like
basically calling it mutilation from
your kind of like art yeah again you're
resigning sort of you know what you're
doing is bad and therefore you are bad
like that's a bad thing why are you
doing that mm-hmm right and so my whole
thing is like that's a kind of a
slippery slope when you call what people
do like when you think that yes I
understand what you're saying but the
thing is that like we just live in a
different world today where our society
is so globalized that it would be hard
to tolerate certain types of ideas from
different cultures because we're all
kind of intermingling know like
everybody exists on the world stage
everybody shares entertainment
everybody's connected to each other on
the Internet if there are certain groups
of people that are part of this
globalized society that have these kind
of like horrible practices you would
probably be compelled to condemn it and
call it out and this is ignoring that
the normal moral obligations that a lot
of people feel they have like a lot of
people feel like just you know they just
by virtue of existence that they have
moral obligations to not stand for this
type of treatment a lot of people would
say I don't
slavery or sexual trafficking in other
countries just because it's another
culture like I think that's just a wrong
that should be corrected anywhere so but
we're not even getting into that I think
you can argue from a self-interested
perspective hey you know we live in a
globalized society today all of our
cultures are intermingling I don't want
these toxic aspect of other cultures to
be accepted anywhere because I don't
them to be accepted here at some point
right
okay yeah but what I was I'm just having
trouble with cuz like what did we draw
the line where do we draw the line and
saying Oh something because there's a
culture in the middle in the middle of
Brazil the yanomamö tribe and the
yanomamö tribe you know they think that
everyone else is subhuman other than
them and what like where would you say
like the line is the power of who is the
power to enforce the culture right now
that's the Western world the United
States and its allies okay is who
enforces the culture is whoever is the
most powerful person that's just a fact
of life I can't argue whether or not
it's right or wrong but I mean that's
just how it goes right that was the
whole point of the that was the one of
the events following the world war two
was the fight for a global influence
between the east in the between Russia
and communism I guess in the United
States and her allies and we seem to
have come out on top of that so now the
prerogative is ours to enforce our
culture around the world okay yeah I see
that now
all right well I just wanted to talk to
you about some anthropology memes sure
all right
well hey thanks for the conversation
buddy I appreciate it yeah no problem
all right peace out
[Music]
you
[Music]
