where it go hello everybody and welcome
to of x10 men I am Kaiba and I will be
your Dungeon Master for today let's
introduce our players and characters
starting in the upper left hand corner
we have the ever talented ever young and
ever the zerg player Steven who are you
and who you plans that buddy I'm playing
a guy named abathur who's king of the
Zerg the real man behind the scenes I'm
playing nevets what do you mean Who am I
playing today why we do - are we doing
like a refresh and her characters are
yeah some people might be tuned in for
the first time it's been five or six
episodes right kind of a new starting
point
some people can jump in well I'm never
I'm the investigatory arm of the OVA
anyway the vocational occupations of
[ __ ] various operations agencies
that's what that's what I do
I'm the guy that figures out the puzzles
analyzes the situations and then
suggests to our brave leader DAF courses
of action depending on how big a brain
is required for said core action and
then uh yeah nevus is like generally
pretty timid gets really triggered if
people lies to him it has a criminal
background so we [ __ ] with him you
double-cross him he will [ __ ] you up in
order to make sure that we accomplish
what we need to do there you go
and we've seen that that happened couple
sessions ago in the lower right hand
corner of the screen we have the leader
of the party the owner of OA the man
behind the plan - yes - is a half-elf
bard and he bravely and sometimes
drunkenly runs Bowa various operations
agency he he is the leader and he he is
the decisive unit very decisive of
various operations agency yeah in the
lower left corner we have the woman who
knows everything she's seen it all she's
been around for ages
she's a noble who has renounced her name
in order to work with the little people
and get some [ __ ] done she has power she
has the ability to transform into
monsters we have Toki
yo in the middle of the screen the large
man from the mountains he's strong as an
ox and about as smart as an ox - we've
got mr. Mouton playing around here who's
named Lenny don't [ __ ] talk ox is right
he probably forgets his name - hi I'm
mr. moving and playing Lenny and Lenny
is going to want a living wage this
episode so we're last we left our party
you guys work in whaler's bay you had
retrieved the crown brought it back
Taiwan even used some rewards there was
a quick sidestep to go talk to this
wizard about this weird magic thing that
you had found and you guys have gone
back to your inner rooms before we pick
up that storyline though we need to talk
to Daffy because in our last session
Daffy was get food poisoning
he got seasick he was to use an
out-of-date phrase at chasing skirts
around and in other towns baffled tell
us about what happened to you because we
didn't get to see more adventures last
week and real quick
um wait wait what episode is this eight
nine nine okay okay god yeah
I don't remember a thing I was drunk the
whole time
absolutely blackout drunk drunker than
I've ever been in my entire life drunk
as a skunk Wow mm-hmm do you remember
casting some spells on the party um you
know I feel like it's a spellcaster
you kind of sense when you know you wake
up in the morning and you sense how many
spells you have left right so so deaf he
knows he knows that he can stand some
spells but he does not remember why or
on him so you don't remember running
around chasing after metal boxes and it
just in town you know dad had a good
time this vacation okay all right well
you are now hung over in the tower as
the party comes back you're in whaler's
bay you can hear the familiar sound of
the Bell
to each different shape and Bell has its
own resonance frequency so the bell of
whaler's bay rings out to you you know
it and he recognized it you've got this
foggy memory of being on a boat for a
couple of weeks but you don't really
piece it together and the rest of the
party is here and you all head on
downstairs to get some breakfast in the
morning and that is when you see a
familiar red haired woman with freckles
across her cheeks step in make eye
contact with nevets and a head in his
direction with a limp it's been a couple
weeks I think the limp is gone by now or
she's hiding it really well wait she's
just approaching us on her own yeah on
her own
and where are we at right now are we in
a Turner we just step off the boat or
tavern okay in a tavern yeah you just
crashed for the night she approaches and
puts a small bag on the table and slides
it towards you here's the five that I
owe you plus the one for interest and
one because I think we could help each
other out in the future and I want to
make sure we're on good terms so why
does that seven altogether mm-hmm okay
I'll flip the one coin back at her and
I'll tell her to keep it in good health
but I'm interested oh wait hold on hold
on sorry okay I flipped the coin back at
her
we appreciate the repayment and if
there's anything we can help you with in
the future you can always find us and
ask us for help of course that would be
I think a mutually beneficial situation
maybe use it for your leg and Lenny
laughs no he's funny I like him did your
plans work out
yet I like shrug she shrugs as well well
good day then see you around and she
will leave the tavern and that leaves
the party here in the tavern haven't
been repaid last we left you you had
given a magic item to a wizard for
identification
that was yesterday he should have it
sorted out by today and at the moment
you have no jobs you are think
unemployed is the right word but you
have no clients I'm happily employed by
the VOA so Toki what happened the past
few days what happened
you were you were throwing up like every
other second but few words
that's sick that's not he lists so your
spell slots are held on but well you
know I'm glad I I'm glad I prioritized
the safety of my party do you were
talking to this one woman that night I
don't remember her name exactly you were
a dinner with her was she hot oh no no
no she wasn't hot no you think you could
get hot woman haha yeah Leni I could uh
I could probably my mom is dead mine too
let's move on you be my modest okie do
you like me do you like well everybody's
laughing and joking I'm just remind you
guys it's entirely possible that we are
on the bad side of quite a few people in
this town now you should be incredibly
cautious when you accept jobs you're
accepting any gifts are offers from
strangers we all need to talk
about it a great deal and we need to
make sure that we're not set up for
anything while we accept these
propositions never what did you do you
know I don't want to met a game that
doesn't know what happened yeah I did
read I read the summary sure so the lady
that we just interacted with we kind of
stole the crown back from her that she'd
stolen from the Baroness and returned it
so I imagine she's probably not too
happy with us right now
she would have made a small fortune if
she'd actually managed to steal that
crown so was be careful can't we why
isn't she arrested can't we don't work
for the police
we work for coin police are gonna offer
us money for a thief and we're not gonna
turn a thief in why would we turn why
don't why wouldn't we turn her in if if
you're scared of her coming after us
I think I'm scared of her but it could
be people she's affiliated with exactly
we use it on speeches if anything we
draw the ire even more people if we'd
start turning in criminals I don't want
that type of reputation I guess these
pipe people might be potential clients
in the future right hey maybe we should
go to the Baroness and see if that
Wizard has identified that magical
object yet what was his name what about
what what was his name lizard lizard
wizard lizard king gizzard the lizard
wizard Jacob yeah Jacob that was it I
gotta start with a Jay Jay good luck
John lizard No
okay let's go Jacob whoo let's get long
you guys can head back to the keep the
you tell the guards what your purpose is
there they will hold you for a little
while until the wizard comes out and
personally escort you into his
laboratory there's something a little
different about his laboratory this time
instead of just being an empty room with
the wizard and his notes and his books
and his tools you see two guards in here
now in heavy armor with swords and
shields they're just sitting down at a
table playing cards and they give you a
look as you walk in you see the back of
the room has had an area completely
cleared from it and they're sitting on
the ground is this like little tiny
archway the the magic item that you had
found from that wizard that make it old
man wizard Corbin and brought back with
you the guards see you guys coming in
and go back to playing the card game and
Jacob once your whole in against the
talk saying this this thing you have
brought me is an unstable
interdimensional portal what does an
interdimensional mean like what do you
what does what do you even mean by that
see the world that we live in is the
prime material plane or prime material
plane it is our day-to-day existence I
don't know how much lore of the the
world you know but it is made from
segments of the four elemental planes
the earth the fire the air and the water
and on these planes our world leaves an
impression like a footprint in the sand
the footprint is not the whole of the
person walking but it is the afterimage
of it this deme realm this demi plain is
known as the plane of shadow it is a
accurate reflection of the real world
with none of the detail or
aspects there are no light no darkness
it's sort of a a demi shadow world and
this portal goes there however it is too
small to be used that can only be used
when enlarged and then it will only stay
enlarged for a short period of time
which means you cannot freely walk in
and walk out unless you have a skilled
wizard who has the right spells to open
and hold the portal open what happens if
we enter the portal and it closes then
you are on the other side with no way
back can we exist normally on the other
side is it healthy to do so I have never
been before there are tales of people
going and returning so in theory you can
survive there I don't think there's any
special equipment but on the other side
there might be nothing and you might be
trapped there forever and Weavin which
plane is it that we're moving to let me
move through this portal Jamie plane of
shadow the plane of shadow what what uh
what lives there what exists
I don't really know this is all beyond
my knowledge it's well out of my
wheelhouse what worries me also is what
could live there if we open this what
might come through instead of us going
through it is okay yeah sounds kind of
funky let's do it
well maybe not maybe this might not be a
good thing how do you activate this to
work how can you what turn into shadow
beasts if you see them yeah if they are
within the range that you can transform
into I don't see we're not go go go this
this is not I would not advise to anyone
to go through yet I need some more time
to understand it maybe find a way to
hold it open so that those that go
through could come back as well well we
want our journey into the Shadow Realm
to be as smooth as possible so we want
to give you time to work and resources
to work if you need it I don't think we
have any reason to go to Shadow Realm
you guys love money and there is no
money there for us he's right oh yeah
potential well in the past we have
almost failed missions due to our lack
of experience this could provide us
quite a bit of that I could turn into a
shadow creature and there could
potentially be money depending on them
how rare the beasts are there and how
much someone would buy shadow beasts to
you know investigate this I think it's a
good idea when I are in the shadow plane
are you able to interact with things in
the real world I don't know is there
anybody that might know more information
about said plane of existence there is
there is the the Queen's court wizard is
a knowledgeable man I
have already started drafting a letter
to him to reach out for more information
on the subjects okay what's this Jacob
do my research sure please just as a
just as a random question how much coin
do you think an object like this would
fetch were we to sell it its unique item
there is no market value it's let me say
anyone that you that might want to buy
this from you it's probably someone you
should not trust and then what kinda
whatever you can negotiate it I don't
know of any stable or unstable portals
to the Shadow Realm other than this one
although a few must certainly exists
somewhere what kind of um oh god I just
wanna caution airman no I think it's
okay for us to hold on to it Oh what
kind of spells are needed to like open
the the device like do we need a wizard
to cast a certain type of spell or yes
there is a a spell that is needed to be
cast to make the portal large enough for
use and you would need a powerful enough
wizard to do that and then there's
another spell to be cast to open it and
then once you're on the other side if it
works the same way as it does on this
side which there's no guarantee that it
does the repeated process would be needs
to be needed to open it again from the
other side once it shrinks down are you
a powerful enough wizard to do such a
thing
he looks at the party and especially at
Lenny Lenny how tall are you 6 7 you are
pretty big 6 6 probably not what I think
what does I think I could make it large
enough for the small one she points that
he points that Daffy Toki the small one
to crawl through maybe I don't know if
the rest of you could fit what would it
help if I turn into smaller animals
certainly yes I don't know I could make
it large enough for the rest of you to
go through I wouldn't want to go through
anyway seems I forget that yeah never -
might be able to fit as well I'm
definitely not going into this place
without Laura without Laura please
please give me time to research this
before we do anything rash you might go
through and never come back
I have a question canonically who's
taller another cookie just listed on our
shades it's in the bio area I am two
foot six three five yeah your massive oh
my god we have so much to explore here
half the size of a 5 foot tall person we
have so much to still explore in this
plane I don't think we need to go in any
others wait is this wait what is the
average hyper halfling is this way too
small that's totally on point
you're on point don't worry about it
yeah well I will of course hold on to
this in the meantime it's a dangerous
thing to be letting about and I brought
as you can see two guards here to keep
an eye on the portal in case anything
does try to come through
oh man will actually just come back for
updates telling us right yes of course I
believe I have your your address in
curse wick so if I can't find you
deliver to your door
thank you lizard I shall do so Master
Dwarf thank you very much all right
he will escort you out a building out
through the castle grounds beyond the
walls of the keep and into the town so
maybe this is maybe we can find someone
willing to risk their lives to test out
this portal for us I mean we could just
find an animal and send it in and bring
it back or something like that
I don't know where I could find a child
this animals are living creatures not
men for experimentation it's probably
not two experiments on animals we're
certainly not to experiment on children
so would you rather experiment on a
child or an animal Oh
volunteer myself we'll try a lot of
things what if we turn Lenny like
smaller no I don't want to go to shadow
I'm afraid of the dark
it's appealing I know you're like with a
camel and everything yes
we should really get him a nightlight
maybe we can use one of those lanterns
maybe maybe we can make it set up soft
glow the candle can be really harsh
sometimes death go find us job yes sir
okay we have to go find a job I don't
know where to start how do I can I just
can I just say that I go looking for
jobs but I don't that's totally fine
did you have any areas that you might
want to start looking in are you just
gonna do whatever like I don't know if
you are particularly good I'm a little
interested in the criminal but maybe we
should lay low for a while some of those
illicit jobs um I I wanna I want to look
for anything that pays very highly I
like things that surround I'm really
like big profile cases to get our name
out there and to get lots of gold
oh we will we are we so whaler's bay
yeah
your bail is bad you did leave but you
you came back you're just you were too
drunk to remember the trip and then we
were we were on our way to the circus
you never made it oh it's too late it
might still be there wait how much did
we get the gold emissions there oh we
added to the party shape for our yeah
yes oh also let's make sure that you
guys did subtract your 12 K for monthly
fees I think wait what's the date today
today is only the 21st I want to make
sure we did it for February we movie so
I think we are yeah make sure that we
don't sell point it did
under something so yeah you guys did pay
good we have 400 gold in the party sheet
right now you won your last ring oh all
of us
well foreigner goal is what we got paid
Oh should I put it in our in our
Treasury if you have it on your thing
then yeah I mean I think you should
probably keep the Treasury on the party
sheet so everybody can know oh you have
yeah
wait we have 400 goals we got a lot of
gold for that last mission 45 gold maybe
we should buy some celebratory armor
some celebratory wine wait where can I
put the so you're walking around looking
for maybe some illegal work so maybe not
less walking around and more spending
time in you know creepy shady dark lit
rooms with drinking liquor and listening
to the happenings going on much better
so Daffy you're hanging out in one of
these taverns by yourself looking for
some work to do
when you see that same red-haired woman
walk back into this building and ghost
takes a seat next to a woman and a man
maybe they look like a husband and wife
or something and they sit down at this
like small table off on the side near
window frequently looking out and
chatting amongst themselves for a little
bit when you get the sense that there's
something going on because the man sort
of like kicks a bag over under the table
and the redheaded woman pushes a like a
bag of coins across on the top of the
table it's clearly some sort of exchange
going down and once it happens they sort
of kick back and take a more relaxed
tone with their body language and the
drinks yeah they're chatting can I ask
can I ask Steven to listen hurt nevets
to listen for a thieves can't yeah and I
should be able to read lips at a
distance so perfect
yeah can I ask you a question about this
real quick actually most spells have a
somatic component to them yeah yeah is a
somatic component with two people
casting the same spell say the same
thing every time - in order for the
spell to be cast say er somatic is
physical movement are you talking verbal
component wait what is the [ __ ] I'm
sorry verbal component okay so yeah
thing the it'll be the same
pronunciation of the same syllables but
it's also like a very different
gibberish language mm-hmm you know so
you if you're not well-versed in it you
might not be able to tell what spells
being cast gotcha okay theoretically
though if I knew the if I like observed
long enough or learned like certain like
verbal components to spells at a
distance I could tell a spell somebody
was casting without necessarily seeing
the effects of the spell if I understood
they were saying right if you you
probably need to check they're all their
components the verbal the somatic and
the material because all three sections
cover the the domain of a spell so two
spells might have very similar if not
identical verbal components but the
different somatic or material components
might change the nature of the spell
gotcha okay just carry something okay
yeah okay I'll be watching the red lady
and seeing what she's talking about you
um they are talking about Solek which is
a town pretty far away you almost went
to so look not entirely and to the south
of it is an area known as the frost
lands and they are casually talking
about winter gear and the sort of stuff
that one might need to travel in the
frost lands you can see them you can see
the words being mouths for like a heavy
cloak and boots that can tread on top of
snow that sorts of things just seems
like they're talking about some sort of
snow bound mission hmm interesting
venturing to the snow
yeah it looked like it looked like the
people were paying the red lady right
mm-hmm
no she was paying them and they were
giving her something in exchange
well this conversation continues for a
while we don't pick up any more
information about the talking about just
like exchange of things for no
eventually as the red haired lady gets
up to go you'll catch her saying
something to the effect of don't worry
I'll have it all sorted out we'll be
back in three weeks with the orb and
we'll be good but she's like definitely
whispering it to these people and she
gets up and heads out of the room
should we trail her yeah I'll follow her
I'll sneak out a feller I guess you
should we just look further missions why
you do that
sure okay okay all right now it's you
follow her through the city streets
heading into the the slums near that
same building where you guys ambushed
her and everything and she'll head up
through a different staircase and a
different build wait I don't want to go
all the way in [ __ ] that can I like kind
of like as she's entering the area she
like approaches the door to enter in can
I say something to her from behind sure
what business do you think you have in
the frost glands give me a stealth check
to see if she would have wanted you
following her nope she did not she
whirls on her heel sees you and then
after a moment of like a furrowed brow
and concern relaxes visibly and walks a
little bit closer towards you slowly
pans visible as frost lands who told you
anything about that
I hear thanks through the grapevine
well I have worked there there's a
certain something that father of mine
wants and just willing to pay quite a
lot for it
have you already sold this mission off
to a couple of people to acquire this
item I thought I would go myself this
time hmm do you think you need an
accompaniment we're looking for our work
that sounds like something to be right
up our alley well it depends on if I can
trust you or not she says getting a
little bit closer and lowering her voice
you see this would be a we call it a
grab ins a smash and grab sort of
mission pick up something that someone
does not want taken from them and bring
it back to someone who'll pay as well
for it well what are we smash in and who
are we grabbing from I don't know yet
actually they have well camouflaged
himself from scrying so it's hard to see
the details but there's there's a thing
near cinder Springs near a trail and
before I really say anything else though
I don't know how no offense but how
trustworthy you are huh well I mean we
could have turned you into the police if
we wanted to hopefully you know there
are no hard feelings over our last job
but a job is a job and we got paid to
acquire that crown and I mean I guess
it's up to you to figure out if you'd
like to work with us again and if you're
interested you can find us down at the
tavern but otherwise I'm dealing with
some magic things here and I needed to
make sure that you wouldn't run off with
any magical things we might find I mean
I would assume that somebody that's been
in this business for as long as you have
is gonna pay enough so that we wouldn't
want to run off with any objects and if
you have more work for us I'm more
interested in that and running off with
a silly sword or dagger
[Music]
I'll talk to my father and I'll find you
at the tavern if he's interested okay
we'll be there you have a before you go
you have anything at your disposal you
have any spellcasters fighters but what
do you got what tools do you have I mean
we can get whatever we need unless
you're trying to supply us with
something you think would help
we're gonna need probably a spellcaster
or two okay spellcasters do we need
someone that maybe some help with
disguising our trails and tracks through
the snow will probably need someone who
can get us who can slink through areas
undetected which I'm pretty good at but
you did follow me here let's see I don't
know what the lay of the land is the we
might be underground or we might be in
buildings so we'll need someone who
who's got some good direction sense
while traveling so we don't get turned
around or someone who can keep us on
track through a maze or someone who's
will definitely need some lock pickers
we might need someone to hold the door
for us while we finish up some things
and sneak out a window I don't know it's
a it's gonna be a tough one so mainly
you want a caster who could help us with
infiltration ideally undetected yeah
primarily mm-hmm jewelers would be nice
too I know they're hard to come by in
this line of work
okay well we'll see what we can scrounge
up for you Ben she gives you a smile
Pat's you on the elbow I know you're way
shorter than she is she Pat's you on the
top of your head and heads out cool
sounds good
kawaii boo I think I need to roll for my
hat I think I made this way too low two
foot sixes that's very I think this is
like below what's even I think it's even
below what's like I think it's below
what's possible halfling height I think
it's supposed to be it's supposed to be
like it's supposed to be 2d six plus I
think 2d or no it's must be two-foot 6
plus 2d four I think
Stephen why does it man well like the
only reason I'm thinking of it yep what
what happily if you want to be taller
you can be but the halflings in in
arcadia we're a little bit shorter than
the fifth edition halfway through the
second edition halflings okay give you a
size cuz I'm I'm gonna be this small I'm
gonna need some advantage on unrolls or
something cuz this is we're getting
we're getting it's a pretty hard to hit
area here or it also makes my
interactions in real aware like if I'm
literally coming up to somebody's what
is how tall is two foot six dozen I'm
coming up somebody like knees like a
human's knees so you would come up to
the hip of a five foot person a six foot
person you would come up to their I
don't know to two-thirds up their thigh
probably okay hey thank you yeah okay oh
cool is that what your existence is like
Lily okay Lily
alright maybe you wanna talk about
retconning okay go
what's okay we're leaving I want to
leave Lily is five one or five foot
you're an American woman Lily nice try
okay I put a sizing chart for you in
discord I don't need that I don't need
to be oppressed by these standards quite
boo I just wanna make sure that my
interactions with people like made sense
but alright okay okay alright so
meanwhile Daffy is on the other side
looking for some work
are you still looking for your legal
sketchy work are you looking also for
some straight jobs
I'm looking for some straight jobs all
right yeah so your so while she's doing
that can I look for some easy comfy jobs
you know like Pat down from a tree or
okay
I don't want to die anytime soon all
right um toki da would you both please
roll me wisdom jacks straight wisdom
check no modifiers 14 for Lily I have is
your own wisdom
so Toki you definitely find some easy
comfy jobs literally cat stuck in a tree
is the first thing you come across
there's a little girl looking up there's
a cat in a tree its way up there maybe
40 or 50 feet on the highest branch and
it's looking down and the girl is at the
bottom of the tree shadow cat people are
passing by maybe glancing and stopping
for a moment and then eventually just
like I got better [ __ ] to do
gotta go get some potatoes and moving on
yeah how much money paid for this little
girl hahaha I would do it for free Cory
about I'm just I got you there dude I
haven't lost my touch 15 40 50 feet okay
can I turn into a bear and then start
climbing up the tree sure turn into a
bear in the middle of town and start
scrambling up the tree right oh yeah the
cat begins to hiss at you
it's wipes in the air at you and then
some shouts of nearby town spoke and
they go look a bear a bear in town and
some people gather around to watch the
bear sure - sorry to interrupt I just
wanted to say that I I have started my
long rest oh you got a longer soul in
the boat you're all at full everything
okay no no you're you're good you're
full everything okay I should be like up
to the eat this freaking cat like he
should be jumping at this point gotten
to the top of the tree to the point that
it's beginning to lean over from your
weight and now maybe the top isn't 40
feet off the ground maybe it's like 30
feet off the ground as it leans heavily
the cat backpedals to the furthest
possible branch like a branch that could
never hold your weight as you get like
to the top of the tree it's there you
know but not like I sure yeah yeah give
me an intimidation check as a bear
I am super intimidating yeah that'll be
a you're kind of a cute bear you know
you got like short legs like it's really
great coloring the cat's not super
excited about you being up here okay
branch so the branch snaps off can he
snap the branch oh yeah easily you step
forward and the branch breaks under your
weight you and the cat fall the cat
twists in the air fans out lands
carefully and bolt through the city
streets followed by the little girl you
hit the ground like a sack of potatoes
yeah you turn right back into a dwarf as
a group of people come up to you with
clubs and then they stop as the bear
turns into a dwarf thank you thank you
for coins that was a performance
I want memories there's some scattered
applause from all over the place
give me a performance check for how well
you could pull off me thank you thank
you here's my bag three all right you're
gonna get 3d six copper you get a three
copper the minimum amount of money you
can get you're welcome
she doesn't respond she just keeps
chasing the cat through that's the town
I am very discontent I'm gonna go back
I'm gonna look for crime [ __ ] with that
now okay Daffy you're hanging out at
another tavern looking for work when you
overhear a man talking to his friend and
he's saying oh you know I think she's
singing someone else
I just I gotta find proof can you can
you follow her tonight and the friends
like buddy I'm not gonna follow your
wife I'm not stalking her what the hell
is wrong with you and the first guys
like but she see I think she's seeing
him tonight and I got a dog shift I
can't I can't fall around I got a no I
just got a no I want to mm-hmm yeah they
stopped their conversation as you
approached and I'm gonna I'm gonna smile
at them my disarming dad smile mm-hmm he
should you looking for someone to follow
your wife I could do it for the right
price yeah yeah
the other guys like dude can't you see
how creepy this is and the first guys
like hold on hold on what do you what
are you talking well you think that your
wife is cheating on you and I'll uh I'll
find out for you I'll uh I'll even get
the guy to you if there is one for only
a small price of ten gold pieces 10 gold
just to follow her hey I'd follow her
and I'd turn the guy over to her over to
you if there is one second guys like
Johnny that's a lot of money come on man
just get over it you're just being
paranoid
and apparently johnny is like can we
what about five goals were following her
I mean guess you don't really care that
much about life no you're right I do I
do she it's I got a no I got a no it's
driving me crazy
I'll find the money I swear just you
find her let me know what's up and
and I'll find a way to get you the cash
I think I've got some stuff I can sell
I've got an old an old ring of my
mother's her her wedding ring I can pawn
that I want to put my hand out to him
and shake shake his hand and say you got
yourself a deal
all right he shakes your hand wait wait
wait I want to say oh how nice is this
wedding ring it's a silver band with a
couple of small garnets in it is that is
that good boy booth is that cool it
sounds like it's probably like a silver
ring a plain silver ring is probably
worth like three or four silver and so
then you add some garnets in it small
garnets each one is probably worth maybe
a gold or two so two four six that's
probably about six gold right there plus
a little for artistic value and then
some other cash that he's got nearby you
could easily make up ten okay I was just
thinking maybe I wanted the ring but
yeah it's fine
so my wife okay so her name is Emily I
can show you
Alton I shouldn't show you I don't want
her to see I'll tell you where our house
is
and she's got a short black hair that
comes to to right about here kind of
like a flat cut around the backside and
I think she was wearing green today okay
what color her eyes I should know that's
brown brown eyes
uh how about dollars she approximately
so eighty five three five four
she pale well-tanned
she usually works down on the in the
docks as well she a human she's a human
yeah she pretty I think so
oh look and say is she pretty yeah don't
talk [ __ ] you haven't even seen her yet
hey I'm just just wondering I mean
everyone has to say their wife was
pretty but we're asking as a trailing
mission here I kind of got to know
exactly what she looks like right
I mean her ears are kind of big but
she's got a good face okay okay big ears
got it all the big ears just you know a
little bit bigger than average okay all
right Emily black hair brown eyes well
tain't any other defining features
personality wise are physically let's
see
no oh she's got a tattoo on the right
cheek it's a little anchor and a neck
and anchor Internet all right and why do
you suspect you're cheating she comes
back late at night doesn't say where
she's been and besides you know you do
you must know you're clearly a
well-traveled man when when you're close
with someone you can tell when there's
something off there's some sort of like
unspoken thing and you can just you can
sense the weight of it in the room you
know what I mean of course I know you
feel there's something off round about
her yeah you're onto something good
thank you
the other guys like come on man you're
gonna sell your mother's wedding ring
for this shut up
you were willing to pay five gold
upfront though correct mm-hmm
I'll take that now if you
yeah I gotta go to the house oh I'll be
back any waiting bolt off to the house
to go get some gold while his buddy dude
looks at you it was like shakes his head
and sips his beer and ten minutes later
he comes back and he counts out for you
two gold pieces and then 300 silver
pieces thank you very much
wait is 10 silver is one glory 30 silver
magnitude yeah okay okay I'm gonna go
wait wait where did where is she right
now do you know she's at the docks
she's at home I just saw her there she's
asking why I was taking her money it was
bad
okay all right well I'm oh he gives you
directions to his house okay all right
I'm gonna enchilada and stuff all right
actually we're scamming this guy this is
my cab dude I think it's [ __ ] up but
Daffy doesn't [ __ ] okay okay are you
gonna get the the rest of the party
before you go or are you gonna do this
solo style wait what is I mean I guess I
guess I'll like look for them but it's
not a big priority
I guess I'll look for Toki I don't think
we really need Lani on this mission I
think nevets is big yeah Toki and
Lenny I think are hanging out together
at the the other tavern wall nevets was
running off to do one thing and you were
running off to do another thing and so
you can go back and find Toki and Lenny
together okay wait do I find them right
now yeah you find another well talking I
found a job okay does it is occurring
things do we need to kidnap someone and
what is it what is it what what's the
job Toki you're gonna be thrilled to
bits
I am a guy suspects his wife of cheating
on him and she probably isn't and we got
10 gold for it
ten gold Toki what's the general what
are we doing well you you don't I guess
you don't really have to do anything
it's mostly my job but let's get kids
let's get moving Oh
let's go Lenny alright so the two of the
three of you set off to find this
woman's house nevets meanwhile is
involved in some sketchy deals involving
espionage theft smashing and grabbing
long treks over frozen wastelands and
why don't we take our first break here
when we come back we will meet up and
somehow navigate these two separate
quests guys on the other side of a break
alright we'll be back hello everybody
and welcome back to us and Men alright
the party is currently split the three
of you are off on an important stealth
mission to figure out if Johnny's wife
is cheating on him or not Nivens
meanwhile comes back to the bar finds
the party's missing
they're probably out and about doing
something they'll be back eventually
so inhibits gets to sit and chill for a
little while while the rest of the party
goes off on their own secret stealth
mission you make your way through the
town to the woman's house find it fairly
easily and you can see through one of
the open windows that she's in the house
right now currently it looks like she's
stitching up a fishing net right was
this to me or not several yeah okay yeah
oh yeah totally match description like
five for short hair cheek tattoo brown
eyes too badly so I was just here to
like see if she's cheating we're sitting
far away right like she she would never
guess that we were following her right
now right yeah you she's inside you guys
are probably across the street hanging
out and every now and then throwing look
away we're just seeing if she's going to
eat
basically we're seeing her route we're
watching where she does
where's kiza Oh find out if she's
cheating she wasn't before but after she
meets - she will be yeah I'll take that
ten gold and they're in the life gym you
know to use the ring to marry the wife
the guy over all right as the Sun begins
to go down she packs up her things kind
of hurriedly changes her outfit and
heads out towards the oh we is it isn't
a nice outfit like is it uh is it uh
it's a going out in the evening outfit
all right let's follow her let's follow
her but as a seasoned veteran of these
missions
I have trailed many most of my missions
are cheating missions I've followed
people home I know how to how to do it
successfully I know how to trail people
without leaving a trace yeah let me
check her house to see for signs of
cheating as you follow her I don't think
I'm very stealthy so I think I'd be best
not with you two following maybe maybe
you and tokey should go uh go do
something he's letting them very
stealthy well Lenny can stand I can go
with you I can be really quiet I mean
yes okay okay Lenny why don't you find
Ebbets and beyond yes
okay refinery halt Marvin yes no boy boo
Lenny's going through the house oh oh
[ __ ] all right Lenny
so first Lenny he leaves me to lie
though in a sense like you always expect
him to be so straightforward that when
he lies to you wouldn't even assume he's
lying you doubt he can lie
but he can that's how he does it he's
that sneaky all right Lenny please don't
[ __ ] this up on purpose as the other
speak off you are elephants no but a
window is and you can just slip into the
window since there's no glass he touches
the door lock and walks away to go find
Nevins he tried his window right open he
tried his best he went all right to find
Evans in the tavern meanwhile the other
mender of the party heads down to the
docks and sure enough you can see this
woman Emily I think that was her name
and she heads over towards this ship
that's docked and there's a small little
building on the pier near the ship and
she kind of looks round and it slips
into the building that's a long stretch
from where you are to where the building
is on the end of the pier maybe a good
40 or 50 feet with no cover what kind of
building is this it looks like a small
like storage shed or something like oh
you might want to like put some rope or
some empty barrels or something near a
bow but you don't want it to get like
knocked into the sea so you put like a
little shed around it she's sneaking a
storage shed we shall come all right
well we're gonna we're gonna sneak
behind her and we're gonna we're gonna
follow her all right follow her you can
if you're gonna follow her though you're
gonna be in the open on this dock
anybody on the docks near you or on the
road on the shore is gonna be able to
see you what you're doing does that
matter to you pass without a trace it's
like yeah okay
so pass without a trace is U+ tend to
stick and can't be tracked okay yeah so
this will kind of make the area that you
are a little bit more shadowy it'll just
sort of like distort the light a little
bit and also muffle all of your sounds
wait so wait wait before we do that
instead of using a spells plot instead
just turn into like a rat or something
and follow them I could also say that
yeah but so you wouldn't be with me it
was like a romantic bonding mission whoa
whoa whoa I didn't like the way your
facial expression changed so what you
said I meant I was smiling on the inside
Lily gasps no spell slaughters worth as
much as our time spent together quite a
museum all right you pass pass without a
trace and I need both of you to make me
stealth checks at +10 - whatever you
roll and k20 so let's see if anyone
notices you and they would need to roll
so well okay you guys sneak along the
year creepin through the shadows that
sort of walk with you Toki Toki just
[ __ ] win to that Shadow Realm she
didn't even know it you get up to the
shed and you can hear the sound of
pacing on the other side of the walls
someone is walking back and forth and
the the planks of the pier squeak as
they walk
I'm just watching me then someone gets
off the ship at the end of the dock
not just any someone a Minotaur a big
like seven foot tall Minotaur with huge
Florence he starts walking down the dock
in your direction
well you guys are crouched by this
building if he walks he's cheating on
this guy yeah because he gets to the
fielding she gets to the building and
opens the door steps through and sort of
slams it behind him as he in the room
with the girl uh-huh and you can hear
some voices and since giggling listen
listen and some grunting all noises
there's a loud squeal and you he had the
whole building sort of shakes as
something slams against the wall are
there windows or anything like no it's
just a little shed it's got to be pure
dark in there wait there's no windows
there's no windows a small storage shed
so as I turn into wait wait wait if I
turn into an animal do I keep my dwarf
vision like can they see in the dark
still does that mean that is a fantastic
question I do not know the answer to
it's very important really important it
is and I'm very proud of you for asking
that question advance and thinking of
those things if you don't have
inspiration already you should take it
apparently you keep any racial features
not dependent upon your shape yes
ooh you returned a benefit of any
features from your class race or other
source that you and can use them if the
new physical form is physically capable
of doing so however you can't use any of
your special senses such as dark vision
unless it also has that sense let's see
if rats and mice have any dark vision
though because they might are there any
are there any small creatures cats
should have it
they doesn't say that they do but they
want to have dark vision I think we see
though rats or giant rats rats have dark
vision there you go nice all right
perfect
you turn into a rat and you can squeak
up under the door and see a
average-sized woman 3 5 3 5 for being
hefted and leaned against a wall by a
towering like seven and a half foot tall
Minotaur me there banging okay couldn't
tell every description - squealing the
thing you could've done anything it
could have been anything yeah yeah and
it could have been performing it
could've been doing an improv anything
I'm gonna watch for like 5 minutes just
to make sure they're banging yeah yeah
but you know you should well review
minutes just to make sure just to make
sure mm-hmm
okay cool all right I'm gonna I'm gonna
come out up there
yeah through this process you will learn
that his name is Randy she keeps calling
it out the animation guy on this and
Koivu in the 1500s there's really no way
to provide solid proof of something like
cheating
nope okay why it's so important to trust
someone's word I think all the wires a
terrible thing
I am also told this guy that I'd bring
the Minotaur - what yeah why to sell my
deal cuz gap over promises always I
didn't think there was a minute oh yeah
I'm a [ __ ] skeevy ass [ __ ]
detective bard of course he would bring
the person she's cheating on with to him
I have an idea I have an idea - was your
idea first you go first all right I say
we cut off a finger to prove that we saw
him we don't have to actually bring him
right
okay what's your idea I don't think my
idea is very good let's hear it my idea
was that we would we would bring the
Minotaur to the tavern under a guise of
buying him a drink because he's so
massive and and impressive and then
bring him to the bring him to the to the
man who paid me and have him deal with
it why would he accept a drink from a
random person don't like what do you
think he would accept we can play it
upright
I mean you're a druid you love you love
mythical creatures right Toki and I love
drinking and so we are gonna we are
gonna convince this Minotaur to go to
this tavern us how far away is this time
you know 15 minute walk
okay well let's track it sure
all right all right you head back to the
tavern and there's Johnny still hanging
out with his friend I may see you coming
in and they sit up we miss you also see
you Lenny and ebbets we didn't want to
go without without the Minotaur we
wanted to bring the Minotaur oh okay I'm
sorry I thought you wanted to bring wait
oh wait actually yeah maybe maybe I
should go get him and bring him here oh
you did not can i lock the door from
outside the shed yes he's gonna get so
mad you'll have to try and find a way to
bar it because there's no lock on the
outside so how are you gonna hold a door
shut from the outside girl bar I use all
of my oh let me think let me think
big brain Toki um how do i okay
yeah I got nothing and it is I think
wool I mean they probably [ __ ] for a
long time right do you think they'll
still be [ __ ] in 30 minutes
Jesus Christ maybe I guess I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna go get this maybe
maybe week maybe all he needs to do is
sealer but the minutes are got off a
boat
so the minotaurs gonna go away he's
gonna [ __ ] good wank what's in the
book new this is just him no it's a
large sailing vessel there gonna be
other people it's probably a cargo ship
moving supplies around um
can you maybe look around the ship for
for like somewhere to lock them in the
room it'll piss them off but it'll be
fun
maybe there's a crowbar on the ship you
good you good you good lock with a
crowbar right just [ __ ] do that is
there anywhere around here that we could
walk it with I mean you'll have to
improvise something right you're on a
dock there is a ship nearby there's
other buildings with other supplies
scattered about that now theoretically
you could steal but if you imagine like
a small shed with a door on it
how would you keep that door shut if
there's not all in it what are the
handles like it's just a simple turning
handle and a little round one okay are
there crates to move in front of it as
their rope is there you would have to
bring him from somewhere else on the
dock there's no crates nearby but you
could haul some [ __ ] from somewhere else
and set it up here yeah hey Tam mayor
needs your Randy the Minotaur right we
heard you're a commie baba or something
like that
we know his name and I'm part of the
upper echelon of society apparently so
you could believe me sounds reasonable
to me sure let's [ __ ] let's [ __ ] go
for it Toki what is it what's our story
okay he's gonna be really mad at us when
he finds out that we're lying to him
don't forget that's that's true okay so
he knows so we know his name is Randy
we'll be like Hello we have a special
message for Randy the Minotaur there is
a very high
like to speak with you at the top I have
an idea okay um you can tell him that
and you can play dumb when he finds out
an axe like you act like you were just
like hired by someone you have no idea
what to do you were just yours the
messenger don't shoot the messenger
high-ranking noble asked me to find you
I was just paid to do the job and maybe
maybe I could go back to the tavern and
cuz I I feel like if there were two of
us and be harder to sell that right and
you're also an upper echelon [ __ ] and
our an upper epsilon member of society
and I'm not so perhaps I could go back
to the tavern and maybe get the guy to
confront him on the way there so you
don't have to bring him fifty minutes
away and unless you think maybe a bar
would be a better scene of confrontation
anyway there might be guards at the bar
to stop a minutes are potentially aren't
they're usually like bodyguards to stop
firefights and [ __ ]
yeah there's usually a bouncer at a
tavern okay second or third level
fighter does the does the fact that she
is an upper echelon person matter at all
or should I do it because she's a noble
it might not she was like a pseudo noble
right like she wasn't noble and she's
kind of dropped down so if this guy has
like a sense of social standing then it
would definitely carry but he's a
Minotaur and they're from a small island
to the south called minute Aria they're
kind of have their own world they may
not actually give a [ __ ] about people's
noble rankings okay maybe I'll do it
okay yeah it's a 50/50 if he cares that
you're a noble or not
all right daddy together do it let's go
okay go go Wow that was to Venus do you
think I should run back to the tavern or
maybe we can meet up half Lake that's
what I was thinking but maybe a tavern
would be a better way to confront them
or a better place to confront them
because there's a bouncer for the
Minotaur I can take a minute sure
you're no more well JJ no okay Lilly we
can do it one night okay we're gonna do
ready to find us should we wait until
like there don't wait you should we do
it together is there a problem with us
doing it together I guess it'd just be
like less convincing right or maybe not
I feel like it's less convincing if
there's two of us if someone if we're
like two messengers right there only has
to be one messenger let's just do it
all right you guys go together well
together are we willing until he's done
or not yeah we're waiting until he's
done no yeah to turn into beasts not
humanoids yeah all right so you wait
until they are done you spend a decent
amount of time Wow you scored a 20 so
you spend a long time hanging out on the
docks oh really you might expect wait
how long whatever natural 20 on a
constitution check will get you so damn
we should've gotten him [ __ ] yeah
sometime later the door opens and a
sweaty couple sort of staggers out
you're still hiding behind the wall
hiding hanging out we're hanging out all
right the door they open the doors and
see the tube oh yeah like not like you
directly but like nearby like not like
right next to the shed not nothing
you know we're by the ship but not by
the ship sure sure sure so they come out
there's some sweet nothings being passed
between them some like she's stroking
his arm but she only comes up to you
know about maybe his uh
hello Acela armpit or something and he
gives some sort of like gruff thing his
tail kind of flicks up and he turns and
stomps back to the [ __ ] we're gonna
we're gonna go approach you past the
wife as she walks down the plank that
the docks and you catch up to the
Minotaur who turns around as he hears
you approaching and stand still staring
at you - ah hello um I we were hired I
wouldn't want to act my character okay
my character is a is a is a bustling
wily messenger who doesn't really know
what he's doing but means bet and means
well you know so that's my character
okay all right decided to play hello uh
we were hired by a by a certain member
of nobility to escort you to the tavern
which is called you get to make up a
name go for it
the oily can the oily can the oiling can
there is a there is a a noble person
that the Chancellor waiting for you at
the tavern mr. Randy the the Minotaur is
it correct uh-huh
uh the the jesters been very very very
long waiting your arrival Randy you are
something of a legend here we hear you
come you you come by a lot um and and
we've seen you around here but the
Chancellor the Chancellor's never gotten
a chance to ask you two to meet up with
her you see not many minutes are has
come around these parts and she's very
very interested in meeting you and
buying you and drinking getting and
talking to you for business reasons
uh-huh so yeah if you don't mind will
you kindly come with us to the the oil
and can house Martin minotaurs
if average intelligence is eight to
thirteen minotaurs tend to be and be
like six to twelve range so a little bit
dumber than regular people but on
average this guy seems smarter than
Lenny uh he's got a pretty emotionless
face you're gonna just stares at you for
a minute
give me a persuasion check and you have
to beat his willpower would she roll
terrible on so don't just don't flub
this one that is not a flub yeah grunts
ooh bad I have an 8 in persuasion and I
got a 13 that's a stupid huh he grunts
man starts coming after you following
after you okay there big differences all
right do you guys to the tavern and you
step inside on the far end of the tavern
you can see Lenny and nevets sitting
down and chatting and the middle of the
tavern against the wall you can see
Johnny and his buddy and I guess the two
of you approach and they sit up and then
look now look at the Minotaur and they
look confused and then just as you get
to the table it clicks in Johnny's brain
what's happening and his eyes go really
wide I'm gonna rake or or I'm gonna say
where's the chips I'm gonna act
surprised but we actually before then uh
Toki
I told Toki to act surprised of the
chance there wasn't here so she's gonna
say that because I shouldn't act like
that towards my client Oh give me a
stealth check to slip that informations
where while you guys are wall like well
we were way to sex I mean while we were
waiting for the sex I said that I don't
know it seems like those a little far
back it seems like Daffy just remember
to do it right now okay okay okay
give me a stealth check yeah that
totally beats his hearse destruction he
didn't notice you we didn't say that
one is Jonny pointed in now Shaunie's
just sitting down he's not saying or
doing anything he's just looking at the
two of you and your companion I'd like
to walk up to Johnny and say Johnny so
nice to see you pat him on the back and
lean in and act like and give him a hug
and say here's your guy and I like say
it really quiet the Minotaur can't hear
it okay aha say here's your guy all
right yep you guys are here too you see
these guys walk in with the Minotaur
between them we're just outside the
house of where they're going or oh yeah
yeah okay I would have told nervous
Daffin Toki went off to go find cheating
Minotaur treating Minotaur is this
another mission they have Lennie I guess
I tried to break into a house but door
was lock
yeah I mean I imagine most people would
lock their doors Lennie but okay what
are they doing now
johnny is staring eyes wide mouth again
I'm not sure how to process this new
information the Minotaur sir just
looking around and waiting for you guys
to do something he seems quite slow and
passive I'm gonna I'm gonna get up I
want to walk to the Minotaur and say I
don't do the Chancellor here but um I'm
very sorry about that can I buy you a
drink instead
sure is this the cheetah tar daph I
wanna I wanna I wanna have it okey dokey
I want to said Tokyo Dubai imma drink in
a large mug of whatever the heck they
have oh yeah it is Oh
it's kind of like look at deaf with my
eyebrow raised and then I guess I just
go back to drinking ah no no yep Johnny
it says to death this is the guy this is
the one I'm very sorry I'm very very
sure Johnny I'm gonna come back with a
drink
give it surround e you want me to beat
him up Johnny Johnny I sat with my own
eyes oh yeah roughly half an hour to an
hour please Johnny do you want me to
beat him up
could you wanna I wanna yes I want to
walk over to the Minotaur and start
talking to him sure because I the table
I want to talk kind of loudly mm-hmm so
what do you been up to Randy why are you
what brings you here I work on a ship oh
yeah did you ship your ship stops by
this old assault down little whaler's
bay often often yeah what do you get up
to around here usually Randy drinking
fighting I think I saw you uh you
walking out without with a pretty girl
oh yeah
Lenny's gonna go behind him and like
shove his head into the table any
ambushes in from behind trying to grab
his head and shove it into the table
make me yeah closed athletics check you
can do yours at advantage because he was
not expecting this Minotaur gods
holy [ __ ] that is the third natural one
he's rolled in a row
the Minotaur scams hits the table like a
sack of potatoes you will the 20 he
rolls along a real table not out now you
should he should crush his head like a
watermelon just just complete like that
Game of Thrones 100% not one nut
wani his child should die in the next
city cowboy that's how hard his head
just got slammed into the tank Lenny was
very upset about the feeding and the guy
said can you sew Lenny's trying to prove
himself
so corner will allow it Lenny will do no
we don't blame the victim let me see
minotaurs have a lot of hit points
unfortunately for you but I don't think
you're gonna be able to outright kill
him they have an average of 76 HP so if
we're saying that you're not even hard
like that would be like a critical hit
from a club in the head so most we could
say what I would say it's like times
club damage which is not replaces can
kill people cuz like they're just not
expecting it or whatever yeah it's hard
to manage that it's like what if you're
if you're tenth level fighter gets
sucker punched by like some random
street thug it would be shitty if they
just nomination you knock him out and
you like break one of his horns off and
just snap some fluid slowly draining out
of it can I snap the other horn off -
yeah you can try and stop him give me an
opposed strength check [ __ ] waiting to
try stab him with her words with her
kind heart when he snaps the other one
off yep he just might push the Chokey
aside and my brother say horns worth
lots of mone Lenny this Minotaur II
didn't know he's here well the Chapman
has gone silent the bouncer steps
towards Lenny hand trembling a little
bit as he like puts it on his club
looking at this giant [ __ ] monster
who just knocked out a Minotaur and
broke off both of his horns
timid bouncer says hey nobody we don't
want any trouble if you gotta get out of
here okay nebith will you take me to
somewhere else
um yeah I put my drink down and I walk
out with Lenny
that bouncer wipes the sweat from his
brow gives a heavy sigh and goes and
gets a couple shots of whiskey from that
was awesome Lennie's the best letting
gets a raise
do you think these are worth nevets the
minute our words I don't know Lenny I've
never sold one before Lenny didn't care
about gold he only cares about school he
cares about helping you guys get going
look at Johnny say there's your guy huh
come over and give the minotaur kick in
the leg before he and his buddy leave me
whoa whoa whoa whoa wait wait Johnny
Johnny
yeah when when am I getting that extra
five gold
we gave him home you we miss you just
digs around his pocket and holds out his
mother's wedding ring to you a silver
band with garnets in it you can estimate
its value to easily be like six gold
Stefan gold maybe tini I'm getting like
yeah your end up getting a little over
paid for this thank you so much I'm
terribly terribly sorry about your wife
but I hope this and I want to gesture to
the hornless minotaur provide you some
solace Johnny
and what's the shirt it was your wife
that I saw if you want any more details
just let me know he goes bright red
because the entire tavern is silent and
people are definitely overhearing this
conversation and he runs he and his
buddy all right
sometime later the party can reconvene
what we gonna say that I wanted to turn
to Toki I wanted to say Toki it was so
fun working with you today this is my
favorite mission we've done so far yeah
me too
I've seen a lot of things
I want to want to give her the ring and
say good work for me really the ring
reminded me of how beautiful you are
Toki I just couldn't help but be
compelled to give it to you I didn't
even think most valuable part Koivu the
balls for the suit good suit man you
can't turn that [ __ ] down
dude dad's gonna get some [ __ ] [ __ ]
hell yeah all right sorry to get to the
HR department again all right the party
reconvenes a little bit later down the
street it is night time a couple hours
after dark the port is starting to shut
down
most of the people in town have gone to
sleep it's just a few randoms walking
about in the occasional town guard
cruising through party what do you wanna
do all my wild shapes are just all of
them no the targets are yeah okay do you
want to share your and your discoveries
with your party yeah I guess so oh the
dining table and like talk about you
know tell each other about our days so
alright guys so I ran down her name was
Linda right the red-haired lady
that sounds right yes I ran down Linda
and I spoke with her about one of the
jobs as she was planning and it sounds
like she has a pretty big job planned
all the way down in the frost lands
sounds like she's really interested in
working with us but if we want to do
this we're gonna need to have a few
spells covering our tracks I don't know
if either of you feel like you're
capable of that or if there's a place
where you can learn those types of
spells or if we need to find another
person to bring along to cast these
types of spells and I don't know if in
general we're interested in this line of
work what do you guys think how well we
haven't discussed any payment yet but I
mean considering the scope of her last
job which was that crown I mean I
imagine the pay is probably gonna be
pretty big I don't know how long it
would take us to travel on foot
probably I'd guess half speed at what we
travel over normal land maybe mm-hmm and
then the boat right there is probably
I'd guess maybe probably about a week
mm-hmm I can turn it to a polar bear
they're [ __ ] they're bidding me
they're brutal
yeah boodle
oh not Lindo her name was Fiona I'm
sorry what Shrek yeah but um what do you
guys think I don't know in terms of
spells that you two are capable of
casting do you guys have spells that
would help us sneak around undetected
snow well wait just passed out trees
absolutely pass without trace will
prevent any tracks when would this be
we got a long rest you should have all
your suppose Jesus Christ wouldn't this
be could we long yeah I mean we'll we'll
have plenty of time to rest on the boat
right there so oh I think that sounds
like a great job that's are there any
risks though I mean I'm sure what kind
of mission is this anyway why are we
going down all the way so she made it
sound like we were going down there to
steal something I mean I imagine of
course this is gonna be risky but I mean
which job have we taken that doesn't
carry some calories yes I just I just
fear for the for the good soiling the
good name of OA but I suppose if we if
we keep around here what happens [ __ ]
wait soiling the good name of Lua what
kind of name are we trying to keep I
thought we just did work-for-hire but I
mean the the Prince won't hire someone
who steals things right
we have to we have to keep a good good
grace well yeah we have to we have to
make sure that um that we can't be tied
up in this right you know I took a
business class at the local community
college and we learned about white label
projects maybe okay maybe
what if hmm you're right so this is
balancing our reputation is definitely
something we have to keep in mind that's
a very good point death well I mean if
they if they're easy to keep on the
down-low sure it is possible
what if okay what if we actually have
two agencies what if we sell all of our
shady jobs or maybe our jobs that are
less than legal what if we sell those
out of the second agency and then we
continue to take upstanding jobs out of
the primary agency and maybe people
wouldn't associate us with the other
agency yeah so for instance you could be
running the various operations agency
and maybe we could have another side to
the coin you call ourselves maybe the
nefarious operations agency but we'll
keep it under the down-low if if we're
asked about it by the wrong people will
say it's a joke among colleagues sure so
that can be our we wouldn't want to be
associated as a VOA with these jobs we'd
be NOAA or something NOAA yeah
Pat sounds diabolical let's do it great
finds nevets I like to talk about my day
to God donkey I helped a little girl
rescue a cat from my tree got three
copper was it fun no that sounds kind of
fun sounds pretty cool
Oh miss Toki you may want to sell these
and I'll hand over the two big bulky
Minotaur horns with blunting sure but
that's in the other town so you can hold
on until then kill Minotaur
[Music]
so the Minotaur horns are kind of big
see you come if this is this is the
image of a Minotaur here right and that
guy's like seven feet tall so your head
would be a lot smaller than his head
right but the horns are still pretty big
so I hired someone to use one of the
horns to make a headpiece for me
ooh it's like use the horn to make like
a cool headband that is the horn is the
headband oh yeah you can find an artist
to make that for you
Lenny should wear one cuz he's someone
who broke it off anyway you want me to
have matching hat with you can repurpose
it and then we can make it into like
four different kinds of like badges or
something we can all learn together
he's a miniature though this is a
miniature without its horns like are
they very frowned upon at that point or
is like are they emasculated or has it
that's pretty emasculating yeah yeah he
emasculated that other guy I'm gonna
mask you late him alright
no one is masculine anymore Lenny is so
you can go ahead and get these horns
turned into something as a bone Carver
in town who specializes with horns and
bones mutually whale bones and stuff and
they will be able to you could sell it
to him or you could use it to not a lot
they were sort of like roughly broken
off horns right they weren't like
perfectly taken off the bottom they're
kind of snapped off so they're like a
lower quality for his purposes you could
probably get twenty five silver for each
one question do we get xp for that quest
and the Minotaur
ohto so close to leveling yes thank you
yes we're at Lake 6280
Daffy dad didn't get any experience from
last week's I think we agreed to share
it with them oh you did okay we all did
because we were using a spell slots yeah
yeah oh that's right sweet shut the [ __ ]
up cake you're up ten thousand two
hundred and twenty five XP yep oh you
guys are you okay yeah I added your
sushi apparently all right so experience
for defeating the Minotaur plus
experience for the quest good I mean and
we'll add in some role-playing here
because that was something that would
some clever [ __ ] you guys in / for
everyone take home
262 experience that should bring you to
six four eight seven wait can I are you
like 12 XP no actually yeah you can
Laurie me for 12 XP everyone gets just
six four nine nine good one your bowl is
not a threat no XP alright you're all
sitting one XP off your your next level
you've talked about the mission and you
will I have one wait boy bill Lily did
that cat quest that's worth the twelve
expediate you all just got that you just
lowered for o retconning the explanation
I added a whole bunch of role-playing
experience which includes the natural 20
and all that jazz I had a two and a half
times the quest xp for the role playing
can you post your mouth on that actually
I want 200 the quest was 100 and the
role-playing I think was 250 I think
it's so low XP on the minutes a minute
or horns I'm gonna give them to the bone
Carver tell them for for XP i want a
commission into mixin oh sure
to make you the headbands yeah can you
make four headbands out of these two
horns for the four of us our heads
aren't that big mmm I can make two out
of these horns but I have some other
horns I could make you a set of four
with some other ones I could make a I
can make thinner headbands if I cut the
horns in half long fur I can get you
four matching headbands if you've
already got the parts then it'll be ten
gold each to make up
it's gonna be hard to soften up horn to
turn it into a full circle in but I can
do it that's a 40 gold total you want 10
gold for each one it's hard work to
soften these horns and turn them into a
headband and then I'm gonna put some
carvings in them whatever you want we
can make them look real nice we can even
put in a little loop so you can put some
fabrics if you want to turn into a
proper hat it's gonna be crazy
can you can you have a flower in one of
them yes give me what you want me to
carving them I'll carve whatever you
want so I'll need time for clothes to
change now and half when you're done yes
okay I'm gonna take 24 down my street I
have six left great and at any point
before you guys get these horns done you
can tell me what you want carve to them
and we'll say that you give those
instructions now all right the party's
got horn the party is going you'll get
them when you come back from this next
mission they'll be done by then so the
plan is to meet up with Fiona she'll
find you tomorrow and hear details of
this quest if they'll have you and then
go to the frost lands and do some crazy
[ __ ] so why don't we take a break and
when we come back we'll sort that out
all right we'll be back hello everybody
and welcome back to add I Sandman the
party is still in whaler's bay and I
think it's the the next day spend
another night at a tavern and you are
greeted in the morning by Fiona the
red-haired woman with some freckles
across her face sitting at the farm at
the base of the staircase as you come
down waiting for you know a little feel
No
hey Fiona hey there big boy big man
mm-hmm
so are you all still interested in a
little bit of work are we all here in Oz
yeah it's a party's here okay yeah yes
we talked it over and I think I think
this this mission seems right up our
alley
perfect so I have talked to my father
and he said he would like to meet you
and discuss these plans with you let me
give you a quick rundown though see if
you're still on board we would be
heading to the frost lands there would
be certainly combat involved possibly
against snow elementals or some sort of
summoned beasts from another plane we
would certainly be lit risking life and
limb getting something from someone who
does not want it to be taken from them
and returning it here for my father and
how risky is this mission exactly our
intelligence is based on a failed
expedition to the area in which a few
people died including a spellcaster and
decent war a night of low rank not very
strong then she shrugs it's all through
the grapevine it's hard to tell could be
life-threatening
could be a cakewalk wait is she a doctor
no she is waiting for you when you came
downstairs as if she knew you were here
this is a bad idea
well I told her we were here yeah yeah
okay well we'll meet up with your father
at somewhere that's not here I'll take
you to where he is now okay excellent
she will flounce off through the door
and head into a quick backstreet and
down a staircase kind of sort of
obscured by some boxes to a wooden door
and give it a couple wraps yeah you only
have like a minute before you arrive at
that fast nevets what's up done I I
don't think we should we should have our
meetings at our if we are if we are
operating as Noah
I think Noah does not live where Villa
lives I think we should not meet with
with people for jobs such as this at our
regular residence no of course I mean
given that we're in an entirely
different City from wait are we yes yeah
we're not in our home city at all right
now right cron wick is where were
originally stationed whalers basically
yeah I'm sorry yeah yeah that's fine
that's okay deaf you're probably still
hung over from your drinking adventures
as years ago yeah
healed all my health away all my all my
brain cells to there's a rapping at the
door and it opens from the inside and
Fiona steps into a darkened smoky room I
can all follow and there is a broad
table maybe five or six feet across in
the middle circular at the far end are
two figures nevets you'll recognize them
as the people Fiona was talking to
yesterday and the tavern when there was
that exchange going on mm-hmm
actually - saw that I'm sorry and there
are a few other people standing around
in the corners of the room and against
the wall they look like maybe guards
bouncers other nefarious people who are
about this maybe eat other people
besides Fiona and the two people you're
meeting with here they are all armed
with either like brass knuckles or clubs
or swords except for two in the back
side behind the people you're meeting
who look like spellcasters of some kind
maybe a wizard and a druid or sorcerer
hard to tell in the smokey dimly lit
area
fiona sits down at a table and motions
to the four empty seats for you guys to
join her
lynnie sips yeah we said if you wanna
speaks up it says father mother this is
you know actually don't think I have
your names would you introduce
yourselves please
blooney is my name
welcome loony Timmy and I'm dill dill
and I'm Steven cuz nevets is Stephen
Evans backwards thanks what was your new
name
like - well name is daffodil I don't
know if you guys know how but no one
knows okay perfect she promotions to the
other two this is Lenny Tammy Steven and
dill and the other two on the other side
nod they're older maybe in their 50s or
60s or something Lou mount the mandolin
looney looney looney looney yes yes he's
very sensitive about it please don't
mispronounce it my apologies i would
like to introduce you to father
gustav and mother Helen you can just
call them mr. and mrs. though nice to
meet you both mother and father I'm
sorry what were their names Gustav and
Helen Gustav and Helen all right Gustav
speaks first saying hmm so Fiona's
clearly told you what some of what you
need to know and from here on out we
need to have an agreement you're gonna
hear out the rest of this deal even if
you opt not to do this I need some
assurances from you that you won't get
in our way or cause problems
I hope you understand who we are and the
consequences for betraying us I we do we
do fully understand
not need to worry about us good our
network is large and far-reaching I
wouldn't want you to try and run away if
you don't mind my asking what are you
what is your network known as well I'm
father that's mother but there's my
daughter we are the family you just
known as father and mother daughter to
those of us those that who aren't in the
family yes those titles will suffice for
now you would probably know somewhat
about this this the family is the the
term for the major organized crime mafia
really it's like the mob yeah about
Network sort of all throughout Arcadia
yeah a cult a mafia in criminal
organization all the same thing really
and you're you're saying that if we did
want to back out of this for some reason
as long as we don't get in your way you
won't get in ours or as long as we don't
get in your way okay they none
but it also means we probably won't ever
come to you again with any more jobs so
here's the plan
fifteen hundred years ago we all know
that the gods smashed apart the world
broke apart Arcadia created the canals
rose mountains flattened valleys created
new seas and in the process the southern
continent of caldonia froze over the
frost lands of Arcadia changed at the
same time once a lush open plain now a
barren wasteland of ice and snow but a
few months back the island of caldonia
disappeared vanished it's just open
ocean where that island once was and
still the frost lands are cold princess
Celes all Twix a few weeks later sent an
expedition to the frost lands to figure
out what was going on one of their
members the servant who was in charge of
watching the supplies on top of the
hills of Eretria saw what happened The
Wizard of the group noticed a strange
magical signature coming from one of the
hillsides the party went off to
investigate it when the very snow itself
came to life and ripped the party to
shreds the servants managed to get out
of there because they weren't with the
rest of the party and report back the
thinking is there is a different cause
for the frost lands than the events were
that we thought I have what niece and a
nephew who have done some brief
investigations and I have discovered
that there is a high chance that this
area contains an orb of winter something
I most did not desperately but most
assuredly would like I need you to go
find the orb of winter in cinder Springs
you're a tria bring it back to me
and he will produce a a heavy box and
slide it across the table to you it is a
lead-lined box and says this is what
you'll want to carry it in to keep it
safe and hopefully to keep any magical
effects from spreading out the orb of
winter is a far-reaching item any of you
familiar with the devouring Maw No
familiarize me it's a far away place
similar thing went down there a few
years back that's what makes me think
these two are connected there's some
traces between them if you don't know it
then it's not important for now what two
things are connected the appearance of
there was an incident in the devouring
moss swamp in a far to the east and
solemn where it began to snow for okay
no reason out of the blue it was an orb
of winter that caused those problems
that were never fully resolved and I
believe it is a similar orb here keeping
this area frozen hmm and you want us to
retrieve this orb and bring it back to
you mm-hmm
and this is a pretty high-profile quest
considering this will literally change
the entire biome yes mm-hmm
but if it's there then someone has it
someone strong enough to keep it hidden
a wizard a lich maybe who knows what it
could be anything so for a very
high-risk mission such as this what kind
of coin would you be offering reward
what are your going rates for something
like this travel preparations time very
very very high-risk wait boo how much
gold was the ghost mission and how much
gold is the ghost mission was like 120
wasn't it I think that's what you
negotiated - mm-hmm do we get 300 for
that
what sonars about 400 for the crown 300
for the ghost 120 for the ghost wait why
do we get so much with the crowd they're
just paying well I think this is at
least 800 gold hmm
gustaf looks over towards Helen who sort
of shakes her head a little bit and
speaks up for the first time in a very
calm voice saying 800 doesn't sound
unreasonable but Fiona here has a team
who's asking half that amount does the
team why should we go with you instead
of them what does the team look like
over there yeah she has a few Scouts to
help her get there a sorcerer
friend to keep up appearances
hopefully turn everyone invisible to
sneak in so it sounds like the group is
someone they're people that you're gonna
pay the 400 gold and then they won't get
the job done potentially will [ __ ] up
along the way or die and you'll have to
come back to us and pay the full price
and we'll get your job done for them
right that's problem will happen by the
looks of them they might be able to turn
them invisible they're a bunch of scouts
what the raggedy we have a bard a druid
of our Burien and a rogue and we're all
seasoned fighters and we know exactly
we're doing we are very well-versed in
this mission are in this mmm in this in
this field and we can get the job done
for you we've got many many many jobs
done before and rest assured this will
be just like the others can I step up
and offer something to next to death
uh-huh you know I'm sure both of us have
the financial means to get this started
how about you offer the job to both of
us and then whichever brings it back
first with a person that collects the
coin
ooh Helen looks to Gustav who looks
surprised and they both look to Fiona
as she considers it there's any
sentimental value for any of these
people as well for an extra 20 coin will
even bring back their bodies no these
are not our agents we don't care if them
how about 400 coin and 400 in services
to be rendered at any point from here on
out
wait what it she's offering 400 flat 400
golden golden services yeah yeah that
would be 400 GP worth of anything you
want from the Mafia that could be
stealing [ __ ] that could be acting as
Scouts acting as guides acting as
distractions it could be small murders
perhaps you not maybe not like a noble
to be assassinated but you know killing
someone that you want gone any any sort
of criminal elements tasks that you
might need done
you would have 400 in cash to spend on
that can you buy stuff from them to like
if you wanted to buy like cedar your
things like poisons yes yes sounds like
good trade hmm I mean what if we never
need a favor from the Mafia and what if
we're just wasting 400 gold that if we
do need a favor and we did 800 for it we
could come back and kind of them later I
mean look at these two I think that
favors are a great way to do business it
assures that both both of us are
mutually interested in each other's
successes I think it's a good way to
start a relationship off yeah deal let's
do it good
Helen leans over and reaches an arm
across the table to you guys to shake
hands shake hands okay it is done they
will supply you with anything that you
might need for this as part of the the
deal so winter blankets winter traveling
clothes any tools that you think you
might need they will book you passage on
a ship to bond unto Seir and from there
you can set off on your mission we need
rope we need climbing supplies your
headbands can I ask they won't go after
the mission unfortunately it will take a
while to work before we leave can I ask
her might there be a place where we can
buy a vial of some sort of like diseased
liquid but I could mix with wine
diseased or poisoned diseased these
things can be arranged
how much can ask them purpose of this
it's always good to have a trick up your
sleeve
Helen motions to one of the guards or
one of it the people standing behind her
a spellcaster a wizard by the looks of
it who approaches he's a young man with
sort of a burn marks on his face and red
hair and she whispers to him and he
leans over the table and says sort of
disease fast acting slow acting scarring
killing anything visible symptoms low
visibility symptoms how about - how
about how about one that paralyzes maybe
some sort of neural I don't know if I
would know that word so something that
paralyzes the agent relatively quickly
and maybe something that kills the agent
relatively quickly diseases though
diseases it's important he nods i I can
find something I'll need some time to
prepare these materials how much time
this I have to find someone who's
diseased take some samples could this be
done in the course of a week or a week
should be fine okay everyone looks
around well then if our business is
concluded
we will book passage on a ship for you
and in a week you will have your blood
and our mission will proceed as planned
Fiona will go with you to bond unto Seir
to help you navigate the delicate social
situation over there and get you any
supplies you need you will come back
with her it's the orb in the box I hope
you have a way of finding it it's a
difficult thing to find an orb in a a
human area we'll figure it out okay do
you have any other leads besides knowing
exactly what talents and what he doesn't
know the time isn't right what is it in
a tree ax atreya
near cinder springs in the frost lands
look at the map you should be centered
on it oh how large is that area that's
pretty big like the hills are miles
between a transcender spring right but
more towards you yeah Gustav
pipes up saying these Scouts went on
onto the hills I know from various maps
it looks like a hilly region but it's
more of a crater looking thing a steep
wall that runs up and then back down the
inside has a hot lake in it some sort of
boiling something underneath it with
some trees around the edge it's near
this at the edge of the the crater where
the scouts had seen this magical
signature and went to investigate before
the snow ripped them apart it should be
on the south side of the crater also
that narrows it down pretty well right
mm-hmm
the south side of the crater is where we
think the orb is mm-hmm
so like here mm-hmm so not okay trails
the reach this whole sector oh that's
amazing
yeah cinder spring is better the lake in
the middle okay all right we'll be able
to find it already
this fool this will start our mission
the orb of winter is this next quest the
title of it and so you guys can leave
the dark smoky room head back out into
the light Fiona will walk with you until
you're out of the alleyway tell you if
you need anything she will be around
you'll find her at the name I can't
member the name that Darth gave the
other tavern Daffy gave the other tavern
but she'll be there if you need anything
from her ok and now it's time to plan
what do you guys need are you just gonna
chill until you get your blood vials and
immediately go can i buy two can i buy
two things of wine two caskets of wine
what we're like a book or a bottle of
wine with a bottle
yeah bottle that's what I said we call
the bottles yeah I think we might want
to get new Armour for those honestly we
have a lot of gold and this sounds like
a really difficult we're gonna have some
hard fight armor is like really
expensive yeah I think we can set it
leathers probably fine I don't know what
you guys have them super rich you could
get some armors won't do any harm if you
want to yeah Lenny doesn't wear a rubber
well the thing is honestly genuinely we
might die this mission this could be it
if if we have almost died in the past
ones we'll probably at least almost done
this one hopefully we level up at some
point maybe before we go on this we can
completely a really small mission so
that we get a little love
since we're one XP away
some small two-level let's see so Jeff
are you wearing studded leather right
now deaf how do I you just have leather
so you could get better or leather armor
studded leather it would increase your
AC by one it'll be great
250 yes 215 sudden leather armor is like
that's like the best light armor you can
get right yeah yes are you in the same
boat nevets do you need some more or I
have studded leather armor yeah wait
mother is gonna be 45 gold oh yeah and
let's see Toki you can wear light armor
medium armored shields druids will not
wear armor maker use shields made of
metal so if you want you could get some
hide armor or maybe some scale mail it's
gonna be useful for you if you get this
scale mail your AC will go up by 4 but
you will have disadvantage on stealth
checks if you get the hide armor your AC
will go up by 2 but you will not have
disadvantage on stealth Jax trade-off hi
alright that is gonna be 10 gold for you
I'll subtract this all out of the party
sheet how do you gain a proficiency and
more Armorer's is that possible or what
do you do yeah mm-hmm it's a feat to
gain proficiencies with armor that you
don't already have gotcha
oh wait George should be able to wear
light armor and medium armor right right
but not armor that is made of metal why
not why not
oh all right dude no wait what did I say
dudes yeah I'm into rogue I'm sorry I'm
an idiot forget everything I just said
robes I don't know bro can wear medium
armor or not I know I need access to
medium armor what's me over like
chainmail armor is that it will limit
the amount of dexterity that you can add
to your AC to only two decks modifier
max - [ __ ] that just kidding yeah [ __ ]
up everything and I think you get
disadvantage in a lot of [ __ ] only on a
halfpipe not a breastplate yeah yeah
that's not worried that cuz of the decks
nope it's Garbo Mario Lenny you don't
want anything nope
okay wait I mean we want like climbing
supplies and like extra like strength
rope and that should all be on them
right yes but you will need to give me
like oh you tell me what you want okay
we'll give it to you but you gotta like
put it on your character before you head
off awesome nevets what do you think we
need in a very wintry biome okay here's
a question how we know that it's in
cinder spring right mm-hmm
okay wait that's all we know
south side against the edge of the
crater south side against the edge of
the crater so what is it reasonable to
assume you say where I'm pinging that
it's within this awk or this yes hexagon
yeah yeah and this hexagon reasonable
assumption cover it's not in this one it
might be on either side but this is the
southernmost point and this hex
encompasses how much space each X is
five miles it's a five mile space yeah
five mile from Center to center of Hex's
is there in terms of this region is it
known whether or not the snow tapers off
at the edge or there's a
bit of a taper but that taper line is
pretty minimal it's like a three or four
miles you go from like Pleasant warm
green grasslands to freezing snow it's a
bit of a taper
does that include like depth of snow is
that known like it's just I what I'm
getting at is is there any way for me to
know one beforehand so like let's say
for instance I were to look where I'm
can you see where I'm pinging yeah yeah
theoretically the orb can work in one of
two ways either you put it somewhere and
in a ten-mile radius there's five feet
of snow or it could radiate strongly
from one area where there's more snow
towards the center so theoretically you
could take measurements of the snow in
different places to try to figure out
like where it is but like if I would
know if never could know that like well
at the very edge like it's just a raging
Tundra of snow immediately then it
probably wouldn't taper off in any way
like that would be like kind of my
question I don't know if this is a total
waste of time this line of inquiry it's
an interesting line of inquiry so the
snow does taper you can get that from
Fiona who has already investigated this
mission somewhat okay in that case I
would say that we should bring along
like careful measurement tools it might
help us okay like yeah it's not yeah
some sort of stick like that and then
some sort of map and I imagine we
already have like a compass or something
to travel with right to make sure that
we can make these measurements and
account for them you'll have to navigate
by the stars compasses are few and far
between in this day and age can we yeah
how if we're going to a place where it's
snowing all the time with our clouds and
stuff you'll probably want a scout or a
guide to get you through the snows to
the to the hills one of those yeah
absolutely
they're interested in making this happen
so they will help you out with supplies
that you need
oh so that's included in yeah yeah
they'll help you get a guide that will
get you at least within eyesight of the
the hills
we want like a fire starter I would
guess like a bunch of them tinderbox and
stuff yeah tinderbox something I would
make it like because I'm guessing
there's gonna be I mean everything's
gonna be wet with snow mm-hmm so Lenny
since you are the big strong guy I'm
just gonna start putting this [ __ ] that
they need on your character sheet yeah
as everyone else is gonna be encumbered
you have a pen or something so you're
gonna need a tinderbox you're gonna need
a large tent in order to have everyone's
sleep inside large tent is gonna weigh
actually big one what else did you guys
want I mean we need climbing supplies
like I would is it mountainous or is it
like pretty flat it's more or less flat
until you hit the the crater edge and
then it's a hike up it it's a hike it's
not like a that's not a rock climb okay
now's the time yeah obviously like 200
feet of rope okay some lanterns are
there any types of like climbing shoes
like spike shoes or something that would
help were yeah you can get some cleats
mm-hmm
like snowshoes or yeah you'll it'll be
like small bits of animal bone that
stick down on a leather strap that you
tie around your shoes you know it's got
like little spikes below we'll just say
that you when you get them they'll just
be part of your regular clothing weight
they won't weigh significant lanterns
you have some magic lanterns that can
turn on and off at will did you want to
get like regular lanterns well we want
smaller let me this is on them right the
magical yeah we want we want their
lanterns not our own lanterns can we
arrange Oleg su sled dogs and like a
sled know everything there's that too
much that's too much then this area is
too small that's sort of a good that
this place is more or less avoided
there's not a lot of moving around in
here so most of these
no mobile technology that exists hasn't
been developed do you want uh do you
want to put the like weighted blankets
or whatever like the heavy blankets and
stuff on my sheet as well yeah yeah man
I'm guessing we're just swapping our
clothes we're not changing the pounds or
anything right right right
okay um nevets can you think of anything
else we need for snow area good lungs we
can take a camp and stay warm more
rations yes
maybe yeah we should be fine can we get
like a bunch of like emergency like dry
rations I don't know what would I don't
know if that matters anything that would
like weigh the least yeah you can get
some dry rations let's see it's gonna be
[Music]
so it's gonna be 45 miles you'll be able
to go kind of slowly it'll probably take
you three or four days to get there
across the tundra and table need four
days of rations for four people and then
four days back so eight times four is
thirty-two days of rations it's 32
pounds no I think it's gonna eat rations
two pounds so that's gonna be sixty four
pounds of food yeah I think we need to
get a donkey to carry or stuff with us
do we is it reasonable to hunt for food
in these planes and yes we probably need
food right it's gonna be a [ __ ] to eat
the food I mean we can literally just
get like a pack mule to like come with
us or we could hire someone to carry all
this [ __ ] for us the Scout will carry
their own supplies and they'll get you
to the area and then take off and then
you guys can always find your way back
you just head north which it should be
easy to figure out death can we get
donkey sure one ourselves
well they provided donkey they will
provide you with the donkey cool
and then I will put the donkey though it
doesn't come with a name that's
important
dick dick the donkey that's why don't we
name it dominant yeah we did that was my
less that was our the last donkey okay
dick the donkey and then I'll just toss
pretty much like all the rations all the
ration [ __ ] on the donkey okay yeah I'll
keep the ten on me because I think a
little extra on you
so donkey winter blankets hempen rope
large tents you wanted lanterns yep and
who's gonna be like the metal metallic
lanterns hooded lantern for them as well
can we get the lanterns like laden with
like leather so we can hold on to like
the leather piece instead of like the
cold metal dude no I'm saying I don't
want to get frostbite on the oh yeah you
can wrap it in some something soft good
call we have like mittens you can get
mittens bill outfit you with cold gear
and bond unto Seir and you is there
anything that will help us in terms of
fighting that we could get like what can
we get like a like a telescope or
something nope that [ __ ] is super pricey
that's like two grand two thousand gold
for a spyglass I guess at the end of our
week we'll probably check in with the
wizard guy to see if he has any
information about the portal thing yeah
and the room will have had a long rest
you'll have all your spell's back and
let's go check in with mr. wizard
how much do I ate two bottles of wine
cost they are each 30 copper okay I'm
just gonna subtract one silver three
silver per per wine bottle Oh third oh
[ __ ] okay
why are you bringing one you never know
how much are these each 30 silver each
I'm talking how much I did a wage 2
pounds ok 2 pounds for a bottle of wine
for a bottle of wine they weigh 2.6 5
pounds so we'll just round it to two and
a half should we just let ourselves or
more pounds damn it okay um can I
collect my vials of disease as well yes
they will bring that to you one of these
things is going to be a Lyme disease no
not like a tetanus that's it tetanus is
in one of these and the other has
smallpox so which one does which a
tetanus will lead to paralyzation
eventually and smallpox will lead to
death not quickly though right
well no disease works too quickly right
what's the fastest act like a incubation
time for a fatal disease out there Ebola
like a day or two I mean even if you
find that like it's gonna be incredibly
hard to find the person with that
disease cholera and shut the [ __ ] up
stop lying against me mister mudan what
the [ __ ] is wrong with you cholera can
kill somebody within 24 hours or
meningitis yes five days per person so
cholera can kill people within two days
but that is not the average kill time
meningitis what about that one
let's see typically they develop within
three to seven days after exposure [ __ ]
what about Ebola how Ebola serious this
is the ancient time people got all sorts
of horrible okay whatever so I have a
public kills too quickly is the problem
that's why it won't ever really take
hold anywhere
I have a black plague Steve what about
rabies ooh that's a good one rabies is
fatal three to eight weeks oh yeah
disease takes of a long time bacterias
got a multiply man botulism so we're
gonna go down the [ __ ] list of your
suggestions botulism the effects of boss
loves it just it doesn't paralyze right
starts in the face and spreads to the
limbs it probably was your inspiration
also for purposes of magic are viruses
and bacteria like considered the same
thing in this world depends on the magic
like what do you mean for your amulet
yeah yeah for that we're talking back to
you or viral infection does that include
poison too no no okay that's why it's a
disease okay so I have one botulism vial
mm-hmm and one tetanus file which parrot
which only paralyzes ya tetanus causes
lockjaw it'll paralyze the jaw and other
joints like slow down and freeze up and
then the person starts death because
they can't open their mouth Jesus so
neither of these kind of [ __ ] can I
request antidotes to these as well
disease you have your
necklace that is the antidote I thought
that's why you're doing this or whatever
he wants a backup in case it doesn't
work okay um okay whatever one pound of
these files are there anything yeah no
there is no study of disease whatsoever
you have clerics who just cast cure
disease and it's solved can I um
get the donkey some like the donkey
doesn't freeze to death yeah you can get
the donkey some winter blankets and
stuff thank you how much could as cure
disease work like let's say somebody has
like Down syndrome can you cure disease
that a Down syndrome is a chromosomal
disorder and yeah a bacterial or viral
infection so cure disease only carries
bacterial or viral infections Steve what
cuz he's a virus we're ready for the
threads on mr. Mouton to go up guys I'm
ready okay I may be ready going all
right
let's visit mr. wizard one more time Oh
4xp
Jacob yeah so at the end of the week you
head back to the Sheep you can be
greeted again by the guards who leave
you in a waiting room for a little while
until the wizard comes and fetches you
and brings you back down to his little
laboratory underground two guards are
here as well
biggest ones are playing dice instead of
cards as I sit at their table their
shields are against the walls yours are
against the walls but they still got
their breastplates on and their
chainmail leggings and Jacobs as well
friends I have learned a little bit
about the stabilization of this portal I
think if I get a group of small wizard
instead of needing one powerful wizard
to open it large enough a few small with
low-ranking wizards might be able to
combine their spells to expand it or
maybe one wizard who is very focused on
that task
so I think we can open it large enough
to get anybody through but the problem
is once you're on the other side we
would have no idea when you would need
it opened again so you would either have
a short window of time to go in and out
only a minute before it closes or we
would have to agree on a time for it to
be opened again but keeping track of
time with any accuracy is a feat beyond
any any mortal means so I don't know how
we would arrange this thing nor do I
know if time passes the same way on the
other side of this portal well I imagine
we could test the time pretty easily so
somebody could stick their arm through
the portal yes mm-hmm so if we have to
hourglass is constructed of similar make
and one person inserts it through the
portal and holds their arm out and then
brings it back in we can compare the
hourglasses
afterwards to see if time passes
similarly in both realms that's a very
clever idea
okay then we could probably send
somebody when we go through if we go
through with an hourglass and we could
try to return within a certain time
frame when the sands have run out you
reopen the portal and we come back yeah
I'm not going into this portal though
that's an adventure for another day well
we still don't know it looks beyond and
there's no way to know without opening
it I'd like to be careful before
anything gets opened okay is there
anything else
um I've written to the Archmage in width
Ranma Renta the capital I haven't
received word back yet
you know messages takes some time to
travel birds yeah I think we should be
Birds slow hmm yes I sent the letter by
foot I didn't want you know the bird
doesn't make it if it dies and someone
picks up the letter I wouldn't want
anyone to know what it's here I I used a
secret messenger from the from the
Baroness herself what's his name
that's a secret oh well it's a secret I
said hold or I will tell him or her so
it's a boy or girl for a goblin yes does
lesson does lessor restoration cure
disease in this world I do not believe
it does you can cure you can end either
a one disease or one condition
afflicting it yes laceration does do
disease do either of you guys bartered
thanked have that have access to that I
do swap out spells I'm like a long rest
like other classes or or it's not like a
sorcerer thing or Center I don't
remember I don't remember which classes
do that let me check I believe it was
bars can never cast swap spells but
jurors can level up but I don't know
so druids can change their spells on a
long rest okay there we go
yep
Bard's I don't think bards can though
only Lily needs it right yeah that's the
restoration yes before we head out can I
ask Fiona
uh what do you do you think we're
missing anything do you think we need
anything else to bring I'll show her the
donkey of all the supplies no I can't
think of anything but I've never been in
snow before old also wait the good berry
[ __ ] we have that as well don't we you
know didn't like giving good berries to
like downed people to bring them back
but if we have good berries that
actually completely solves our hunger
problems I think we have that oh that's
true yeah so we don't need any rations
yes if you don't need rations then you
no longer even need the donkey yeah dump
all that [ __ ] goodbye don't got rid of
that donkey get out of your dick okay
excellent so you had all the supplies
you could need we think we don't need it
we have good berries what I need food
good berries seem like it would be one
of the most important spells in the
entire land it's a very useful spell
yeah well I could you imagine not
needing any agriculture for your entire
city like your industry would be crazy
that seems like is it a long yes the
thing is it's probably in people per
first level spell slot so you wouldn't
be able to feed a whole city on good
berries unless you have like an entire
Conclave of druids who devoted their
life to producing food ever seen Mad Max
I guess do it we want to at least bring
some
enough like so we don't have to waste
long her spells right so tonight I swap
for lots of restoration and good thing
yeah if you want wait I have a I have a
suggestion for that too that we'd only
need lesser restoration if the necklace
doesn't work right mom and just be good
to have it in general unless you're
giving up a really good spell for it
what if we poison somebody we want to
unpause in somebody what if we want to
disease somebody and then use the fact
that their disease and the death is
eminent works have you ever seen The
Princess Bride yes okay remember at the
end now you make me available Enoch
where he's gonna make people not drink
my [ __ ] but if I propose it well he
knows now because I just made the
reference but if I propose a glass of
wine to somebody and I drink from it and
they drink from it and they're diseased
I'm not diseased because I have the
pendant right but let's say instead of
wanting to kill the person we use the
fact that they're diseased now and we
leverage their life against them for a
negotiation right if we've got somebody
with your disease we can promise a cure
for them if they give us the information
we need right or pray for some other
only protects one person so I would be
protected no no you can't like put it on
somebody and cure disease and friends it
from take hold but um I also think that
the lesser restoration I mean that's it
that's a pretty it's pretty small
I don't know when would that happen
it's okay whatever you guys okay the
party can hop on a ship leaving the city
behind and sailing to bond unto Seir
that will get us bu arrived a week later
so you'll arrive at the very end of
February so I'm gonna need you guys to
pay out your your monthly expenses right
here which is 120 gold
yeah it's February now oh it's sort of
March time passes like one day at a time
and I last on our last episode we
probably passed almost 16 17 days yeah
because the boat travel to one area was
about seven days and then back was about
seven days yes a hundred and twenty gold
please
anyways we're not that rich anymore
we're still rich we're not that rich
okay all right
the party hopped ship sails to bond on
bond unto sire and you will arrive there
on the 1st of March why don't we take
one last final break yeah so anyway we
can try to level up before like doing
any small jobs
I will swab the poop deck on the ship
for an XP anything like literally
anything one crumb of an XP Koivu or did
we were all for encounters maybe some
griffiths or something we're trying to
attack the boat what if we all sing you
a song we'll sing you a song we will
serenade you let me consider these
things while we take a break and when we
come back well we'll roll some dice and
see what happens ok alright
3 oh wait I don't catch it after breaks
okay yeah we'll see you guys a bit we're
doing great how you doing Lily I'm doing
fantastic when neo was thinking about
giving us that extra boost of exp we
need to fill yes and I believe we have
reached some sort of compromise that
will make all parties happy let's hear
it new I heard that you are all gonna
serenade me together and won the round
it is wrapped we're singing know we're
sing oh my god
wait wait wait oh my god Lily can you
[ __ ] play the hoedown music do you
know what I'm talking about from oh my
god from whose line is it anyway please
tell me you can do this yeah do google
it holy [ __ ] whose line is it anyway
hoedown I don't know how to do this how
do we do it really just an NGO have you
never seen a whose line is it anyway 19
yeah
oh my god I've been playing this game
since before you were born
how'd you know whose line is anyway but
not that point right okay
Lily here's the sheet music I sent it to
you isn't there usually like a theme
over the hoedown for a master pianist
like yourself this should be easy
you could sight-read this destroy it I'm
gonna do it like pollen done hold it
[Music]
Lily you should have been practicing
during break you were close that was
basically it
[Music]
what do we do during the hoedown
we'd sing these spouts of [ __ ] yeah
Koivu is a great DM who gives us lots of
quests
gets really mad when he we turn his game
into a mess Koivu always hates when we
[ __ ] with his NPCs but koi Boo is a
great DM
he will make it right well that's the
guy yeah he will give me XP oh yeah
there we go
you've got to do your own verse that's
right it's the hoedown and then he
chooses the best at the end to play
we're wasting all of our dying and he's
making me boring but Co is a cute guy
but he has a wife
[Laughter]
ready Lily one more one more good boy
boo boo boo gives us lots of XP because
he loves me and all of us together
combined and there you go yeah we still
need Lily's hoedown
[Music]
that was like the whole [ __ ] home at
school home instead of being at school
that is the blowing up school song as
far as I'm concerned okay
but Lily didn't have a yeah you need to
sing a verse Lily you can just say
you're gonna sing the melody we can hear
with your beautiful voice we can imagine
[Music]
why Lily that was amazing it has to be
this one
that's the hoedown oh there we go
you guys did great everyone gets one
experience why should we have done those
before the break now we're gonna spend
the rest of the time well unfortunately
we didn't have the idea before the break
so everybody gets an experience point we
will all level up our characters and
then we will I guess we'll just start
the very beginning of our quest and so
everyone's at six four five zero
everybody levels up please add one level
to all of your character sheet six four
five zero right 6500 level five no yeah
yeah oh my god been here before
yeah level five feels pretty pretty high
level
level five is legit so while we level up
first things first let's do some
experience and let's just got experience
hit dice and let's go down the line
starting with nevets roll us I believe
it's a one da plus zero for your new HP
one da plus zero yep coins how Maddie
you when I roll the 7 be honest here
comes right here boys 1 okay next up is
Lenny and rolled me one D 12 plus 2 very
nice
that'll bring you to 52 hit points like
next up is Toki roll me a 1d 8 plus 1
no oh not bad I'll bring you 234 and
Daffy not but last but not least 1 d 8
plus 0
you'll be at 22 damn
ok oh man also coming along at 5th level
everyone gets a little something
barbarian you get one extra attack and
you get a fast movement and everyone
gets a plus 1 to their proficiency bonus
so all of your attacks are plus 1 all of
your trained skills are a plus 1 things
are good do you know what fast movement
extra attack do I know what I mean I
assume the extra tag is if I attack I
get another attack as a gymnast yep and
fast movement your speed is just 10
faster and the extra attack is not about
as acting direct grants you just take 2
attacks whenever you take the attack
action another question is where do I do
that proficiency thing is automatically
calculated yep you should see all of
your attack roles are now plus 6 instead
of plus 5 um my attack roles are plus 7
o + 7 + 7 + 6 then go you because you
have really high strength don't you yeah
yeah but I think they were plus 7 before
mm-hmm they're plus it was 2 before 2 &
4 from your strengths and now it's 3 & 4
from your strengths
so you're good okay Bard
your Bartok inspiration becomes a d8
instead of a d6 which is better and you
get font of inspiration which is a new
class feature beginning it well
beginning when you reach the fifth level
you regain all expended uses of Bartok
inspiration when you finish in short
rest instead of a long rest so every day
you get back all your Bartok inspiration
charges which means it is time to use up
now it means use them all the time
hell yeah next up is our druid at fifth
level you get a a proficiency bonus of
course and you get third level spells
Lily Alexi DAF you get third level
spells - I think mm-hmm DAF you get to
learn one more additional spell Toki you
can memorize one additional spell and
you also get to both of you get to third
level spell slots you're gonna wanna
eyes on your sea voyage you're gonna
want to maybe jot down we learn we learn
how many you suppose you get to third
level spell slots my gaff you can learn
a new one new spell and you can change
one old spell if you want like if you
want to get rid of a spell and replace
it with something better you can do that
and then you also get one new one one
new level three right it can be any
level
I recommend level three because there's
good [ __ ] in there question quavo doing
it plus eight since I have a plus one
weapon because when I looked up before I
was already hitting it plus seven and I
have a magic long sword ah yes you
didn't you're oh your level didn't
change on your character sheet there Oh
Julio and mr. rogue you get uncanny
dodge and your sneak attack becomes 3d
six instead of 2d six damage yep I've
changed both okay and on candy dodge is
when attacker that you can see hits you
with an attack you can use a reaction to
have the tax damage against you which is
sweet all right
that is our class level ups our
spellcasters will take a little time to
learn and memorize their new spells and
that you will arrive in bond unto Seir
the small
found that you were just down a little
while ago as you guys hop off your boat
and move through the streets Daffy you
are approached by a beautiful woman with
long black hair that comes down to like
maybe the small of her back
tired back in a ponytail with multiple
red ribbons that go down it
she's got gold and jewelry dangling from
her ears a long chain necklace that dips
well into her cleavage and she walks up
to you
bats her eyes at you and says Oh Daffy
you're in town again
hmm yes why don't you tell me well you
know you know you it's uh so nice to see
you again by the way but I'm you know I
have allah sometimes I lose track of
time I've been so so so busy as you can
see you know work all the time brings
you here you were working quite a lot
last time you were here yes but uh you
know we all need Briggs from work don't
we I thought that was a break or maybe I
worked you too hard maybe this time I
can take a break with you my lady hmm
anyway how have you been well lovely I
was just out for a stroll when I saw you
disembarking some creatures with you oh
these are um my employees my friends hey
chase hmm mm-hmm is uh Toki nevets I
mean uh Steven Timmy and Looney I see
mm-hmm mm-hmm
well won't you both all come to my
estate tonight I would love to have you
for dinner
why me do I remember this girl no
[ __ ] idea
this is what happens when you miss a
week wait you do you okay okay um okay
uh where where is your state have you
have you move down you are you still in
the same place I'm still in the same
place um well I'm getting older and my
sense of direction is fading maybe you
can leave me there she seems a little
off put that you don't want to play
games and follow me and she wouldn't
lead you to her estate like right now
are you doing that I think this is a
trap I don't know what this girl is at
all
you don't remember the events of the
last time you were here you were in I've
been here would Lenny recognise her see
if you remember faces you recognize her
there was a moment where you went to a
staff something and he was talking to
this woman she had long hair the ribbons
in it is it the girl who is at the bar
that he was drinking with or is it
someone it was someone other than that
okay yeah the [ __ ] around for him Lenny
doesn't care Lenny doesn't care all
right
the party can head to the noble woman's
estate and I think it becomes pretty
apparent to her well I don't know daph
give me a deception check to hide the
fact that you don't remember her play it
off I'm working my ass off I'm really
I'm really I'm really going for this one
I rolled it too I rolled it too are you
kidding me this died so bad I have a ten
in deception a ten are you you're a
great liar but I guess around her you're
getting a little tongue-tied because as
you get to the estate and you're looking
around as if it's the first time you've
been here
peacocks are headed to whom goes Daffy
don't tell me you don't remember being
here it was it was very very late I uh I
had a lot to drink that night if you
remember you I got quite a bit it didn't
seem to hinder you then deaf what's her
name her name yes what is my name
well you see I know a lot of names she
walks through the estate door and slams
it behind her leaving you guys out in
the cold
well I'm saved you guys thank you to
another tavern shaking her head long way
all right
you arrived at this tavern here in bond
unto Seir you can set out as early as
the next day it had a tray up and the
snowy hills that surround it is there
anything you want to do before we set on
our journey because once we leave there
ain't no supplies there ain't no turning
back how do we get back where is this
boat dropping us off are we walking from
bond unto Seir would have undone this
year yeah they're walking from there
what's her name was her name Sandra my
dad walks to the bar is it Sandra Lenny
wants to fight something ASAP ASAP well
then let's just get the hell out of town
if there's nothing left for you to do
here then you can set out the next day
into the frost lands and begin your
journey okay so what is the marching
order oh there's a scout coming with you
as well our Scout is a a halfling man
named turnip turn it turn up because he
always turns up in time it's a pun it's
a play on it's a play on words it's
turnip but he turns up
halfling so he's a i'll be fair farmers
and they're always like digging around
in the ground they all have like cute
names like mushroom or turn it or i
thought it was good quick okay policy
he'll tell us turn up he's to for
there's a little bit shorter than nevets
wow yeah hi i'm susan alongside you guys
skipping about leading you through the
frost lands and I guess turn up is in
the front who is behind turn up I'll be
behind turn up wait no me for marching
order okay no you can be behind him I'll
be behind Lily
Lenny can be behind turn up and I'll be
besides Lenny that's fine
oh wow you're [ __ ] mixing it up you
want to hold my hand mom of course Lenny
I'd love to hold her hand she's my mom
she said she owes my mom oh yeah alright
you are heading through the frost lands
not weird at all okay and Lenny provides
me with happiness from his simple smiles
well as Katarina pointed out I'm very
old
so my old-fashioned values are just
quarries traditionally does only human
and odorous mixing I'd like the freedom
to you can do as you please so you are
heading through the snowy
Rost lands here it is cold I don't think
any of you have ever been in snow before
the going is slow even though you've got
like a little cleats on your shoes to
help you get grip you'll still be
walking and then sink in a little bit
and have to pull yourselves out you move
at a much much slower pace than you
would over normal ground yeah the
terrain before you it's fairly open
there's some rolling hills but there
aren't very many trees not yet you don't
maybe some birds in the distance the the
ground cover is minimal mostly just like
lumps or excursions in the ground that
have been covered so they're kind of
like these snowy ball things all over
the place if you dig around and then you
might find the occasional bush old and
frozen and you trudged through the snow
for two days actually let me get us do
we need a guys without trees has no
Tracy I don't know that's a great
question
pass without trace will allow you to
move without leaving any tracks so when
you do you want to do that is the
question well the question is it's this
is worth listening man unless you have a
new rules I'm gonna last for an hour
right like right is this or wait what
kind of spell is this so we should wait
until again we get really close right
until we're like around here does this
use up a level to spell slot yes okay
dude yeah but only one hour so we're
saving this until like we feel like we
need to disguise where we're going okay
on your second day of travel the the
area around you still there's not much
wind there are small ice crystals kind
of falling from the sky as we're
traveling just because I'm curious can I
take measurements of the snow to see if
it deepens at all yeah so at the very
beginning when you first start crossing
into the snow it's quite shallow and as
you go it gets deeper to the point that
it's maybe uh somewhere between four
inches and a foot kind of depending on
the shape of the terrain so let's call
it an average of like a eight inches of
depth okay and
depth doesn't substantially increase
over the course of two days it stays
about eight inches okay um I have
dangerous sense do it do I feel anything
like weird do I feel uh things off
shouldn't be absolutely every my reading
a tag day here what's you are you always
have an attack readied I'm ready now
yeah I think that you're always feeling
uh in danger as my point none this place
has an uncanny stillness to it and just
a quiet that you have never really heard
before Lenny will be like um he'll have
his sword out and like his shield up
each I guess also unfolds on top of um
on top of what Lenny has also observant
so too we get like I should have a bonus
to my passive perception and
investigation scores so I guess it's no
traveling you okay yeah each of your
footfalls makes a loud sort of crunching
noise that dominates the soundscape
around you and when you stop to catch
your breath
it's that mean the only sounds - here
are the the people next to you breathing
on your second day of travel you come
across a small frozen pond and it is on
the other side of this pond that Lenny's
danger sense really begins to make the
hairs on the back of his neck stand up
and nevets observant feet draws his eyes
to this large mound of snow that like
sticks up on the other side of this
frozen cool it looks unlike any of the
other mounds of snow you've seen which
thus far which have been like rocks
covered or bushes covered this is
multiple mounds of snow sort of like
stacked on top of each other
how far as
forty feet from you I ready in a sec
okay your attack is ready hmm
is there's just a moment just sitting
there yeah it's just it's just a weird
mound of snow that sends shivers down
your spine hmm and it's about 40 feet
from us yeah I charged it all right
Lenny runs at the pile of snow you got
40 feet of movement so you can close the
gap to it you're a little bit behind the
first person so you can get up to it on
this round you as Lenny is running can I
move my fault use my full movement to
just stay behind him kind of I have 25
moves speed so I would be to like 15
behind I guess yeah so you can move up
to 50 he has 40 move speed because he's
a barbarian
so he can move up a little bit closer
than you are I do two attacks it'll this
round you can only get there oh because
the the lead guy was 40 feet from it but
you guys were like 50 feet because we're
a little bit behind the lead guy let me
bring you to a a small snowy math where
I have outlined the weird pile of snow
so Lenny gets up to it nevets is running
behind it
turnip is standing there kind of
watching curiously not really doing
anything
what uh what about death and Toki okay
so you both close the gap yeah I'm
pretty on edge sure the next round comes
unless anyone wants to cast a spell or
do anything but I think you I'll used
your all your movements on on all your
actions on movement and then it's
Lenny's turn Lenny will attack and I'll
rear oh those yeah man attack the snow
20 is a kid 14 is a hint on the snow 17
damage to the snow you do 17 damaged
snow you hack into it your long sword a
big chunk
falls to the ground guess it nothing I
guess which is when it begins to move
and anime itself it was something yeah
we are gonna leave it here for the day
and when we come back next session we're
gonna start combat with this elemental
we can't kill it now there I heard
someone has a heart out in about 25
minutes
oh yeah that was even great thanks Louis
I call them out well Lenny would rage by
the way no that's okay Lily it's alright
25 minutes we can kill this alright
let's do it let's do it go ladies yes
easily all right let's roll initiative
everybody roll it okay I rage last round
by the way taking it up machine is there
supposed to be music playing right now
there is right now I do refreshing
oh [ __ ] maybe I should know
Oh spooky
all right so the first person to act
sorry
descending is gonna be nevets the short
footed no short-statured sure-footed
halfling true okay I'm going to move I
have 25 feet of movement
this move is twenty five point five is
that okay good okay and then I'm going
to move around the end I'm gonna take my
uncanny or my um oh god what is it
cunning my cunning I think allows me to
take a bonus action a - yes or on the
other side here and then I'm going to
attack with my rapier all right strike
the elemental and this is an advantage
yes 25 to hit that will definitely hit
12 points of damage plus my snake attack
is another 15 points of damage
Oh 27 a huge chunk of damage as you rip
into the elemental no has resistance
from non magical weapons so Lennie's
weapons did full yours will do half so
27 divided by 2 is 13 of course all
right
that is nevets turn Daffy is there are
there 2 musics playing right now two
tracks yes there is a cold freezing
track and then there's a battle okay you
don't hear anything
refresh it I had a refresher yeah or
check the gear tab and make sure the
volume slider is up I'll just wait okay
now I will I don't think I really want
you guys look like you're doing great
things over there so I think what I'm
going to do
I think that I'm just gonna frickin give
my teammate some boosts
I think I'm gonna play my little and
give my friends a barbecue inspiration
bye
I will give plenty of Bartok inspiration
alright that is gonna be plus 1 d6 to
any I'm sorry plus 1 d8 to any attack
role or saving throw so use it or lose
it that's it you can show all right a
little bit I'll only use my magic my
magic stones mm-hmm all right you cast
magic stone right and then I believe you
make an attack roll you touch one two
three pebbles and beat them with magic
blah blah blah blah blah so you make an
attack roll with your wisdom modifier as
your proficiency bonus so it's gonna be
one D twenty plus three plus four so one
D 20 plus seven to hit a 17 will do it
you hit the frozen snow elemental and
you will do I believe it's 1 d6 plus
your wisdom on fire damage yeah 1 d6 +
for damage
[Music]
six damaged six damaged
not bad I also use this time to go to
death and give her some tokens - yeah
you can hand out you have two pebbles
remaining do you want to give them both
sedap or just one - Daffy okay
it is the snow elementals turn and it is
going to use a spell like ability mm-hmm
a cold wind begins to blow off of the
elemental and whirl around it in a
spiral pattern anyone within ten feet of
the elemental is going to need to make
me a saving throw so that is the two of
you in melee with it
ADC 15 Constitution saving throw DC 15
Corbeau yes it is a tough one
fail from mouton don't have any
advantage okay yikes
alright wait can I use my Bartok
inspiration on this that's a great
question I think so
daph can you confirm yes on Sigma throws
yeah everything I would like to use my
Bartok inspiration on saving you can use
it before you roll a d20 yep we let me
use it fun yes you can use it you're
supposed to say before I declare success
or failure but say is it the Bartok
expression is only on him right yeah
so you will take half of this damage and
nevets will take the full I think of a
half
cuz I'm raging and I'm resistant to
everything
are you resistant to cold damage
literally I think everything everything
but psychics yeah and yes you will take
a quarter nevets will take 15 you will
take 4 and let's see nevets is going to
be slowed by this as per the slow spell
so do doop do the affected creatures
speed is have you take a penalty of 2 to
AC and dexterity saving throws you can't
use reactions I'm just gonna put the
slow spell in chat so you can see it all
that'll be easier how do i how I roll
you
here you go you should see a spell pop
up in front of you right now somehow
that's the easiest way to do it so that
is the effect of the slow on you
that is the elementals primary action
yeah and it is done
Lenny it's your turn
Lenny is going to attack twice all right
that's one that's the other and I have
advantage to 18 16 18 is gonna KITT 16
is gonna hit and you have a magic weapon
so you will do 20 to old damage that is
some sweet damage and can I also use my
bonus action of shield mastery to
attempt to shove it down mm-hmm and then
I guess that uh athletics athletics
check 20 okay and you're gonna knock it
prone yep that's the Google so it
opposes you it gets a 19 but it isn't
elemental and it cannot be proud if you
like knock it to the side the snow just
like reforms and changes shape again it
is part of nature it cannot be prone
interested it defies the rules loud next
round nevets started off your slowed do
I get penalty to attack roles on this I
just can't do a bonus action - really -
to penalty - 8 no AC index saving throws
yeah ok so then I can take my my normal
rapier attack 21 that's for 8 damage and
then I can do sneak attack because it's
not a bonus action correct correct
8 so that should be 8 damage altogether
I can't use a bonus action I could move
but I'd provoke an attack of opportunity
so I think I just end my turn and then I
get to make a wisdom saving call this
one's based on cold instead of magic so
con saving throw there's a magical cold
Koivu it is a magical cold but it's not
attacking your wisdom it's attacking
your so somebody shoots magical fire at
me would that be a con
instead of a wisdom save this is usually
a deck save to dodge fire okay quit is
it still DC 15 yes I don't care you
don't even give a [ __ ] all right
you are no longer slowed death okay I am
going to I'll do the same I'll take a
shot with my short will actually alright
you mean rolled a hit
yeah 21 hits the arrow lands in the snow
elemental ceiling like the sharp Oh word
underneath the roll dealing two points
of damage cuz it takes half from your
weapon they're just kind of sticks it in
limply falls out my bonus action all
give right Nemitz you are inspired Lenny
he no longer is Toki okay move I can't
like go to nevets and cast a spell right
you can move 25 feet alright 20 hits the
snow elemental good rolls its turn rolls
around it Reese's of its ability
recharges and it does not and the snow
elemental will make two attacks as it's
a body sort of shifts and there become
these like long protruding hammer arms
on the side of it and it will spin one
blow going towards Lenny one blow going
towards nevets so this one is against
Lenny and 9 to hit is no good and this
one's against nevets in 18 that will you
will take 20 bludgeoning damage it
[ __ ] knocks you out hard you were
unconscious Lenny okay I'm gonna
recklessly attack mm-hmm and I'm gonna
attack twice all right over 12
no 18 you mean you got advantage yeah
shehram reckless attacking oh yeah
you're right my man yeah 12 damage and
14 damage
28:26 to the ice elemental snow
elemental it is now just sort of like oh
it doesn't even look like a concealed
concentric balls now it's just sort of
like this awkwardly tilted lump of snow
that seems almost to be weeping or
melting despite the frigid temperatures
near you nevets give me your first death
saving throw here you go all right DAF I
mean not to I don't know why it said I
will give a nice fat heal
wait do I add I have Bartok inspiration
do I add that to my death saving Gora no
no you will need to get close enough to
him to heal him unless you have a ranged
healing spell do you cure wounds needs
to touch him so you have a healing word
or something to him it's gonna be like
yeah you're not gonna be able to kill
him until next round
and I'll move over here wait Kenneth
here mm-hmm yeah yeah that's about it
and he's been doing a lot of range stuff
right
so can I move here
that's too far that's fine that's fine
yeah yeah that's good
all right I'm going to take a shot at
him with my bow from here wait all right
I'm you rolled ahead I can't get to use
I just oh I didn't say that was mr.
Menon Oh
roll the hit the short bow ignoring the
magic stone in your pocket oh thank you
hits that's lesson 9 piercing damage is
reduced to war leaving the ice elemental
at the thinnest sliver of HP Toki I have
more stones that's a country it's a
bonus action so I should always have
pebbles right yeah I guess it's a can
trip then you always have pebbles I'm
gonna rule to it we just hope Lennie oh
you hit and it's that one HP so it dies
make a roll the damage yeah she does
[Music]
elemental gets hit by the ball and just
blows away like a sheet like a thin
sheet of snow in a storm and just over
to Nevitt all right and medicine check
you many roll is still killing I'm just
a late uh I guess I should roll medicine
check first right
yeah cuz he's gotta make a death saving
throw before anything goes he's got a 5%
chance of death of death whoo you patch
them together just barely Lenny you
think
how do you patch him up with your big
brain I just put my hand over treats it
like a dyke and just puts his finger in
stops the blood all right
the party is safe and sound your first
denizen of the snow lands you have found
and defeated we are gonna end our
session here today when we come back we
will continue to the fraud through the
frost lands to cinder Springs and
investigate what lies beyond can I say
when I would ever old on my death
savings oh I'm gonna see if Lenny beat
my life death was in the cards for me
thanks well that's it for this week's
let's do some shoutouts real quick
Lily hi I'm destiny yeah we might be
doing that after my thing tonight I
might go and do a spicy chip challenge
with Lily I'm or probably unless she
cancels again we'll say yeah if it
doesn't happen tonight it's because she
cancelled so stop it okay Rena shout
your self out go mr. mu Tony mr. mu Tong
twitch.tv slash mr. mu Tong go to deci -
GG / shirt Wow quite but what's your
next dandy campaign you got coming up I
got some stuff on shenanigans and then
on Sunday we've got hardcore heroes
they're doing a big dungeon delve that's
two level nine characters in second
edition and then later on Sunday we've
got mr. Mouton doing desperate measures
with as your wind will kills and want to
MEC do you want to do XP now or do we
just on to the next session no we'll
roll all of this into the end of the
quest XP amazing I'll just give it all a
few at the end
awesome that's it see you guys next week
sounds I love you guys I'll see you
later bye
right he's not gonna get surprised all
right the three of them are lounging
down there they've all gone back to the
reclined positions
