Stephen what's up I'm trying to learn a
new champion which one it's a surprise
okay Albert look I got questions okay
I'm trying to mess around with the
lights okay so I have like I've got this
guy right here that's like a normal I
think this is like a 5000 degree like
super bright I've got this guy over here
which I have a gel on so the light is a
little bit warmer and then I've got a
blue guy back here so yeah three lights
basically Yeah right now yeah and then I
have like the main camera I still need
to [ __ ] I haven't changed like any of
the settings at all yet this is the
actual camera the keep forgetting the
name the depth of field I was like
really extreme I don't know if I would
want at this extreme I need to change
the angle on it as well in terms of like
lighting I feel like this lighting looks
like pretty good but I want to I want
more in the back I wanna have like cool
[ __ ] Albert you've got like cool [ __ ]
lights what can I do to make it even
cooler if I had like a small shelf or
something it's really hard because I
because I have your exterior my mind so
much I'm trying to copy a completely
well you might like a bookshelf in the
back with like one of those like are
using the Philips hue bulbs or whatever
I use like a Chinese brand but they
don't flicker the Philip hue bulbs will
strobe a little bit because the fresh
straight or I don't know what that
actually think huh the exactly term
about the Refresh yes yeah causes like a
rolling shutter factor some dumb [ __ ] or
whatever right yeah just you can see
like banding and the light that it emits
and it bothers me so I have this other
one that's like a free having like a
little black with like a red light like
back in this area I feel like would be
[ __ ] awesome like a like a reddish
light back here like a dark red or
something like what you have or like a
reddish purple or something yeah also
are you allowed to put stuff into the
walls for saying what do you mean by
that
like like instead of putting a bookshelf
I could imagine like you have floating
shelves in that corner
I mean like just with like like nailing
something in the wall or whatever Shh
yeah thank is okay because don't people
eat any terms in apartments so if you
have floating show
you can really because I have a
opportunity like three of them it would
look very cool and you can put like LED
light like strips on those in addition
to putting stuff on them wait wait wait
hey Lily hallway is like that's really
what we're doing right now that's what I
have to suffer with scar says I should
try learning more aggressive champions
and it will help my play style in
general he's a just a yossel so I'm
going to play a hundred games of yah so
this is my second one that's actually a
really that's actually really good
advice if that's what you really I do
yeah sure
ignite
and I give the Beasties
[Music]
I'll take your Prius to see ya [ __ ]
dead man
Oh oh my god I just wish it a lot of
buttons there you
Karthus keeps holding me back
let's see they going to do something
here
[Music]
- there's Esther
[Music]
Lily Lily
oh yeah I forgot because I'm playing oh
my god
okay I can't go top out cuz I'm gonna
[ __ ] start calling people names and
getting banned in this game I need like
a mr. Minnick oh there we go mad or
something oh yeah I can't go anywhere
like alone kid I played a calzone I'm
gonna see a mouse after this
initiative candid volibear
beta male I meant oh my god back in
handy thank you pit this is easy kill
easy kill easy Joe easy kill he's so
squishy don't be scared don't be scared
here I don't have my period under me
okay he doesn't have any flashes or so
alright alright he went you're needing
one
the game
don't know it at least you won that's
all that matters at the end of the day
right I'm one starvin listen you won you
got one kill don't tell me what to do
you're gonna do this well I hope you
guys think so you're welcome right babe
thank you no problem I'm trying really
hard
that wasn't even taxi oh my god alright
we did not
item now Lily I'll get you in real life
Lily Lily look at these kills that they
set up for you okay well you just ride
the Dominion lady all right Lily just
watch me if I can handle it beta male
Lily this is your chance Lily this is
your kill Lily
all right guys five minutes I've minute
5 minute five five minutes don't talk
about 500 yep I'll wait for you wait
come in
guys
nice job Oh No hey shake okay you got
him Lily Lily just hit him no that's
right you're gonna get the in him
good then hip give the in him that is
the that is like a you got the in him
Lily Lily Lily I noticed that you walked
top lane oh my god
Lily no you don't need to farm we need
to fight beta male
get the car this Steve just hit him oh
why did I listen I knew the team was
back there - oh [ __ ] well okay so we got
a promise guys it's your problem we're
gonna kill her and then we're gonna run
the bottom oh my god
don't step on the carcass Louie
you were doing great thank you J's
hey Tammy time to go it's time to end
this game right now a game is over this
is the end game we're in the end game
now Steve what movie is it from Batum
it's honestly probably the most fun I've
had in League of Legends in years you're
very special
[Music]
