okay but like I don't think I agree with
you okay so fine I hate myself for doing
this and we can go read about it right
now I'm kinda strumming you but like I
gotta say Dan I respect you because I
thought I was on the handsy commie list
but I saw you post in chat this morning
I wasn't on it
wait feign you're a 100 cent a commie
what am I an anti-communist well cuz Dan
is a list of colonies he blocks in dgg
chat and i thought i was on and i wasn't
well you're not on the i escaped the
purges dude well that's probably just
you keep quiet or you don't say anything
I only get the real obnoxious obvious
communist Oh trust me baby I'm the most
obnoxious of obnoxious well then you
[ __ ] stayed smart not coming after me
that's how I get up he called you baby
um so destiny I have I guess I have two
big ones and a small one you want to go
over them my first one is I want to say
that from cuz you operate from a
utilitarian perspective right we're
basically saying that if you maximize
the happiness of other people that in
turn the society you live in will
maximize your happiness and roundabout
way right hopefully yeah okay cool so I
would argue that a socialist or
communist system would be a much better
job of in a capitalist system than Pat
that right because are you're aware
generally speaking of the diminishing
returns of income and like a capitalist
economy in terms of happiness yeah of
course cool so you would agree that a
society which fills everyone's basic
needs such as shelter food clothing
public education these kinds of things
you're probably gonna have an overall
happier society and a society that
fulfills those things for some of its
people while also giving some of its
people commodities like iPhones internet
whatever whatever did you agree with
that statement [ __ ] I'm so sorry can you
say that last thing again
oh yeah sure I'll just repeat the entire
thing just the last thing about what a
comment society would do better than I
kept this one go sure so a society which
fulfills the basic needs of all of its
citizens food housing shelter clothing
public education things like that would
be an overall happier society than a
society that fills those needs for most
of its people while also giving them
commodities like iPhones fast cars
things like that oh I don't know I'd
have to think about that one
it depends on what we define us like
commodities or more specifically luxury
goods and how many people were talking
so for instance if I could have a
society where 100% of the people are fed
and have houses and all of that [ __ ]
versus a society we're like and it
doesn't have like the Internet
versus a society that is like
ninety-nine point eight percent of all
people found in ba-ba-ba-ba-ba and does
have like the Internet and cell phones
and [ __ ]
I might opt towards the other one it's
being more technology well ninety ninety
eight percent is kind of generous ya
know yeah I'm being generous but I'm
just saying like I don't think it
necessarily follows it depends on how
much of a sacrifice we have to make
we're like consumer goods in show I
don't know that would like if the if our
quality of life like falls so far behind
but I don't know that has to happen but
yeah but I'm sorry I was just calling
because I don't think I would agree with
that in every in every hypothetical
instance sure so I I think I'm with you
on one thing that democracy I think is
inherently flawed right you have these
kind of people who aren't necessarily
educated and have the economy of work
right and frankly you're not gonna vote
to institute a planned economy right it
needs to be a top-down system it needs
to be like you know state-run and I'm an
advocate for a planned economy right
things have solved a lot of these
problems and I would argue that a
planned economy could probably
efficiently allocate resources to solve
the material needs of everyone well most
likely shrinking the a country or a
nation or conglomerates a comment about
how how the [ __ ] do you plan that much
shut up well I would recommend
essentially I'm gonna make the argument
that's put forth in a book you hate
those but I'll talk about called the
People's Republic with Walmart basically
the argument it puts for us is that we
already have large-scale planned
economies in the United States and
globally because you have larger
organization corporations like Walmart
Amazon who essentially their entire
supply chain their entire product line
is a huge plant economy that markets
demand or that measures demand in the
market and produces supply Ryan these
aren't they all cooperate they all share
information they're all running pretty
much automatically right you don't have
three of the market actors within these
corporations haggling with each other
this is the dumbest thing I've ever
heard in my life
you're they're misunderstanding the book
or the book is an incredibly huge waste
of time what you just described is like
not a planned economy like what you just
described will you have like a ton of
different actors involved that are all
dynamically responding to supply changes
or demand changes which they do that's
not a plant economy that's by
finishing and anon plant economy okay
wait so if you have a ban from their
dealer body filled with technocrats
using algorithms to measure demand and
the dynamically responding with state
oriented supply okay so like here's the
problem that with the promise you just
lost oh you just glossed over the hard
part which is using algorithms to
measure so like in a market so how does
how does Walmart and Amazon measured
demand through thousands of different or
tens of thousands of different firms and
individual individual actors on that
every step of the way you've got people
deciding so in a store right like a
manager might decide like hey we need
more of some given product for a supply
chain somebody might decide hey this is
cheaper from this company versus this
company from an export of supply chain
somebody said hey it's cheaper to
produce this product using this means
that this means like throughout like the
individual from that we had we measured
a man like what the consumer wants but I
don't know based on leaking out the
amount of show that people buy right and
the price of the aging they're willing
to spend on products at any given okay
so so great so like tipping to looking
at a much larger scale right so let's
say we have a government right who uses
an automated system of technocratic
bodies right to measure demand the
demand of the consumer being okay okay I
agree with what you're gonna say but
that's because you're glossing over the
hard part what you just said just using
an automated system to measure if that
was solved then I'm 100% on board with
the plant economy like 100 percent but
what you just described is monumentally
[ __ ] hard to do like what the [ __ ]
what do you think the hard part is
accounting for every single step in a
supply chain even in an individual
industry figuring out how to dynamically
adjust the amount of goods or services
produced like that is an incredibly
[ __ ] hard thing to do I can't even
imagine the bureaucratic body that would
be necessary required in order to do
some of the on every single stage of
like production okay so how do you think
that insanely large corporate
corporations like Walmart and Amazon
have largely automated this process of
having this gigantic [ __ ] supply
chain these corporations that have
basically the GDP of a small country
right they manage all of these different
inputs right and produce outputs largely
without like a huge bureaucratic mess
right because clearly they do it right
clearly like Walmart has like hundreds
of thousands of suppliers all over
right clearly they're monitoring this
but not every single thing is like 100
automated Walmart has invested a [ __ ]
ton into their on the system that they
use to like tag products and check like
buys and sells or whatever like there is
a lot of this in the automated but
there's a lot of human-like capital
that's involved in a lot of this
decision-making as well of course right
so what I arguing right is like since
typically when we go into central
planning or just economic planning in
general right we're talking about the
Soviet Union and the problem the Soviet
Union is there's two major issues number
one is that the authoritarian aspect of
central planning can be a little spooky
sometimes right because people are often
incentivized to distort demanders or
supply right because they're afraid of
getting gulag that they can't meet
supply demands and that's a bad thing
and the other thing is that generally
when you are measuring supply and demand
and grain shipping and ship unlike pen
and paper and with like [ __ ] abacuses
and [ __ ] in the 1920s it's very
difficult right and I would argue that
pretty much a hundred years later our
ability to do to economically plan has
increased massively right yeah I mean
like I'm gonna disagree with that yeah I
mean I guess like so like like I've
actually made this not argument but I've
said before that like something that
could be interesting would be the idea
that like AI has come so far that we
could like literally on a computer plan
an entire economy but um man dude I
don't know there's a lot of problems
like even on a smaller scale like [ __ ]
like I'm like are you ever aware of like
the trade wars that H if T's get into
against each other have you ever heard
of [ __ ] like this and like flash crashes
and [ __ ] yeah like there's lots of
[ __ ] [ __ ] that happens in like the
markets every single day because of
weird like automation yeah like and even
for H of teas that are only trading like
stocks or a derivative markets or even
for these things these guys can make
mistakes and trade against each other
and like flash crash the [ __ ] out of a
stock or something and this is a far
more simple question than planning an
entire economy well so the question is
is those those people generally are in
competition with each other right
two people in competition until there
are not sharing information right
they're cooperating right so you're
gonna end up bumping into a lot of those
aspects I mean the book for example it
brings up a counter argument I guess
against like a free market run
corporation called workplaces what
happened to Sears right read this kind
of libertarian crazy bought out Sears
what he did is with an individual Sears
store
individual Sears markets he had
departments compete against each other
right so you had like the tools
Department not sharing information with
like the [ __ ] machinery with the like
laundry department or whatever Sears
Department all right uh-huh
and so what you would have is these
people bumping into massive conflict of
interest or you have instances like the
flash crashes where you're mentioning
right or just dumb [ __ ] would happen
because these people aren't sharing
information they're cooperating right I
think like one of the funny examples
they give is like on the mother's day
Sears catalog there was like a bunch of
powered rules on the front page right
because the power tools department had
just like won the raffle the weird free
market competition raffle for the front
page of the Mother's Day catalog right
which is clearly would be like if you
had a marketing department charge of
that given be [ __ ] power tools in
front of your a month estate catalog
squad W right
yeah don't disagree with us and like
reinventing the wheel over and over
again is probably really stupid and
inefficient inside of a company yeah
right so so I I feel like that if you
have it like so let's say we took the
entire field of economics right and
instead of focusing on the kind of
marginal revolution that we've been
focusing on for the last you know period
of time where people are continually
monitoring the free market and figure
out ways to do best like tinker it a
little bit in this direction in that
direction how to best collect data right
if we figured we directed this field
towards how to best plan an economy
right input academic research towards
economic planning and how to figure out
how to best distribute resources using
the technology that is available to us
and I mean [ __ ] Americans love this a
scientific advancement shift yeah I mean
like yours I don't disagree but your
entire argument is hinging on a
technology that hasn't been invented yet
so like if we theorize that your
technology will work and the way that it
says well then of course your system
would be secure if you could essentially
plan an economy with a god-like
algorithm that would account for all the
human-like needs and could even be more
efficient than capitalism because I
might deal with some waste that
otherwise exists with competing forces
in capitalism that sounds great but like
we're arguing like innovative like
hypothetical technologies that don't
exist yet like we're literally a
technology for the second time right now
we don't need it to be better than
capitalism in terms of like he needs to
allocate everything right all it needs
to happen I think based off my central
premise if like a utilitarian outlook is
that it needs to be able to plan your
basic necessities like housing food and
healthcare right can we keep people
clothed and keep people alive we can
keep them happy on a very basic
and then allocate for Labor production
afterwards I mean I feel like that would
be a better society than we currently
live in all right where I'm playing
classic Wow but like if I broke my
[ __ ] leg today I would be [ __ ]
Brian I can afford this $15
[ __ ] subscription to jump around in
ghosts well I talk to you but I can't
afford like some of the basic medical
necessities of being alive yeah yeah so
I mean like something that would be
really interesting in this area then
would be if somebody were to design an
algorithm like that and then like
regressively run it over like some past
environmental condition and then try to
project in the future that it could like
out-compete like firms that are doing
things right now like that that would be
interesting to me but I mean like I mean
like otherwise we're just arguing like
hypothetical technologies that don't
exist yet I mean if the ticket well then
I'm glad to know that if we can put
together the meta analysis that we can
get you into the Marxist Leninist
tomorrow another thing though that I
took issue with that you said recently I
think you said it today right is uh the
guy was making a [ __ ] point about
NAFTA and about how Mexico is like
harmed by NAFTA and that wasn't
necessarily correct but he was correct
in saying but like capitalism requires
keeping people off poverty and you say
well no capitalism needs buyers right
but capitalism just doesn't need buyers
well she needs producers and as a
supporter of like social democracies do
you think the social democracy would
work if every single country was a
social democracy and had that standard
of living or do you think they're
dependent on some countries like China
or Mexico or parts of Latin America
Africa being essentially just like
mineral farms or later production units
right I don't this is so hard because
like I can't quantify this but like I
mean like I'll appeal to like the very
basic truism that like economics isn't a
zero-sum game that like gains can be
made like all over the world it feels to
me like so maybe this is wrong but it
feels to me like there have been a lot
of different parts in history where
people have said like we can't have
every person living in a house some
people need to be slaves every single
person can own their own like vehicle
you know like some people need to be
like or even more like some people need
to be like serfs are like living on like
feudalist land or whatever or some
people you know can't like like we've
done this over and over and over and
over again in society but it seems like
we have been able to provide a lot of
[ __ ] [ __ ] for
of people that every that maybe
everybody can have like a computer or a
cell phone like maybe these things are
possible so I mean like it feels like at
every stage of these I agree that
everyone can have a computer or cell
phone but I don't agree is that everyone
can kind of have the standard of living
and the political freedoms that like
bourgeois like democracies have I don't
know if that's true though like if we
had like a clean like what everyone
wants like the clean energy revolution
if we could solve for a lot of problems
related to fossil fuels for instance in
the form of like solar and wind I don't
know like a lot of these things become
like a lot more achievable i thing and
these African countries are making like
huge strides toward catching up to us in
terms of standard to live when you look
at like their health expect well sorry
their health expectancies and the
economic gains they've made it's
definitely not at where they're not at
our level of consumption now maybe our
level of consumption isn't possible all
over the world but maybe it is if enough
alternative energies research like I'm
not sure um so like I I think what I
would offer as a counterpoint to this is
generally speaking from like a
historical analysis right in terms of
imperialism right like the reason why we
did quote-unquote imperialism is to the
harvest other country and they were
colonialism specifically rights to
harvest other countries for their
resources right okay in the past years
as empires have kind of shrunk because
they get colonialism imperialism is
harder and harder as people advocate for
their own interests is we've moved too
late for our soft Imperial so I'm like
what China does today we're you know
through the initech International
Monetary Fund or through like debt
ownership in Latin America or South
Africa right we're essentially have like
strangleholds in these countries or like
us for overthrowing countries in Latin
America
right is where we restricted the
country's political freedoms or their
economic freedoms in order to maintain
them as like a manufacturing base right
because obviously what China is trying
to do right now is posture itself to
transition from like a manufacturing
base for America into a sort of consumer
base right similar to America
instead of or I've misspoke there it's
trying to transition for me okay this is
so like honest to god I'm gonna be
totally [ __ ] honest with you okay I
need to do more research on this but I
feel like this is something that I let
people say a lot but I feel like this
probably isn't that true when I look at
like the top trading partners that the
United States has and like we trade with
like what like our top trading partners
aren't like African countries that are
being exploited
like Mexico Canada China Japan Germany
South Korea the United Kingdom France
like is it it is our standard of living
really contingent upon oppressing
countries and like south
America or in Africa now to be clear I'm
sure that we do to some extent whether
it's to support people for geopolitical
games or whatever or maybe there's some
supply but are you really telling me
that like if we stopped like those forms
of economic impression that our [ __ ]
would just completely [ __ ] collapse
and fall apart like is that actually a
lot in a lot of ways yes like this is
not fair I'm not trying to push you when
I get specific but yeah I'm super
curious like the history of the
production of the iPhone like are you
aware of like how Steve Jobs got such a
lucrative like contracting of those
materials right because you understand
like all of our technology runs on
[ __ ] like silicon right sure which is
like mind I think in certain yeah yeah
well I like that we specifically
destabilized like the Congo I think to
mine silicon right I mean Steve Jobs is
an interesting example this because he
and Apple I guess as a conglomerate a
Steve Jobs himself but they got a
lucrative contract on to essentially
manufacture all the parts of the iPhone
overseas in Asia right way way way under
cost' because the government over there
subsidizes it and the reason why the
subsidizes is because United States
booked like an Apple as a like arm of
the United States essentially put
pressure on this industry through the
political process and said hey country
this would be really good for a country
from the United Sates perspective right
if this company did this right so the
country okay it so like real quick so
real quick okay like I don't I don't
deny that it's happened before where we
[ __ ] with countries and [ __ ] what I'm
suspect of is like do we really need to
continually oppress countries or is it
happening such a level that that's
necessary for our economy to thrive or
would it just mean that like there would
be marginal increases in prices for
things like cellphones and [ __ ] like
well like when you say like marginal
like I would probably wager that if like
Apple wasn't able to get such a
lucrative contracts like getting these
materials at such a high subsidy like
the iPhone wouldn't be it wouldn't have
worked in market right it wouldn't have
went to market it would have been
successful because it would cost so
[ __ ] much that it would have been
bike buying a Ferrari right like lit
like that some of the the data I mean
the [ __ ] I'm playing a classic Wow on a
computer there all of this [ __ ] in this
[ __ ] computer comes from somewhere in
Africa right all these micro processors
all the [ __ ] my graphics card right this
[ __ ] isn't being mined in Tennessee
right
if Africa if that country in Africa had
a sustainable political democracy right
where these materials are being mined
sustainably by workers being paid a like
livable minimum wage
right and these people all had political
freedoms and they had at the ability to
self-advocate I would argue that these
products would not be available to the
average consumer like myself and like
that's what I'm curious about because
this is like an important claim like
let's say that these people did make
livable wages and everything like why
are you telling me what a computer like
what a $2,000 computer now cost $50,000
or what it cost like two thousand three
hundred dollars like that's what I'm
really curious about well I I would
agree with you if it didn't seem like we
went through such lengths to like keep
doing this right okay but like I don't
think I agree with you okay so fine I
hate myself for doing this and we can go
read about it right now I'm tryna
strumming you but like I don't feel like
what you're saying about the Congo is
true like are you telling me that this
country was specifically destabilized on
the backs of Steve Jobs or it was this
like a very minor thing that happened
like in an overall conflict where the
Congo has always been D stable and maybe
jobs are like an opportunity to be
opportunistic here and jump in and get
like a cheaper supply of some good like
the Congo the Congo has always been
destabilized by like large countries the
big militaries because of its resources
right that's I'm not this specific
example is Steve Jobs an iPhone which
specifically was a friend of
manufacturing in Asia and not miss away
Africa and that's where the resources
come from is just kind of like whatever
that's just one like specific example of
us like interfering essentially on
behalf of a company in order to get good
consumer goods to market right the Congo
has always been destabilize has always
been [ __ ] over by people with large
militaries because people want those
resources right I mean this is the
entire gambit of like the Internet
International Monetary Fund giving out
huge loans to people in Africa and Latin
America and then when all of a sudden
like a day OS money then it's time to
[ __ ] design their economic policy
right so it's beneficial to us like
because we've moved away from just like
showing up with our military and being a
caver we've owned of this year right
because people are less likely to stand
for that it's really difficult right
it's like the move from slavery to well
it's a wage labor right one is just much
easier than the other and like it's it's
basically equivalently beneficial for us
right like why would we have a system of
slavery we have to beat people up and
kill them and shoot them and keep them
in Chains when we could just like say
like hey go work for X amount of money
per hour and like we make slightly less
money but we don't have invest all this
money in like a big dick
slave catching for us right it's the
same [ __ ] we don't have to imperialize
all these missions with our military
because we can just you know use our
economic leverage to bully them
essentially into odd
helping their political and economic
sister so this is all interesting and I
just have to read more on this but like
III just cuz all because all of us
hinges on this central claim that the
only reason we have the goods we have
right now is because it necessitates
like some slave underclass working for
it and I don't know if that's true even
if we have like done these things in the
past like there's always like more
complicatedly it's just it's more
complicated than just like we're
exploiting them for their resources
right like we're not in Iraq just
because we want the oil like there's a
lot more geopolitically at stake in
terms of like drawing up like regions
and who's aligned to who and who
protects which trade routes and who
don't represent like but like the
protection of trade routes and like the
exportation of oil and like who controls
who is important because of material but
it's more complicated than that it's not
just protects wait wait wait it's not
just protecting trade routes so that
capitalists can make a lot of money
right it might be protecting trade
routes to ensure like political
stability in regions of the world -
because when people get poor whether
it's capitalism or firms or whatever
that sometimes people start to demand
political change political upheaval
happens countries can become
destabilized - the cutoff for certain
resources on certain different types of
alliances could but you just said you
just said it though when countries
become disabled eyes we get cut off to
those resources right and why do we need
those resources because people need
things to live not just to make firms
rich that's not the only reason why you
need resources because capitalists this
is like a really reductionist reading on
obviously but you but you just said like
you said yourself multiple times like
the reason why capitals of what
capitalism is good at right is making
profit off of like selling things that
are selling things that people need
right like when people need those
resources to live where like by
definition they make profit off of it
right so if we lose access to those
resources now of course people need
those things to live but it also means
we lose the profits right of course
these things are aligned and of course
it's more complicated than that but like
it's generally speaking it does go down
to like the material interests right
yeah we complain so much though material
interest doesn't mean profit for
capitalists these two things are not the
same right okay so when I'm talking
about the consumer standards of the
Western world
I'm talking about material interest I'm
not necessarily just saying like oh the
evil [ __ ] capitalist is sitting in
the back
he's guy sitting on his money bags and
he wants that money right well it's part
of it yeah but this is like but this is
vacuous because
buddy has especially if you're Marxist
right your whole historical lenses
through like material interest right so
everybody has material interests what
does this have to do with any particular
system because like one system is
allocating material interests and it's
particularly another right like an
American like our political system
advocates for the material interests of
the American consumer over you know
necessarily like what American consumers
need to like live in function right well
yeah but like I mean if protecting trade
routes is what gets their people food or
something like a socialist system it's
gonna be just as like interested in
doing that as in a capitalist system
absolutely right well we were talking
about in this instance specifically like
military-industrial complex memes right
and then at least well I'm trying to say
isn't I think we all at like most of us
in the circle would advocate for a
reduction in the military-industrial
complex right yeah maybe yeah I don't
know it's like it's really complicated
but like what I'm just trying to say
that like um I guess like back to the
original point I don't think that we run
around the world oppressing people
because we need it to make our economic
system work like I think that there are
definitely some opportunistic actors but
I don't think that like some large firm
is like that's what we can get free
labor like let's go ahead and go to the
State Department to get them like
rallied into like overthrowing some
regime like I don't think that's
generally how it works and I don't even
know if we need these countries to be
like an underclass for our system to
continue yeah sure yeah we yeah we would
have some that's necessarily the
imperialism understander right now sure
I do have one more thing for you though
so in the past you've kind of said that
you are not a political advocacy
advocate activist I don't like yeah I
don't like yeah unless you're gonna say
like well actually advocating for a
reason is actually form a photographic
see in which case okay well you know but
like I know but when I say what I mean
is like I'm not married to like a
political ideology and my goal isn't to
like maximally spread that political
ideology that's not generally what I'm
interested in okay cool so do you think
that by your recent interest in
electoral politics do you think that's
counterproductive to your original goal
establishing reason and logical thought
and supporting the best policies um well
no these two things can exist entirely
severed from one another so for instance
I can recognize that like Bernie has no
chance of winning the election but still
say like oh I probably would prefer
Bernie's policies to Biden's he's a
t-shirt
so if you recognize that you prefer
Bernie's policies to buy them why
wouldn't you direct your energy towards
like supporting Sanders and in
theoretical II increasing his chances of
winning instead of acknowledging I guess
that he won't win um cuz it's become
boring I mean I don't like doing that
it's not it's just not what I enjoy I
don't wanna become alienated for my
labor but through your own system when
becoming an activist to be the most
reasonable thing to do no wonder my
system I like to do what makes me the
happiest and becoming like a political
advocate and ruining my job and making
me hate working every morning is not
like the way it would increase my
quality of living okay so we come back
to the names well no I think this is
like a pretty reasonable argument like
would it be better you know like for the
country if something like highly
unelectable candidate got elected yeah
sure but that's like I'm not gonna make
that my daily mission every day like
[ __ ] that [ __ ]
I just think it's kind of rough when
you're like oh I support the best
policies and like why I guess this is
just running in a circle I'll just take
your answer on its face and final
question uh-huh your do you remember on
the DT podcast we said it was dumb as
[ __ ] that spoiler alert
Tony Stark at the end of infinity war he
just snaps the gauntlet really easy when
hope was struggling to do it earlier um
oh yeah I was surprised that he was able
to read and understand that yeah that
was the dumbest [ __ ] cake you've ever
done I always like this what's what's
wrong it looks so thinking about this in
D&D right you know when you cast like a
magic spell that you're intent like his
matters and was like part of the
difficulty in casting the spell right
you know shadow magic works so like you
know what I just want to say real fast
that what you just said is what every
communist a socialist has said do you
understand how magic works I love that
line but sorry go ahead
no text I'm sorry I haven't seen the
book for infinity to where I'm sorry so
what if your heart is pure does the
Infinity Gauntlet work better so I'm
sure no [ __ ] if you put the gun
and with the intention of restoring half
of the universe
obviously it's gonna react negatively
that's gonna be a lot harder to [ __ ]
do then I'm gonna kill like five hundred
people you got a source on that buddy
yeah I got a [ __ ] book for you dude I
have an entire Google Drive folder on
the Colt ISM you
know what how does he I'm sorry I didn't
realize that it was directly inspired
from the occult you got a source on that
buddy we're talking about magic talk
about the theoretical implementation I
imagine no we're not we're talking about
Finiti gauntlet that's who says it magic
how does the stones [ __ ] work then is
it science well believe it or not every
different brand of fiction has its own
internal magical [ __ ] systems what do
you mean that's like saying like why the
[ __ ] doesn't Goku just cast I've added
could ever error whatever [ __ ] kebab
[ __ ] on [ __ ] all the enemies that he
fights we all know how magic works we've
read in a Harry Potter magic works
differently different universes wait
this is the dumbest take I've ever heard
of my entire life I have never in all of
my life and all of my life consuming
fictional media okay I have never seen a
magic system where your intent as like a
spell caster or whatever does not matter
in regard to this fire yeah but we're
not talking about intent you're saying
that killing people is easier than
bringing people back to life no no the
scale the scale the scale of hats oh
it's dark one between the scale was the
same stark was trying to bring back to
life half the universe wasn't he at the
end of the movie no no Hulk was that's
why it was so difficult as he was
bringing half of the universe back to
life all on wait hold on I might be I
might be listen you know you might have
won the whole debate okay I might be an
idiot wait so when Tony Stark snapped
the gauntlet half the universe is still
dead just the people on planet earth are
alive no everyone's alive he was
literally just killing Thanos and his
boys that was all he did at the end of
the movie that was all he did was killed
like 400 people the whole got everyone
back I thought that when the whole did
it I thought it didn't work or whatever
no it worked it worked just fine they
just [ __ ] him up because it was hard
oh wait well then wait why didn't you
just say that I'm sorry I thought you
watch the movie I'm my mistake I should
have [ __ ] listen dude it's superhero
movies okay all I want is to watch
people [ __ ] fight each other okay
it's sittin here I'm gonna give you a
pro trick trick okay for me to not
understand any movie as soon as you
throw time-travel into it I totally stop
watching for the plot and I just watch
people [ __ ] fight each other that's
all I give a [ __ ] about as soon as time
travels in I stop Karen okay but what
you're saying makes sense so you're
saying when the Hulk snapped he brought
back like everybody to life and that
Tony only snapped to kill a few people
yes that's why I was so easy for him was
like kill them but it was he was able to
put the gun
and do it oh well in that case why did
they kill us and if he was just killing
a few people what the fuzz because
because it does the release of energy it
was still powerful enough to fry as
human body right what a loser [ __ ]
communists other people have real topics
to cover here and said oh ok I'm sorry I
thought socialism communism wasn't
alright wait why did Tony kill himself
snapping them were they even gonna lose
that fight I thought they had like
Captain Marvel and all the people there
why would Tony suicide was there even a
reason for it now I got to go back and
re-watch this now I feel like I have
Santos was about to snap again but Tony
had the gauntlet
okay why don't they ever just fly away
with that like wait any kind of order to
grab it and shove the fly away well why
didn't Captain Marvel snap it isn't she
supposed to be like one of the most
powerful [ __ ] dudes the widgets is
gonna remain the same at the price we
wouldn't expect to see that price
decrease or increase at all it would
stay the same so no if somebody wanted
to make wide routes out of widgets that
