hey guys what's up welcome to episode
five of startups I have my co-host and
with me here and we are joined today by
Internet lawyer specialist Leonard
French how are you doing today Lenny
good hi how are you I'm doing it great a
lot of people might Chad are already
familiar with you because we've actually
listened to some of your videos in
whatever copyright safe way is
permissible while streaming about here
all right yeah you don't have a lot
you've covered a lot of like internet
drama relating to stuff that we've gone
through I don't think it was related to
me specifically but stuff related to Doc
seeing with with a content creator um I
don't even remember which one it was and
then going over the Maddox and dick
Masterson case a little bit though yeah
yeah so we've had a little bit of
overlap in terms of content but um yeah
yeah I don't I don't remember what the
update is on Maddox person is versus
masterson but that was a fun story to do
yeah oh and then this stuff related to
we call him jf it's like John Fred Gary
up here whatever i don't know pronounce
his name found false wha yeah something
like that doesn't ring a bell
we've covered so many stories I have to
admit sometimes I even forget what
stories we covered like the same day
that we did them yeah that's fine but
for people that don't even chat do you
want to introduce yourself
sure I'm Leonard French I am a 39 year
old copyright attorney from Pennsylvania
I've been practicing law for almost
eight years so seven and a half years
now in a former life I wanted to be an
electrical engineer and the math made it
a little bit hard so I ended up with an
IT degree and then the IT degree only
got me so far and I got interested in
the law for various reasons that I don't
know maybe we'll go over today and took
the LSAT my scores were good enough to
get into a local law school and I
decided I wanted to pursue something had
more opportunity than my IT degree was
at the time no I still think that my IT
degree has some of some merit and
electrical engineering is a great field
and all that but I ended up in law
that's so that's more or less the short
version is that I have no I
in law school is it pretty
unconventional that people you need like
don't you need like an undergrad or
something before you attend law school
like you need an undergrad in something
yeah I believe you need at least a four
year undergrad and no master's degree is
required but I think four years of laws
forever for an ABA accredited law school
you need at least four year undergrad
and it's three years of like full-time
day law school I ended up doing a night
program while working during the day so
mine was a four or four and a half year
if you count the summer semester that I
took interesting what did you when you
originally went to law school what did
you want to do like did you have like a
dream like type of litigation that you
wanted to be involved in I wanted to
escape the the hell that I was in with
my former employer I was highly
motivated to get out of whatever was
happening to me then and and get into
something else I was having a sort of
legal issue with my former employer and
that got me plus some other life
circumstances my roommate at the time
had gotten a ticket out of state and so
I had to drive him to Ocean City
Maryland to sit for his traffic hearing
and it was one of those all calls and so
I'm sitting there in the gallery and
everything's proceeding in a very
orderly fashion I was very impressed
with the Ocean City Court and that also
interested me in the law and I wanted to
explore well what's it like to be a
lawyer and could I be a lawyer it was
kind of a pipe dream at the time so what
age did you start the whole lawyer dream
of 31 2002 I so yeah 31 would be I got
my law license and then I started law
school in 2007 so I waved in 27
interesting and the law school that you
went to is that one we've heard of is
that making a big difference when you're
going and you're getting these types of
jobs going after that like you really
say there's one major giant like
threshold if you're looking to get into
big law which is usually considered
about the top 10% of law students
then you need to be the top 10% of law
students to get into these larger law
firms I don't know them that all the
names on the top of my head but Sullivan
and Cromwell was one that I worked with
for one one case when you say top ten
students do you mean like you're going
to look at the top ten top like does
that mean you're like top of your class
or you're going to like a good school
mostly top of your class and yes
top ten top tier law schools so the best
law schools and the best in your class
have the best chances of getting into
what we call the big law firms so I went
to a fourth tier law school as rated by
what is it US News and World Report's or
something like that and that sort of law
school isn't doesn't have the same
chances of me getting into a big law
firm big law with capital letters then
say Harvard or Yale or Georgetown or
another Ivy League school or other
heavily recognized in top tier school
but that doesn't mean that a top student
from from Widener University couldn't
get into a big law firm but it's gonna
be less and less of that those top
students I assume it's it's very much
alike that it's better to be the
worst-performing student at Harvard than
the best performing student at Michael
Cohen school then they're know yeah
maybe it depends on if you're looking
for that big law experience not everyone
is looking for that to get into big law
and if you're not good looking to get
into big law like I wasn't then you
don't have to shoot for that and you can
pass the bar by one point you can pass
school by you know with a 2.0 and you
could still be a lawyer do you know how
how important is it actually when you're
going let's say you are going to try and
do the suits lifestyle if you've seen
that television show and I actually like
a lot of rama's mostly I think that's
what you would call the big law type of
job like corporate life but I getting
mergers and acquisitions and all that
type of stuff but sure if you're gone
these things what you're saying is
actually that grades are significantly
important it's not just if you're suma
[ __ ] laude or something like that it's
like they're actually looking at your
transcripts and seeing how you did if
you want these bigger jobs I don't know
I really don't know the application
process for that but yeah that would be
where
they'd be leading people out looking for
the best of the best and yes there
probably could be some strict selection
criteria you know they're cleaving some
arbitrary selection criteria so yeah if
you're looking for that was it the kind
of job yeah other than that I have never
heard of any of me or my colleagues
anyone ever asking to see what we
studied in law school about our here
about our grades or anything maybe talk
about our experience further by so
really speaking there's no further
barriers that I found so so tell me
about your early process then so you
just got your law degree where are you
going from here what is the journey that
takes you to being the most well known
attorney on all of it at this point
well besides it immediately finding
myself with a case of imposter syndrome
feeling totally like a fish out of water
not really being prepared for the
business of law and sort of just trying
to figure out okay well we got our law
license now what do we do I had planned
only so much I had I had some things
happen like I said my my relationship
with my former employer fell apart I
wasn't planning to work for them as an
attorney but I also we didn't we didn't
exactly have a healthy solution yeah I
don't mean to ask too much but like what
how what was the disconnect that you had
so out of law school you went to work
for another firm correct oh no no no so
I was already working for a local
electronics company and I have a
non-disparagement clause with this local
company which is why I'm not mentioning
their name and not going to be saying
anything terribly negative about them
but we basically had a disagreement over
how much work I was doing and how much I
was being recognized for that work I had
been promoted it in my words I had been
promoted several times but I had never
been recognized for the new positions
and the new responsibilities and I was
looking forward to the modest pay
increase and we oh that's the separating
strategy or keeping someone around about
giving them
like congratulations you know the
assistant to the regional manager do I
get more yeah no no but like this looks
fantastic on your business I went from
general technical support to special
technical support which was which was a
paid promotion but then two IT then to
engineering process improvement then to
engineering support in-house then to
engineering field support and even to
the point that I was making my own
software and making my own hardware
products nothing remarkable I mean just
very basic entry-level development and
stuff but they were they were definitely
very helpful products for the company
and I was saving the company a rather
large amount of time there was no reason
why they couldn't give me a modest
increase and I really wasn't looking for
much but but it wasn't the amount that
we ever he never even got to an amount
at least we ended up separating on just
whether I deserved it at all if you have
a disparagement clause and you
specifically say you can't say anything
about this company because of that
disparagement clause can that be
considered disparagement no I can't
disparage the company I can't
intentionally act to paint the company
in a bad yeah I know but by saying that
you can't cause I think that the cause
damages to like just by saying you can't
talk about them because by talking about
them too much you would necessarily
disparage them does isn't that
disparaging we're getting into the
warrant canary stuff could be and if
they really wanted to try it it's like
to test this sure we can have it out but
I don't think that either of us are
interested in furthering our
relationship as many as there no time
limit on those statute of limitations on
this at this point that's the other
thing it has been like eight years there
should be something right I've been nine
years actually is that awesome is that
one of those clauses that like isn't
like enforced everywhere kind of like
the non-compete clauses or is that
something that's like generally universe
you know I don't actually know as much
as I'm an attorney I don't interact with
on disparagement clauses at all except
for my own at one time so I don't know
if you saw on Friday we released a video
where I told a whole story about hiring
an employment attorney who then didn't
do much of his job and I didn't really
get much out of my employment separation
or my relationship with my attorney and
then it turns out that he was neglecting
many many client matters to the tune of
millions of dollars and they just
suspended him for five years which is
the maximum he could be suspended
without being disbarred so we went over
that hump okay very fresh damn so do you
have like what is your like position
right now legally do you work for a law
firm or do you have like your own small
kind of company or I am a sole
practitioner I have my own law firm
which is just me and an assistant and
it's some awesome contractors that that
help me with development and things help
you a bit maintain a website and
maintain a discord channel are you
actually involved in like actively like
litigating things or do you just
maintain your being a law firm because
it gives you some other benefit to talk
about legal stuff like access to pacer
or something or I am actively involved
in litigation but at a very light level
so we have a rule 1.1 duty of competency
which means that I can't take on more
cases than I can handle and so I have
literally one well it's hard to say
because some cases are sort of in pre
litigation the these these cases that I
do are our BitTorrent piracy cases the
defendants are being notified about a
case before they've been served with a
case so now we're litigating yet if we
haven't been served and we're just
talking about settling a case outside of
court that that's mostly what I do is
settled in cases outside of court but
then yes I wouldn't have my teeth as a
settlement negotiator if I didn't also
prepare to defend my clients in court
so these are the notices that a lot of
cable providers will get we're saying
you you downloaded we noticed your IP
downloaded 404 or whatever and as
revealed we have a settlement option I
thought that there was actually a recent
case law that said that that had to
basically be cut down more and that IPS
were not actually identifying pieces of
content like wasn't there an entire
industry that was shut down from that
type of predatory practice there are
entire courts that have blocked that
kind of practice
and what you've talked about is very
very similar to what I do but actually
just one hair's breadth away from what I
do the practice that I defend defendants
against is what actual lawsuit gets
filed in a subpoena gets sent as opposed
to a DMCA takedown notice that then also
contains a settlement notice inside of
it we call it a DMCA settlement notice
it doesn't actually exist within the law
there's no legal anything to do with
putting a settlement notice inside a
DMCA takedown so who knows whether the
ISP has to forward that on or what and I
believe Canada recently shut that entire
practice down that's not us a DMCA tape
so you're saying that I could send a D&C
hate to YouTube and within the contents
of the DMCA I literally say you have to
pay me some money or what I'm gonna try
to sue what the prison user to the user
yes so the if you you would send a
takedown YouTube is just hosting the
users content and you would include a
settlement offer to the user inside the
takedown to YouTube and then YouTube is
supposed to send your takedown notice on
to the user as part of the notice and so
they also receive your settlement offer
some ISPs refused they would literally
edit that part out of the subpoena
takedown or not subpoena to takedown
notice and then forward on the actual
takedown part of the takedown notice and
not forward to settlement offer on but
then what if you're a guilty party and
you later on get sued did they just
foreclose your ability to settle for two
hundred dollars instead of two thousand
dollars so I mean I would imagine that
like if somebody is offering I say this
I mean you would know better me but I
would imagine like for some of these
ISPs if they're offering a settlement
for two hundred dollars they're probably
not gonna forego that settlement and go
hardcore into like litigation because
you didn't accept the initial right
whether is that really worthwhile dude
that's the threat that's the threat
though and and some of these companies
have thought about that oh I don't
remember if it's actually got any place
but there was a company a few years ago
I forget it was a Leibowitz or there was
there was an attorney who was filing
exactly that and you would go to his
webs he would have a website also
with a login which was just simply a
long unique identifier split into a
username and password and you type that
in and then he would present with you
because then you've got a settlement
offer and I I have not seen those in a
while so I'm assuming that that ended
because it wasn't profitable but yeah
that's the threat is that if they don't
if somebody hasn't paid up at that sort
of initial level which I would start
calling a scam or extortion or something
but in all honesty I could probably get
in trouble if I get too specific with
that because that's probably defamation
on some level because it's not actually
a scam and it's not actually extortion
we're not actually illegal oh yeah I'm
not concerned I just mean that it's not
actually extortion under the law we're
calling certain copyright trolls
copyright trolls could be defamation
because they might not actually be
copyright rules um they might be legal
copyright plaintiffs who just act very
troll ish so okay
take us through you've just left your
job here what is the beginning steps of
your firm look like and how do you get
to that point and what's going what's
going through your mind does saying I'm
not gonna go work for another firm but
I'm gonna start up the Leonard French
Institute or finally Google Scholar I
wasn't doing so well at the end of law
school I had a fiance and my fiance left
and that was right before the bar exam
and so coming off of the bar exam I sort
of just assumed that I had failed I
assumed that that I sort of I don't know
if plunged myself or I was I was plunged
into a great depression and so coming
off of that I sort of almost had very
little hopes for myself and I was just
surprised when I found out that I had
passed the bar exam and that helped my
mood a little bit and a lot of that was
situational and as I you know got over
the relationship and and and got past
all that the taking the bar exam itself
is also a traumatic experience for most
people so as I came off of all that I
started to ease into okay well I've got
to do
something now I was excited to have my
license I got my license I even I even
paid to have it like I forget if I paid
her and I would overnight it or
something it's like or I call it on the
day so I could get my license the very
first day you can get it like you find
out you get your bar exam results and
you have to file one more set of
paperwork and then like you're not
allowed to call for like two days or
something and I remember I called like
that very like as soon as you're allowed
to to get my day as soon as possible and
then it's like okay well you've got it
well who's the heck is gonna hire a
brand new attorney who has no name
recognition no business no insurance no
anything and I so then I remember
roundabout by about November 5th I which
was it was October 20th by around about
October November 5th 2011 I had finally
made my initial version of my website I
had been studying Ruby on Rails of all
things and I spent a couple days
building my whole web site out of Ruby
on Rails and and trying to avoid using
JavaScript as much as possible and being
very very proud of myself when I got it
all done and everything and still
wondering you know what am I gonna do
from here and I had a family friend who
reached out she's a family law attorney
or was a family law attorney in
Bethlehem Pennsylvania and this was
about January 2012 and she offered to
mentor me I could come to her law office
and see how a real law office works
shadow her to court and everything well
she got her fourth and fifth
back-to-back driving under the influence
charges Jesus pretty much right away so
this example I was getting wasn't very
helpful at least I did get a some
insight into the local court system in
one County over but I really wanted to
do copyright law but like I said you
know how I'm kind of a fish out of water
green in the past year
really
what am I gonna do what are my prospects
I don't know anybody my family's doesn't
come from attorneys like I said I wasn't
exactly doing so well it's not exactly
like that doesn't show through so who is
gonna hire me so my whole thing was I
was just gonna go for it because what
else are you gonna do oh also let's
remember this is right after the 2008
crash we're still in the throes of not
recovering from the 2008 market crash
and that hit the lot legal industry very
hard people for some reason woke up I
don't know why they didn't wake up
before I really don't understand people
sometimes I'm feel like I live in a
different world once in a while but I
know how you feel in it finally woke up
and we're like oh we're paying way too
many billable hours to our attorneys we
should stop doing this and the world is
like collectively stopped paying their
attorneys for a few years and that's I
came after directly after that but the
so the practice had pretty much time you
got concerned about attorney over
billing or even just normal billing
practices are now scoffed at I try quote
people prices that are just totally
normal for a case and it's the end of
the of the world I don't mean anything
against my clients it seems to be
everybody is having this this reaction
to to legal fees or such people don't
necessarily want to go to court don't
want to pay their attorney or worht or
want to pay their attorney as little as
possible mm-hmm only once in a while do
I find somebody who understands why you
want certain professionals or really any
worker to be appropriately paid in order
to be you know not only properly
motivated but you don't want them to be
demotivated by being distracted by
having to do other work or you know
figure out how they're gonna live when
you only pay them a half rate or
something like that mm-hmm
I digress this is like very loosely
related to this but I remember I worked
in the casino industry at around the
time when all the markets crashed and it
was very interesting me I it feels like
a lot of the benefits and everything
like went away for
a lot of the lower level jobs like a lot
of the 401k matches went away a lot of
the yearly raises went away a lot of the
Employee of the Month 500 dollar bonuses
all of those things seem to disappear
but then when everything recovered and
all the markets were on the up again
I feel like none of it ever came back
yeah that was like a very weird feeling
I was like well hold on wait a second
like the markets have fully recovered
several years later I was in a streaming
at that point but talking to a lot of
people that still work those jobs you
know because I had kind of like buggin
like did they ever bring back like the
vacation time or the for one came at you
like no a lot of it like never really
came back even though everything
recovered and that was kind of okay that
seemed a little it's hard to kind of
feel out how much people are getting
those benefits or not um but yeah it
definitely feels like in every company
that I've touched and every friend I've
talked to that a lot of that was cut
back and I haven't been anywhere near
corporate America for the past few years
so I don't know if it's coming back I
don't feel like it's coming back well
yeah I mean if you've gotten away with
not doing it I feel this has got to be
like a management strategy like if you
can make a cut to some budget and your
thing still operates I noticed of this
Senate trying to decide track a much but
I know this is a lot of from like a
supervisory position in a restaurant
there like every now and then you'll
lose an employee and you'll be running a
shift like with less workers and it
seems like people are surviving and as
long as you can like survive that that
will carry on like indefinitely so it
seems like if people feel like they can
make a cut in the budget somewhere and
things don't absolutely fall apart but
they will like their staff you or pay
the minimum they possibly can just to
keep things working yeah yep what um
there were so your your first case was
the DWI correct no that was actually she
handled that I forget how she handled
that I think it was on her own or with
her with her attorney she ended up
getting two and a half years in state
prison or county prison for a second DUI
her fourth and her fifth her fourth if
all those two were there so it was two
but it was it was her fourth in her
fifth lifetime and or whatever it is
within ten years or something I know I
think was lifetime and they counted them
as as 2/3 offenses which is two minimums
of
one to two years or something and I
think she got two and a half so were you
prepared to try and intervene in that
case and act as a lawyer no no and the
story so so what ended up happening was
she didn't think she was going to be
sentenced to jail time so she did not
shut down her law practice until after
she was given two weeks to report to
jail and then serve two and a half years
so she handed me the remainder of her
practice which would normally sound like
an okay thing but there wasn't really
much left to the practice it was a
building and a bunch of angry clients
maybe it doesn't Thanks and so I learned
a lot I learned an awful lot about the
practice of law from my mentor in that
sense ended up being able to
successfully shut down or transfer or
finish all of the family law litigation
that she had going on and because her
practice and hers she personally and I
don't think that's unfair to say was
deteriorating at the time as she's she's
doing better now I have not in contact
with her but because she was a tear to
hurt her clients had left and the
clients who have the ability to leave
leave first so we're not talking about
the best cases for sticking behind what
the worst cases we're sticking behind
nobody do this this is a cautionary tale
if you if this is your scenario out of
law school do not do this this was not
fun and I could have gotten in a rather
large amount of trouble if I had screwed
up any of these matters well at all
pretty much well it's interesting
because you basically jumped in head
first into this type of stuff like to me
it's like you know if you just get your
medical degree like like you're
literally out there I don't want to say
litigate your real 12 you're not like it
would be akin to that doc to a doctor
than advertising you know hey I've just
got my medical degree I can go do your
brain surgery I'm supposed to have a
rule
that says I don't do that because I know
better I know that I can't handle that
so in that sense you can read about the
Drazkowski versus the internet was a
attorney who took a capital murder case
right out of law school or without ain't
without any trial experience and screwed
it up royally it had mistrial and
everything and then the Internet of
course wrote about the the rantings and
ravings of the attorney and then the
attorney sued everybody and I believe
one of the only companies or only
entities that paid out was his law
school I guess they were pretty
embarrassed but everybody else fought
him to the ends of the earth and won so
okay so you've taken over this practice
how soon after that do you realize that
copyright law is your calling and that
that is going to be your you know your
the thing you hanging your hat on and
you're gonna go hard into this and this
is like it's you do you know mostly I'm
pretty quickly when I set up my initial
website I had made a page about how I
would be willing to represent people
with copyright problems or copyright
cases the so first of all one one
problem I'm in Pennsylvania Pennsylvania
is not a copyright Haven you don't see
people litigating copyrights in
Pennsylvania much at all maybe the
occasional music copyright case where
some bar doesn't pay their licensing fee
and and UMG or some other rights group
comes along and sues the bar for not
paying their bill and they have to get a
license that's about it um however
copyright called me and I'm not saying
in like the toot my own horn sense I
mean like there this was just by total
coincidence
I started my career at the beginning of
the BitTorrent file-sharing phenomena
which has been going on for the past
well I guess seven years where civil
litigants not from the music industry
not from major motion pictures but from
adult entertainment have started to sue
using previous case
from the Napster than Kazaa and and some
other BitTorrent Ischl BitTorrent cases
what was Expendables was one of them
those were older cases that didn't go
anyplace because it's released really
really bad press to sue your customers
HBO doesn't sue people over Game of
Thrones but adult entertainment
companies like tushy raw black and vixen
they were actually raw is one of their
sub brands so it's cushy black and vixen
and then ex art they all sue there I
don't know if you call them it depends
on you how what side of this you're on
if you're on the copyright defense side
they're customers if you're on the
plaintiff side they're thieves
I personally think that people who are
our file-sharing media material whether
it be music movies video games whatever
they they're customers in some sense and
HBO for example uses those statistics as
well as statistics to to conduct further
business and and and make decisions off
of but not to sue people whereas these
companies are suing people off of the
thinnest evidence because it's really
where we start to get to that extortion
scheme or scam or copyright trolling or
a fishing expedition I'm kind of curious
I don't I don't know this would be
necessarily something in your purview
but like if you um how do you tie an IP
address to a user they so I argued
against this recently in two cases one
in eastern Pennsylvania and one in
eastern of district Virginia and the
judges that disagreed with me I'll
explain how they would have have
explained it that the law of discovery
of evidence the law of discovery of
relevant evidence which is evidence that
makes the claims or defenses more likely
to be true or less likely to be true is
broad the discovery is broad and at an
initial stage where a person where
entity is making out a prima facie
case the basic elements of a case as
long as they've met their federal Civil
Procedure pleading burden which was a
well pled case which means you that the
defendant can identify what they're
being sued for then the case is able to
survive a motion to dismiss and put and
proceed forward other things you know
totally assuming other things and the
BitTorrent cases they claim to see
infringement and they argue that they
recorded the infringement and they saw
the infringement and someone verified
the infringement and they have copies of
how it was all done and they're prepared
to come to court and it's really
injuring our our industry and we're real
copyright plaintiffs and you know please
let us have a subpoena and the judges
grant a subpoena and say that the
plaintiff is allowed to conduct an
initial investigation they are allowed
into the initial phases of discovery
where they get to depose a subpoena
recipient which could be a subscriber or
could be a defendant who has infringed
on copyright but how would the plaintiff
know unless they ask and the great
debate is whether they're even allowed
to ask well I'm thinking like even if
they ask what's to keep me from saying
like every time like somebody came over
to my house and they had a laptop and
they connected to my Wi-Fi and they're
the ones I don't love it's like how do
you ever get over that even like even in
civil court that just seems like an
impossible thing to get over
in a in a legitimate case it would come
down to the facts and circumstances you
would see the timing of the infringement
hopefully a legitimate copyright
plaintiff has has recorded more than
just a single instance of alleged
file-sharing so maybe they see that the
rendering occurred over a period of nine
months okay or something the tenuous
claims that we have in the real cases
right now seem to stem from what other
things you'd like that the total picture
of what was downloaded you downloaded
things
our adult entertainment company but did
you download things from Disney or from
other major motion picture companies or
video games or computer applications or
something and then does that correlate
with your personal preferences do you
use that application did you watch that
movie and like it on Facebook did you
tweet about you know how you couldn't
buy Adobe Acrobat so you downloaded it
via Pirate Bay or something you know
they're allowed to conduct that sort of
an inquiry and they're allowed to do it
in a litigant or II process as opposed
to outside court and then have to bring
that in they're allowed to get it after
they filed the lawsuit which means we're
now halfway into a lawsuit which means
the defendant has had a very adequate
opportunity to sweat this all out and
decide to settle the case instead of
going through all of this and guess what
the demands will often be very similar
to the amount of money that the defense
attorney is demanding to defend the case
sure and then and then just as a final
thing this is always done in a civil
manner right or just copyright
infringement ever reach like Criminal
Court level creators all right well what
I'm talking about is always done in a
civil manner I have never heard of a I
think it would have to be the FBI to get
involved in criminal copyright in this
of copyright infringement of this nature
criminal copyright infringement is like
creating an enterprise out of criminal
out of out of copying gotcha so making
copies of DVDs or blu-rays or hosting a
pirate radio stipe service that
broadcasts video signals to you know off
you know unpaid unauthorized video
signals or something okay I mean even
then I I really haven't heard of anybody
being prosecuted for criminal copyright
in a very long time yeah I gotcha okay
maybe it happens behind the scene that I
don't hear about it but I would think it
would make the news once in a while so
is that initial I downloaded something
with this IP address how far can you go
with just that if there's none the
ancillary facts supporting that type of
thing as well if I didn't tweet on
Twitter man I wish I could download
adventures where can I find it and then
idea two minutes later
if it's just my IP address downloading a
movie how far can the copyright holder
go with just that timestamp plus an IP
address
it varies the legal standard is called
preponderance of the evidence it's like
a 50/50 or tug-of-war standard and it
can vary from judge to judge so one
judge may be more convinced by some cert
by certain kind of evidence that another
judge may be convinced I was trying to
convince my local judges here in PA and
South in Virginia that the standard for
IP address being a person had to be
higher than what they were allowing in
the court whereas other judges like
judge Lamberth in DC through these
companies write out on their butts
because he saw through the tenuous
claims of infringement and believed that
how do i how do I put this the the claim
needs to be stronger on the outside of
the case before we get into the case
they need to know more about the
infringing activity so that they can
identify if not the name of the person
at least come into court and say well we
know it's a person who drives a red car
and likes the B movie and was at the
residents on these dates that these
infringement occurred maybe something
like that and they'll tell you that they
do have that they're just they just
don't plead it in the initial thing but
that's the threshold issue
should-should mom or dad or grandma or
somebody who's innocent who's just a
subscriber on the thing should they have
to answer a federal copyright lawsuit
because somebody else behind the
internet connection allegedly committed
covering fringe well there no precedent
that that's followed across the federal
level like I only precedent know an
individual like circuit courts don't
have to follow other ones so like if
there was something in the Ninth Circuit
that said okay to get this far you have
to go to X other courts don't even have
to follow that it's only Supreme Court
or something we're watching the the
birth of a new star here the the
copyright this is the birth of new
copyright law there is no
there's precedent in the sense that
there's non BitTorrent file-sharing
precedent and then a whole bunch of
Malibu media and strikethrough Holdings
cases of this exact kind but there's no
uniform circuit level or Supreme Court
level precedent to control at all so the
circuit the individual district courts
can vary even between district and even
between judge in the same courthouse do
you so just to get a couple things
straight like from like a legal point of
view if you were doing a civil case and
you've been granted like you're in the
discovery phase and then you have the
ability to subpoena people for
information this is something that you
can do kind of like with police backing
or how does that work like let's say I
can subpoena like your ISP for like a
record of like your IP addresses or
something do I have do I present the
subpoena like in conjunction with like a
local like police office or do I just
like mail and say hey here's my subpoena
get missed information or the recipient
of the subpoena would just be the legal
compliance Department of the ISP most
most Cup most entities well actually
every entity has to have sort of an
official address for receiving the
service of process or official mail and
things like that so that that would be
where you would serve them would be at
their official legal compliance address
gotcha and service doesn't have to be
done with like a legal professional or
I'm sorry I got like a law enforcement
officer or somebody right like you can
know in fact there are Process Servers
and as long as you yourself are not a
party to the case you can serve I don't
know if it's been resolved yet but there
was there was some question whether an
actual attorney in the case can serve
the opposing party what we call original
process the for basically the first the
first the first service in the case most
of the time we use a outside process
server I've literally asked a friend of
mine to do it as long as it anybody any
a competent adult
over 18 can serve as long as they're not
a party in the case and what is the the
bar for getting a subpoena like let's
say hey right now there's me and I want
to subpoena his ISP for all of his uh
you know emails that he that may have
mentioned my name
what is the bar for me just you know
finding an attorney say hey let's do
this let's send it up well that that bar
is what we call rule 11 Federal Rule
Civil Procedure 11 which is the attorney
has a responsibility not to send
frivolous subpoena or otherwise
maintaining a frivolous matter etc and
and yeah we all know that attorneys can
get away with some pretty frivolous
stuff before it becomes anything that's
going to be sanctioned in a court or
whatever but the practical answer is
that the attorney has almost nothing
stopping them from sending a subpoena by
being a licensed attorney and being
admitted to a federal court
I'm granted the subpoena power and I can
subpoena without any further oversight
and then if you don't like my subpoena
and you're the recipient of the subpoena
or even if you're not you could try to
go to court and oppose my subpoena but I
don't have to ask for permission for it
ahead of time there are some cases where
where they do have to ask for ahead of
time and that's those are the cases that
I work on so that's kind of odd but
generally speaking you don't have to ask
for them out of time no interesting
specific um and that's that's federal
level state courts could be a little bit
different but even at the state court
level you still just go to the state
court house or the county court house
pay year $3.50 get your blank subpoena
fill it out and send it you don't
actually ask the court for permission
the other the other the opposing party
doesn't have to answer the subpoena
they're not violating a court order by
not answering the subpoena they might be
in violation as a pinna and that might
not the judge might not like that but
whether or not they're in violation of a
court order yet you know what do you
have to compel somebody at some point to
follow it like a subpoena like it yeah
that's exactly what you do you do like a
motion to compel
gotcha if someone is not obeying your
your subpoena or motion for sanctions
motion for contempt or something if
they're in contempt of an order so
hypothetically in this circumstance
where we're talking about here what is
the bar for getting a subpoena me as a
private citizen again coming back to
like the example here like if I want to
get access to Steve's emails here
what is the bar like if I can make a
reasonable case to an attorney that I
think that something's happened is that
the other thing I'd be like yeah I think
that's reasonable
send it out and then it's up to him did
it well yeah if we're not talking about
an F or not speaking legally ethically
if you're just trying to find a way to
do it yeah you would need to convince an
attorney or a court without an attorney
that you have some kind of legal claim
against him that involves you subpoena
his emails or rather requesting his
emails via Discovery and this is kind of
shocking because I think myself let a
lot of other people assumed maybe from
watching too much law and order that a
subpoena meant you're going and having
your attorney ask the assistant DA and
laying all this evidence on the table
and maybe you're gonna get but it sounds
to me like don't just like go find some
lawyer at a [ __ ] strip mall and we'll
send it out and hope it yeah and then
it's up to the recipient to oppose it
so the subpoena is for someone's
information whether it be producing
documents or producing a person to
testify and so if there's a problem with
a subpoena you oppose the subpoena but
yeah it's a reverse of that you don't
have to get permission for the subpoena
in most cases you have to get if to
oppose the subpoena if there shouldn't
if the subpoena is improper in some way
when you're litigating this type of
stuff or when you're involved in court
for these types of cases
dude the judges and jury have like any
idea or or I guess I should just say the
judges here do the judges have any idea
like what's being discussed and you have
to bring in like a lot of expert
witnesses to explain stuff or what is
like the process for that the judge when
when I think about presenting something
to a judge I'm assuming that the judge
is extremely busy and won't have time to
look at my case and will be very
relieved if they can look at my case and
understand it quickly so it's in my best
interest to prepare my documents in such
a way that the judge understands what's
going on as quickly as possible with
that little complication as possible and
yet for complicated matters that might
mean we need an expert and we need days
of testimony or documents to review
preparing briefs or you know so that the
judge and their clerk and their staff
can read them ahead of time and that's
that's that's really my goal is to make
sure that the judge has all the tools I
don't assume the judge is dumb but I
assume the judge doesn't want to have to
figure everything out for themselves
because they do that every day for
everybody
mm-hmm so if I can if I can make that a
little bit easier for my judge I might
not win my case just because I made the
judge happy with my brief but the judge
is paying attention to my brief because
I didn't piss them off with with a bad
brief or or lack of information for
these types of civil cases what are you
like the general types of like maximum
damages somebody can actually sue for
like say I download like a like a movie
like Avengers end game like what am I
liable for like in Silva Court the the
presidential numbers are around two
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars
per illegal download how do I figure
seven hundred and fifty dollars is the
minimum copyright damages under
copyright statutory damages so we have
actual damages and statutory damages if
I ran into the back of your car the
actual damage is your your like personal
injuries and your and your damage to the
car however maybe I ran in the back of
your car because I was drinking and
driving and maybe the judge is going to
multiply your damages by three times and
award you extra money well that's not
your actual damage that's some kind of
extra damages maybe punitive damages or
something
well copyright doesn't have punitive
damages what we have are liquidated
damages and they call these statutory
damages liquidated damages would be I'll
use the car scenario is kind of stupid
but I'll use it since we're using it so
the monitor it II would be like if
everybody had an agreement that if you
get rear-ended and there's no major
injuries the damages or five thousand
dollars doesn't matter whether it's a
ding doesn't matter whether the car is
totaled it's five thousand dollars but
you agree everybody had to sign a piece
of paper that said that they knew that
if they got into a car accident it was
getting five thousand dollars and that's
it I agree Dini or like a focus right
it's this this could be incredibly
stupid so just help me with the with
that a little bit
that's liquidated damages this is better
in a contract scenario where like you
hire me to write a book for you and I
don't write the book so how much are you
damaged by well was the book gonna make
you
millionaire or was the book and a flop
was it my fault do we don't know we just
know that I didn't finish the book that
part's my fault so we might agree not
afterward but ahead of time that if I
don't finish the book your damages are
$5,000 and so that way we don't have to
have a fight over $5,000
so the copyright statutory damages are
set at seven hundred and fifty dollars
per infringement minimum to thirty
thousand dollars maximum for most kinds
of infringement and then willful
infringement can go all the way up to a
hundred and fifty thousand dollars per
infringement maximum and judges have
said that this is the minimum kind of
copyright infringement not the maximum
so 750 is the number but it is a willful
act you clicked on a thing you download
the thing from BitTorrent and we're not
from BitTorrent but through a BitTorrent
protocol based file sharing system
Network and your your damages should be
multiplied by three so 750 times 320 250
long story sorry
no that's have people ever like got in
trouble for like streaming media has
that ever been litigated before yes
that's not like the my jurisprudence the
current with with with streaming media
but I remember there was a they were
there are various forms of this the ones
that are really curious about are the
ones that that take a cable television
service that you pay for but then they
stream it to you and with a little tiny
antennas that they were trying to get
around you see that was a great yeah
that was like a yeah turns out you can't
do that turns out that that's copyright
infringement because you're transferring
mediums and that's that that involves
the right of publication or distribution
and yes your TV company your cable
company is allowed to prevent you from
rebroadcasting their signal even if you
paid for the signal the original signal
you you might be able to do it privately
but not through up somebody else's
service like they can't do it for you
you you maybe they could put equipment
on your premises that you can do it
yourself and maybe they show you how
when you pick them forward or something
but it has to be
it can't be distributed through their
service what about like if you saw like
a lot of people will download movies but
a lot of people also will visit sites
where they just watch like streaming
movies do you think that like has
anything like that ever gotten someone
in trouble before is that a lot harder
to like get people honor that's a little
bit harder the problem or the the claim
is against the website owner your host
and a lot of those hosts are not in the
US or aren't around long enough to to
sue or they can't find a defendant to
sue but yes I have received some phone
calls from people who have actually
found certain websites like popcorntime
I owe that embed a at least last I
checked a BitTorrent client into the web
browser through I guess JavaScript and
then stream the movie very Netflix style
as as user-friendly as possible but it's
using the BitTorrent protocol as its
doing that and I have gotten calls from
clients who think that that's how they
were caught streaming or caught a
file-sharing because they didn't
remember streaming anything else mhm
or downloading anything else The Pirate
Bay or anything like that yeah so one
thing I want to ask as it applies to
what we're doing so right now we are
live streaming on Twitch which is you
know something that's become commonplace
and I'm very curious as to how this is
going to look in the future is a few
things the first thing is let's say
during our hour-long or two hour long or
however long this interview is that we
pull up a YouTube video and you watch it
from start to finish in the middle and
we don't say anything we just all watch
it together yeah how does that change
the monetization so let's say that we
made $100 during this this interview how
does how much of that is should be
property of that YouTube who you know
essentially has rebroadcast that's a
that's a very involved question
I almost wanted to say difficult
question it's more just complicated so
the copyright infringement caries
remedies that include a discouragement
of profits so you could be sued in in
theory you could be sued for a complete
discouragement of your profits from that
stream well then what was what how much
of that stream and how much are the
proper from that stream was from you
broadcast in that YouTube video and how
much was not well sort of the copyright
infringement argument work overcomes
there and it doesn't really matter if
you had other things on your stream the
fact that you had this major act of
cover infringement on it was enough to
sort of discourage your profits that's
very interesting here so if we had a six
hour stream just the act of watching a
thirty second YouTube video with no
commentary just me looking at everyone
else looking at the same time is that
enough to have nullified the entire
period and now that that copyright owner
can take is do I own that video and you
and I have hit the exact same point but
on opposite sides I was thinking of a
longer video and a shorter stream and
you were thinking of a longer stream in
a shorter video yes the threshold is in
there someplace where a short video on a
long stream really shouldn't be an act
of copyright infringement
however copyright infringement is a
strict liability offense it's not an
intentional tort or anything like that
it doesn't matter whether you intended
to commit copyright infringement like
you intend to commit murder or you
intend to commit fraud or something like
that but if you just commit the act of
copyright infringement you're liable for
it and so there should be some damage in
theory just in theory from showing
really any act of copyright infringement
in any length in a stream and whether
they get your whole profits for the
stream that's going to be a bigger
argument the defense attorney is gonna
and me is gonna say well yeah longer
stream shouldn't be a complete
discouragement of profits just hit us
with a copyright penalty
you know statutory damages or whatever
and we'll we'll pay it from there
so you're saying it could be well loose
here sorry Mel is the best question but
you have the mandatory minimums you're
saying this is copyright infringement
I watched the YouTube video it's not
their use because it didn't commentate I
just watched it from start to finish as
30 seconds yeah so there's that that
mandatory minimum you're saying 750 and
it was willful so maybe 2250 but the
other thing is is that compounded
because ivory broadcasted this - yeah a
thousand users or tempo so that I would
normally compound it and the amount
would be higher but then I skipped
something in order to have statutory
damages you have to properly register
your copyright many are we gonna say
99.9% of youtubers do not register their
copyright wait a second oh is it you
don't have to register our copyright to
file a DMCA right are you just lying
about just say like a choir damn it
right okay you do not have to register a
copyright to file a DMCA or otherwise
own a valid copyright but you do have to
register a copyright in order to take
advantage of lawsuits of the legal
system in in that sense in order to file
a lawsuit in order to make a claim in a
court we recently had the case of Fourth
Estate versus wall - street comm and
they said that you have to file a
copyright registration and you have to
have the approved cover illustration in
hand before you are allowed to sue can
this be done like retro various dances
you can register retro actively but you
won't retro actively get statutory
damages only for new acts of copyright
infringement Oh hold on way this is very
interesting to me so what you're saying
is that theoretically okay so I'm
guessing that these sorts of
registrations are probably on a public
like registrar somewhere or something
right yes you can go thirsty
registrations so if I were to ever get
it not that I would ever do this or
suggest anybody to do this but if I were
to ever get a DMCA from any streamer
ever saying hey you're using my content
like I'm D I'm saying you can remove it
I could theoretically try to find that
in a register somewhere and if they
haven't actually registered their
copyright I can essentially tell them to
[ __ ] off because they have no they can't
take me to court like I could basically
do claim and they could never take me to
court for its they don't have it
registered I can't read your
counterclaim might well see they still
have the right to have the material
taken down mm-hmm you
our daring them to take you to court by
making the file a counter notification
notification mm-hmm and the the problem
then is that yes if they if you have
found that they do not have a copy
registration then you know they can't
sue you for at least six months or
however long the Copyright Office is
taking to grant registrations at that
time which is right now around six
months hmm when you say I really are
good I recently registered something
myself and it took about four or five
months to get our registration in the
mail but even if they registered it you
said they can't like retro actively sue
you for that previously for the actual
damages yes but for the statutory
damages that one's still a little
unclear because the court the Supreme
Court in Fourth Estate changed the law
on the application requirement does that
mean that you can retroactively Lee sue
after you knew about the infringement
and you wanted to sue and you may be
contacted them and tried to work it out
or something you're waiting for your
application to go through they know that
you have an application pending when
does that become statutory damages is at
the moment that the registration is
granted is at the moment that you
receive it in the mail
yeah so that's that's that's up in the
air I think right now
maybe another lawyer has a better answer
than me but I feel like that's up in the
air right now I'm kind of like a broader
question and I don't know anything about
like legal history so a general question
on more specific is it normal for like
new areas of technology to figure out
what you can or cannot do is it more
normal that like court cases and like
case law and like legal precedents will
kind of like carve out how that is
litigated or is it more common that like
sweeping legislation from Congress will
figure out how that's litigated that's
like oh are you talking about uber well
no well now I'm talking about the
copyright stuff because it feels like
for the internet copyright stuff like a
lot of this is still up in the air and
then my more specific question is do you
think it's good that a lot of this is
being decided in the courts rather than
getting some like comprehensive like
legislation from Congress to figure out
what should or shouldn't be allowed oh
do you trust Congress or do you trust
the courts now that I'm
an attorney and that I've seen many
courts I trust the courts a little more
than I trust the Congress you know
that's hurtful that a lot of the
litigants like bringing these suits for
though are gonna be like powered by like
really expensive corporations they might
be trying to like push on their behind
that's that is a problem that we that we
discuss on the channel regularly and
that I confront every day how can i how
can I represent my clients and how can I
also help people on the channel who
there's this huge disparity like you
just said between major media
corporations and individual youtubers or
content creators and when they get a
false claim or when they get a
illegitimate copyright lawsuit or
something there's almost nothing for
them to do yeah besides roll over and do
whatever the claimant wants them to do
even pay money yeah because they they
don't have any any other any other
choice the disparity is so great and
some judges are very sympathetic to that
and other judges don't see it as a
problem they can solve so they're not
gonna try if you um can you ruin it for
like everybody else if you either settle
or lose a case like that like let's say
it's like okay so like have a hundred
people settle somebody can't come to you
like yo everybody settles this like this
is [ __ ] sure I'll tell you my story
is the one that I've had on my chest for
a while one of the very first BitTorrent
cases there were five defendants and my
client really really wanted to defend
his case and we really really wanted to
win but they they made a settlement
offer and he accepted the settlement
offer and it involved him admitting that
he in fact was the liable party mm-hmm
no I don't know that I didn't do
anything wrong he he
that was his that was the best way out
of the case for him yeah but did that do
a disservice to future cases sort of it
it wasn't what I would call precedential
in the legal sense but it definitely
persuaded that judge and other judges
that the plaintiff wasn't entirely
illegitimate and the that maybe the
concerns that there
were even illegal even dishonest and
illegal those claims maybe are a little
bit exaggerated and you know because
look because look they caught somebody
here and believe it or not they're the
five defendants in that case all five of
them settled in one way or another
throughout the thing so that was really
a kind of a 5 out of 5 for that company
and yeah that that influenced future
cases definitely future judges paused
for a moment and said well I would
normally throw this out but you did get
five out of five on that one hard for me
to say that you did you you got
admissions of guilt it's hard for me to
say that you that you didn't have
something there so judges have been
persuaded to give them a chance
isn't that like oh man I okay I have two
more questions I'm sorry than dang ago
okay my my okay
isn't that like really not a good
interpretation of like the legal system
I know it's settlements were like
explicitly not supposed to be looked at
as like admissions of guilt or like is
this just something this was it explicit
this was included in the settlement was
my client will sign a piece of paper and
paper will be presented to the judge
that says I I am the liable party in
this Alfred Alford plea you idiot okay
so this includes some admission of guilt
it's not just well they settled they
drop the case and they settled out of
court or something like that right yeah
we settled we did settle out of court in
that particular case and most of the
BitTorrent based ones that I do settle
out of court okay it is it is a strategy
to settle in court on what's called an
offer of judgment but once again we have
to get our clients to want to go into
court even just one step into court and
many clients don't even want to set foot
near near the idea of a legal process
let alone pay a lawyer and file a thing
and have you know their name and
livelihood attached to it on some level
gotcha and then my and then so kind of
my final question in that same vein like
can you literally ruin it forever with
case law if you get like a bad lawyer
like let's say for instance I'm sure you
follow I know if you comment on it but
like the react stuff was getting like a
lot of heat on YouTube especially
related to like eh 300 yeah let's say
good law yeah let's say that you go to
defend like a case and you get like the
shittiest lawyer imaginable and he's
real bad and a whole bunch of other
people are telling you like dude like
don't [ __ ] do this you're gonna mess
it up for everybody
you're bad lawyer goes to court you go
to court you lose the case our other
lawyer is gonna look at that as like
case law is like legal precedence we're
like well you know this was tried before
I'm just missing your case because this
has already been taken to court even if
you're lost lawyers really shitty like
it has to go Supreme Court right you're
saying like a shitty lawyer to the
Supreme Court well no no I'm just saying
for like normal like for normal cases
that people might like you used to like
build like cases oh yeah earlier he said
that inter-country cases don't really
set case law to that well so there's a
couple ways I could see this so in
general copyright law no not really the
the case is little bit let me come back
to that
hmmm I'm thinking more like you
mentioned with trademark law sure if you
have like the fine brothers trying to
trademark the word react for reaction
videos yes they could potentially get a
trademark on that and if nobody opposes
them and if the trademark examining
attorney grants it and I guess if nobody
opposes them for five years and there's
a few other things but as long as nobody
opposes them basically they would they
could have the trademark and own it
forever and this is how we have Susan G
Komen having a trademark on for the Cure
any charity that goes out there and uses
you know fun run race for the Cure not
magnets not Michael Scott in a
fictitious you know activity is could
could and does often find themselves
subject to litigation or threat from
Susan G Komen okay
I personally don't appreciate that as a
you know is it attorney but you know hey
they're allowed to defend their
trademark and if they don't they lose it
so that's how trademarks work I Drive
there's also a fun one called adverse
possession which is just a fun term to
mention for your other your audience who
might be lawyers or law students there's
this fun and I'm saying fun
sarcastically flu operation of of laws
it is not there is no law called adverse
possession but there is an
operation of law where there's a statute
of limitations on say property and
stealing someone's property but what
happens if they have that property what
happens if that property is like real
estate like land or a abandoned building
or like say mutters right squatters but
you don't care you know that they're
there and enough time goes by you could
lose your right to sue them and evict
them from the property then we just lost
my feed there we go okay okay so there's
a law of adverse possession more
complicated than I mean even more
complicated than I can get sound but if
someone basically squatter on your
property or otherwise and you knew about
it enough time went by you could no
longer sue them to get them off the
property well guess what they can now go
to court and say well their lawsuit
rights have been extinguished I
effectively own the property so I should
now officially own the property and the
squatter can actually get the property
that's not precedential but that's where
if like you didn't have proper
representation you could lose your
rights now fortunately adverse
possession is usually 21 years so this
has to be going on for an entire
lifetime basically like an entire
generational gap like twenty-one years
so not not a thing that happens
frequently but it can I'm so happy right
law okay no no in copyright law could an
incompetent attorney or could someone
represent in in a poor enough way that
we got some terrible precedent yeah it
could happen hmm I'd like to think the
copyright is an intellectual enough
pursuit and something that judges don't
come across often enough that they end
up having to fully research it for
themselves when they see it so I'm
thinking the judge would at least
overcome the worst of the of the
incompetency from a from a bad attorney
or bad case or something but that's just
a hope but we do have cases like
citizens united where we might disagree
on whether unlimited campaign
contributions are a good thing or not
so what I want to ask you again coming
back to a twitch thing in the new forms
of entertainment that we're having here
what's something that's incredibly
popular and I don't know if you've ever
experienced this before is is watching a
movie with someone else it's better than
watching it by yourself you're talking
amongst yourselves things like that so
the natural progression of that is to
watch movies with lots of people
essentially so let's use an example of
like Game of Thrones right now what is
the in this kind of a two-part question
the first one is what is what do you
think the path is if we wanted to like
stream an episode of Game of Thrones on
Twitch where does the the bar between
fair use and copyright infringement go
right because if we're to stop it every
minute and say you see how the you know
let's say I'm an artist and I want to
talk about all the lighting and things
along those lines and yeah you know all
that type of stuff at what point is it
legal for me to do this do I have to
miss entire elements of the show yeah I
have to stop every certain period do I
have to meet changing it so what's your
view where would you feel comfortable
streaming up entire episode of Game of
Thrones let me answer that the the big
question is a fairly deep dive called
market assertion which is just one of
the for fair use factors the for fair
use factors are a balancing test you
have to consider all of them and and you
can't just throw out a case because
you've got this one factor but I would
say in that scenario the biggest factor
I'm gonna call this the mst3k scenario
but let's all remember that mst3k had
permission from KTLA to produce their
their show just for the onion mst3k is
Mystery Science Theater 3000 the guys
that would like watch a movie and then
kind of like have the little silhouettes
that would like laugh at the movies are
watching along right right but though
they have permission from every show
that they watch okay and it's because of
this factor it's the market assertion
factor it's it's it's phrased as market
who's searching because it's not just
market overlap but rather is someone
going to be able to watch your
production and not have to go watch is
your production going to be an effective
substitute effective effective
substitute people are actually going to
do this
is going to be an effective substitute
for the original work so if somebody
watches your take on Game of Thrones so
I just watched alt shift X's episode 4
to take on episode 4 of season 8 is that
he shows a lot of clips of Game of
Thrones and very likely without
permission it might not even be a fair
use because some of those clips are just
filler they're just b-roll they're not
related to what he's saying on the
screen sometimes and so it could be
covered infringement and not a fair use
but would someone like to watch his
video and then know everything they need
to know about that episode and not go
watch the episode and is general
practice like so for instance when we
were having the debates with the
Democratic candidates ok many twitch
streamers we're putting them up there
and just watching it live like through
like Fox News ok or whatever that was is
that the type of thing and this wasn't
c-span which I think I don't know it's
political discourse right but it's not
c-span
exactly so like re broadcasting live Fox
News debates is that completely you know
in your deaf corner make me pausing and
say wow Bernie is so [ __ ] stupid he's
never gonna get elected by the member'
etcetera the second fair use factor does
take into account the nature of the work
so I would say that political discourse
even if it's being rebroadcast from some
other source like if you re broadcasting
Fox News or said well you're making
political commentary on it at the same
time or any commentary whatsoever on at
the same time that sounds much closer to
a fair use but honestly I don't that's
it that's a really good one I would need
to do some of some really deep research
to figure out whether streaming someone
else's political debate because Fox News
has every right to make to make money
off of stream they might lose the rights
and everything like that so yeah
absolutely but we also have the right of
fair use and definitely the right to
even the responsibility to have a
discourse about it so I I definitely see
courts carving a giant exception for
that much currently
but less less of a fair use for Game of
Thrones and more towards fair use well
well that's our that's our assumption
right like all right because there's no
the biggest problem I think there is
with copyright laws
it's just unknown we assume that should
be the case but has there ever been
legislation or anything saying like okay
political stuff you know that's more
find in Game of Thrones right that's
what just we're assuming should be the
case correct yeah and then there's the
third fair use factor which says you're
only supposed to use as much as you need
and to know more so in your political
discourse idea could you have simply
given people a link to the Fox News live
stream and then you could have held a
chat on a different in a different
webpage or something would that have
worked just as well a court would then
say you know if you didn't do that you
were supposed to do that and that would
be a violation of that fair use factor
and then just referred stuff related to
this because people argue about
copyright stuff for the internet all the
time
fair use is always something that has to
be argued in court right there are no
like hard and fast guidelines unlike
where it's like oh well this is
obviously fair you so you know like
that's my defense and I don't even have
to go to court this is yeah I have
developed a feel for fair use over eight
years of being a lawyer and three plus
years of making a YouTube channel that
deals with copyright law and I still
have to pause and do a fair use analysis
for each and every individual case so
whatever somebody says well what's the
easy rule I have to take a deep breath
and try to explain as calmly and
patiently as possible then there is no
shortcut for that particular rule yeah
you can develop sort of some feel for it
how you're using it and there's sort of
a practical side to it that's not part
of fair use but I always ask myself is
the plaintiff really going to sue yeah
like if I go and use my friends photo
from his vacation yeah I don't have
permission but who he's not gonna sue me
like but how how what if I go and use
Getty Images yeah they're gonna sue me
so and then there's a whole spectrum of
between and then like syriza never in
the history of
like all of like fair use case law no
one has ever been saved by putting like
that disclaimer in their description
right like it's literally by border I
would argue the opposite I would say
that by putting that there an attorney a
prosecuting attorney a plaintiff's
attorney could argue you knew about fair
use and you still didn't do the right
analysis so that negates your defense of
I thought it was a fair use okay I
gotcha another thing so I don't know if
you actually watch Game of Thrones or
nothing but lately there was a lot of
leaks that came out with the new
episodes and HBO was very protective of
this type of stuff right so you saw like
basically it was either insiders or
people had access to the script or you
know we're not entirely sure but you
know the endings for Game of Thrones
were leaked to the internet ancient yet
very aggressive I believe from what I
read an aggressive response to that
trying to basically remove that now do
you think that spoilers and that that
that content should be copyright
protected and should the get more more
importantly the people that are like
kind of taking that copyrighted content
and read it so like you know putting
spoilers out there should they be
compelled to damages as well like
compounded damages so it yet so the the
law itself obviously is not written
spoilers are such and such or whatever
so instead what we have to do is apply
copyright law to the spoiler and decide
whether it's a violation of copyright
copyright law does protect the right of
publication distribution public
performance that sort of thing and so I
don't see any reason why HBO wouldn't
have a hundred percent interest in
eliminating spoilers off of the Internet
it's also the heart of the work so
whether John Snow lives or dies this
episode or whatever is part of the heart
of it we're all watching for that one
moment not necessarily watching a horse
across the screen or something you know
and a generic b-roll footage or whatever
do you think we're gonna get a point
where people are suing people on the
internet for supply I've already seen
takedown notices for it yeah absolutely
wait for just for text but for actual or
fractural clips for
I don't remember what this scenario was
that whether whether it was text or what
about any so the idea itself is not
copyrightable so writing the words in
this episode jon snow dies again sorry
spoiler there's litigation right there
alright so I don't I don't know that the
idea itself is copyrightable however the
idea is not a fact in this case it's
fiction
this is somebody's fictional work okay
if you actually knew the whether or not
somebody lived or died and you're then
you're saying that and you're not bound
by a confidentiality agreement is that
copyright infringement I'm having a
difficult time seeing it as actual
copyright infringement but it's
definitely headed there we can at least
agree that these people are the spoiler
people are like real [ __ ] yeah my
girlfriend and I literally had this
conversation she wants to she's overseas
so she wants me to wait until the next
morning and I'm like but I have to then
avoid the internet for an entire evening
basically well would you do that you
would avoid social media for a day or
two Dan I could spoil do you think
that's realistic I did that once and
then decided not to do it again yes can
we move on topics I'm sorry Mike very
divided on me you're brought in here to
arbitrate this conversation for us okay
moving back into the more serious
copyright issues do you have a strong
stance on oh god is it article 13 the
European new article 13 15 17 whatever
it's called
yeah whatever article that's become yeah
do you wanna do you've a strong stance
on those copyright protections ever
being proposed for the European Union
I'm just myself coming up to speed on
how law in the European Union even works
and my understanding is that this
is a directive that then has still has
to be implemented at the state level
each individual country has to implement
their version of the directive within
the directives guidelines and so the
directive says with no filters but here
do all of these things that tech
companies would normally use filters for
I'm really on the fence that that could
go either way I'm very concerned that
the requirement could be filters even
though we know we're not going to say
the word explicitly and what do you mean
I say filters Oh
so the directive requires content hosts
like YouTube or imager or really any any
Content any any user-generated content
site to police itself and obtain proper
licenses for any copyrighted material
that appears on its site now this is
actually towards your gameofthrones
example um so if you wanted a site where
everybody could go and watch Game of
Thrones episode you know the latest
episode the streaming right now and it's
still legal that would be this where
where a site would be allowed to do that
but would have to obtain the licenses to
support that and then what's the other
half of that well what happens if Game
of Thrones or HBO doesn't want to
license that livestream because they
want you to come pay for their streaming
service but you've got user-generated
content on your site so when are you
crossing the line there so we're still
waiting to see when that Kara how that
gets implemented but basically the
content host would be responsible for
the copyright infringement if they were
unable to police it off the site or get
a license for it and so if they streamed
Game of Thrones and they didn't have a
license for it then they would also be
guilty of copyright infringement not
just the user who uploaded it right now
the user who uploaded it is the only
party responsible as long as the content
host is following the law which we call
safe harbor mm-hmm so one of the big
concerns that people had was that as far
as I understand it as long as you make a
good-faith effort to take down copyright
infringing material as a Content host or
content provider in the United States
you're not going to be directly liable
for users upload and copyright
infringing material on your platform I
think one big worries that a lot of
people had was that this new European
directive would basically unlock the
ability for countries or companies or
whatever to directly sue content
providers themselves and that there
would be no safe harbors for them
hosting content infringing or yeah
copyright infringing content is it yes
this is like well founded do you think
this could be a potential thing or do
you think these fears are overblown and
this one actually happened or well so
the only thing that stops me from saying
that that's a possibility is my brain
going that'd be stupid well it would
effectively should rightly have been
made frankly that's not stop things
before like stupid stuff has happened
yes what happened I would effective
reaction is that this really could be
implemented in a truly content anti
content creator or anti content host way
really thinks there's all this copyright
infringement out there and they're just
ready to go get all this money not
realizing that that YouTube doesn't make
as much money as they think it does and
Google doesn't Google does make a lot of
money but Google isn't going to be able
to support itself in its current form if
say it has to go in and pay for every
bit of content that it summarizes or
thumbnail eise's or aggregates well the
idea I think behind a lot of this is
that I don't want to say there's small
content creators but the big boys out
there we're tired of the fact that
people were uploading [ __ ] constantly
and it's like you is this tight
never-ending game of whack-a-mole where
there's no money at the end of this type
of thing so the thing is the [ __ ]
let's make a Google and YouTube they
have lots of money so we can go and Sue
them when they do it and maybe now
they'll get off their lazy asses and
actually keep our content from being
offed I think the thing is it's
ridiculous because as we've known it's
just type of filter list they would have
to be made to stop this is near
impossible it's gonna stop free speech
it's gonna stop things like if it
applies to images yeah this is user
engagement however user engagement is
important to spreading the word and you
know making our brands popular but
correct me if I'm wrong but my
understanding is that it's been approved
but it hasn't gone in gone as
yeah and it could still be repealed or
not put into practices I don't know the
status of the final European councils
vote which is the heads of state if
assuming that they voted it yes which I
think they would have by now but I'm
also not sure that was only a month or
so ago was last time we checked in on
that then yes it heads to the member
states and each individual member state
will write their own version of that law
the actual law itself doesn't tell the
member state you know arrest a person
when they do this it says define a crime
of this and a penalty for when a person
should be arrested for it and then they
go and write the crime they go and write
the the version of the crime that
applies to the person in this case the
copyright law is going to have to be
written from the new law is going to be
written from scratch in each individual
member country now that doesn't mean
that they don't talk about it or that
someone won't try to circulate a Uniform
Code or model rules or something and try
to get everybody on a uniform law that
would be normal that would be helpful if
we all knew what the law was and it
wasn't different in each individual
member state but the member states are
also allowed to be individual and
different sort of like the states of the
United States are allowed to be a little
bit different what one thing in regards
this that I want to bring up which is
very confusing but you think you
probably know more about the suit in
regards to DMCA on YouTube specifically
there's this two prong standard and I
seem like Google is using it in two
different ways is that they have their
own internal system that copyright
holders can use to remove content but I
said I assume also you can also send
legitimate DMCA to YouTube so I remember
reading some sort of case where someone
was suing someone or someone was getting
sued as regards to this and they said
you never sent a DMCA know like well
yeah we did we did through YouTube like
oh no no that's just a copyright
takedown that's not yet legal so leave
as a difference between these right
there I believe there is a difference
but you can we've definitely heard this
before and the the short version is that
yes YouTube's internal process does
follow
the DMCA's requirements so and I don't
know where the misconception came from
but every time I've gone anywhere near
that takedown form it always says the
diems the DMCA takedown form or takedown
notice but is that an actual valid DMCA
that you're submitting when you use that
term it is yeah yeah it's a valid DMCA
takedown notice and you should hold up
in a court of law and should be a date
for when we sent it a takedown notice
for later reference in court I think the
DMCA takedown forms it's kind of like
you're gonna have I'm totally off on
this but it feels kind of like a
cease-and-desist where like some people
think that there's like an official like
government form DMCA - whatever that you
have to fill out for DMCA but as long as
it hits like the main points of like
just copyright infringing material means
to me remove like that's a valid DMCA
takedown there's not like an official
government form for it it was that when
you did a DMCA that you were supposed to
look up in the copyright database the
proper DMCA agent and then you're
supposed to take your data and send it
to you know you take your form and you
have all the you know I swear under
penalty of perjury that all these things
are true and here's my signature here's
my address you know and if you want to
send it and there's a whole the whole
list but you're supposed to send it to
designated copyright egypt and i was
wondering if that yeah as long as you
meet those requirements it's a DMCA
whether it we don't matter what you call
it sure as long as it has the
identification of you and that you're
the copyright owner and the specific
links to the material the offending
material and the the perjury line like
you said and as long as it goes to the
either registered agent or legal
compliance officer yeah they have to
comply with that and and follow they
want to remain in their safe harbor they
aren't a point they're doing impalement
normal deems data
yeah they aren't actually legally
compelled to obey the DMCA law or obey
the DMCA takedown it's they're compelled
persuasively by the safe harbor
provision if they walk the safe harbor
then they have to follow the law to stay
in the safe harbor which is why they
sort of so coldly
observe that except of course now we
found out that some music copyright
plaintiffs have
and em no fight at least I think they've
indemnified YouTube and YouTube is no
longer observing the counter notice
procedure for those plaintiffs so if you
get a strike because you uploaded a say
a fair use of a song
well the YouTube is not going to grant
your counter notice and put the song
back up the song is staying down of the
song is staying monetized with another
claimant and you have to go to court
after that person and you could actually
snow you can actually now sue YouTube
for that because YouTube has broken out
of its safe harbor and I think the only
way that YouTube would break out of its
safe harbor is if it was being
indemnified by one of the music
plaintiffs like um G or or can you
explain what you mean by this I'll say
indemnified like for you so the DMCA
safe harbor protects YouTube from
liability if I let's say I upload a copy
of hundred-dollar bills because I heard
it from the beat sabor story from Jimmy
Fallon the other week and so III made
fair use of it let's just let's just
assume for the moment that I made fair
use and that we're not disputing the
fair use part I made a fair use of it I
made commentary and I and I only use as
much as I needed I didn't use up the
market etc I make the fair use of it and
I've lost my train of thought and and
you get the DMCA takedown notice from
them and you can't do it right and and
and I get it and I can't do a counter
notification and so I can now sue the
plaintiff for the misrepresentation they
didn't they didn't consider my fair use
correctly and I can sue YouTube because
YouTube denied my counter-notification
in violation of the safe harbor
provision and I can try to receive
actual damages including attorneys fees
and costs and everything from both of
them interesting okay oh and the
indemnify provision normally YouTube
wouldn't open themselves up to that kind
of lawsuit so I'm thinking the plaintiff
would have to say YouTube if you get a
lawsuit over this will
pay for we expect so few lawsuits over
this we're not worried about the money
we'll pay for it so they should have an
I'm guessing again speculating that the
music copyright plaintiffs have a
written agreement with YouTube that the
YouTube the copyright plaintiffs will
pay for YouTube expenses if they get
sued under those circumstances okay as
we're getting a little late into it I
wanted to wrap up kind of with some
thoughts on specifically you have your
own business I'm doing copyright law and
we've run into a few of those topics I
think that we definitely want to cover
because we're very interested in a lot
of these legal things as you know we've
watched a lot of your streams before and
we've gone over this type of stuff but I
like these copyright things are always
like hot-button issues - exactly I
trying to DMCA each other like I've been
involved in [ __ ] like that like on the
receiving end giving in so like yeah
there's like a lot of these
conversations like pop up a ton in these
types of communities here yeah it's
really nice that you're able to kind of
clarify to a certain extent what is and
isn't okay so that we can kind of I mean
not this is not legal advice for anyone
out there sure no conversation it's okay
so yeah the thing I want to ask is you
created a law firm how do you want to
speak anything to that after you take
over you know that the failing law firm
how is the business that the startup
doing this what are your goals are we
gonna see you with 50 associate
attorneys next time this year as you
continue to be the Internet's most
well-known attorney or what oh thank you
I don't know that I'm growing that fast
we've we've suffered five youtube ad
pocalypse --is and because i'm doing
this
legal education thing we get lumped in
with some of the more extreme YouTube
channels occasionally and we'll get
demonetized because someone I guess
YouTube thinks that we're a conspiracy
theorist channel or something like that
so we overcome those recently we've
started paying our editor and paying my
assistant which is a nice thing to have
absolutely gonna have someone produce
videos for us even when I can't get
around to the editing and we have
somebody managing the business behind
the scenes so as far as the startup is
concerned i from
they're the the first BitTorrent based
copyright infringement cases started
coming through and since I was involved
with the first trial I pretty much just
leaned on that and started getting
clients by the dozens
as these plaintiffs began filing these
lawsuits by the dozens and they've come
in waves sometimes there's you know more
or less I think the plaintiffs actually
schedule these things around you know
different parts of the years will be
fewer of them at Christmastime and fewer
of them during the summer in vacation
time and all that but other times of the
year there's a whole bunch of lawsuits
that was the hundreds to thousands of
lawsuits per year over this bit torrent
file sharing
Victoire based file-sharing and
copyright infringement from there I
would begin advertising I use Google
AdWords for advertising use various
pieces of software to manage the
practice I've been a solo attorney for
the entire time and only hired an
assistant last August I probably didn't
know what I needed an assistant to do
until I had several years of practice
under my belt now that I know what I
need to do I've been able to give all of
my repetitive tasks to my assistant and
I pretty much every day just find a
series of draft emails in my in my email
inbox waiting for my approval editing
and then sending and you know I get to
do the high level work of tackling legal
advice issues talking to new clients and
deciding overall strategy in in cases
and things like that do you know
yourself hiring additional attorneys and
things like that kind of growing to be
like the you know eminent kind of
copyright firm or I'm not sure so then
the YouTube channel happened the fine
brothers went to trademark react and I
made a video about that I think I was
wearing a beanie and maybe even a
bathrobe and I talked about how
ridiculous it was and somehow that got
hundreds of thousands of views and that
was the my first major experience with
making any money on YouTube and that got
my attention and I then went on to
talked about some of the other loss
that made the channel famous some of
that was pretty much luck I showed up I
was the firm of the first people to show
up I was one of the first people to show
up who was willing to talk about YouTube
stuff you know how many other lawyers
were focusing on the community the
YouTube community so I think that helped
a lot and now we have look we have a
half a dozen or more attorneys who are
regularly making content on all this
stuff which is really cool I don't want
to say that I led the the thing but
whatever part I had in it I'm very proud
of because this is a really cool thing
that we've got going on now when I went
to law school they told you not to be
involved with social media and not to
you know post a picture of yourself on
Facebook because heaven forbid it could
be misinterpreted by a future client I
found the opposite to be true I found
not having a social media profile meant
that anybody could take it over just by
typing your name once
so rather if you have your Twitter
account and you have your your Facebook
and you have all this under control and
you're handling it properly nobody's
really gonna be able to go write one
thing and I mean I'm sure a big story
and all that but I mean I mean it's more
so like one idiot writing something
isn't going to suddenly blow up your
entire social media profile and end your
job or your career likewise having
clients as a solo attorney I'm not gonna
lose all my clients at one time so
there's some diversity of income there
and then the YouTube channel has now
been growing the first year we tried to
hit 10,000 then we tried to hit 25,000
then we had hit 50 we blew past 75 and
then hung at like 86,000 for a while and
last year we hit 106 and now I think it
can go a lot farther so where do I
envision myself I really like to see
both things grow I'd like to see us have
an even greater YouTube presence and
then also have people in the background
who can be helping the youtubers and
content creators that need help there's
a lot of problem a lot of trouble with
this triaging cases everybody's fair use
case is different it takes a long time
to go through one fair use problem and
there's thousands of them per day and no
one wants to pay
for it what am I gonna do start
collecting donations for people to pay
for other people's maybe fair use
problem maybe just total
misinterpretation of the law on this do
you have like an opinion on I'm trying
to remember if you I don't remember your
coming uh probably on this or not but
didn't somebody try to solve that h3h
and the video game attorney guy would
there was it like the Fupa fund like the
fair use protection something where they
tried to pull a bunch of money for
content creators yes I don't know that
it survived very long I don't know any I
honestly really don't know any of the
details of its demise oh and it's it oh
that's that died I don't know if it died
I haven't heard about anything about it
lately yeah I really haven't been in
yeah that's been about a year
yeah year or so ago was the last time I
heard anything about that I thought that
the the fund had served its purpose and
and was quietly closed but I could be
wrong I don't mean to miss oh I thought
that goal of that fund was like kind of
like what you're saying like it was
supposed to be like a big pool yes for a
bunch of content my assumption was that
it had closed because it's more
complicated than it initially see yeah
so we're trying we're still trying to
figure everyday I think about okay how
can I run a like you said public benefit
corporation that will be able to help
these youtubers but yet also not be the
least effective thing I've done in my
life yeah I could just end up answering
basically a bunch of tech support phone
calls about fair use that could have
been better handled by somebody watching
a video or otherwise reading something
on their own mm-hm
where what I really want are those edge
cases where we need to make new law and
make it clear to judges where that line
is between fair use or not or free
speech or not or you know religious
freedom or not etc okay right well I'm
just kind of curious I'm just because
you're here are there any like are there
any like internet legal things that like
drive you crazy like things that people
get wrong over and over and over again
that you find yourself talking about a
lot I mean I'm sure there are what are
some of those fair use yeah the
sovereign citizen movement is a very
impressive move
with a lot of things going on there I've
even had a sovereign citizen client
myself from that from that family law
practice a long time ago and it's so
that's that's that's just remarkable
that that they get it maybe you simply
get it wrong but it's like the business
is getting it wrong
they're almost intentionally not caring
about the details of the law hoping that
the complex language and sort of
pain-in-the-ass nature of sovereign
citizens that the judges and court just
won't want to deal with them mm-hmm
there is no such thing as this like to
dispel this right now correct there's no
real thing there's no such thing as an
actual sovereign citizen of us as in a
citizen who themselves has an equal
level of sovereignty or authority as the
state that does not exist there are
people who don't think that they've
consented to live in our society and
don't think that by consenting to live
in our society they have to obey our
laws and I get that I don't remember
signing anything that's you know I
consent to be born mom and dad I've been
fully informed about how horrible or not
the world is and I consent to be born no
no one can do that right so we're all
here against our will in some sense and
I guess some people really really feel
like it's against their will and and
they're there they want to try and
equalize the playing field and they they
get it somehow through their head
sometimes it's a scam sometimes it's a
delusion they get it through their heads
that that the court doesn't have
authority they might not understand the
complexity of the court system where
they might have been fed misinformation
but they these people really do believe
that they have that the court system has
no actual authority over them and it was
usually often a great deal of cracks in
this oftentimes sovereign citizens will
be the first to call the police or
something like that appealing to the
same Authority they say doesn't you know
have authority over them but you know
that's that's just part of the idiocy or
lunacy oh do you um I'm kind of curious
for it because it gets to meand about a
lot is it actually like advisable
or do people win like a decent amount of
the time like fighting traffic tickets
by just going to court and hoping that
either the cop doesn't show up or they
broke their name down incorrectly on a
traffic ticket is this something that
you would recommend that everybody do if
they have the time or is this generally
just gonna be laughed out of court or
what it's both I've been both and I've
worked three counties so in here in
Lehigh County Pennsylvania nothing it
terribly matters but just so you can
tell the difference and Lehigh County I
can make deals out the wazoo I would
often have my client pay me a flat fee
and I would promise them they don't even
need to show up to court and I'll just
go and I'll plea it down to like the
lowest charge you know whatever they're
ten fifteen miles an hour over the speed
limit is worse than that no you're
probably not going to get that good of a
deal and if it's a really really low
charge occasionally the the cop will
like plea it down to a non moving
violation or something however one
County over in Northampton County they
don't negotiate at all and one County
down in Berks County they hadn't heard
of this and they had to look up whether
I was even allowed to represent a client
and the client is not present okay I had
to get out the book and interesting
explained to the judge judge and I know
like this is new but it's not new
you know there's entire at least down
here in Florida there's entire
industries that are built on this and I
used them I have a idea of how they
worked from from talking with them
essentially if you get a speeding ticket
you hire this firm you know like the
ticket tighten your ticket clinic things
along those lines you send me
information and the way that they get
like I think close to 99% dismissal rate
is they go to court and if the cops
there or if they're you know if there's
no errors on the ticket they see if the
cops therapies not then they win if the
cop is there they asked to reschedule
and then on the second time the cops
there again they ask to reschedule and
that's literally the entire business of
how they do they do this yeah that's one
effective way to do it and it here yeah
it just seems so stupid but it works I
guess I don't know
Dennett ER debtor-creditor law works
like that a lot of times the creditor
has to have an original assignment of
the of the debt mm-hm and a lot of times
they have a copy and so I had a
a person I dated a lawyer that I dated
once would take these cases and mass
just basically take anybody's case that
didn't matter the facts they would just
show up to court and see if they had the
original documents and and a few other
things and if they didn't have the
original documents than they could
object and the whole case would get
thrown out and that person's credit card
debt was gone and they would charge like
$250 for this so that was a real good
service well that's some points how do I
do that that sounds [ __ ] good well
you have to not pay your credit cards
let your credit score tank let your
credit rating tank eventually get sued
and then then you can make them not pay
so it's really you're already in a bad
situation if you've gotten that far that
sounds less exciting when we put it yeah
listen isn't quite that easy yeah but if
you're already there two hundred dollars
could get you out of it
all right well listen Leonard
it was fantastic having you come on
today and talk law and copyrighted and
everything else and I hope that our
audiences learn something especially
those who are aiming to become an
attorney and yeah it was fantastic
having you here and I hope how can our
viewers find you if they want to watch
market
the show is lawful masses le w ful
lawful masses with Leonard French on
YouTube we also own lawful masses calm
and sees or anyplace else that we know
pretty much YouTube we have a Sunday
show we do a live production every
Sunday morning from 10:00 to 12:00
Eastern on twitch.tv slash lawful masses
which we then produce into videos for
the week on YouTube outstanding so audio
you're on better ways to engage do you
guys have a picture as well right or am
I making that up
yeah patreon.com slash LJ French and
we're trying to spread the word about
sponsors my developer I'm not
financially involved other than being
like a patreon creator I'm a creator on
sponsors but I don't have a financial
stake in sponsors org
but that's a it's a patreon competitor
responsive slash use
lawful masses we'll get you to our page
there it's almost identical to patreon
but there was created in response to
some of the patreon discrimination word
I don't mean it in like a what do you
mean by no hold on I mean it may go for
a little bit more first of our December
2017 patreon decided to change the way
they charged people's initial car charge
their their monthly donations and people
who had been donating like a dollar a
month found that the processing fees
were charged to the dollar a month
rather than like if they had 15 patrons
that they supported for a dollar a month
each they would get charged the
processing fees on each one dollar
charge as opposed to one processing fee
on a 15 dollar charge well at 2.9
percent who cares well there's a 30 cent
fee on each one so you're getting 30
cents out of each $1 transaction instead
of 30 cents out of one $15 transit wait
a minute that seems completely
reasonable because that's what patreon
is probably charging gang charge to do
that a treant was charging them in the
aggregate so we should be getting
charged in the aggregate and they
switched it specifically to be not
charged in the aggregate and they didn't
talk to any of the creators or the page
patrons and so that was that was what
initially sparked it and then even
though I don't always agree with
people's politics I don't agree that
people should be kicked off of patreon
simply for having a political message
that I disagree with and there were
several people I know Sargon was one of
them but I don't want to personally be
associated with Sargon I'm just saying
that was one of them and and then we had
a bunch of complaints from many of many
people in our community are familiar
with the adult entertainment industry I
really don't know exactly why but I have
no problem with it I'm familiar with the
industry myself I when I used to go on
dates because I have a girlfriend now
when I used to go on dates I would talk
and tell my on the first date I would my
opening line after somebody would say oh
what do you do for a living and I would
say I'd work in the adult entertainment
industry because I I'm a doof
and people who are sued by the adult
entertainment industry so you know I'm
like two degrees from general and and
and then I would gauge how much of a
good time I'm gonna have with this date
depending upon whether they're horrified
or they think that's funny mm-hmm
so okay where were we
you're talking about people you're upset
kicked off of patriotic oh right so we
so we so responses was created to be
more equitable or equality based so that
anyone who could at least meet the
minimum standards for their payments to
be processed at all wouldn't meet any
further discrimination from the platform
I know that's a really weird way to say
it but even stripe which is our serve
which is processes service has
limitations on who can be a payment
collector I just realized I'm sorry I
have to do I just realized we haven't
talked anything about the political
climate right now in all the legal very
good okay political stuff related to
what all the legal like insanity that's
going on right now wait a though I don't
know if you'd like you can Trump email
probation I'm here but I'm not
necessarily more well-versed than anyone
else okay
well listen let's get give us one hot
take on anyway you can start Michael
Cohen on Trump oh no I so I was a Bernie
supporter and I even did the whole
watching for Bernie okay you're still
you're still a good guy yeah yeah it's
okay and I and I ended up voting for
Hillary because I because I couldn't see
myself voting for Trump but what I what
I'm seeing with the political climate is
my major concern is the violation of the
the checks and balances between the
branches even if a person supports the
current presidential administration I
still think the current presidential
administration is going outside of its
authority and should not be opposed to
checks and balances from the judicial
and legislative branches as we've I
I think my whole life I've always seen
Congress and the judiciary
putting limits on a president's
authority and the president seems to be
making not just an opposition of it but
seems to be making it kind of a theme to
their campaign is that they're opposed
to any oversight and on some level it's
true that the executive branch does not
have over that does not there's no
oversight over the executive branch for
executive designated functions those
things designated by the Constitution
but then there's two other articles in
the Constitution that designate what
branches of God what the other branches
of government do and how they oversee
the president and how the president puts
a check on congressional action and how
the judiciary puts a check on
legislative action and executive action
and we're seeing an unraveling of this
right now or at least at least a major
challenge to this right now
and so I I'm firmly on the side of Trump
is doing things well outside of his
power and needs to be if not impeached
at least investigated and then
impeaching needs to be on the table if
the investigation shows and then we have
part of an investigation and the
investigation seems to show something
but then there's a lot of hiding of the
investigation why would there be this
hiding of the investigation I understand
that that you know everybody has a due
process right but we're not talking
about an individual citizen in a
criminal charge we're talking about the
administrator of the country that was
purportedly elected so there's there's I
I just have some questions and some
problems with the I would use the words
constitutional crisis we find ourselves
in today so you know it sounds like you
don't think he should guild declare a
national emergency one day and then the
next day I say we're keeping it but
there is no Burton City sir right that
it should there should be you know
things should not just the letter of the
law but the spirit of the law I'm not
saying that every president I've ever
supported has always acted within the
spirit of the law you know I supported
Obama and Obama had his flaws I had some
problems with Obama too but the climate
the political climate
even even though it was still changing I
thought it was pretty bad during Obama
it was not as bad as it is today the
divisive 'no separation the parties not
talking to each other even even private
individuals you and I you know I've
noticed that people don't talk to each
other about politics anymore this
conversation here is the most that I've
talked to us you know I don't mean to
call you strangers but the most that
I've talked to a stranger about politics
in this entire political administration
it's very crazy right now like I mean
I'm definitely not a Trump guy but like
even if I was I would not wear a trump
hat outside and make America great again
hat you go the wrong place that's like
it's basically equivalent of having like
a swastika
oh yeah well on that that I would be
concerned about too there are crazy
liberals just as much as there are crazy
conservatives we need to talk about the
problems not as in I don't and I'm not
accusing anyone here I'm just saying in
general when you talk about the problems
as as in people have problems and need
solutions not well do the Democrats
deserve to be to be better favored or do
the Republicans already better favored
no it should be more so about how do we
best serve the citizens of the country
and that's what I'm not seeing here in
the middle you have mayors of cities do
a better job governing their cities than
then Trump is doing governing this
country in my humble opinion yep all
right I didn't want just one to dive
into that quickly listen it was great
having you here today
we'll have you began back again in the
future sometime this is very exciting
and yeah thanks for you know thanks for
stopping by yeah definitely fun I can
talk your ear off about copyright law as
you may have discovered so I'll get some
additional questions and depending on
how the spoiler law goes we may be in
touch yeah that's a good one I I think
the way we might try to write a story
for that see what the law of spoilers is
yeah if you're looking for someone to to
litigate against who was involved with
the spoilers message me after the show
actually all right thanks a lot for
coming online
I appreciate it you're welcome bye
Thanks yep
thanks a lot for joining us guys have a
good
[Music]
