well I'll leave it to you to do the
research of what car we're gonna get
over out there I'd vote for a comer I'd
like to be in Hawaii Car Rental don't
you said a Turo or whatever the [ __ ] it
is no I'm done with that [ __ ] a
website dude I'm fine I feel like every
time I show up there right somebody I
feel like I've had four different
experiences where people try to like
scam me on this [ __ ] and I'm like dude
the last one even the last one the guy
was cool I met him I dropped him off
everything was cool and the guy told me
that like oh well there's a huge ding on
the side of the cars like the [ __ ] no
there's not dude we took pictures
there's no [ __ ] ding here like what
the [ __ ] [ __ ] I'm done I'm gonna [ __ ]
that [ __ ] it's like too stressful I'm
starting to feel similarly about like
Airbnb zazz well
where dude Airbnb you think about that
it's like so interesting to like spend
some time if you go over that this is an
entire company that's worth billions
that's been built upon breaking the law
like it's not like a little bit grayer
well initially I don't think it was but
now it's like full like initially it was
like I think the initial selling point
of air baby I was like I've got an extra
room in my house or I'm going on
vacation maybe and I can rent my house
out for a little bit and now it's turned
into like subleasing from Satan and it's
like Jesus Christ
yeah but it's even in that first part
while you think you should be able to do
that I feel like this goes against
zoning right so the law is like tortious
interference when you interfere
knowingly with someone else's contract
that they have like what [ __ ] city or
state allows you to have a hotel in your
house none of them you have to be zoned
well [ __ ] okay go minutes talking so far
out my ass right now my guess would be
four to really get into anything related
to like tortures interference you'd
probably have to be like sectioning off
parts of your house with curtains which
some air being people have done and then
like renting out like a single house to
like a dozens of people or some [ __ ]
right I don't know though dude like
there's no way like I have a family of
two that lives in a house and I rent it
okay so here's six like that's like
[ __ ] was okay well the law is the
main law like hotel laws right they're
based around it's against the law
almost everywhere without a license to
rent a property to someone unless you're
again a motel or a hotel you have that
license for less than 30 days the
is less than 30 days you're not a tenant
more than 30 days that's renting your
[ __ ] you don't need a special license so
like Airbnb rents out for hotel
durations it's literally a business
built upon encouraging people to break
the law like to find me one place where
this [ __ ] is allowed and [ __ ] dude this
is the hole like creating a startup
based on disruption like they just do it
make it big enough get enough [ __ ]
legislators to hope that they can make
it legal but like the entire business is
[ __ ] and it [ __ ] with everything I
mean I'm okay with that [ __ ] I do a lot
of our legislation is oldest [ __ ] anyway
people need to push that [ __ ] and get
[ __ ] no dawg no what a [ __ ] hotel
next door do you like people coming and
going you don't like it's like huge
problems like with the housing in the US
is [ __ ] [ __ ] dude like there is a
lot of [ __ ] problems going on with
this [ __ ] like there is so much I don't
understand how you I don't know I don't
know enough I don't know enough about it
like there's so many like market
failures related to housing with Chinese
people buying up properties in places
like [ __ ] Toronto and Vancouver and
San Francisco and like leaving houses
sit with nobody in them because the
value is gonna appreciate anyway because
nobody can build any more [ __ ] houses
because everybody is to AIDS when it
comes to like there's so much broken
stupid [ __ ] [ __ ] with houses in the
US that anything that pushes people to
actually like turn an eye to it and
legislate something more effective than
they should show we have now it seems to
be like way better than me I don't know
this is how I feel sure and people I
think have done that like in Toronto
don't they have a law that if you if
your house is empty you a fine or
something hold on you can't you can't
buy a house and leave it empty like you
got to put someone hold on well what the
[ __ ] is happening why is this even
happening
why can't you build more [ __ ] houses
right if your property if the property's
worth so much if the market is willing
to bear such a huge [ __ ] cost to
[ __ ] live in a place of it so the
value prior to the property value is
going up so much why can't you increase
the supply of [ __ ] house it has to be
a way to do this it's you either build
up will you build out there has to be
like solutions to this well they don't
know this weird [ __ ] ass [ __ ]
like these these weird price controls or
these weird things they're like well if
you buy a house you gotta live in it
look at the [ __ ] like the tyranny of the
majority or the tyranny of the voters or
the people who vote are [ __ ]
homeowners in the less houses that we
build the more that our
it's worth like that will never [ __ ]
Jane oh yeah [ __ ] there was an article I
skimmed a lot of this article and I read
some of it about Tokyo currently Japan
Japan takes like some [ __ ] federal
hardcore ass approach on zoning and
they're like hey we're building way more
[ __ ] houses suck a [ __ ] dick and
they do it and housing in Japan has
apparently never been a problem in like
some of these insanely quickly growing
cities like Tokyo like housing is not a
problem
they always have it but apparently like
Japan's government takes like a really
heavy-handed approach and they're like
hey city hey district or whatever the
[ __ ] [ __ ] you you're building more
houses [ __ ] make it happen like
apparently they're like really
aggressive with that [ __ ] and it seems
to work out really well like no other
country in the world does it as
aggressively as I do and it shows yeah
it's interesting and I think like the
problem that you have in places like San
Francisco is they that's the exact
argument agin we don't want to become a
Blade Runner 2042 or a [ __ ] Tokyo
because we're gonna lose all the charm
of this city and all this other [ __ ] you
haven't oh dude [ __ ] see ya but they
push hard on it these they push hard I
mean this is the whole like ruling by
majority like all these laws like rent
control and even this [ __ ] bug zoning
it's just based to protect people who
are already here like it's new people
they get [ __ ] with rent control what
new places that don't have preferential
housing or have to mean their
preferential housing for whatever reason
yeah yeah rent control and zoning [ __ ]
like [ __ ] irritates the [ __ ] out of me
so much I don't know yeah it's all I
guess it's all seniority-based for the
most part yeah but it's [ __ ] dude all of
it and then there's a disproportionate
do you know about the one of the reasons
to buy a house in California is they
have prop 13 you looked into this you're
gonna hate this one oh no what is this
prop 13 means that when you buy a house
your property tax is capped based off of
when you bought it and it can only go up
with inflation every year so let's say
you bought a house for $100,000 ten
years ago and now it's worth five
million you're basically paying property
tax as if it's worth like a hundred and
twenty thousand dollars and it applies
to every piece of real estate not just
single-family homes
plies to commercial real estate rental
properties everything if [ __ ]
absolutely has destroyed and the thing
is now pal
dishes can't even cover this thing
because all the voters are like insane
the the lobbying for it as you can
imagine is like noise so what is the
effect of this if I buy new property the
taxes are gonna be high as [ __ ] on it to
make up for it or exactly if [ __ ] well
I mean it's the taxes are gonna be I
think it's like roughly 2% of the thing
so if you buy a place for 2 million
bucks you're gonna pay like 20 grand a
year and but like that same someone next
door could have the same place and be
paying $400 a year right it's so it's
another it's like rent control for
landlords basically but this is deprived
the video because this benefits like
people that have like the richest
property like this is such an easy tax
to collect from like wealthy people to
because they have like the most
expensive houses and [ __ ] yeah you cap
the progress do you know how we pushed
it to you know how we pushed list right
of course of course really listen we
don't want the small single-family home
owner to have to pay more property taxes
just because there's a boon in tax hikes
so we got that [ __ ] past [ __ ] easy
mode but yeah this is probably the
biggest tax and this will never get
changed because everybody that owns
property right now is going to continue
to vote in favor of those and the
biggest thing about this again is it
doesn't just apply to your personal home
it applies to every piece of property
commercial Normandy as well yeah exactly
so this is the biggest like tax cut in
California if you undid this California
would be like I don't see that like when
you have like I guess like [ __ ] like
prop 13 assuming it actually bears out
the way that you say it does or things
like these weird like rent control laws
like it seems like you're discouraging
so much reinvestment and so much in new
development like it seems like it's so
heavily [ __ ] from that point of heaven
this is again this is people just doing
that I want to get mine [ __ ] other
people right so it's a hundred percent
that I know if you were here before this
happened you're [ __ ] thrilled and not
like I guess voters don't give a [ __ ]
about future voters like no one ever
cares about that they're always going
for what's gonna better yeah right new
banner have you heard of the term
McMansion yeah dude you don't know dude
there used to be a blog called McMansion
health those [ __ ]
awesome there is a there used to be a
whole website I don't know if it exists
oh no it might be that McMansion all the
one you're talking about yeah yeah where
the guy like goes over houses and [ __ ]
that are like 10 her McMansions oh man I
never really liked much it houses before
that and then it was kind of funny
reading that one thing that like
triggered the [ __ ] out of me
in Omaha when I was looking for houses I
really wanted to buy like a $400,000
like two to three bedroom house I wanted
a nice [ __ ] house that was like two
or three bedrooms but they did not exist
like the basically to get like a two or
three-bedroom house in Nebraska you're
paying like maybe like a hundred to
maybe two hundred thousand dollars but
if you want to spend more money for a
nicer house you can't do it you spend
more money for a bigger house and it
pissed me the [ __ ] off I dude I don't
know anything about like fashion or
design or architecture or anything but
some of these houses for $400,000
or [ __ ] hideous different trim in
every room different carpeting different
types of tiles like the [ __ ]
arrangement of the house and everything
like for for Kate it's like a [ __ ]
seven-bedroom house I was like what in
the flying [ __ ] is this why can't I just
want a really nice house but like three
or four hundred grand that's like just
two or three bedrooms like why does
nobody make this oh my god it [ __ ]
trees a [ __ ] outta me holy [ __ ]
development at all in those areas or is
it all like houses from built 40 to 50
years ago because again Omaha one of the
big problems was people leaving the city
right that was like a huge issue is
people fleeing to the coast oh [ __ ] so
there's definitely still have a negative
population every year top flight
population Nebraska know it's growing
somehow
mm yeah dude [ __ ] buying new houses
though it's kind of a meme as well it's
like like buying from a developer like
it's very easy to get [ __ ] with that
stuff dude the whole thing like [ __ ]
dude there's so much like real estate is
so [ __ ] and you like it's [ __ ]
before you even get into the fact that
the government like incentivizes you to
[ __ ] with property so much when you look
into like how the government incentive
Isis you to [ __ ] with property it's like
I don't know it's one of the things you
have to do if you have a good amount of
money just the benefits from there like
I don't think any other investments have
the advantages of property ownership and
I don't I don't know why they're there
in the first place like what other thing
can you buy that you can just make a
half million dollars on and not pay
taxes sure yeah yeah property [ __ ] is
everything related to property in the US
it's like really [ __ ] weird you know
what I was thinking about this so what
would be the reasoning for the u.s.
links are not as tax advantaged as real
estate is absolutely sake I wanna touch
it for a year if you an over ordinary
income on it it's very leasing yeah
there's like a hundred reasons that real
estate is better like you have 1031
exchanges you have the right to sell it
and paid no taxes whatsoever you can
deduct the depreciation off it like
there's a million [ __ ] things
homestead anyways do you think there's a
reason specifically the government would
want to incentivize people to own
property and then the other thing I was
thinking unrelated to this do you think
that there's any reason that the
government would try to push against
abortion because they want to have
higher population rates I don't think
abortion ties into population code that
significantly I could be wrong and then
property ownership in the US has always
been a dumb [ __ ] meme it's it's just
like it was like one of those like
American dream things like oh like you
got a [ __ ] own your own house or some
dumb [ __ ] I don't know I don't think
owning your house is that important I
think people obsess over that way too
much and Americans are dumb as [ __ ]
they're financially illiterate anyway
people see like the house is like an
investment even though that it has no
liquidity and like I know it's just like
a lot of dumb [ __ ] related to like
property ownership and in the US I think
I don't know yeah it's pretty
misunderstood from a lot of people and
like the first thing everyone's told
it's like up buy your first house you'll
be good to go
you make more money with stocks and if
you do them right you don't pay anything
Oh Katie first lay it out on me how do
you not pay any taxes on stocks I would
love to hear your tax advantage strategy
please I would like to hear how to do
that as well please tell us how you make
weight I know how you can pay no taxes
if you lose money she's an easy
well what about it Karen I don't know if
you can carry forward losses on
investment section rushing yeah but you
still have to have the losses in the
first place but no dude this guy should
start a [ __ ] eBook that's amazing can
just never make money and you're good to
go you'll never pay any game
[Music]
