I don't know how the Senate is supposed
to work now because I think these
changes are so fast I just can't I can't
hear it if the Fed would cut we would
have one of the biggest stock market
increase in a long time badly run are
weak companies are smartly blaming these
small tariffs instead of themselves for
bad management and who can really blame
for doing that excuses guys have you
ever lose consciousness if you ever
knock yourself out
go to the [ __ ] hospital you have no
[ __ ] idea if you suffered a
concussion or not what was it like when
you first started how did you get your
first viewers like how did you grow that
channel to get people to notice you
they're upset about McConnell doing it
himself rather the Republicans voting it
down I don't know if that matters I mean
isn't that pretty normal that you don't
call a vote on the floor if you don't
think you have the votes to pass it so
do you think it would be okay to block
all future judges um
the nuclear option thing is really
complicated and I don't know who I call
on blame for that if whether I blame the
Democrats or the Republicans that that
nuclear option for blocking when the
Republican Senate cheated Obama out of a
Supreme Court nomination this had like
been following like escalations of
Democrats threatened a nuclear option
under Bush I believe I think Republicans
flirted with the idea of it under
Clinton there's been a lot of back and
forth on that and then McConnell
obviously took it to like the extreme
and he used it to block he used it to
block the Supreme Court justice which is
unprecedented I don't know how the
Senate is supposed to work now because I
think now that McConnell is done that I
think theoretically here's my
understanding of here's like here's so
he can tell me let me get some of I'm
wrong on this but like wait counted a
congressional leadership blocking bills
is that there's an argument for that
being done through floor votes if some
Republicans session we got support of
given bill it's a little strange to like
caucus leadership to block a vote we
stall are there actual pieces of
legislation that McConnell is blocking
that would that would get enough votes
to pass do you think that's true would
you say it's right for a future
Democratic president increased number of
judges to stack the court court stacking
just seems real dumb I don't know it
seems like a path you don't want to go
down yeah I think didn't FDR like I
think FDR got like huge blowback from
that right it wasn't blowback oh well
I've been arguing with some folks about
the Senate as an institution I argue
generally that the Senate is a decent
idea do to represent a majority of
estates as well as helping ensure that
the ones who rule voters are given some
sway what are your thought I would be
super curious to discuss like the
existence of like the Senate or the
electoral college with somebody that
like has like a big background in it
it's boring to talk about it now with
like progresses and lefties because they
all screech like the same thing and I
can't tell if they actually like
fundamentally disagree with the idea of
representation in the States
or if they're just like as mad because
the states that they live in are the
most populated and they don't have the
ability to like bully everybody else out
in the government I'm not actually sure
I really can't tell but yeah I mean yeah
I don't know I'm like I think I've
fallen in favor of I think I generally
fall in favor of like the electoral
college or the or the Senate but I
haven't really heard any compelling
arguments against it other than the
Senate was modeled after the House of
Lords in the UK and that has changed a
lot to where it's basically just a
filter [ __ ] legislation wait what how
was the Senate model I could be totally
[ __ ] wrong here but how was the Senate
modeled after the House of Lords are you
saying just because both things are
bicameral one is modeled after the other
like aren't most of the people in the
House of Lords are like at least prior
to 20 years ago they either inherited
their position or they're just like
appointed whereas our Senate has always
been like elected on no senators were
appointed originally when did us start
electing senators
prior to passage senators were chosen by
state legislatures okay so even if we
didn't elect them directly we are I'm
assuming that the body that is elected
the state legislature is gonna be like
the people that you elect so they were
indirectly elected but they weren't ever
like appointed by like a president or
like a king obviously right I'm guessing
oh the House of Lords can't even propose
legislation
gotcha why holy [ __ ] that seems like
super cancerous did you see the new atom
really so you ever listen to a song and
think songs fine and all but you could
really use some more jazz harmony songs
fine at all but you could really use
some more jazz harmony don't worry we
have all been there so in this video
we're going to be counting down the
seven levels of jazz harmony starting
from the most basic going to the most
extreme and the way we're going to do
that is we're going to reharmonization
this is what the original sounds like it
sounds pretty good to me but even with
that nice a flat over F in the second
measure that's not really jazz this is
what the jazz version would sound like
this is jazz harmony level one
[Music]
so this is a fairly typical jazz chord
progression we're not using the basic
triads anymore but we're using richer
four note seventh chords like the first
chord a D minor 7 the next chords C
minor 7 and F 7 aren't in the key of D
minor they are non diatonic but that's
ok because they are the 2nd chord in
fifth chord of the key of b-flat and
they resolved to a B flat 6 of order
these two 5 progressions are really the
meat and potatoes harmony greater than
twist pretension and release and create
a sense of forward momentum that gets us
from one chord to the next
this sequence is rounded out by an E
minor 7th way what's a call if you're
doing a modulation and you've got chords
that can be analyzed in both keys what
are these core is a transition chords I
forgot where it's my going like my to
music theory goes near 5 and an a7 the 2
and 5 chords of the parent key of E
minor if we take a look at how the roots
in this progression move on the circle
of fifths we see that even if we skip
around a little bit things generally
cycle stepwise to the left this is
fairly typical of the patterns that are
found in jazz harmony jazz harmony level
3a pan yo pepper
[Music]
okay I'm not gonna lie one of the most
difficult things I have with jazz
harmonization is that sometimes the
chords move way too fast and I can't
hear it at all there is a lot of like
classic like jazz songs that I just
don't have an ear for it I ask this
question every single time horn stream
what is um there's the name of like the
one jazz song that everybody is supposed
to know you're supposed to be able to
play the changes to this song and I
always forget it
oh no it's not giant Stubbs oh it might
be it's not is it giant steps does giant
steps it's giant steps the same as uh as
some other is some other song does giant
steps take the changes from another song
I crazy
Oh rhythm changes that's the one I'm
thinking of giant steps is pretty
standard too but rhythm changes was when
I was thinking of but like these changes
are so fast I just can't I can't hear it
dryness isn't a choice I didn't well no
one's excited to play this I thought um
I think rhythm changes is the one that I
thought that like this is supposed to be
one that you're supposed to be able to
like is that the name of the song I
don't know dude like like [ __ ] like
to note like chord changes it's too much
for me I can't I can't keep up with it I
can't keep up with it alright so there
is definitely some more spice happening
here not like mentally but like orally
like I just can't it doesn't sound good
to me I don't have time to like settle
in and the reason for that is jazz
harmony often used to wait till he gets
to level six in western music we build
different kinds of chords by stacking
different kinds of thirds on top of one
another this is called tertiary harmony
we can extend chords and chord
extensions by over stacking thirds up
and up without changing the basic
identity of the core at the core of it
though these chord progressions are just
colorful versions of the meat-and-potato
2/5 progressions they're just dressed up
in fancy clothes like for example this
a7 flat 9 sharp 11 flat 13 is just an a7
chord but like wearing a gotti hat or
something this level is perfect for big
band where you have a lot of different
musicians available to play a lot of
different
artists like of course Duke Ellington
and later Thad Jones created dense and
rich layers of harmony with their
orchestras now in order to reach the
next level we kind of have to leave the
to five progression behind we have to
move away from the meat and potatoes of
jazz harmony and get into something a
little crunchy ER also I know that like
for some people they're like in love
with like any time you can arrange
something and you can get like chromatic
movements like it seems like oh god it's
so cool look at this but like I don't
know do I
it doesn't sound good to me I hate it so
much
[Music]
[Music]
okay now what are chromatic movements
well like oh [ __ ] can i let's see we can
we do this like two seconds okay so
basically I'm like let's say that we've
got a chord okay let's say that we've
got like like a C chord okay
ski by dooby dip yo dog do Bo dub-dub
I'm the scatman cool if we want to move
this C chord up to an F chord right okay
so like let's say that we want to do
this okay so we've got C we've got e
we've got G and we've got C okay now we
want to move it up let's move it up to F
F a C II no wait not e F sorry major
sighs okay Wow cool okay so from one
chord to the next
however isn't it kind of ugly that we
just move the whole chord up
isn't there a cooler way that we can
make this sound right so when you
arrange it what you actually want to do
is you want to try to get like the
there's a lot of different stuff going
on here so like what just take my word
for okay so like one thing we like is
when the bass moves up and the other
notes move down wow it sounds good to
have this contrary motion so maybe your
C here because it's the bass maybe it
does go up to an F right and you're
trying to do like FAC so maybe this C
comes down to an a maybe this G goes
down to an F and then maybe this egos
down to a C right so you've got this
nice contrary movement all the notes
like didn't move that much like if you
were singing a normal song you don't
want to say like oh right you want the
voices to be moving relatively close
together right and then like this is it
works right you've got so right contrary
movement is generally good in arranging
okay contrary movement and then also
like the notes moving like relatively
close to one another right well so like
imagine if instead of moving whole steps
or sometimes even like thirds you what
if we could like move things because
because we have this workout on paper
where it's like oh god what if we move
things chromatically like everything is
like barely is like barely [ __ ]
moving and god it would just be so
[ __ ] cool I don't think this
explanation is making sense to almost
anybody
just people get really excited sometimes
like like right here like that
b-flat up to e oh oh it's so chromatic
and then up to eat oh and then don't
sharp oh my god it's so chromatic oh so
good it's like okay I mean like it is
we're like chromatic movements at least
in my opinion I think chromatic
movements sound very very very strongly
you hear like even if you can't even if
you don't have like a name for it you
can't recognize it like when you hear
chromatic moving like oh that was did
you definitely hear something and
sometimes it's really cool like there
are forms of chromatic moments I think
I've used this example for like the like
I think that's like a Zelda boss
[Music]
I don't know how to explain it but like
it has a particular sound to it in my
opinion like when you try to just like
[ __ ]
I'm not saying dude everything I'm
saying is so subjective right now okay
holy [ __ ] don't take this to your music
theory teaching be like hey um
counterpoint guy okay
destiny by the way that dropped out of a
school he said that chromatic movement
is [ __ ]
so what see it don't say that okay I'm
just saying it like when you like over
chromatic sighs the [ __ ] out of all of
your harmonization I feel like I'm
losing like I want to hear like chords
that's like the important part I won't
hit a chord so that it tells me what the
melody supposed to like I didn't need
all this like crazy baggage of like
chromatic movements that's like pepper
it's actually uh oh [ __ ] I love this guy
but sometimes it's [ __ ] so there are so
many means that I guess fantastic isn't
shot you can follow me a little but like
sometimes when you're like arranging
something for like an assignment and you
have like the slickest [ __ ] way like
oh my [ __ ] god like it what if I use
if I do this modulation [ __ ] three
out of four of my notes are only moving
a [ __ ] half step oh god it works out
so well on paper and like you play it
and it kind of sounds like [ __ ] but like
oh my god on paper it looks so [ __ ]
cool it works so well on paper and
you're like I'm [ __ ] dude I'm keeping
this [ __ ] sometimes I feel like uh rules
rules when they play stuff like I don't
even know if it's a chromatic movement
or whatever but like some of this
harmonization I just can't hear it at
all I totally don't I can't I just can't
hear it
I used to Harvey this I'd have gorgeous
for gorgeous thematic chord tones moving
in their own little phrase on the courts
individually were nice but the chord
progression was clone coherent and none
of that nuance mattered with [ __ ] yeah
like um yeah because sometimes you get
so caught up like in on the paper right
we're on paper you have like the [ __ ]
sickest chord progression with the best
resolution and on paper it just works
out so [ __ ] well your pivot chord
that's what they're called pivot chords
your pivot chords and everything are
perfect your modulation makes so much
[ __ ] sense and there might even be
like a greater like like harmonics
sure like to the piece it would it works
like in some given phrase when you
actually sit down and play it you're
like oh god I can't hear it at all like
I'm trying to listen to like the cool
idea is that I have a paper but it just
doesn't it just it doesn't sound good
yeah I don't know if we take a look at
the second chord in the promotion D flat
major nine it's not in the key of D my
ein the second chord in the progression
I've been very lacks my correctly naming
chords in this video this should be in D
flat major 7 9 sharp 11 ok D flat major
9 it's not in the key of D my nor does
it point to any particular key one way
to think about it is that this chord is
not the result of any other chord it
exists purely because the melody note C
works well with the chord because it's
the chords major 7th by the time we've
reached level 5 musicians just aren't
formalizing their harmonic choices as
much instead they're pretty much relying
purely on their experienced ears to
guide them with their aesthetic
decisions now but the late 1960 is the
jazz okay this is I feel like this is
like two people I don't like what he
says here you're relying on your ear to
guide your compositional or your
harmonization choices okay but you just
told me the reason why you're picking
this chord here is because the C happens
to be the seventh of a d5 major seven
chord I think it doesn't sound like
you're using your ear it sounds like
you're using your brain it sounds like
you're just saying like hey well I like
C ah
C is the seventh of a D flat major seven
chord but C fits into a billion records
why specifically a D flat major nine
because the best notes to play are the
fifths in the sevenths
okay listen okay this is what it sounds
like if you play roots
[Music]
nobody likes the roots okay
[Music]
then Fitz
[Music]
but sevenths is where all the cool kids
hang out
[Music]
you
seven sir we're all the coolant so if
you have a cord and you're trying to
like figure out like wait hold on like
oh like what note should I play over
this change just play the fifth of the
seventh dude level five or nines oh yeah
if you want to go real hard the further
the higher the number the better okay
the hide
[Music]
fitness for seven that's real
but what about what legal all live
tonight
[Music]
you
[Music]
something 9sr really cool too though
yeah but playing sevens typically if
you're like if you're I this is very
subjective loose advice like you're
soloing over something hanging out on
like the fifth and the seventh and the
nines if you want or seconds right
second and nine is kind of sort of the
same thing we're not really it's it's
like that's like the in my opinion this
is so subjective right now but that's
like where the most interest is in terms
of like a melody is usually hanging
around like the fifths or the 7th or the
ninths
and then if you're coming to the end of
a melody then moving down to like the
root or whatever or it's fine
destiny it's because your taste of music
is the same as your taste of food it's
uncultured and untrained and you eat
like a child which is why you only
listen to modal non functional harmony
do you like if you type this message in
my chat like seven times and I ignored
you every time and then you said I'm
gonna donate five dollars to them I'm
about to donate five dollars just to
shouldn't like it I like I'm reading
your message I just didn't respond I
don't know why you felt the need to
donate to it but thanks buddy
examples of level six harmony might be
Bob Granger's arrangements for the Stan
Kenton orchestras album a city of glass
or maybe anything by Dave Liebman
there's also like super subjective but I
feel like some of this extended harmony
stuff works a lot better when you have
like the different timbres of like a big
band adhering that extended harmony
between like trumpets and trombones and
saxophones it sounds a little better
than hearing it on a [ __ ] piano so
that's one of the reasons why some of
these might sound like so horrible is
because like the same Tambor for this
many conflicting chords is not gonna
have the same sound as if you hear it
like in the presence of a larger group
he's a spicy boy so now we have jumped
completely off the deep end how are we
supposed to get to the final level no
Miles Davis Prince of Darkness show us
the way show us how to not play the
butter notes show us the way to jazz
level seven
jazz harmony level seven are we going
full Jacob color
[Music]
all right so what is going on here well
this is an example of in tonal ISM where
the chords have been tuned to the melody
so the melody has stayed in our normal
twelve-tone equal tempered system that
we all know and love but the chords have
been tuned to just intonation ratios
based upon the harmonic functions the
melody notes that they're paired with
for example the G here on this a minor
seven is the minor seventh of the chord
now there are different just intonation
ratios that can be used for minor
sevenths depending on the context but
this one we used a 9 to 5 ratio this 9
to 5 ratio happens to be about 18 cents
sharp from it's okay to be clear I don't
think anybody in jazz actually does this
right this is like exclusively I've
heard like Jacob talk about this a
little bit but I mean I could be wrong
but I've never my life seen well I mean
I wouldn't have played in a group that
would have even had music this advanced
but I've never seen like a chart that
calls for like this level of intonation
change tempered counterpart so to
compensate the court has to be detuned
by 18 cents just to make sure that the G
of the melody is still an equal
temperament
[Music]
that's the basic idea behind the process
we tune the just intonated chords to the
equal-tempered melody but some
interesting things can happen when we
use different ratios for the same
interval for example we could use 7 to 4
for G on this a7 sharp can you hear that
logic yeah it's um we're getting it as
such
esoteric music topics I think the sky
shakes my found and visual image of a
pure harmonic 3rd and a and the C sharp
[Music]
this is the tempered version as played
by a modern piano or guitar clearly out
of 10 this is the pure of harmonic v an
a and
and the tempered version of v again out
of tune
we put these missed tuned temper
intervals together in a major chord you
can hear the rough and restless quality
that helmets referred to
the pure cord rings true every interval
in perfect harmonic balance basically
the problem is that like for our music
system I don't need to write this out
basically we kind of like chopped up all
the intervals on a major chord so that
everything kind of works with everything
else but the problem is that like it
leaves some notes some intervals
sounding a little bit less than perfect
so like if we were to graph out like
maybe this is like a see what a C looks
like and maybe sorry to interrupt but I
just wanted to say I like your stream
destiny thanks maybe an octave an octave
for a C oh god can I do this I'm so bad
at [ __ ] drawing an octave for a C it
might look like this is this correct
something like that I don't know
whatever are these called periods what's
it called from like one end of the like
what is this called is it called a
period like on an octave the period is
going to be half the distance half the
would access or whatever because it's
twice as fast half the time half the
length right so like so like you'd have
like a ratio between the pitches here
right so like an octave so like let's
say we have some note is a 440 or
whatever right the octave to a would be
880 right and the closer and are we
doing more house reviews cool I don't
know I don't even know that means the
closer that these are the closer that
these numbers are to like to like whole
numbers the nicer they sound in the ear
I guess for reasons that are complicated
but like like five to seven might be a
good I don't remember that's a major
third or a perfect other one but like
typically when we get into like because
of the way it's all even-tempered this
is so complicated I don't know if I goes
in two minutes but basically how it
sounds right now with the way that we
chopped up the scale like a major third
might be instead of like one two instead
of like one two one
whatever it's got it's like some ugly
decimal and you can hear the way that it
kind of rattles a little bit in the ear
but that's to keep everything kind of
working because if you don't do that
then things get real [ __ ] complicated
and [ __ ] everything else okay so I know
seven to four is 33 cents flat from its
equal-tempered counterpart so we have to
tune the whole cord up 33 cents to keep
the G of the melody in equal temperament
you think of the roots for both of these
chords as a but because the minor
sevenths are defined differently and G
stays the same in the melody the root
notes are almost exactly a quarter tone
but okay but no one guys are the [ __ ]
okay if the Fed would cut we would have
one of the biggest stock market increase
in a long time badly right our wig
companies are smartly blaming these
small tariffs instead of themselves for
bad management and who can really blame
for doing that excuses this is so crazy
not it's not crazy it's boring badly run
and wheat companies are smartly blaming
these new taxes instead of themselves
for bad management that's what a
Democrat would say if we were talking
about raising taxes terrorists are
consumption taxes tariffs are taxes that
people that consumers pay for in goods
first time dgg subscription I think my
life is about to change it is I'm like
super shocked that I don't I guess
people don't care about like tariffs are
literally taxes I don't understand but
okay
dab dab dab dab dab get your subs out of
the way now because when this debate
starts I'm muting all you [ __ ] so
tariffs aren't literally taxes okay yeah
well actually actually we look at the
dictionary definition of literally used
for emphasis order express strong
feeling while not being literally true
yeah so the updated dictionary actually
agrees with me wait there's a tariff
count as an import taxes that literally
has classified wait actually hold on it
might be right literally and literally
yeah see I use both definitions there
I'm seeing the word tax in here a lot
okay but linguistic descriptivism is
cancer implying a prescriptive vist
prescriptive vision astre scripta vez
lick lingual prescription is not only
dead it was never alive it's a [ __ ]
fantasy okay
language comes from the people not from
a book live with it
loser make fun of the book my dad
[ __ ] fell and gotten knocked himself
out and now he doesn't wanna go to a
hospital because he's gonna he's afraid
he'll miss work tomorrow guys have you
ever lose consciousness if you ever
knock yourself out
go to the [ __ ] hospital you have no
[ __ ] idea if you suffered a
concussion or not or have you need like
more medical treatment even if you wake
up even if you wake up and you feel fine
you get knocked out go to the [ __ ]
hospital like [ __ ] holy [ __ ] oh is he
going to the hospital no he wants to go
to sleep sing at work tomorrow
probably [ __ ] dynasts leave holy [ __ ]
call your mom yeah well I just talked to
my mom and dad my dad is gonna go my mom
said she'll try to take him which means
to know because she always buckles to my
dad how old was my dad I don't know six
jeez I already caught no I didn't call I
got an email from mom saying that he
hits the back of his head I was knocked
out that's why I stopped to get a call I
thought I need a my stream but then I
only made it the other call
so I've read a lot that you shouldn't go
to sleep if you have a concussion I
don't think that going to sleep with a
concussion is necessarily bad the
problem is that if you go to sleep and
you do have a concussion if you start
displaying more symptoms you're not
gonna see them because you're gonna be
[ __ ] sleeping so for instance if you
have like if your eyesight starts to get
[ __ ] if you're like feeling very weak I
think like if you can't walk straight if
you start to like slur your words you
can't speak well right if you take a if
you take a nap when you go to sleep
after you look at your buddy if you
start displaying this image you're not
gonna display you're not gonna know
right that's why you're not supposed to
sleep after you like get knocked out for
a little bit well you get knocked at any
okay my understanding is at anytime
you've lost consciousness whether
partially or fully for any period of
time he may get knocked out you wake up
in like two seconds you have to go to
hospital you're supposed to go to the
hospital let's go to hospital get
checked out my parents even have full
like [ __ ] insurance they have TRICARE
they have military insurance my deserts
heard military did you offer to pay for
the hospital no there's nothing to pay
it's free like just one day of work Oh
mom said they go to the emergency room
okay [ __ ] dude
I'm not taking care of how my mom living
with me while she's [ __ ] has
Alzheimer's - [ __ ] that [ __ ] I'm not
going through that that sounds like some
horrible [ __ ] [ __ ] my dad has to stay
alive so he can deal with that mush [ __ ]
that just one day of work he works yeah
of course this is America we work till
we're seventy five till we got one foot
in the grave hey I'm serious before you
yeah what's up in the early days of
streaming like you always give up
questions about you know how you're
starting all that but like what was it
like when you first started how did you
get your first viewers like how did you
grow that channel to get people to
notice you organically advertising
across like Reddit and like DJ KSP or
whatever like what's really important
that stuff's not as important anymore
right at his way to monitor now and too
many people are trying to get in but um
yeah that kind of like cross promotion
across different forms helped early on
and then being like a first mover like
early yeah I imagine like with the site
not having that many people helped a lot
do you think if I leak more nudes like
that'll get me it's possible a bump
anything's possible if you believe okay
I like that kind of attitude buddy when
you're on the rod show and it's the last
round and you're against slicker how
invested are you in winning that like
does it actually bother you when you
lose it especially with him just sitting
there quiet the whole time um I don't
know I don't really care much I don't
ever lose sleep over winning or losing
the rod show it's all for memes oh okay
the cocaine is like it's pretty much the
exact same thing as the creative
industry like sometimes when Nathan was
like beats my breath before school I
just have a story just chill him write
the [ __ ] out he be like yeah feels like
my dad's dad thinks
