[Applause]
you [ __ ] ride the ride looking [ __ ]
muchacha I am super glad to see his
fellow southerner thought I was kind of
surrounded by a wave of liberal
progressives this is what really pisses
me off
they keep talking about Biden I'm still
pissed off about those goddamn email
crooked Hillary crooked [ __ ] sheets are
being goddamn [ __ ] prison
is that's what I'm [ __ ] telling you
and I'll tell you what Trump's gonna win
the White House and he's bringing Jesus
Christ who wrote the greatest book of
all time that goddamn Bible let's say
for the sake of argument that all of the
water levels around the world rise by
let's say five feet over the next
hundred years and it puts all the
low-lying areas on the coast underwater
you think that people aren't going to
just sell their homes and move you said
you didn't go to school or anything for
business like how did you develop those
skills I just got lucky I was like a
politically correct way to answer that
and there's like the honest way to
answer that then it hit us up with the
honest way it's not yeah I'm the only
one that loses because it makes me sound
like a dick I was born smart I don't
think it's something anybody should brag
about because it's not something you
have any control over
I don't know you're not okay you're just
born with the processor you have and
then you just optimize within that right
so [ __ ] that [ __ ] sucking rappin
excuse me wait what please elaborate
elaborate elaborate elaborate Trump has
done more for this country than any
other modern president in history truth
don't you talk to me like that sir don't
you dare talk to me like that sir we are
fellow transporters
Tyler I'm talking to you okay but you
got one mouth and two ears Tyler now
listen to what brother Raj has to say
where do you keep your poop sock the
[ __ ] a poop dog the omelet that
actually means what will you do if mom
found the poop soggy so this is like a
slang term for like some kind of like
sock you you fappin and skeet know
whatever than hide or whatever like I
don't get it Maude someone with nightbot
access man come on bro I see just
putting one more talking my goddamn job
you and trihex do and enjoy a magnum try
already come on bro is gone amen
get all the black emotes out of here
what the [ __ ] are you guys going on
about holy [ __ ] I said the Lord said tax
the middle class and reduce the taxes on
the rich amen that they can distribute
the well even though they take it by way
of bonuses and yacht that's what the
okay just think I talked you directly in
the Bible yes y'all real quick real
quick
y'all real quick come on Tyler brother
or brother Roger speaking go ahead rush
you know what I found an email the other
day that she sent to bin Laden directly
to bin Laden Hillary did 9/11 why people
don't know that black people don't
Google it
[ __ ] yeah y'all do
[Laughter]
all right no no like gas stations like
[Music]
who's the gaming you [ __ ] die yeah
he's [ __ ] it's like I'm married and
like I tell my daughter like hey when
you go out tonight like make sure you
get home early like make sure that like
you stay safe and everything and then my
wife is like what do you mean make sure
she stays safe don't you mean you should
tell the boys out there not to rape her
wait what the [ __ ] kind of answer is
that okay this is the literal best
feeling in the world
okay oh my god I don't know why it is
but I know that it is okay when you are
sleeping in bed and your partner wakes
up and you kind of wake up and they have
to like get ready for work and then they
leave and then you fall back asleep best
feeling in the [ __ ] world I don't
know why but it feels so it is like the
best like hour or two of sleep in the
history of the universe I don't even
know why but it is it's so good you hear
the door closing and you know they're
off doing some miserable but can either
go to class or going to work and you
just go back to sleep
oh god oh so good it's such a good
[ __ ] feeling I mean this was like
from the bottom of my heart
[ __ ] harsh done there's so many things
I've wanted to fix for like five years
like simple simple obvious things and
they just I've made videos and ranted
about them and they just don't add them
out of spite they intentionally patch
things the opposite of the way that I
recommend and I [ __ ] buy that company
and fire everybody one day wait you
really love could you be there should be
at your mama
[ __ ] yeah don't look [ __ ] around the
ass consensually she likes that she
doesn't actually she does trust me how
would you how would you know
no no no no actually you know what's
funny I know almost nothing about okay
well here's some crazy [ __ ] you know
mister mister was kind of worked as my
sort of manager for a while
yes something on discord I guess you
like free discord nitro so if you
message mister wouldn't want discord he
had like two or three hundred more to
give out I think so if you guys are
looking for free discord nitro there's a
message mr. moon can't disco to make
sure I ask him for it there you go
do you have like a specific goal in mind
like is there a specific rank you want
to hit yeah whatever ring gets girls to
[ __ ] me more so probably like masters I
think is the good one there's a lot of
League bonds because it means you're not
playing League oh nice [ __ ] name but
look at all the cutie pie girls I play
League okay it's clearly not true okay
you want to know the funniest way to
troll high elo players like apparently
matchmaking is like super [ __ ] right
now like I guess like when you're
challenging you can wind up like diamond
three kids of your games whatever the
funniest way to troll and just say whoa
dude you always tell low elo players you
just play well and carry their games
shouldn't you be able to do the same I
guarantee if you were to tell Tom that
he would [ __ ] he would [ __ ] rage
quitters soon and he thought so my
Destiny's racist cuz I hate them boys
who is them you know who let me Adam
fake news say that watching
tax paid [ __ ] come here
what did it do really
oh wait that did happen ever holy [ __ ]
is that like a good oh my [ __ ] god
dude I did it like train for that why
that what why why did this works why
it's so powerful imagine you've got a
group of students in front of you okay
imagine that you separate these students
based on hair color and eye color you
give all the hair color people a
thousand dollars all the people right
eye color thousand oh and then the other
people you give like a thousand dollars
in debt right and you do that now let's
say you're gonna do like a business
experiment for your class but then as
soon as the experiment starts you tell
everybody okay listen up guys forget
everything forget whatever who started
with what let's just treat everybody as
equal so let's just treat everybody's
individuals well the people that got
[ __ ] at the start of this experiment
are like well wait hold on wait we
wouldn't mean now we're gonna treat each
other like we didn't treat everybody the
same under Jim Crow we didn't treat
everybody the same under slavery we
didn't treat everybody the same under
gentrification we didn't treat everybody
the same under redlining we didn't treat
everybody the same bring in term here
why do we treat everybody the same now
what the [ __ ] do you mean we're gonna
ignore all of our identities our
identities were literally used to
oppress us like [ __ ] 50 years ago I
mean of course white people I want to
say well hold on let's forget about a
lot that's some [ __ ] [ __ ] though
let's do that real quick here and then
here's a quick breakdown of how they
rate I'm so [ __ ] mad oh my [ __ ] god
that's so [ __ ] mad at y'all right now
you're you're such a hey guys try taking
a shower you know what that means we got
time for one game of League does
Nautilus gonna block for me nope nice
no rubber pull the thing open come on
make sure you got it on their computer
else is gonna go everywhere no open it
dumbass
[Laughter]
all right I love you guys we're gonna
catch an opportunity no mo Chandra
division Oh cappuccino opportunity
[Music]
