Chea what's up you're up so I just
wanted talk to you about the whole
political violence meme and I guess
kinda your whole idea of when political
violence is justified so I guess just
this is kind of more based on your
conversation with the quarter line guy
the violence is justified what kind of
theory of justice exactly are you going
from I have no idea what hit me I what
are some theories I can choose from okay
well I guess it seems that generally
your moral position has been this kind
of rule utilitarianism mmm-hmm I feel
like with political violence you know
you might be able to say it's for the
best in at a certain local extent right
but it seems like a very very difficult
thing to universalize what do you mean
by that's dress fight oh oh yeah like I
okay
yeah like I agreed you hold on from from
from my personal framework I don't think
I would I would never advocate for
political violence or I would never
enact on myself because it just turns
into a massive [ __ ] show I suppose you
have a rule utilitarian point of view
like it seems like we could almost
justify endless violence depending on
how far you want to go with it right
yeah yeah but that being said I just
feel like people feel like their votes
or their ideologies have no consequences
and I'm very much opposed to that and I
think that there are a lot of people
because I don't think most people are
rural utilitarians I think most people
are dantella Just's that I feel very
strongly about that I feel like the
whole idea of not being able to help be
held accountable in that respect for
your vote hmm very component to liberal
democracy is a necessary component to
liberal democracy yeah because I guess
one of the big principles with liberal
democracy is that people are generally
free to vote their conscience or vote
yeah but freedom of choice doesn't mean
freedom from responsibility like this is
like I hear people say this [ __ ] where
they're like oh like you shouldn't be
able to say you're not friends with
someone just because of their politics
and that's [ __ ] you should
absolutely be able to cut out toxic
[ __ ] in your life because other
political points of view I think that's
totally fine people seem to want to live
this fantasy and in it I only ever hear
this and this is a little bias but like
it seems like this only ever comes from
like majority power holders
- are people who will say things like oh
well hold on dude it's just politics
like you shouldn't be able to demonize
me because of my political views and
it's like I disagree with that I mean
it's just politics to you because
doesn't affect you but to other people
like it's their lived experiences like
it very much does affect you you know
just politics - one person might be a
right to marriage or a right to
healthcare or right to an abortion for
another person and I think it's totally
fine that people are held accountable
for these types of votes I think well it
seems like in general in a liberal
democracy right the the reason why we
have certain constitutional protections
like freedom speech freedom like right
give you process etc the reason we have
those is to minimize the possible harm
that you can do through your vote right
so like I'm gonna vote but there's
certain limits on how much damage your
vote can do because of those
constitutional protections I mean in
some regards yeah and other regards no I
mean it depends on what's being on what
rights are being protected at any given
point in time so like for instance let's
say like if you were a woman and the
right to choose seven abortion is an
important thing to you as it as I
believe to a lot of women and then you
have a president that's elected that's
very clearly going to gun towards like
conservative justices that might
overturn something like roe v wade I
mean you don't you're not really
protected from that are you you don't
have any types of protections that would
protect you from that right if the right
portion is constitutional right or at
least something that's generally
accepted in the legal community as a
constitutional right then in fact that
is sort of a protection from one
pro-life president well but in return we
had many well an OB way was like 40
years ago right we've had many
presidents elected to have said like I
am anti-abortion none of them have
actually been able to repeal really wait
right yeah
I take issue with saying that roe v wade
is constitutionally protected
I mean roe v wade is by definition like
oh [ __ ] I know the legal background so
maybe I'm using these terms wrong but
like I mean it came from judicial review
this isn't like like abortion isn't
constitutes you protected it came
because the Supreme Court voted itself
the power to make interpretations of law
and through one of those interpretations
as recently as 40 years ago we have the
protection that you can in abortion but
that could be overturned by a future
Supreme Court right this isn't something
that's like hardwired into like the Bill
of Rights that would require like an
amendment to get rid of like another
judicial review could theoretically
overturn roe v wade right I guess in
theory but will not insulin not in
theory like very reasonably like that
could happen a case could go oh boy
actually I'm pretty sure there are
people that are artificially trying to
push abortion related cases through now
[ __ ] I should have a source for that but
I but I thought there were people who
were trying to get these um there's a
name for these where people try to like
push a case through to get it to the
Supreme Court to get like a new ruling
on it like this is this is something
people are trying to do now because well
have they under the new Supreme Court I
don't know about after Kavanagh yeah
it's like conservative try to attack
this for 40 years yeah but now we have
two new Supreme Court justices right
yeah but I guess it seems the fact that
we have such strong protections is the
only reason why abortion rights haven't
been instantly vanished right because
otherwise it would just require a simple
majority of Republicans in Congress I
mean a simple majority I mean you just
described the nuclear world didn't you
like it only took a simple majority of
Republicans in the Senate to block
Obama's Supreme Court nomination via
triggering that nuclear rule that kept
was a garland from even being heard yeah
but it's required like so right now
there's two Trump justices right and if
we were to imagine roe v wade being
overturned it would require those two
Obama or those two Trump justices plus
like all the other Bush justices in the
past so it's more like it's required the
cumulative political effort of
conservatives yeah but people would
argue the cumulative effort of all
conservatives has been [ __ ] them
anyway right yeah but I guess like if
there were this kind of constitutional
or if there weren't this kind of Supreme
Court support of protection it would
have been repealed
early as when Reagan yeah I mean I don't
agree I'm not saying we live in a
totalitarian ship right now I don't have
to tell them like we have protections
but those protections can be changed
over time that's what I'm saying like
yeah yeah I guess it seems like the
purpose of these protections is to sort
of minimize the instances when like an
elected official or a democratically
elected government could actually harm
sir I agree but you're using these words
and you're not you're ignoring like the
creditor nations behind it like for
instance like an airbag minimizes the
harm done in a car accident but that
doesn't mean you can't die in a car
accident right there are cars has killed
people all the time a democracy will
minimize or the way that the American
establishment is set up will minimize
the HMDA minorities doesn't make it
impossible for it to happen though
they're like minorities are under attack
in the United States all the time from
different parts of like US institutions
look at ice right I mean like this is
something that exists and we have us
institution like look at everything
going on with daca recently like just
because we have institutions designed to
protect certain people or look at all
the ways that the states try to prevent
women from getting abortions even though
that's something that's kind of
tentatively granted to us via a judicial
review like I mean it still happens even
if we got process to protect from it oh
yeah for sure but if it seems like in
general we have to create a balance
between I guess the the constitutional
protections and what we allow people to
vote at office because if we had a
government that was purely like a static
law and based on static rules that were
enforced very easily become a different
kind of dictatorship wait what do you
mean just like people would have no
voice in in terms of how you should how
policies could be changed
oh wait what is the way you can you what
can you rephrase that ah so it seems
like in general and this is the
detention may not be throughout like the
US and Europe is that you have to kind
of create a balance between what the
people can vote for to achieve and what
kind of constitutional protections or
checks and balances there alright so for
example one big reason the United States
doesn't have like universal health care
or a lot of to take social welfare
states and a lot of European countries
is because it's very very hard to get
comprehensive legislation passed through
Congress of general right yes you need
to go through house of representatives
and then you need get through the Senate
and have a party control the Senate they
have to win like uh-huh
midterm elections three of three
elections in a row etc ah and then they
have had the presidency as well so it's
very very difficult to get passed
through the US whereas in Europe
oftentimes when it's just like one
Parliament and then it's apart it's like
a prime minister assistants so you just
need to have a simple majority in the
parliament to get something like
single-payer passed so that's something
that's allowed in a lot of those
countries but the consequence of that is
e it might be a lot easier to to
overturn something like Constitution or
to create changes to these individual
rights and I guess kind of what this is
boiling down to is what's your take on
how that should be balanced on I mean
you're basically asking me to be like a
dictatorship you basically ask me like
well which things in government should
never be allowed to be changed by the
people how much changed which things
should be like a little because it seems
like that's part of what the boiled
political violence question boils down
to is to what extent you believe people
should be responsible for their votes
unwanted and to what extent like we
people's vote should be allowed to cause
us to harm I feel like the logical
conclusion to saying like there should
be consequences for voting for policies
that cause harm is to actually bake like
structural limitations oh yeah I'm not
yeah I'm not weird some extent is like a
limitation of democracy right but we we
accept that to some extent yeah I'm
sorry my my position comes off as so
prescriptive and I mean I don't mean it
I'm trying to [ __ ] I'm not sure
walking I'm trying make this so clear
I'm trying to make my description as
descriptive as possible when you vote in
certain ways certain consequences will
arise from that I'm not saying they
should I'm not saying it's right I'm not
saying we should advocate for it I'm
just saying they do that when you [ __ ]
around in the Middle East
things like 9/11 will probably happen
now not saying that's right I'm not
saying we should have our buildings
[ __ ] 9/11 I'm not saying that we
deserve it I'm not saying that they have
the moral right to do it I'm just saying
that it's pretty easy for groups of
people to justify types of violence
based on your poll
actions that doesn't mean I advocate for
it I mean I think it should happen or
that I'm prescribing that that type of
violence should be the way we drive
society but I do think that there you
can reach a boiling point where once
you've aggressed so many times and I
don't know what the threshold for this
would be right because I'll at the end
of the day ultimately this is somewhat
arbitrary but ideally you can reach
points where it's like okay well you
know like you've aggressed so many times
in these ways that you know people are
gonna start [ __ ] [ __ ] up and you
can't you don't really have a right to
complain about it like just you need to
be ready to fight because that's what's
gonna happen you know maybe it'll be the
immigration stuff maybe it'll be the
healthcare stuff maybe would be the
economic stuff right we had Occupy Wall
Street once maybe that'll come back in a
more violent form depending on the
results of the next election I don't
know like like you're asking me like I I
think that we can disagree on like
certain things in the government in
terms of like what's like the best way
to deliver health care what's the best
way to deliver whatever I mean like
these are disagreements that are fine
but when we're talking about things like
like hardcore gerrymandering or racist
voter ID laws I mean like I don't think
these are things that we should do I
don't think that these ideas should ever
be entertained I don't think we should
make laws against not entertaining them
like it almost feels like I'm not trying
to say you're trying to try meanness but
it feels like you're basically trying to
ask me like if you were the dictator
like what would your what would your
constituents be allowed to ever vote on
like if they even had to say like I
don't know like I'm gonna in an ideal
society everybody would agree with my
moral system completely we wouldn't
attack each other at all over certain
things but that's obviously impossible
and I mean I'm willing anytime like I
turn around a disagreement but yeah God
is a really difficult question to answer
but it seems like a big part of what's
happening now is like a lot of the the
norms that are kind of necessary for
liberal democracy to work for example
like rule of law that's something that's
kind of being under attack right now
with like Trump and like the Moller yeah
but I think like rule of law I don't
even know how much I care about rule of
law like it seems like rule of loading
rights with like voter ID stuff yeah it
seems like rule of law like follows
other things like that kind of like
follow Society right like society will
hate a law and then it'll change
eventually like but yeah I mean it
really depends what the law is so I got
with the Trump rule of law thing the big
thing it's worrying is this will open
the door to a future like incredibly
corrupt actions right like
the US has problems with corruption but
when compared to countries like say like
Russia or like a lot of like for Nigeria
where like there's pretty much it's very
very difficult to get accountability
towards any kind of powerful actor there
something like the obstruction of
justice Trump has been doing odd that
makes it incredibly worrying because if
there's no expectation for how the law
will actually be followed or then the
breaks down once the key assumptions we
have to make in a liberal democracy like
this right but anyways it seemed my
broader point is that it seems one of
the big issues we're dealing with right
now especially with like the voter ID
stuff especially with like abortion
rights being under attack is a lot of
these more like constitutional norms are
being broken down especially what I
guess you could point me like
surveillance or like massive attention
and Porcher as other examples for the
last few decades huh
so I guess it just seems to me like the
logical conclusion is to sort of expand
and like reinforce those kinds of
baseline constitutional protections
maybe but I mean it's like what like
what does a constitutional protection
mean right like that's the problem like
you would still be arguing about because
like friends like a Republican attack
okay well here's a core Constitution
protection we don't [ __ ] kill our
citizens so abortion is wrong and a
Democrat would say okay well here's a
core constitutional protection you don't
tell women what to do with your bodies
regulating that is wrong right so I mean
like you're still like in the weeds like
you're Stubb like I'm begging the
question
abortion is really difficult issue to
deal with I mean you say that but I
think there are these types of there are
these types there are these types of two
sides to every issue though right look
at something like social healthcare
right where Republicans will say like
well this is a core constitutional issue
the government doesn't provide you a
right to health care you can't steal my
money to compel someone to buy somebody
else's insurance and then like you know
someone I'll say well you know we have
the you know right to live a happy life
bah-bah-bah like a core constitutional
thing should be providing health care
you know we provide basic services to
citizens like this is [ __ ] obvious I
mean like what health care mmm-hmm
people who argue against it from this
principle but
rarely encountered somebody who like who
will is willing to endorse a system that
produces worse healthcare outcomes just
because it doesn't step on these kinds
of like I suppose I feel like most of
the the kind of conservatives are
libertarians who oppose single-payer
health care like they would genuinely
believe for some reason that
single-payer would program wouldn't be I
feel like it's about 50/50 now I do
agree that a lot of them are there but I
think there are a lot of people that
would say like even if it does produce
worse outcomes like you don't have a
right to steal my stuff like when you if
you start here the next step is Nazi
Germany or whatever right like they
always like run off I think number one
those people are pretty rare and a lot
of them are very dishonest that's
because they're willing to like allow
for this kind of taxation to pay for
like a border wall and or they're not
willing to lift a finger about like
Trump's military sure but they would say
like the border wall is like that is the
purview of the US government like its
job is to protect our citizens like
Charlie Craig would say the job of the
US government to protect us so we fund
the military the job of the US
government isn't to provide health care
well Charlie I mean I don't really I
think there are people there I think
there are people that are honest actors
that would believe like in his arguments
though but that's what he never really
purely for said he'll never concede that
like single-pair might bring better
health care outcomes but I was oh sure
maybe not yeah that's right
it's very rare to encounter somebody who
will accept that like one of these more
like social democratic government
programs would lead to better outcomes
but we should still oppose it anyways
maybe yeah well convince people on those
issues but it's harder to convince
people on abortion because there's very
little disagreement about the outcome of
certain abortion policy is but they'll
still like oppose it anyways
maybe sure but yeah I think that covered
a lot of the points I want to bring up I
guess that's I think it's good to
clarify what we mean when we talk about
like justifying certain political sure
violence I guess yeah I don't think I
have any other questions okay sure all
right all right I love have a nice one
yeah be careful
[Music]
