why do I have to talk to this guy
oh I don't play video games okay what's
happening how you doing man you're me
oka yeah you're fine thanks for having
me thanks for coming on what you want to
talk about um so I kind of called you
out a little bit on the reddit your
subreddit and I wanted to talk to you
about your last video I guess and in
particular but there's a couple things I
guess that have come about through a few
videos of yours but we can discuss yeah
what's up buddy
so I guess before we start you like to
give that little disclosure I don't know
how long you intend this to be but you
know you usually like to say that you
don't like to interrupt anyone or if I'd
misconstrue your point or vice-versa
just interrupt at any time okay I go for
yeah and at that point we'll be able to
kind of reconvene
so my first I guess point is that it's
impossible for me to defend Trump like
at all like you're trying to like I ask
me if I'm if I'm supposed to be
defending Trump in general it's kind of
tough for me to do because it's
impossible to defend any human being
who's imperfect so you're gonna be able
to point things out to me that are
pretty blatantly obvious about Trump
that I don't think are moral or ethical
I can't necessarily defend but any
attempt of mine to compare like him to a
past president or a candidate will be
seen by you as like what about ISM and
it's gonna be dismissed so I want to
stick to a few specific things that you
mentioned within the last video and the
one in particular I wanted to talk to
you about is Trump's handling at the
economy okay and you seem to think that
he's I guess miss handling the economy I
kind of wanted to yeah largely against
protectionist types of policies they
seem really bad and it seems like
there's an economic consensus that these
types of policies are really bad as well
so things like excessive ter opinion I
guess we can focus on the chairs has
been probably the biggest contribution
so far and then I don't know what his
long-term plans are for immigration it's
hard to tell since he spends much time
pushing for the wall I don't know what
he wants to do outside of that but okay
so I guess we can go from protectionism
are you aware of China's tariffs on the
United States goods yeah what about them
um okay so you don't you don't see any
value in reciprocal tariffs no why what
do you mean why
well I'm asking you you're saying that
there's value in reciprocating tariffs
I'm asking why what is the negotiating
table because they rely on their exports
more than we rely on their imports so it
would make sense to use our leverage in
that regard to bring them to the
negotiating table
why am I wrong about that I don't know
it just seems like I mean why because
because in more than one arena and more
what more than one industry we're having
our lunch taken from us by people who
steal our intellectual property don't
allow us to sit on the boards of their
corporations China has a very
protectionist economy I don't really see
why we wouldn't I guess I mean if
somebody wants to terrify us I mean
ultimately aren't they just hurting
their own import market like I don't
know I mean no not necessarily they're
kind of protecting their own their own
markets I'm saying right they all are
one of the things that you mentioned in
the last video that I had a really hard
time understanding is first of all you
seem to kind of like have a hard time
with the fact that Trump's economy is
taken off and the stock markets doing
pretty well well we may be let's one top
at a time okay okay sure yeah okay so my
understanding of it is that if somebody
wants to tariffs us essentially their
customers are just gonna be paying
higher prices for our products but what
do you would explain the going a little
bit more dead for sure so let's say that
we are selling some product to their
country right and they decide to tariffs
that product for whatever reason at the
end of the day they're they're they're
importing business pays the tariff yes
but that has an adverse effect on their
purchase orders that's the whole point
of the tariff ultimately negatively
affects the exporting countries well but
it also negatively impacts their people
as well right because now they have my
point it's it's not supposed to be a
direct impact on the economy in a
beneficial way so when I looked up the
link that you gave velasca and they said
you know a number of economists I think
might have been 100 economists they
asked this question to you know right
whether or not those were beneficial to
the average American workers
and I'm thinking to myself well they're
not meant to be so I have more respect
for the economists that didn't choose
the answer the question then even the
ones who you know answered in the
negatives or in the opposite direction
of most of the other economies the
tariffs are not intended to directly
impact the economy in a beneficial way
they're intended to apply leverage to
the companies that are being careful
that's why they're being tariffs not
just as goods but as individual
countries which you seem to have a hard
time understanding or you just choose to
you know purposefully misunderstand in
order to win a debate
I mean how of the I guess I'd have to
look it up have we successfully lifted
tariffs from China to us since we've
started tariffs a memory what do you
mean successfully lifted terms like have
they undone some of the tariffs on some
of our imports or our exports to them
and then their imports of ours there's
been talks of it which is more you know
I guess along a path was a mutual
understanding than it was before
but regardless admit this is not like a
short-term endeavor it's gonna take a
little while motor for the leverage yeah
I guess I understanding was that the
tariff thing is just gotten worse on
both sides and ultimately this is just
going to cause harm to America that's
kind of the point though the whole point
of a tariff is that you have more
leverage than they do that's that's why
he's willing to get into a trade war a
trade war is going to have a negative
impact in the short run the long term is
what we want from it we want to apply
leverage in order to get things from
them so the things that we want from
China are pretty big things I mean you
can ask anyone in in the text up here
which I'm sure you have context and
about the impact of intellectual
property theft yeah I think is really
where you I'm aware of that I don't know
what the solution to that is going
forward but regardless of whether or not
this particular tariff or that
particular tariff is gonna have a direct
impact on that issue the whole point of
tariffs in general and the whole point
of a trade war is to get them to the
negotiating table so if you're the if
the question is does a tariff positively
help American workers the answer I would
answer is of course no but that's not
the point of a tariff so I don't really
understand that as a
as a strong in criticism of I mean I
guess if you're if you want to come from
like a long game perspective and I guess
that's kind of a separate discussion but
I mean but isn't that what presidents
are supposed to do I mean they're
literally managers of entire countries
they're supposed to play a long game
sure so you're asking me a question it's
completely separate from what this
conversation topic started off and it's
how Trump is impacted the economy so
then we began talking about the tariff
it's not the way you're telling me that
they're a negative impact while you're
trying to defend Trump having a positive
impact on the long-term preservation but
but short in midterm negative impact
long-term potential positive impact
maybe yeah so I mean like that's like
that's true I'm just saying like now we
just finally make let me just finally
make this plan I appreciate you letting
me make the point yeah go so the final
point I want to make is just that you
know when one country has such
protectionist policies against another
one it's it's a lot like holding that
country hostage I mean there's really
any attempt that we anything that we do
from your logical standpoint would be I
guess that even if it has a short-term
negative effect wouldn't be worth it in
the long run just because of the fact
that has a short-term negative effect
I'm trying to understand like where
you're coming at this one
well my from what I've seen it seems
like the best idea is to try to innovate
your economy and continue to do things
that play into your strengths more so in
the u.s. things like tech related stock
or service sector related stuff seems to
be stuff that we do better and then
leave manufacturing related stuff to
countries that do it better and then
just get in here if they're stealing our
intellectual property that has that
seems to have a negative effect on our
tech industry yeah I mean but I haven't
heard anything about tearing China
improving IP laws across I don't even
know how those would be enforced what do
you think was the whole point of the
third listening to Trump I have no
[ __ ] idea I have never know it sounds
like he wants to make it so that
nobody's tariff thing anybody but it
also sounds like he wants to bring back
like manufacturing to the United States
which seems really strange so I don't
know it's really hard to ever figure out
at any point in time what Trump's goals
are because he kind of seems all over
the place okay
well I kind of made my point on the
terrace wait no well no we did it
okay yeah so if you want to argue so the
conversation began on whether or not
Trump is hurting or helping the economy
and then you wanted to bring up tariffs
and then I said it seems like tariffs
are hurting the economy and then you
completely conceded that you say well
they are hurting the economy but there's
a long-term plan so I mean like it's
possible that's the whole point you're
trying to make it seem like I have this
like caveat in my back pocket that I'm
trying to like fall back to but that's
the literal entire objective of a tariff
nobody anticipates no economist would
concede that a tariff has any short-term
positive impact on the economy yes we've
made like 1.4 billion on the steel and
aluminum pairs but that's not the that's
not the end goal he'll tout that as a
way of selling the tariff but the angle
of the tariff was always to bring China
to the negotiating table to lower their
tariffs and also lower their
protectionism in their corporate laws
okay sure so like let's yeah we're
talking about something a little bit
different than just like like helping
the economy right now right I guess like
this is more like long-term kind of
political strategy one of the only it's
one of the only tools of president has
in terms of directly affecting the
economy without without lobbying
Congress okay I don't necessarily
disagree with anything you say I'm just
saying that like the the idea that
tariffs in China is going to get them to
change some fundamental part of how they
run their economy is debatable do you
acknowledge that or do you think that
this is 100 percent going to be
effective I would acknowledge it to the
extent that I would acknowledge like
saying that you know going to war
against Nazi Germany is you know it's
questionable whether or not that will
have a positive impact on Nazi Germany's
internal policy the whole short of war
what other tools that we have in terms
of affecting China's internal economic
policy well the I mean that a president
can do on their own
you mean right yeah sure yeah I'm trying
to I'm racking my mind over other
options as well but yes
yeah I mean I'm not sure this is just
like I just I feel like we've moved off
like pretty far off the conversation of
like oh come on I can't do this I'm
yours do I get conversation oh yeah okay
yeah I got you okay let me let me bring
my - okay so I mean I don't know if
you're gonna turn this into a YouTube
clip or not but like so far it seems
like you you seem at least open to the
idea that it is a tool yeah it might be
okay hold on let me
let's back way way way way way up okay
so my understanding of getting into a
trade war with China is it the idea that
well firstly this is a conversation
about Trump's impacts on the economy
correct so that's what we started this
office I'm not trying to page you know
you or anything but we're talking about
whether or not this is like like whether
or not Trump is having a positive or
negative many topics okay yeah I
understand okay so your so the first
thing you brought it was tariffs and now
what you're arguing I mean it does
relate to the economy but now we're
arguing kind of like long term political
theory that buy tariffs in China it
might be possible to bring them to the
negotiating table on to other topics
such as IP law or whatever if we can
apply pressure to the country via
tariffs correct yeah okay and we
acknowledge that in the short and medium
term we are losing out economically as a
result of said tariffs correct not to
the extent that they are which is the
whole point but yes yeah we you you
think that it hurt yeah it just seems
weird to like sandbag I guess your
economy that way but but okay but that's
that's besides the point so you're
saying okay so hold on a second because
you just made
you just made a remark and I want to
kind of comment on that you said that's
a weird way of you repeat what you just
said it's it feels like you're
sandbagging our economy then you're
basically saying like [ __ ] it we'll take
some losses because they're gonna hurt
more than we are like a selling point
that's the whole point of leverage and
that's why international trade is so
complicated it's because there's there's
people who have different varying levels
of protectionism and any time that they
levia they have a certain policy that's
protectionist it overcomes ours or it
overcomes our inch
we have to respond in some way okay I
don't necessarily disagree that you have
to read sure I don't necessarily
disagree in this I'm just saying that we
started this off as a conversation about
the economy and we've moved it into
trumpets doing something that's bad for
our economy now you tried to say well
not as bad as it is for China's economy
but hold on because you keep going back
to this me saying that Trump is doing
something bad for the economy no I'm
saying that ultimately yes all economic
policy is a long-term vision there's
fiscal policy that's in the short-term I
guess that you can say like the tax law
which I'm sure will eventually get to if
we're gonna stay on the economy but the
long-term policy is always always going
to be it's always going to have you know
a negative ramification at some point
that's the whole point of it there has
to be some sacrifice okay sure so I
don't disagree with what you're saying
okay so what you're saying is that we
are making a short or medium-term
sacrifice for a potential long-term game
correct yes
okay that's yeah okay so it's possible
that in the future maybe we can bring
China to the negotiating table
on economic issues there's no guarantee
of that and then in the current time we
are hurting our economy to do it correct
that just seems like a weird position
characterize it that way characterize it
that way but yeah I guess that's the
effect of it sure like yeah okay when a
company our own internal company our own
one of our own corporations has to pay a
tariff to the United States government
the whole purpose of that in the short
term is not to necessarily get the money
that's going to come from that tariff
it's to lower the purchase orders of
that corporation from China or from
whatever country is being tariffs which
will have a negative impact on their
economy which was only the result of
their protectionist policies that's the
okay sure I understand what you're
saying so I guess like then the
conversation has to become whether or
not we think that China would actually
buckle in in the face of those tariffs
no I think the better conversation is
the degree to which we are willing to go
in order to you know realize those aims
at what point does it become such a
burden on the American consumer economy
and that's an interesting question
because China really doesn't give us any
idle Goods the things that China and
really that things that most of the
world give us are consumer goods you
know we get like TVs we get nice cheap
electronics none of these things are
necessities while we provide much of the
world with foodstuffs and things that
are vital so we do have a lot of
leverage and the Trump is good to use
that leverage in a way that apparently
no other president had weight so you
[ __ ] me i if we're gonna have a debate
on this specific topic I wouldn't need
to be more prepared because it sounds
like a lot of what you're saying is
really wrong so you're what specifically
because we're sure so you're claiming
that we export things to China that they
wouldn't be able to get anywhere else or
produce themselves not no no no I'm
saying that the things that we export to
China and to the rest of the world are
more necessity based I'm trying to think
of it there's a [ __ ] word for it I'm
sorry I can't burst customer-based area
no no no it's it's not commodities but
something very similar to it foodstuffs
things that people are necessities those
are the things that we export as a
country more than any other country and
the things that we import are typically
consumer electronics things that are
frivolous do you disagree with that I
honestly don't know it seems
disagreeable for me I feel like China
there are certain natural resources that
we do import like you know aa steel and
aluminum but those things are used for
things that we're not in shortage of
right now I mean you steel and aluminum
not to get too nuanced into this but
those are used for like multifamily
units for for corporate construction
these are things that we are in surplus
of right now we're in a housing shortage
right now so we do need domestic
manufacturers for the brick for the for
the wood for the timber those are things
that we produce internally in great
numbers but we have a shortage of the
finished product of those things so
we're not really hurting for imports
right now and I don't really see as a
bad thing to utilize the tool the one
tool that the president has it is
disposal his immediate disposal in order
to you know affect global trade I don't
see that as a problem and you know just
because you probably were you know I
don't know more intelligent or more
educated on the matter the
the last guy that you debated I don't
know if he just didn't understand any of
these points or he's not you know
nuanced in in in international trade not
that I am in any way but this is like
basic 101 stuff when it comes to tariff
thing and I don't know if anyone's ever
discussed it with you yeah I just I've
read like a ton of articles from
