[ __ ] hello wait I'm streaming is this
okay no you get I can't are you trolling
or should I or no it's fine oh I don't
[ __ ] know okay what's going on in
here
listen destiny yeah we confirmed that
Barry didn't leak my DMS
and it's also confirmed that me and no
but did have sex yeah wait well this
ladder was already confirmed I don't
know about the former oh you did the
test or whatever okay the former means
the first thing you mentioned the latter
means the second thing you mentioned
right okay I'm sorry
we already know that you two hooked up
okay we have that under control we
didn't know about you and Barry whether
or not the Barry thing was confirmed so
that was unconfirmed but you ran the
test and how do you know because he's
just if Barry would have done it he
would have just tweeted it on his own
account there is no way he would have
made a second account and tried to leak
it in some sneaky ass way Barry would
have just said it on my stream in front
of everyone and been a dick like that's
what he would have done so there's no
way that he did it behind somebody's
like going through stick Barry is just a
he's not sneaky he's just he's just an
idiot you know what I mean does it make
sense okay what he wants you to think
what if he's actually a mastermind and
just plays dumb where the current
suspects current suspects would be Kay
bubbles
which I don't think she did it either I
just or phone eyes or whatever but I
don't think they did it either so I
really have no idea dude I really have
no idea or Nova herself but why the [ __ ]
would she do that or me but why would I
do that
we've literally proved that I didn't
link about yes we prove that you didn't
link it that's true so like who the [ __ ]
did it there's just no suspects at this
point like it just doesn't make any
sense there's a lot of suspects but I
think your feelings your people are
getting involved
okay well destiny can you take the
change as the equation and figure this
out for me please because you care about
your friends
and you don't want to believe that
someone would do this to you yeah well
whoever did it's getting cut off dude no
more credit cards for them wait Nova did
you give him the the 27 head logic thing
that you figured out he didn't um did
you were you able to like narrow down
like who could have been based on that
or no well so from my understanding it
had to been before like the first to the
fourth I would say it was probably taken
around those days so it's before they
moved into the house okay so who could
it have been
does that narrow anything down anybody
that could have came into mrs. gifts
house or anyone that lives there and
those last two days we can completely
confirm though that the photos were
taken I would say on the first if I had
to guess so whoever is at the house that
day is a suspect you know I was at I was
at mrs. house and my computer was there
too and if the DMS were leaked on
September 1st I would have been at miss
Kazue sat that point time plus I did
leave my computer there what while I was
getting my internet fixed
I left my computer at Miss Kip's house
with my Twitter logged in so that does
make some sense can we actually go
through the list of people who hate me
there because like I don't think II Bob
would you know well you have a suspect
yeah I was probably at the gym or
probably just doing some Elle's or some
[ __ ] there's no way those are two people
off
yeah there's no way mischief would do it
um well I could see Miss doing it but I
don't think he did do it because he was
in California so yeah do we approve that
he was in California California person
yeah uh well unless you know didn't
actually know miss wouldn't do it
actually I don't think miss would do it
miss me there's no way miss would do
this yeah this isn't about who would do
it or not let's just see like where
everyone was so Miss kiff was confirmed
on the first in California no not on the
first he was at the house when my
computer was there and he could have
logged into my twitter and looked at it
and my my mother saying it could have
been it could not have been on the first
okay what date do you think that it was
what diamond what day do you think it
was then he said Mitch
couldn't have been taken on the first
okay when was it's taken okay this is
ridiculous dude I don't know when was it
taken them all right we're gonna start
writing stuff down okay can we confirm
that the photographs were indeed taken
on the 1st of September he said
explained this look at the tweets it
scrolled all the way down okay he's
saying this tweet right here
he's scrolled all the way down Mitch and
write flicker he says he knows who it is
oh it's slicker way if he doesn't you
should ban him oh you can't ban him ban
from your chats if he comes any trolls
[ __ ] don't waste my [ __ ] time he's
dumb as [ __ ] is does he actually know or
is he just coming in to say some real
dumb [ __ ] bring him in do it yeah what's
up yo what's up dude what's up all right
yo cuz it's annoying dude why would you
suspect I'm trolling me alright I don't
please take him oh my god he's right a
troll I feel it whoa what des hey are
you okay mate what the foot all right
the guy that done it was you guys a
[ __ ] skank I'm kicking it oh my god
take this guy out it I can't believe you
[ __ ] thought this guy remove this guy
from the call get him the [ __ ] out of
here oh my gosh [ __ ] take this guy
out what in the [ __ ] is this [ __ ] Oh
Adam
Nova [ __ ] right-click remove this
[ __ ] get him out no but neither
another Nova No
Magne Magne bragging about the hog and I
cannot no Mira moving over right click
okay okay let's think here let's think
here okay so so my mod is saying that it
was taken on Sunday which this would
have been last Sunday you realize that
right when was last Sunday
no it wasn't last Sunday look at the
[ __ ] games I say okay this is Friday
look this is how far are you from the
air people that was like that was before
like a week before it came out I was
planning the trip yeah I know I know
Thursday but it says Sunday and it's all
the way scroll down so what date was it
again I posted our screenshots cuz I
didn't delete them I have them and our
screenshot that says the deeds look
diamond dick sang is on Tuesday or
Wednesday now look at the days when do
you open it up on stream okay
discord yeah open it up they're the same
dm's that are leaked but like from my
perspective on my phone okay this same
oh this is the same way can you show me
the one that has like what okay
hold on a second if you look at the
dates mine I took those today by the way
Oh taken this week it would have said
Sunday for me they're saying
photoshopped but this is what you're
saying okay
okay guys here is the current evidence
okay if we look at these pictures show
our dams live on screen if we look at
these pictures if I throw a line on this
picture at the very bottom here you can
see that this DM is scrolled all the way
down fact that it scrolled all the way
down if we compare the dates we can know
for sure then that the picture was taken
at the very latest at this date right or
we can narrow the time I deleted my dams
with you know open the ones that you
have under the thing right now
oh oh this one yeah okay yeah here's the
other one
do you see the scroll bar in the bottom
right
right next to the bottom which means
those were the last messages that person
had otherwise it would be higher up yes
true which means that was taken on a
Sunday right most likely or around that
time
it says Sunday so yes well so Nova the
question would be when was the next
message that you owe on the 4th you can
see on my DM
were you like oh so that okay so we know
that it was taken between the first hold
on
and all the dams leaked before that were
the ones like messages before these
messages yes they don't have anything
afterwards they have no more access
otherwise they wouldn't leak the other
show because we talked about like way
juicier yeah and wait this is this also
doesn't add up
why did they leak you and i's
conversation and Aria Nina my DMS are
filled with girls that they could leak
but instead they just leak Aria Nina and
you why what's the connection I need to
prove that you were [ __ ] Kay bubbles
yeah but like what the hell is fasting
about it and didn't believe you wait who
was it tricky it was neither of you are
confirming it it was wait you think it
was tricky
no no but is that what you're getting it
yes okay okay hey we have the
photographs were for sure taken between
the first at 7:30 CST you were in Cal
I'm sorry were you in Austin or we use
or else okay that's fine all right so
basically this happened when my I left
my computer at mrs. house from the first
until the fourth because my internet was
not ready by the way it's not hold on
this is important you are 100 cent sure
that it was in Austin because of the
time zones that you see in the
screenshots correct yes okay
like if you confirm the times like I can
show you the other dams the same
versions but on my phone as well that's
okay so we know that this was taken in a
CST time zone okay okay
our primary suspects are number one Kay
bubbles o YK bubbles
yeah she wasn't there she wasn't
anywhere in she wasn't exposed to your
computer from the first to the fourth
she could have gone through my phone but
this is not a computer
yeah she was not the computer you had no
access to my computer no so many other
people's said dude they moved in here on
like the third or some [ __ ] and then
there was no internet here for a long
time like there was no internet hold on
wait am I an idiot wait wait wait hold
on hold hold on on this picture is this
is their phone right we can see the time
in the top left wait oh so this is us
wait hold on I'm sorry this is some real
those are both my screenshots wait you
took pictures of no do you see that's a
screenshot of the Twitter post that's
where there's parts on it
that's a screenshot of the Twitter yes
it's not the wrong image that they
posted on Twitter oh the raw image
wouldn't have included a screenshot oh
no because the raw image would be a
picture not a screenshot right yeah okay
okay that's fine okay but yeah no K
bubbles is mentioned for like you know
the threesome thing like why would she
leave that herself like I don't know
space baby yeah I don't think the thing
is that was a complete joke I was not
actually gonna have a threesome with
Kaiba okay bubbles and Orion wait did
Kaylee not at all have the means to do
this then we she know we're near any of
your computers from the first floor I
honestly don't think cake cake no I
don't care what you think we just find
out who is possible who did it okay it
was possible right okay but it probably
wasn't her it probably wasn't possible
for Kay Boulder to do this no also I
think the reason that she got so
defensive is because like she she didn't
know what to do because the whole can
he was like planning on her and then she
blamed me just like okay I don't care
about that she's actually good kid all
right all right
tricky well she did she have the means
between the first and the fourth or the
opportunity oh yeah she did
what dates she had she had she had an
opportunity all of those dates I was
staying at miss skips house with tricky
in the same room I could have gone and
grabbed a coffee she could have gone to
my [ __ ] I could have I left my computer
there she could have I was letting her
borrow my computer to stream on so she
could have easily gone through my [ __ ]
what I'm we literally already ruled you
out that's true yeah you get her out of
here she's compromising the
investigation make her leave she's
compromised [ __ ] she's a suspect she
can't be involved in this process
get her out okay make her leave get me
some car keys let her drive through some
stuff leave the room she's compromising
our investigation right now okay wait
Kaylee can I call you Kay Boulder okay I
can't call you that how about Kay belly
okay Kate why did they say Kate belly
that's like a pregnancy joke or what the
[ __ ] does that mean
okay so mystery key had the opportunity
okay she obviously has motivation
because she's been spurred by Mitch no
but the thing is trick he's done it he's
sneaky streaky's not a trick he's not a
sneaky snake like that listen women do a
lot of crazy [ __ ] when they feel like
you're [ __ ] him over okay destiny I
was very transparent with her that we're
not dating
listen I've learned so much in the past
year of my life they're being
transparent what people doesn't matter
because they lie about their feelings
okay but then okay so wait here's theory
theory do their tricky did it hey check
it out check it out
tricky did it sent it to fawn yes spawn
exposed it also the cliff where fawn
goes in on cutie stream I think that
was kind of like isn't it strange that
QD didn't like tell her to shush and
like let her do that cuz if somebody's
about to leak whispers you'd be like hey
whoa I'm streaming what they do that's
massive conspiracy theory and everyone
know what was going on do you know what
do you remember me leaving my computer
there with tricky upstairs you remember
and she looked at the yeah so so any of
you guys could have gone through my DMS
okay no beru do not leak this I don't I
don't think okay
no wait Ricky was streaming on my
computer on the 4th of September at mrs.
house on my PC Mike Twitter was for sure
logged in so that that's also saying
something ok so who did it Oh what but
why though why what are ya no no no no
okay I think okay so right now
everything is pointing towards towards
tricky right yes or tricky or or who
else was the suspect kay belly's not
right just true though so wasn't taking
on Sunday but it could have been taken
like one or two days after yeah why how
do you been taking between the 1st and
the 4th okay yeah but probably like the
2nd or 3rd before they moved into the
house this is all making sense now it
has I messaged him on the 4th and then
we start talking and after thanks we had
like three days without talking and then
we no no it would have happened at
Mitch's house for sure so it was anybody
at mrs. house between the 1st and the
4th ok let's start let's wait let's
eliminate let's eliminate some people ok
hold on cuz there's a lot of names here
just want to make sure we got okay I
okay just limited experience I don't
think Rob would ever do anything like
this
do we feel comfortable just like
scratching him okay so no who the [ __ ]
is Russell somebody yes he did wait
who's Russell Russell's uh the guy that
lives at MS Gibbs house in the in the
basement okay
that's interesting okay axion is that's
the guy talking in here right yeah why
do we think he did it because our union
SDM is early and Arianna is accusing him
stalking her
whoa my conspiracy was he realized that
it wouldn't get traction so I put my
dams with Mitch because I was hanging
out with them and I'm going wait wait I
have like a sense like I have so much
worse dirt has about Nina do wait a
second okay hold on
what about what is this picture look we
can see here that screenshots were taken
on the seventh okay oh yeah wait so this
is like so nobody looked at my shame
scrolled all the way the [ __ ] up holy
[ __ ] this is my way is this because we
can't say that this is scroll down at
all right look at the top right the
first in the second so yeah so it hadn't
been days after the second on in a way
because we conceived the screenshot in
the top left we see the tube so you know
that it was taken after September 2nd
wait hold on wait let's think about this
as well so obviously if they were gonna
post their own mitches computer there be
no browser history they took it on their
phone went on somebody else's computer
and uploaded existence okay there's no
thing I shouldn't look through my
browser history you can it's worth the
shot but I'm just saying that it would
have been uploaded on somebody else's
computer but it's because it's like you
you know why would you put that in your
country I mean they took the pictures
off somebody's phone yeah that's true
thank you for the subdued that it was
they're not Twitter web clients like did
on somebody else's computer and they
probably would have been in history
anyway yeah that's true that is her Maya
to the road why keep in mind there was a
new DM leaked last night right
so the person still has images on their
phone yeah so and it was after all the
[ __ ] or somewhere yeah wait
they also posted it after all the
[ __ ] on Twitter and they added K
belt bubbles and tricky and who else was
posted a 5 iam who was up at 5 a.m. last
night who the [ __ ] was awake at 5 a.m.
last night tweeting like what where was
everyone's alibi at 5 a.m. yeah where
were you last night action at 5 a.m.
well ok where was person I was with Miz
they were all in the room they were all
in [ __ ] Europe room where was tricky
Ricky was in the room with everybody
else but you could have done this on her
phone yeah true but this one says
computer doesn't it no it doesn't we go
down it says Twitter web client oh time
for an or a if it's done in a Twitter
web client they could be using the
mobile Twitter browser ok who was up
last night at 5 o'clock in the morning
in my house it was literally just mean
accident what are you talking about
everyone was awake if nothing was they
went to it they went to bed yes this
cutie was sitting on the [ __ ] missile
where was tricky and fun with you I have
a baby monitor wait because she was
tweeting at the same time Oh like wait
let me see where she messaged me what
time she messaged me don't look what she
blocked me Europe was actually passed
out dude wait this would have been
yesterday okay so she messaged me at
3:40 and it was taken at 5:18 so that
was half an hour like she couldn't have
gone to sleep in half an hour and she
could have but wait 340 and 518 is on us
an hour and a half oh wait you'll miss
who is your mantra craps
why is he adding me and saying [ __ ] you
yeah who the [ __ ] is that dude alright
listen it relax with that [ __ ] dude
alright anyway yo let's let's think
about this let's think about this oh
wait we can narrow down a little bit
more was taken on a Tuesday or a
Wednesday
taken on Sunday it would just show the
time it was taken on Monday it would say
yesterday so it could only be on the
third to the fourth wait a second no 10
days there's a bungee here since this
was taking way no no actually this
doesn't necessarily mean it was mrs.
Mouse bungee it doesn't mean that this
could have been my computer too like how
would they have gone to mrs. computer
and log into my Twitter it's if they
don't know my password they could they
had to do it for my PC this doesn't add
up this is simply a wire this is a
spaghetti wire for me doing my [ __ ]
like I'm really bad at like wire
management or whatever the [ __ ] so yeah
yeah they're saying this cord right here
at the very bottom corner means that it
was on mrs. computer with a bungee but
it's not true it's not true check your
browser history it's not gonna do
anything I'm not gonna go to my browser
history and there's also probably porn
in there so I don't want to go through
that okay wait wait Mitch dude it looks
just like my bungee though the exact
same thing well how the [ __ ] would your
computer go log into my Twitter ms/ms
Kim right now is running is is running
defense for tricky guaranteed if he's
gonna talk in here
you need to have his camera on he can't
lie I've just seen a federal lyin person
he can't do it actually make him turn
his camera on hey if any missteps get
somebody to Ellis up today make sure to
take them out guys destinies lost weight
show me miss turn your camera toward
your computer and show me the Bungie
fullscreen it wait why does this matter
why do we care what the Bungie because
he's trying to say my computer therefore
it's only like but they wouldn't have
uploaded on his computer right I'll
check it in the second okay I'll check
it in this there is porn in my browser
history I will not show that on stream
sorry okay um so yeah just give me a
second
wait link this original picture is this
for sure a bungee is there like can we
get some enhancement there's like twenty
seven pixels in this oh and brighten it
see if we see a reflection that's mrs.
Sarah wait what see what you mean though
you don't what I don't see it you don't
see what the thing that would have been
like in the photo
oh look so I'm zooming it on my stream
there's a little thing that people are
saying is like a mouse bungee okay look
everybody eyes this doesn't make any
sense
how would tricky log into my Twitter on
mrs. computer you have no I don't have
auto pest the only it's Auto logs in on
my PC she had yeah might if she logged
out and then tried to log in so I'm the
Twitter password thing she could get
your password no good no no no no no
yeah I don't know the promise like that
I don't know if we have enough pixels
here to actually know if this is a mouse
bungee like this could be anything like
it's not a very high-resolution shot
it's just a random quarter yeah anything
could be a lot of [ __ ] okay we need to
figure out where tricky was when this
account was tweeting yesterday where was
tricky that's very true
like this should be like priority number
one like we should do you know that we
don't know that miss tell your Chad to
stop adding me for I am [ __ ] good
I'll report you for harassment
why do you these one man spamming
[ __ ] dude holy [ __ ] okay go ahead
good listen miss tricky was in her room
last night I swear it was
they find the footage I don't take
videos of people in my house I don't
know what not Ustream isn't everything
you do on stream a video of your house
dude I'm the only one that [ __ ] clawed
him so he lies he's so many lies deep I
know he does even know what the [ __ ]
he's saying ya ear Abdoulaye Ville
everyday human life oh so you do take
videos of people in your house but wait
we all done what if miss gif is covering
for tricky why would you what because
miss Kim has already shown that he's
willing to take shots and play sides you
did that tweet I saw that tweet miss I
was a real sneaky tweet it's not about
you doing it's just about you trying to
cover up for tricky right now true and
going to Twitter I do not take people's
phones when they go to bed here I don't
do that so it was also drunk and yeah
these are already taken so don't mind at
all Twitter and post them yes she issues
basically someone took pictures of my
DMS and also had further ammunition
just in case [ __ ] hit the fan so whoever
did this planned out it to be exposed
and to also have further information
once a dig it exposed okay Chad missed
Ricky went after you do you really think
she's that smart okay she didn't know I
did I don't but here is the narrative
that I'm then I'm weaving okay then I
think Nova is kind of weave this
together is what I'm thinking okay
dude dude miss get your chatter consider
tryharding [ __ ] ignore them Mitch focus
on the investigation okay listen tricky
and faun tricky is taking screenshots
the passing it back before between her
and fawn they're talking a lot of [ __ ]
and eventually they decide to start
leaking [ __ ] because they get really
[ __ ] ass mad that's what I think is
going on here say one thing okay silence
I was
currently informed by a very close
friend that there was these screenshots
before they're posted on twitter sent by
those people and a group chat and then
they deleted it and then post it on
social media okay you lost me the second
you started talking oh okay wait wait
wait
you don't repeat [ __ ] okay wait do you
but do you think that are these people
like tech competent like they saw
they're not like [ __ ] dumbest [ __ ]
they so they're saying that either fawn
or tricky posted these in a group chat
and then and they did it to expose us
and then like after that they posted
them on Twitter but they kicked them on
from the group and deleted them
afterwards oh well why would the few
other people in this group chat like
smaller streamers this is so random what
a little weird your friend is it just
happens too [ __ ] weird it seems weird
seems we're doing it they're all going
on Airbnb together so it wouldn't be too
far out there yeah look we already
confirmed Barry didn't do a chat I know
I know it that Barry does it pretty good
suspect because the email starts with
Joe or whatever the [ __ ] and now is
everyone trying to blame Joe four for
four look that guy already gets enough
[ __ ] in my chat okay it wasn't him
because dude miss miss miss it what
Barry would Barry actually make a second
account to expose it privately no he
would tweet it on his main account like
he tweeted everything oh yeah but it's
more fun this way no it's not wait a
second hey hey hey you guys seen the
episode of house where a house gives
like a ridiculous suggestion for how
like a couple could have gotten an STD
and the wife was like there's no way and
the husband's like oh well maybe it
could have been and then house is like
oh we'll see your husband is cheating
because he's accepting like a ridiculous
excuse it's miss gift right now trying
to play this Barry [ __ ] because he
[ __ ] know
was that tricky did it but he's trying
to pretend would be buried that even
though he knows that some [ __ ] ass
[ __ ] but he's trying to run defense
for tricky the diversion comes out get
miss came out of here get him out get
miss yeah miss out of here well listen
at this point Miz is not a reliable
alibi in any sense of the way okay he's
gonna literally twist and turn
everything so we can get more subs so
let's just make sure that we understand
that okay that now second of all who the
[ __ ] we're okay where was tricky last
where was tricky and fallen last night
at 5:00 a.m. okay that's in here
okay wasted but they were they awake
wasted I don't think so okay but you
don't know we don't know this wait are
they living with you guys right now in
depth stuff on Twitter there's no way
she could've articulated herself like
that she was so drunk that she couldn't
log on to another Twitter she came home
[ __ ] laid down on the couch [ __ ]
plastered and went upstairs but she was
sober enough to tweet me like two
paragraphs that are no typos in them
what is this [ __ ] autocorrect right I
mean I do it doesn't prove anything I
guess this is dude reddit you guys are
not getting anywhere with this [ __ ] okay
this is stupid okay okay stop dude what
not getting distracted twit [ __ ] don't
just ignore bringing up zucchini [ __ ]
I'm so knowing who just does ignore him
I just want you to eat your [ __ ]
vegetables dude you look like you are
anemic okay just chill okay that's
alright you're fine you say your vagina
stop focus that's what she said
no I said they want me to eat them with
my vagina Oh ethos zucchinis yeah cuz
he's setting to iron their mind wait can
I eat
okay you're a [ __ ] I know I did it was
really good it was wait who just type
that into the chat Mitch was that you
no wait who's typing no typing what
who's typing on your account on disk or
on discord wait what wait that wasn't
you no it's gotta be diamond dick got to
be diamond dick it's mine it's my but
it's my it's my mod it's my mind but you
let him log into your own disco dude
he's my right-hand man he's trustworthy
as climbin dead no it wasn't diamond
dick is it possible no no no [ __ ] that
it doesn't make sense no no no he's my
goddamn manager dude he wouldn't [ __ ]
do this yeah hop in you all right now no
it's dude he's not this guy is running
the version for tricky I think it's
tricky honest to god these guys all live
together don't they wait there's axiom
misgiven trick they do
I think it's tricky I'm I'm feeling
hardcore oh hold on is that why Sean
last night on cutie Cinderella stream
immediately blamed Nova yeah fingers
think about it why the [ __ ] would know
the leak her own DMS and then Vaughn was
no no no we're not Sabrina nope don't
talk about Nova no one here is
suspecting Nova why are you talking
about Nova okay you're right you're
right you're right that's good yeah I'm
gonna watch that clip again I want to
watch it now from this new revelation
I'll be back
wait I can't hear [ __ ] in this goddamn
clip I remember why I hate it the first
time I got important questions hold on
hold on hold on and this is right no
because I don't know if you can answer
it cuz about [ __ ] for you know Nova
listen hello when this clip went live on
livestream fail Vaughn doesn't know
stream is live in leaks mixture Mitch
Jones drama where they're already tweets
that we're getting like it was
screenshot so we're getting tweeted out
yes so this was posted 21 hours ago she
messaged me
or maybe Mira Stallone oh shut the [ __ ]
up you're mute Mitch holy [ __ ] okay wait
because I'm curious because you hear
someone in the background is this axion
talking I don't know these [ __ ]
voices well I'm saying like oh well
people were trying to accuse me or
whatever but I'm just are they are they
all talking about like a reddit thread
or what is that in reference to private
where so where were these screenshots
being leaked at before Thank You Kane
yeah we how did k bubbles find out about
these leaks Mitch Cave almost found
about them through me because Nova sent
them
to me and I told Kaylee I asked Haley
did wait no but where did you find out
he sneaks out from first was it redditor
and it showed up as somebody blinking a
live shirt filament wait so you saw it
on you saw it on reddit yeah but it
didn't go viral because they like got
downloaded if it doesn't get enough
votes it doesn't stay up and then I
clicked in it goes through Twitter but
it didn't blow up for like two days
yeah it only blew up after the clip I
think right okay Rebecca also DMS of me
and Polk got leaked to or me talking
about a second
Nova focused on hoaxes not involved to
this I just wanted to snow van over
numbers do you hate Aria Nina is that
public my friend that was annoyed if I
was like okay you're just kind of like
okay talk to her and this but then after
this I was hitting her up I was like we
need to figure this out together cuz
nobody else cares okay okay hold on hold
on okay I think okay think of this so is
it possible
three of the four screen shots were of
your logs and mitches right the other
one was a vari Nina yeah um someone in
this video is saying oh she leaked it
because she hates the Aria Nina girl
right is that fun talking
who says that can someone am i trained
extreme who says that in the background
apparently poke visited mrs. Kipps house
on the 3rd who oh my god I'm getting
pollen [ __ ] is [ __ ] triggering the
ever-living [ __ ] out of me holy [ __ ]
[ __ ]
it's it's coming together guys wait
what's up
Nova wait here I'm calling you okay pick
it up real quick
wait what I can't be involved okay you
can just don't blurt out some real
random dumb [ __ ] okay okay Nova here go
to I'm posting a clip in here okay I
can't I'm getting triggered I think what
happened was okay
I post you a clip okay the the original
post right yes at 42 seconds in this
clip is that fawn talking in the
background yeah yes okay do you think
that they took screenshots of the
computer she thought that you're beefing
publicly with this Aria Nina girl so
when you start taking screenshots she
has like another screenshot taken of the
Aria Nina girl so that they can leak and
go like oh look it's definitely Nova
look yeah yeah and that and she jumped
on that she jumped on that immediately
and was like oh look like she hates like
the Aria girl like there's a screenshot
in there obviously it was a Nova that
did it actually true though yeah because
why the [ __ ] would you leaked
screenshots yourself like that's such a
weird cover and to have like that alibi
and everything like I feel like it's ti
its team it's it's a it's fun tricky
dude one I'm feeling I'm feeling it so
hard
like okay I didn't want to explosion to
a shirt but when they were at my house
like they were always just scheming [ __ ]
like fawn was just sitting there like
you should not text him back for like a
week cuz he hadn't message you for like
a day and was always just like in her
ear like scheming [ __ ] that's why I was
thinking it was like fawn kind of
leading it tricky going along with it
cuz she's hurt maybe I don't know about
that [ __ ] but maybe nobody else I was
like a solid motive
even if axion did it he would have
leaked other people's DMS like all of
them you would have like bust it out
yeah but we need proof we need like
actual like solid evidence
um okay cuz I don't want to accuse
somebody if we don't have like actual
like hard evidence that it's them how
would we how would we prove this dude it
to no but dude I wasn't in Austin I
couldn't have done it we've already
proved those
okay all right yeah we can go back to
either call go okay all right
Vaughn brings up Aria because she's
asked my AK scene was originally blamed
[Music]
[Music]
she tried to blame on the Aria Nina cuz
she hates Aria Nina
who there's a lot of pronouns here is
she not saying that isn't saying that
Nova hate sorry Nina isn't at what she's
saying or am i misunderstanding it I
can't I can't tell us a lot of pronouns
here I hear what you hear
you aren't misunderstanding
[Music]
look at this mrs. tricky being mad about
Nova and Mitch here is the link to here
Twitter with Nova a destiny look at this
from tricky why these are oh we've seen
these traits but thank you reasons to
make you look bad okay ok destiny you
ready what explain oh yeah yeah ok in
this video fun like immediately jumps to
the fact that Oh was Nova we knew Nova
did it and then she said like oh like I
think no but it and there are those
pictures of like re or whatever because
we know that Nova hates Aria like it
almost sounds like she knew that like oh
well they took there like let's take a
picture like Aria because Nova hates her
whatever and then oh boy yeah it doesn't
matter if you do or don't it so they
think by having that screenshot of their
yeah cuz there's not even anything cuz
like that screenshot is like kind of odd
like does it even make sense it's not
like anyone's getting exposed and that
one are they but they only put that
there so I would look like I'm guilty
because they think that I hate her yeah
so somebody's being super sneaky huh no
it's well yeah it's tricky and fun I'm I
feel it bring him in Dragon me bring him
into the car no tricky and fun are they
why were they so eager to immediately
jump on my Twitter post and start like
calling me out and looking like a victim
it's because they wanted to get the
attention from a look that like you know
feel bad for them and then it would go
to them like and because there's no
chance that they're accusing the wrong
person because they know who did it cuz
they did it yeah exactly true very true
they were so sure about it - everyone's
telling me to check my browser history
will that do anything destiny no okay
check out the days well no because
doesn't that just like override it or
whatever like if you access Twitter like
50 times in a day I don't think it like
it has 50 individual entries does it I
could be wrong well it has been
chronological order so like if some do
it somewhere else and then came back
okay proof it's miss tricky we found
something else guys we found something
else okay apparently she spells
definitely wrong and she did she spells
definitely the same way as the hard
truth exposed account wait how did that
true but to be fair definitely is a hard
word to spell wait what no wait I'm
pretty sure she spells it correctly oh
well I don't know how to spell so I
assumed it was wrong how do you spell
definitely did Aria in that click
because they have pics of almost all
Mitch's DMS and assumed they did based
off the DM right whoever linked me this
is actually a dumbass alright sorry I
waste all your time yes but you have one
on your screen I have pokum ice cream
with the iPhone so we know it wasn't
Poland are we sure though yeah the face
you made when right here we need to get
tricky or fun in this call and we need
to cross like if I'm here it's gonna
just start accusing me and like it's
good the more emotional people get the
easier they like what should slip what
there's people coming who having a party
tonight people are showing up early why
like tricky and fun they will be here
true they might down wait is that said
that accident did they leave your house
early to come here no I don't think so
okay well then what the [ __ ] wait me and
miss kippers doing a car stream tonight
she's not gonna get in your car gonna
give it you should sit her down and then
look at her DMS like open her phone and
check her search area to see if she has
like okay counts on Twitter okay
probably watching this no and they
probably scrubbed it already if you're
actually gonna find anything but here's
a news thing Vaughn came over here
yesterday and she was like I know what
you
and I was like what does that mean and
she's like I know and I was like before
yeah she said she said this is like as
soon as she got here she's like yeah
there was a leak and I know what you did
you know can I also can't affirm
something I watched the vaad were you
like misspoke and said you're just mad
at Noah or something like that yeah what
it was acting was like normally a person
would laugh it off but it was very like
guys and yet sorry
it was very like like I already knew but
I want you to say it kind of way I can't
be just me that took it like that thank
you
no no I don't need yo what up what up
what up
don't Ryan's here boys yo what's up Ryan
how you doing dude how you doing dude
douches wait do any of us know um I said
I leaked to the DM that's what it said
okay does anyone here know fun or
drinking Milligan's everyone here right
now what's up dude
[ __ ] my [ __ ] okay I need to find out
who leaked my [ __ ] wait no sodas here
though
yo that's what's up and Ryan wait who
else is coming did Nick come
where's Nick Nick why are you not my
friend
you never show up it [ __ ] up gig pissed
man holy Sh I'm pissed okay sorry
alright anyways alright whatever
who else let's think let's think let's
think okay um I wasn't invited come over
right now Nick or I'm actually okay I
can't do this this is trigger in the
[ __ ] army I think um it's got to be
tricky and fun okay um [ __ ] dude
god damn it it's freaking fun it's
tricky and fun whenever so okay how did
you how did you confirm this I just I
feel it with every bone in my body me
motive opportunity
yeah there 100% okay so it was tricky
and falling right they had to you like
nobody else has a motive strong enough
to do something like this okay let's
here what is this what look at your
Twitter accounts history Twitter on
Android Twitter on and what is it
we already know was from a PC I already
know what do you guys want about I
already know what the screenshots were
taken from an iPhone release in 2017 or
later yeah tricky was giving me weird
vibes yesterday but that's probably
because she knows I [ __ ] novo so like
it doesn't have to mean that she's you
know like yeah hey hey what just read it
tricky just the end me she said what are
you talking about I didn't leak your DMS
can't believe I even say that when I was
stabbed in the back and by the way
Kaylee told fawn she thought Nova did it
that's why Vaughn had that in their head
what okay now phones messaging me are
you serious Mitch you and Kaylee were
the ones who put it in my head that Nova
leaked those DMS oh they're talking
right now notice how they both like gave
the same story they're talking right now
they just got their story straight now
they're both mess of you were the same
story 100% they did it oh my god they so
did it right now they're do it they're
both running damage control they just
synchronize their [ __ ] story and now
they're both men shoot oh my god I feel
it's 100% I'm almost satisfied this is
solved it's one it's 100% dude wait why
is it 100% because they're being very
defensive no because they're both
watching they both just synchronize
their defences they're both okay we're
gonna say this the reason why you
believed it was that well that and now
they are messaging you and they're
giving you the same story yep 100% also
are you Nina did DM me and say give me
that dick daddy I don't know if that
helps anything all right Thank You Ari
you know she also wants to say that an
axion leaked her name or some [ __ ] like
that
I don't that's not my business okay
Russell is tweeting now good thing we
got Russell in this dude it was me who
leaked the DMS okay let's see here dude
yeah good job Russell good job Russell
really good one who's really good you
know hey listen Russell you got to stay
on that miss Otto host buddy okay anyway
let's continue on so the [ __ ] dude
okay so our body trick you're denying it
everyone's denying it why is it well not
what everyone's gonna deny it but like
everybody like it lines up to be like
fun and tricky like hardcore
now oh wow I would they did not why why
can't they just come clean and be like
yes I did it okay why because they don't
because yeah why would you why would you
leak that you were going to people shed
people won't trust you was it Russell
shut the [ __ ] up now [ __ ] all that
random [ __ ] okay this is it we're onto
it right here
oh all the evidence is pointing towards
but how do we put how do we 100% confirm
destiny oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa I
just literally leaked my dm's that's my
bed I just think I just leaked my own
DMS that's actually my fault whoops
yeah shake out the Waco don't the Emmy
[ __ ] like that okay all right well yeah
I just actually leaked my own diems
that's my bed let's see here okay hold
on a second get rid of that okay that's
better
there was nothing bad there was nothing
bad you guys can look at the clip
there's nothing bad in there it's not a
big deal except for the fact that shake
with the Waco DME something stupid but
that's Shaco Shack oh don't don't don't
say that word man okay don't DM e [ __ ]
like that don't say that word in general
all right anyways continuing on so we
think it was fun and tricky right mm-hmm
okay I think it was fun and tricky hmm
yo thank you very much for the three
also to be fair like it was a gray area
having sex with you but at the same time
like tricky and I don't talk she stayed
in my house because she needed a place
to stay and asked me well what do you
mean it was a gray area
I think everybody's my friend I'm not
gonna say she isn't but like it wasn't
like we're best friends talking every
day I agree like what I did was shitty
but at the same time like don't give a
[ __ ] about that [ __ ] well we're curious
on is who got the [ __ ] screenshots
there are ways to prove this but it's
hard without having like physical access
like if you could actually get a hold of
their phones like also I have a question
why was adept tweeting out my pickup
lines adept what the [ __ ] all right I
don't even know you like that don't
tweet out my pickup lines okay those are
my pickup lines she was like oh wait
what did she say Louis
gimme gimme I dream about your titties
some other the smiley face I feel like
the only way to like actually uh the
only way to know for sure the only way
to know for sure would be like if I had
if you had physical access to the device
you would go through all the things to
see if you could find out what email if
they have a Jo email so you'd go into
Google you'd log out you type in Jo
you'd see if an email pops up push ctrl
H to look into the history typing Jo
Gmail and that's even any pops up those
are the two ways you try to search for
that email address like up here to be
find an email address like that just got
here what the [ __ ] did I miss but I
don't know if any of these guys could do
that without like [ __ ] it out yeah
but that would be like the way right
that would be like the way that you'd
look for
wait hold on hold on hold on oh no
appreciate wait a second I have an FBI
hold on I have an FBI level tactic here
okay I need you to interesting
you
but if we if we do that it God destiny I
swear I don't wear no no no hold on dude
destiny something about you I just want
you I want to [ __ ] you just chill okay
listen I didn't wake up this morning
dreaming of your titties okay oh my god
wait we have we have them on stream Oh
dusty ghrelin no I your drama I'm gonna
mute and listen good like you have to do
it oh okay hold on I need you guys to
gimme gimme gimme like give me like
three minutes give me three minutes to
prepare the stuff okay
RVT I need you to be awake right now
okay I got a an s-class level [ __ ]
code Delta Epsilon [ __ ] meme that I
need from you or god dammit he's not
awake I need like is there like an audio
not an audio I need a guy who's like
really good I don't know what I need I
don't want to ask Chad cuz I don't want
somebody like leaked it to the other
people I need somebody that knows how to
like Photoshop [ __ ] and like edit like
files to make things look real that's
what I need right now okay
where is f robot he's not even here
what's up people are like messaging me
like do you mean [ __ ] on Twitter saying
that you guys are accusing me of
something like destiny destiny whoa whoa
whoa we are not accusing anybody we are
investigating and you are the lead
suspect you and fawn are the lead
suspects right now all right destiny do
your five I'm not doing anything this is
your life okay I'm just here for the
excitement of it all all right literally
what Nova's try to do why she's in this
College just try and change the [ __ ]
narrative because she knows what she did
is [ __ ] up and shitty and she wants to
change from what she actually did wait a
second wait a second why would Nova leak
dm's of herself like that they were not
involved okay wait okay wait hold on I'm
curious by saying that on stream because
it was totally an accusation that like
they were just talking about that was it
okay one for fawn and tricky for fawn
and tricky who would your top two
suspects be if it wasn't you two so in
all wait wait wait hold on hold on hold
on hold on
okay in wait in all of this in wait why
is she running off to the phone you've
taken my right now she [ __ ] dying did
she think a car accident
what miss keV
follow her and make sure he's talking
her mom MS right now miss miss miss they
just look why are we letting suspects
just walk out like this oh my god this
is a disaster right now they're recordin
ating okay nobody Nova Nova do you think
that it's not like insanely interesting
that all of these teams get leaked and
you don't have any idea who the suspects
are
you know what that means that means that
they're not talking about it because
they know who did it
because cuz they did it I thought it was
because we all know that was literally
what I thought that it was a made-up
[ __ ] because like people there was like
an LS x thread like months ago saying
that Nova [ __ ] mission I didn't think
was real either at that time obviously
because I continued to be her friend
that continued to talk to [ __ ] [ __ ]
so like yeah and they were saying she
[ __ ] tracksuit and E or some [ __ ] she
did you did that so you're saying like
why would we believe you because it's
none of your business but Andi you're
[ __ ] friend that is my business I
thought you were my friend
buying myself into people's houses when
they invited you to go there that's good
advice because you were inviting
yourself no even I literally said hey do
you want to come over next weekend
oh so yeah thank you buddy no this was
on stream it was crazy slick it was
craziest like that leaked them all Jesus
Christ I'm wait a second wait a second
is cutie is she friends with like fawn
and tricky yes oh okay wait hold on okay
hold on
cutie why didn't you shush fun when she
saw that she was gonna whisper [ __ ]
while you were streaming because I
thought she knew she was wrong I know
but I'm still confused why you think
you're innocent here because I didn't do
it like I wasn't wait who can't we know
with this is not an investigation for
being a shitty person even if she is we
don't care about that we're to try to
figure out who leaked the DM the real
question is why do you want to change
the focus of this investigation into a
character assassination suit instead of
finding out who leaked the DMS is it cuz
your friend right there is the one that
did it who carries if she's a shitty
person
there's people oh look here's another
interesting thing there is a DM there is
a DM leaker among them and they don't
even care who it is because they know
who did it I agree that was not right of
me but at the same time what do you mean
you weren't dragging yourself in it when
you were on my twitter commenting [ __ ]
exposing privately tell why not the
victim here my personal the ends got we
figure out who leaked the DM you know
I'm just trying to figure out who lead
to the DMS
I don't know nm Peters get the ten
gifted stubs Nick if you don't come over
tonight I'm not myself with me all the
suspects are in one room yep wait Nova
Nova check you damn check damn all for
soda to the stand who did not do it
tonight
wait I'm busy right now one second I'm
doing the script I'm doing the scrip for
the next episode okay I didn't know we
were gonna run all of these tonight okay
who leaked my DMS if somebody doesn't
tell me in the next ten minutes I'm
gonna start eliminating people off of
discord okay here's here's what we got
some sir this is all circumstantial guys
okay why is it that when demons are
getting leaked right when dams getting
leaked let me tell you every streamer is
scared as [ __ ] because everybody said
some real dumbass [ __ ] in the m's before
okay everybody rise so in the games at
Lakeview like oh [ __ ] who did it who's
got it
who's involved who's gonna leak more
isn't more sure gonna be late and these
guys don't even care they don't have any
suspects and I like oh I don't know who
did well they're not even thinking about
it you know why they're not thinking
about it they're not thinking about it
cuz they [ __ ] did it okay when we're
here talking about people leaking [ __ ]
they're not even worried about it don't
even thinking about it like oh I don't
know I don't care who cares who leaked
it we're just talk about how your bad
person why don't you care at all you're
not interested at all no one you're not
even thinking about it remotely it's cuz
they know they're the ones that did it
guaran-fucking-tee
business and you made it public class
shut up okay turn off the light I was
barely yeah I'm just getting a lot of
stuff right now
can someone pay you for the lie detector
game is I'm gonna need a cut of that
buddy your yokai content yeah Mitch I
got you dude all right we'll do two I'll
see you later for the car stream okay
yeah good okay
since we seem to be at an impasse and we
want different things on this
conversation okay what if we what if we
offer an exchange here okay
Nova will admit that she's a bad friend
in a shitty person if Vaughn and tricky
admit that they were the ones that
screenshot in late why didn't you stop
that was it
[Applause]
well obviously obviously you did because
you talked about it on ROG multiple
times
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
look I will show my DMS with you I have
never hit on you ever stop saying you
salted off of metadata I can't be solved
off meditate you guys just posting
random irrelevant dump [ __ ] over and
over and over again like trying to claim
that [ __ ] says it stuff it doesn't [ __ ]
off okay we're done with that
I will leak everything I never tried to
I never tried to [ __ ] you QT ever okay
everything oh it's just it's false it's
false that's not true I never tried to
[ __ ] you need for right now oh I invited
everyone over all the time my schedules
[ __ ] I like to hang out that doesn't
mean I'm trying to [ __ ]
like I'm always awake this isn't good if
everyone starts leaking I haven't tried
to fight any of these people so actually
I'm in the clear baby
I tried to [ __ ] Beauty Cinderella I'm
sorry it's just fall there is no way I
try to [ __ ] you cutie I didn't want to
hang out with you because I thought you
were real but at this point I honestly
think you're fake so I don't know thank
you very much
hide me out for days I'm texting you yo
babe hey Mitch calls everybody babe whoa
chill he just wanted to hang with some
friends thank you wait that's wait wait
wait where are you even seeing that
that's not midn circu Cinderella I don't
do that anyway then you said yo do you
want to show off stream come here no
this year they went to New York that is
true that that is true but now is
missing Twitter DMS or in text hold on
st what big you late it again they're
deflecting hey wait
real talk real talk real talk real talk
I think that okay here's here's okay
ready wait no no no listen I'm gonna I'm
about to Negreanu this [ __ ] for you okay
miss kiffin cutie both know what's going
on okay and they're just here for the
memes I think that tricky and fawn were
the two that were involved in doing it
and now they're all kind of having fun
and maiming about it because I don't
really give a [ __ ] about who leaked
anything because they know that they're
the ones that did it and then mischief
and like I'm cootie are kind of like I'm
like 98% 98% that's what's going on I
think yeah and that's a [ __ ] okay
they leak my [ __ ] and they're deflecting
and trying to say that I wanted to [ __ ]
you - Cinderella whatever okay cool even
if I try to wait now we're talking about
try-hards okay like Wyatt why is nobody
cuz I'm super curious or maybe these
guys make I'm just [ __ ] up like oh
yeah why does nobody care that people
are leaking DMS from like other people's
computers
yeah like dude I would be if I was in a
[ __ ] streamer house and people were
doing that [ __ ] I would pack my [ __ ]
[ __ ] leave I would be so [ __ ]
paranoid because they all know who did
it yeah 100% yeah yeah 100 so confused
chat who leaked my [ __ ] no I'm not I was
only logged into this computer and I
don't understand why you Sorrell is
coming at me like I don't understand
wait cuz they're all internet because
they all know what happened it makes no
sense me she's not even involved in this
whatsoever and she's trying to say that
I tried to [ __ ] her and that she's like
literally just like your whole house is
leaching my [ __ ] content right now
let me talk about this myself like who's
pretty mom once you sort of putting my
name at the [ __ ] I'm gonna start I
didn't put a name into anything I better
get my car stream tonight I'm pissed
all right listen continue on go dusty
please I mean yeah I think I think
that's it I'm pretty sure it's those two
I think everybody else kind of knows
about it or at least cutie and misc if
two and so they're all just kind of made
me know that's my that's my final
assessment yep I see that cutie look at
that guilty [ __ ] laugh back there
I've seen it on a roster a hundred times
there it is guaranteed but you can't
trickiest public letter sex like
birthdays I mean everybody is
sorry I already did literally damned her
and I said he was a shitty think meeting
I was being a shitty person may be
privately no like yes I did I literally
damned you after you flamed me on
Twitter I was so early
oh no I said hold on be quiet I said I'm
sorry I heard you guys weren't together
and you were actually dating
I admit I shouldn't have lied to you
about it I I feel like I was put into an
uncomfortable situation because I didn't
want anyone to know about my sex life
especially the public sorry that wasn't
apologize when I literally sent you an
apology
yeah once you were caught what how I was
caught
I have no entitled I'm not entitled to
tell you my sex life why would I
that's me that's me well here's a
conversation there's no way to steer it
they don't to talk about it because they
did it it's over dude this is a case is
a case closed
I think we already said it I think it
was fine at Ricky dinner and I think
then the other people all kind of know
about it they're probably talking about
it before they leave all right so
somebody leaked my [ __ ] somebody's
betraying my trust and I'm annoyed and
someone betrayed me and whoever did
betray me is sitting in this call and
literally lying to my face which you
would have betrayed them right to your
face as well you're literally just
farming Omega lols and [ __ ] you
linking my content literally go play
peggle staying a trainwreck sure you
have no credibility yeah I do - I did -
okay anyways can we can we can we keep
on topic please can we keep on topic
please we're like done talking about it
right we're done talking about we
started really getting like views from
this
wait what does she say [ __ ] wait what
happened they said on a CD from you oh
you're getting an STD from me I don't
think it's my swollen lymph nodes now
okay listen I don't think that anyone
got an STD okay and that would have only
happened if you're let's say that would
have only happened if I'm Eskimo
brothers with the gobbling but I don't
think that's the case no I don't think
so
so as long as that's not the case no
we're fine all right yeah as long as
that's not the case all right y'all get
cutie from the roll out of the room no I
underestimated you I did not know you
could do this for peoples channels you
are great I thought that Bridget girl
was good you know we were fantastic you
got to come over to my house why cuz
somebody sees my DMS what like I
literally just existed and I got my
Dan's leaked and suddenly I'm content
for you of course
like why would I want to show the people
that are like this fake though is that
me holy [ __ ] this house is so [ __ ]
toxic oh my god we stopped going at each
other and fun and I want it if someone
who ever admits to me that they leaked
the DMS I will literally give money
alright I just
God you guys are actually why did the
people keep bringing up a zucchini
because Nova has a porn video or
whatever where she [ __ ] a zucchini so
they do it as like a way to make fun of
her whatever its kind of gross like the
making fun of her for but whatever I
guess like especially can do I want to
go there nevermind man no nevermind we
all go there we won't we won't go down
to their level now this is a waste of my
time I gotta go peace someone did it in
my house uh who did it he's not gonna
tell you he's me I thought it Barry did
this and I literally [ __ ] dude I feel
bad I I'm blaming Barry and I'm like I'm
making people be like what the [ __ ]
because I keep pointing fingers at
people and I don't know who did it
you pointed fingers at everybody how did
I [ __ ] up I'm a single man trying to get
laid explain how I [ __ ] up you loved
me you can't just hold me I didn't know
I was gonna [ __ ] Nova how did I lie to
you which point to either me or Mitch
because damn I only sound like the
farming for content and all usually farm
stuff for content like if I feel like
it's kind of a good fun or whatever but
like tricky is obviously like super
bothered by this right like she either
had like a huge crush on Mitch or was in
love with him whatever and the Nova is
getting like pretty relentlessly show
down by a group of people that she
thought were her friends maybe this is
actually like really [ __ ] disgusting
like I kind of feel bad that like
everybody in the background is like it's
kind of like a big name like people's
like personal messages are literally
getting outed people's sexual
relationship so they wanted to keep
public are being or keep private or
being made public and then people that
are like clearly like heavily
emotionally invested in this so like
tricky and Nova are literally being
farmed for content by a bunch of people
I don't know it feels like pretty
disgusting but call them out well I'm
pretty sure the , they just laugh cuz
it's like all means to them but like I
feel like this is like pretty like this
is like
pretty clear like crossing the line from
like it's just kind of like fun and
memes and [ __ ] to like it feels like
really [ __ ] disgusting I guess but I
mean it is yeah this is actually
[ __ ] there literally it the only
thing that's happening right now is
they're gonna milk this for content and
subs they actually give no [ __ ] about
finding out who leaked the DMS and not
only that cutie Cinderella saying
they're meaning our ass off saying I
tried to [ __ ] her which is false like
she should probably go bake another cake
and go on [ __ ] garage Mattel you
feeling it like it's just like [ __ ]
so yeah I'm just I'm actually over this
[ __ ] like literally I'm actually [ __ ]
over this okay so for real for her yeah
yeah and my computer was there right
your computer was here yeah it was here
the entire time all right well the one
time I went on it was the night you told
me to [ __ ] make sure you Nikki DC
from the walk you only Tom had touched
it swear to [ __ ] god I feel like what
like how could you have no idea who
would have leaked any of this how could
you not think about it for even a second
how could this not be like part of the
conversation like you don't care at all
why like that's so [ __ ] weird you
understand how [ __ ] weird that is
right like this is a serious situation
in there turning links of meme and
that's just like what guilty people
would do yeah oh and not even so much
serious but I get the very least IQ of
like we're not like do you like have any
idea like who did it you have any ideas
do you have any suspects like anything
could have yeah and they like no idea
well I don't think it'd be helping you
because for obvious reasons tricky hates
you and maybe Mitch right now so I
wouldn't help it but like the fact that
they don't care at all like I don't know
I I feel like I'm pretty sure it was fun
and tricky and I think most of you I
think I feel like Miz and the other guy
know it or I'm sorry missing cutie I
think you know it I don't know anybody
else in here at the dynamics but oh wait
hold on [ __ ] don't we have these like
abilities to communicate with people
wirelessly no what do you mean no like I
talked to people from the airport last
night and he had no idea
and makin enough talk to him between now
and then he wouldn't lie to me he
wouldn't mind anything well no the only
way that you're gonna get proof is if
you literally get your hands on one of
their phones and they haven't wiped like
any of the relevant this is [ __ ]
[ __ ] so I literally have to keep not
knowing who leaked my [ __ ] and I have to
continue on not knowing right like this
I mean like vawn and Tricky's like
refusal to like even cooperate like even
like half seriously I would take that as
like a betrayal of trust and I say [ __ ]
it I mean obviously it's your call but
like I would consider both am they they
have no desire whatsoever to figure out
like who was like leaking your [ __ ] or
maybe you don't give a [ __ ] I don't know
maybe you're different than me if
somebody like went through my [ __ ] like
that would be like instant like I dumped
the person if I was with him they were a
friend they'd never be at my house again
like that's like [ __ ] huge dude I
remember even back in like 20 even back
in like 2013 when I was in gaming houses
and people were like joke like going
other computers like everybody like dude
that's not cool like don't do that like
even as a joke we wouldn't look through
people's conversations I was like some
serious [ __ ] [ __ ] like people's
careers and shake it ended over stuff
like that that's literally I feel like
that whole entire house is being so
manipulative because like I'm sitting
here trying figure out who leaked my
[ __ ] and I have cutie Cinderella saying
I tried to [ __ ] her and not only that
she's trying to pull yeah because
they're all just like memeing and she
because they don't give a [ __ ] because
they already knows she's saying they're
trying to like points even if they
weren't responsible like that's a
betrayal of trust for them not even like
help you figure it out when you're
clearly upset about well obviously
they're literally just sucking off the
content and licking miss mrs. Conte to
chat's balls but like that's what
everybody does right me and destiny can
agree to this that everyone almost
doesn't write anything is kind of funny
I'm not gonna lie but like regardless
it's but it's not funny at all it's like
super shitty they're literally using it
to like attacker like over [ __ ] that
she's done the past has no relevance
whatsoever
I agree this yeah there's a key needs to
be left out of this hundred percent so
I'm gonna figure out what the [ __ ]
they're all gonna be at this party
tonight they're all coming over to my
house so I'm gonna [ __ ] terrible I
know I'm gonna get all of them like this
is bull I wish destiny was coming to my
party so I could [ __ ] happen
who it is though dude god dammit dude we
I really want a roof he wants proof yeah
do you think I'm gonna find out who did
this yes or no like this is just
rhetoric like I want to find out who did
this really [ __ ] badly shocked if you
find out get him really drunk and then
not in like a non-consensual way and
then ask him it may be a little admit to
it okay in a non-consensual no I said
not any not any any completely not a
non-consensual that's good this is just
unbelievable aids right now like
actually aids dude shutting our Channel
oh no curious and Arella being a major a
bullet-ridden also hooded fawn go away
to talk on her phone to come on she
really did talk to her mom she what was
she talking about it okay wait chat does
missus know who did it
do they know who did it no wait how
could they not know who who are the
other pot unless like Casey did it or
Caylee or whatever Casey we already we
already ruled her out because she wasn't
there was no internet here in life
computer wasn't she the only way she
would have done it if she if she took
screenshots on my phone and she didn't
do that so it's also super weird that
axion as part of this call because I'm
like how was he neutrally lives with
them all yeah he's actually just saying
they're trying to get a few viewers he
doesn't live with them I mean I'm trying
to help no no I appreciate I appreciate
it I'm just saying you don't live at
that house no yeah so that's why I'm
saying I get you don't you don't live at
that house that's all yeah I mean his
whole chat saying that Nova did it but
why would Nova leak your own did this is
so [ __ ] nobody's admitting [ __ ] I have
to pee okay well well in my heart I know
it is that's all matters like I just
wanted to know and I feel like I've been
validated by this conversation uh-huh
about any idea I would tell you though I
have all I know I lied about apologize
in her like I literally sent something
like all I know is I play a classic
every day all day all right well I'm out
good luck guys be careful ham dude that
whole environment looks [ __ ] AIDS is
[ __ ] holy [ __ ] oh I don't care about it
feelingly some people this is all funny
to me I don't care of my [ __ ] gets
leaked I'm public about everything I
[ __ ] do anybody have [ __ ] anybody
up hung out with it's all whatever it's
all memes under the bridge to me I don't
give a [ __ ] so like this type of drama I
wouldn't like if I was down there like
whatever dude
I'm in an open relationship so I can do
it or the [ __ ] I want and yeah so yeah
so I don't go so like that kind of drama
[ __ ] doesn't affect me as much but um
it's kind of sad to see them I guess I
could be seing other people with it I
think is like really [ __ ] up don't you
go through people's phones - I read
[ __ ] everything hell yeah I do better
[ __ ] believe it okay here why do they
hate Nova so much so my under my my
guess I'm talking a little bit of [ __ ] I
could be wrong but it feels like tricky
like really liked Mitch and had a crush
on Mitch Mitch probably told tricky hey
I'm not dating I'm not looking for a new
exclusive he probably said he's not
[ __ ] any of the girls - it's my guess
tricky felt attached it sounds like Nova
and tricky talked in the past and it was
like oh I don't have an interest in
Mitch I don't wanna [ __ ] him and
whatever maybe she said he was gross or
whatever and the Nova and Mitch met and
then open which ended up hooking up
tricky felt like she got backstabbed
probably by Nova and Mitch probably
especially by Nova though since know was
that she wasn't interested to mention
out know who's [ __ ] the guy that she
likes so Tricky's like super burned on
it hates the [ __ ] out of nova and then
yeah and then now everybody is [ __ ]
on nova because obviously all electric
he's friends are gonna take her side and
shouldn't Nova it one year Wow we
september why is nobody mad at Mitch for
[ __ ] Nova but only mad at Nova um
probably because tricky is super hung up
on Mitch so she
not gonna get mad at men she just gonna
get mad at Nova maybe I'm not sure I
don't know enough about the dynamics
it's like total conjecture I don't know
yeah I think it was probably more
because Nova should talk to Mitch too
tricky the tricky felt like she probably
got backstabbed by League Stephen that's
probably what it felt like that's just
some five heads trying to you know get
some information or some [ __ ] so look
okay so trick you don't think what my
hypothesis was that maybe you took the
screenshots and then sent them to fawn
and then fawn was like oh I'll leak this
[ __ ] or some [ __ ] like that that was
maybe my like because honestly look I
like I don't think you would do the
tricky but I could totally see fawn
doing a hundred percent like she's
already been tricky and fun are really
close those guys will always defend each
other they're like Thorin and Richard
Lewis it's all over my street fails and
I have to talk about it right so like
it's just it's just ridiculous like I
don't understand who leaked my [ __ ] but
I really want to know who did it so if
you guys could tell me that would be
[ __ ] great and if you really don't
know then I guess I like so I'll have to
believe that [ __ ] but like if you do
know and you're literally just lying to
me because you're scared of like
backlash or some [ __ ] Pepa teddy greater
than they stay mad dgt [ __ ] doesn't know
either
no okay so at this point some I'm still
like somebody's lying to me I don't know
it's either no votes either of you Barry
we rolled out Barry right like Barry
didn't do this [ __ ]
there's no way Barry do this [ __ ] so
yeah we will not Barry I guess I could
bring Kaylee back to the stand yeah no I
just dude I don't think she did it
though like why would she give a [ __ ]
like and also why were them why were the
dams with Arya Nina leaked like what
like what did what did Aria need to have
to do with this at all
you bring Kaylee back I think this
doesn't make any sense this decision
just doesn't make any [ __ ] sense
it makes no I'm literally like I'm
losing brain cells cuz it makes no
[ __ ] sense [ __ ] me dude [ __ ] me I
know I don't even think it was real
until apparently everyone was talking
about it
I wasn't dreaming up cuz I got too drunk
and then all of a sudden Devon was just
saying like yesterday fawn came over
here and she was immediately trying she
was trying to make me admit that I
[ __ ] Innova yeah well the first thing
she said to me off stream was I know
what you did and I was like what do you
mean by then she was like look I know
you [ __ ] no mom this is what your
friend said to me first thing yesterday
when she came over here okay so why
would you say this is the quality
content we were all missing no it was it
was it was one of the very first things
she said like she kept oh she kept in
simulating a complete [ __ ] why Mitch
you guys brought up those dams to me and
I was like yeah I [ __ ] saw y'all
gonna fake it I will never bow Mitch if
that was true that admit it at [ __ ]
admit it you're buying Mitch Jones you
want L like holy [ __ ] never happened and
the only reason Nova got my [ __ ]
boots for like for the in my video that
like got weeks on livestream fails
because miss do you know that she did it
and so I always it I how did I committee
because you may be like oh it makes
sense okay no ii literally stress him
out fun you are a high high suspect
right now because you literally came
over what do you mean if you didn't care
you want to come on stream raging mad
like I'm simply saying that she leaked
my DMS
watching her character at all zero I
haven't said any mean things about
anyone oh dang my pictures my that was
the first thing that I said to you know
it was it you guys brought up the DMS to
me you brought them up to me you're
acting like I walk towards your house
and just said that no I don't think
you've walked into my house it did it
dream with you there's a lot of meat
walking in here I never sat down here
just lying in there why would I lie I'm
like are those DMS real I asked you that
and I was like then show me your DMS and
guess what I thought I told you that
they were real I haven't even fondant
trinket of missing fake listen fun could
do anything okay
this girl could do anything tricky
doesn't seem like the kind of person
that would do this but like when you get
burned like this people do crazy [ __ ] so
like I could see this happening [ __ ]
[ __ ] oh no they're not real and they
know what she said to me she's like I
know they're real I know they're I think
I already know what's up like I'm over
this [ __ ] dude
somebody leaked my DMS and it was like
like literally she knew that they were
real she knew they were real how did you
know they were real because she took
them well welcome back destiny hope you
had a refreshing vacation nice to see
you meme again that's only when I do I'm
not gonna get manipulated shut I know
I've been very easily manipulated before
but I will I will get to the bottom of
this and I will figure it out I will
figure it out I will get to the bottom
of this dude should I go party now
everybody's partying in my living room
I've only stream for three hours boys I
know I said four hours I'm onna like
[ __ ] should I continue like I literally
don't know there's a party going on in
my house right now and I'm actually
still here
talking about [ __ ] dude okay yeah
this is just ridiculous and now they're
listening to my [ __ ] okay Miz at this
point I quietly asked you to go away
all right thanks let me end my stream I
really should go at this point so anyway
are you watching this dream if somewhat
up
wait should we stream the party guys uh
can you stay for a second let's have it
let's have an after-show talk about what
happened so alright I'm pretty damn sure
and so is destiny
show that emote about supporter of the
arcane dream the [ __ ] is this dude how
does miss sleep at night after leeching
viewers from a dude with half as many
viewers Jackie might be the biggest
piece of trash we talk to I dig it
I think I did pretty well today right
chat look if you are following here look
I love pieces we guys drafters ready saw
xqc do this once here follow the stream
and you get on this you get your name
gets put here for a second okay pretty
cool stuff
alright it's just gonna keep zooming so
yeah we play or something man oh alright
so mystery let's have an after-show talk
so let's start with there's not a single
person that followed me and followed me
in yo can you guys follow my stream I
don't know I I gotta get to the bottom
of this boys I am so are you do not I
don't I know it wasn't you yeah let's go
with that I know let's let me state the
obvious all right what's up foo gaming
dude you've had your had your shadow no
I don't think it was you I just don't I
know you and I think that's trash that
he's saying it was you it just it wasn't
I think if I had to blame somebody I'd
blame Mitch for leaving his computer on
and letting people go through his
computer all the time and having the MS
know why everyone is stressing reddit is
going to have this figured out in 48
hours or less yeah honestly I mean I
look do you know me I don't give a [ __ ]
but um I feel bad for you so cat look we
got some hearts and love for Miss tricky
honestly she got us a lot of subs and
stuff today I do feel if there's one
person I feel bad in the situation it's
miss tricky because it's kind of shitty
of the stuff that happened
so yeah but well uh okay yeah I feel bad
you want something really cool for
having a computer in his room wants the
[ __ ] that's like saying I blame Bob for
smoking weed or that's like like it's
like wait wait that doesn't make sense
that's supposed to make sense okay it
doesn't make any sense
Rheem is tricky
how is tricky the victim in all of this
when hers are the only diems that didn't
get lead why all of you are here look at
this [ __ ] dude miss this isn't about
you this is about who leaked my DMS
you're really here on me and this
[ __ ] class dude wait you want to
easily twice hearts the chat if you love
me also please give me subscribers what
the [ __ ] is this [ __ ]
this is not a god and now I'm actually
molding boys I'm actually balding boys
I'm actually molding this is awesome how
is it Mitch's fault that he left his own
computer in his own room imagine leaving
your own computer in your own room with
your [ __ ] I do feel bad look be nice to
all women okay I know that you guys are
a lot of your squad w and I don't know
if I definitely I definitely feel bad
for I don't feel bad just be nice I feel
like you know I feel bad I just do feel
bad for Miss tricky I do you should do a
bounty I do feel bad for me for not
having bounties well guess what miss I
have bounties because you know what
twitch knows that I deserve them
I'm still trying to see if miss tricky
looks guilty dude your house is actually
disgusting trust me dude I'm trying to
acting out here as fast as possible
shoutout twitch Prime this one guy stop
spamming you Mizzy dinkleberg can you
[ __ ] relax here be my friend just
stop one man spamming please look at
your prime number stop damn okay
I got to what the thing is I want to
clear your name I think that community
has been pretty weird lately because
everyone wants to live by curiously
through you and Maya but honestly I
think you should dude must not with the
five gifted subs large the five months
in a row call it switch Prime to baby
with eight months in a row frizzy with
four months a row thank you guys for
twitch crimes do I just know what he
cared [ __ ] okay
why does nobody care who leaked the DMS
I don't think she did a chat okay why
does nobody care this is so annoying
oh are you planning on hanging out with
people um yeah I mean I don't give a
[ __ ] like I said I'm public as [ __ ] with
all my [ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ] I don't
have anything to hide so it's nothing
that anything can ever get leaked to me
I mean a lot of these people I've always
kind of said this that like that like
the Ellis tough crowd I always warn
people when it when people get like
super involved in the LSF crowd like
there's a lot of like really Shady all
right look kind of like gross [ __ ] that
goes on but I mean it is what it is I
guess you get like it's like a trade off
right like but um yeah damn
I actually I feel bad for tricky and
Nova like both of them got like hardcore
taken for right like on this [ __ ] just
in puppy and it's all kind of gross but
whatever [ __ ] [ __ ] it that's the that's
the LSF crowd boys I guess
why do you always do the mean where you
tell people to not look at your messages
wait what why do you feel bad for tricky
considering she probably leaked them um
I don't think there's like a good excuse
for leaking them obviously I don't think
that kind of stuff is good or that you
should ever do that I don't mean like
it's pretty obviously like tricky like
so actually like really bothered by this
she obviously like had a big thing for
Mitch or maybe even still does probably
still does and kind of got taken for a
ride I guess I really gotta got taken
for a ride to him I'm like worn out
after all that excitement are you
willing to bet money it was tricky like
tricky fawn I think I would maybe a
hundred bucks I don't know if I'd want
odds or not because there's so many
people involved I think I would want ads
like I'd want like two to one at least
and then I do like 100 bucks on it just
for the name is I'm curious getting
other people in the house no I feel like
everybody in that house knows or maybe
I'm reading too much into it and some
people just don't give a [ __ ] but like
and maybe it was different back in the
eSports days but like when people start
leaking dm's like [ __ ] you know that
[ __ ] is gonna get [ __ ] crazy because
everybody's got dumbass [ __ ] in their
DMC their girls are trying to [ __ ]
either bad words they've said it's like
situations people they're backstab and
lying about like the fact that like
nobody in that house gives a [ __ ] at all
about like any [ __ ] [ __ ] getting
leaked I don't know me or maybe they
just don't care but I mean I don't know
I'd be like super paranoid but I but I
think they don't care largely because
they know who was involved no what the
[ __ ] is that creepy ass [ __ ] [ __ ]
are you [ __ ] serious I try to open up
pornhub and it says hey
