okay wait what game did you server
playing chess yeah we can play chess so
I'd like to play keep talking explodes
oh yeah let's uh play chess and I'll
download that game okay
are you actually gonna download cuz I
have to buy it um yeah I gotta go to
sleep early tonight because my podcast
is far no you don't have to sleep it's
my podcast this tomorrow it's almost 10
o'clock it's stop being a [ __ ] about it
for once just play it okay if you can do
if you can beat me
we don't know I can't give you though
well you're playing for chat now okay
all of chat is riding on your hair I
know they are all of chat can you handle
the pressure
[Music]
Christ in a handbasket what in the [ __ ]
are you doing mr. Murray I don't think
I've ever cringed this hard I'm trying
so hard let's chill I'm just a fan PR
nice to me I am their champion where
they're champions just AB I need I need
a 50 a bat their combo forty fives not
enough boys
[Music]
:
I dragged that hog it was on the board
it was lagging it was clearly lacking
they want the game they're so excited
I've never seen your chat this excited
about a game before it okay it's
downloaded now you have time to me a gun
to get me to play the [ __ ] and easy to
one jump again you got three lives three
live since when you ready I know you did
but the people demand it this is gonna
be good finally you're gonna have a real
life direction Steve the path of the end
so I'm ready I'm bringing it up on the
other monitor no that's cheating yeah
that's what your mom did when she okay
I've got five minutes what do I do
okay well what are the what wires you
have there's one white three yellow one
white from top to bottom okay if there's
no red wire it's cut the wood cut the
second one oh there's like a detonate
button do me to push it if is there more
than one button on the whole thing
no okay what color is it what if there's
more than one battery on the bomb the
button says detonate press I don't see
batteries what the [ __ ] is a battery
look like hold on there's one battery
okay yeah if there is more than one way
there's two batteries there's three
batteries press and immediately release
the button okay now what is there like a
keypad it's got four good symbols on it
yeah one is an O with a line at the
bottom this is the top left on the top
right there's like a backward C with a
little square in the middle and the
bottom left there's like the letter A
with a line vertically from the middle
to the bottom and then in the bottom
right there's like a some Greek [ __ ]
it's like an upside-down V okay one
second
say it again I'm saying Oh a B and then
the C we just go to the last level
something old something new wait Lily
play this game yeah that [ __ ] killer
yeah okay Wow - the wires
how many top to bottom yellow red red
white blue if there's active one blue
wire cut the first way and so dumb
yellow it's okay oh it is otherwise I'm
sorry I'm ready now
don't just scream out the colors tell me
how many wires I need to know that my
wires four five wires what colors yellow
red red white blue if there are no black
wires cut the second wire okay what
about the button and it says hold okay
if the button is red the button says
hold press and immediately release the
button it's not red what color is the
button white release when the countdown
has a one in any position when the
countdown timer has a okay did it know
it's like a triangle with four different
colored triangles in it or not triangle
it's like diamonds in it okay it's like
okay this is Simon Says yep there any of
the color buttons flashing the yellow
one flashes occasionally see another
number contain a valve a serial number
yes yeah yellow flash no strikes green
red blue
it says yellow flash no strikes green
red blue well it's his yellow flash
green yellow flash green no I click the
other one was flashing that didn't work
our way because it's a yellow flash then
I push green red and blue yeah no we
[ __ ] died you [ __ ] idiot why ice
I've got a blue or white a black and a
black there's four wires
okay wait what are the wire colors again
blue white black black is Yankee one
blue wire cut the first wire yep now
what button it says abort the button is
blue it's red blue released when the
counter timer has a one in any position
okay it's there's like six by six
squares okay on the top row okay four
from the left top row four crosses a red
triangle bits spinning okay clockwise
yeah okay hold on no no no oh my god
because I don't know what the [ __ ] that
looks like hold on my [ __ ] god so in
the top row there's a red triangle for
from the left okay three down third from
the top on five right there's a green
circle and then at a very bottom row
four from the left there's a green
circle okay
all right I believe just go down or I go
down and I what
go right okay up wait now up hold on
that was wrong going up was wrong the
red triangle spinning does that matter
like if the top if I was a level um one
two three four five six
okay from the top it's three down and
then I'm going right to the fifth
marking so three down five right gotta
get it oh god I'm wrong okay
can I am I allowed to look and see what
it looks like no okay try again mr. moon
has a third we're okay no what it says
dead mate see a lotta fun yet detonate
if there is there any more than one
battery two batteries so yellow strip
when the countdown timer has five in any
position you can let go Holden it's like
I want a wrong it's a yellow strip right
yellows wait yellow what it's a yellow
strip on the button oh right wait no
there's a black strip is that what
you're talking about
any other color strip when it has one in
any position and you're wrong mr. mouton
if the button is yellow hold down in it
what's color wait it's a blue strip now
now it's a blue strip you got it so for
in any position how about you give me
the right [ __ ] color this time right
tell me the strip color on the button -
abort okay the button says abort what
colors button yellow the button is
yellow hold the button down refer to
releasing held on what strip color
yellow okay release when the countdown
timer has a 5 in any position okay okay
in the top left you've got like a
squiggle that looks kind of like a like
a like an N I guess okay backwards okay
in the top right there's like it's like
a triangle on top of an upside-down W or
W yeah in the bottom left there's an O
with a vertical line coming out the
bottom and then on the bottom right
you've got like the triangle kind of
with the T okay got it now what your
maze ok for the maze there's two green
circles ready to across one down and
then two across six down okay I'm just
confusing what the [ __ ] to do with the
maze oh my
God the white squares on the bottom left
okay go one to the right okay right okay
right okay right okay
up left okay so just read them right
right right
up down up left now what is that
supposed to be solved it's not solved it
didn't turn green oh where am I supposed
to take you I don't know where I'm
supposed to go I gotta get to the
triangle where's the triangle the
triangle is in Row 4 right you
understand when I say row or a column
what I mean so like row or column says
like the top and then columns just like
to the right so that makes sense like
row is up-and-down column just want to
know what columns I've seen in real life
they'd go horizontal it's yellow I have
to hold it I'm holding it now okay
yellow strip release when there's a five
and eighty position okay ready column
one row two
okay six row three let's start from the
bottom left I'm sorry I'm starting from
the very bottom left okay okay the
triangle is in column 5 row 5 I'm in Row
2 column 1 Row 2 no I'm sorry column 1
Row 5 okay so column 5
right it's the red triangle yep where
are you again side column 2 Row 1 I'm in
no no I'm in row five and column one go
all the way up count up to five and then
Row one no no one right was wrong if I
say X comma Y do you understand that hey
I'm in 1/5 that's why I meant 1/5 up
right right go faster down are left good
down right
right right up left left up right right
did you get it or not we were real close
okay left down down down right right
right
up up up right down down down right up
up up up up left down okay that's it
first tribe boys we're ready for the
final level now okay I've got a thing
with a bunch of words in it okay the top
word is there and then the buttons are
hold next you're like sure I'm trying to
fight what's it called do you know when
it's called leanness mazes I don't know
the [ __ ] word choice word guess word box
I have no I just don't know what it is
it what it is
[Music]
second one middle again one middle - two
- like if you're doing got it yup
coordinates is fine you're my box
Porter's perks two three and nope you're
no ox word is first box word now is
nothing okay it should be 1 3 or 1 1
that's 1 1 that's what it should be
anything don't think we're doing the
coordinates right it's like okay right
uh middle first what what the [ __ ] are
you saying
that's what I'm saying press the button
with the label you press at age 3 so oh
my god tell me where you're going
always [ __ ]
got like 240 100 it crushed her we
[ __ ] beat her I'm actually Corrine
geing and how horrible her time was
she's so bad okay we're taking a break
from this game okay
[Music]
