Jews normally had like darker like a
little bit darker skin than like normal
people not in our home people forgot to
tell you that I'm actually already going
to Hawaii yeah
Molina asked me if I could go because
she needs someone to breastfeed the clip
what no I'd like mr. Merton [ __ ] Lilly
peachy level of cringe why would you do
to it it's not what she did it's what I
did
did you kick him now you love the
channel you should get something that's
really really light so contrast with
your pale skin and make you look darker
that's a good one
Jewish Dan with a dark-skinned Oviatt
well let's say that actually I'm kind of
you'll be fine I accept that all right
which moderators and staff that's fine
them that's my nickname
we grew up together because I really
like the Jewish I thought what is it hot
dog oh listen I'm trying to [ __ ] help
you you know yeah I've never made this
guy is a [ __ ] anti-semite cancel them
Jews normally how like darker like a
little bit darker skin than like normal
people not know how people [ __ ] honk
supreme
where's right to bear arms get the white
nationalist tag out ASAP
we need to tag this cheddar the psychic
dude with 8.4 K people way that answered
IT guy did he blow up on twitch Oh God
[Laughter]
where is the sonnet I love it I love it
I'm [ __ ] looking hard right now oh
yeah hard what
I'm too busy jerking off sorry a girl
said of destiny gets in my dams he would
have to shave his beard wait which girl
said that faucet she's like news she
will after after she's my bank account
my my bank account I mean sure thing
dude if you really want me to murderer
known as the Golden State killer okay I
love this guy he's gonna 100,000 subs
can I like sponsor this dude's dream and
sent him a real [ __ ] microphone why
does this guy sound like he's recording
his thing inside of a [ __ ] tunnel
she meters
oh my god okay what I'm trying Molina
its content call me yep
don't do that you need way more subs for
you get away with that kind of stuff
okay
hey it's happy Father's Day actually
listen yours I'm gonna do okay listen
I'm going to pause my stream for three
minutes all of you except for your who
don't have dad's should call your
parents and wish them happy Father's Day
okay that's what I'm about to do okay do
that now
hey my dad's dead you know there's
Hawaiian sign language yeah go ahead
there is it's like a lost language
Western academics are trying to figure
it out but they don't know many people
that even know anymore no debate last
shadow fun game knowledge he's there's
no way [ __ ] diamond floor why the
[ __ ] would I ever ever debate but I
never literally was something like black
shadows I'm clearly way better Dan in my
room right now he goes my heart out of
my server if the next 200 people that
message him will get free disco nitro if
you guys want some free discord nitro
message [ __ ] it Dan and claim it okay
you only got a hundred left to give
first hundred bucks [ __ ] finding me on
the discord list you [ __ ] alright
I'm [ __ ] yeah message any dance that
pop up on your [ __ ] list good luck
boys what right okay what the [ __ ] is
your question I'm go how sad is it that
twitch oh hold on I gotta [ __ ] that's if
it's coming in right now
happy birthday see how did you guys
[ __ ] find me no one can find me when
they talk want to talk to me but you
idiot somehow can [ __ ] do it how is
this possible wow you all are so [ __ ]
clever Wow look at guys you're doing it
to look at all these red ones wow this
is going on the [ __ ] commie list I've
been keeping a notepad for you by the
way Steve when you finally decide to get
rid of all these [ __ ] boys I can just
drop the list there go sounds good wait
why do you hate cruises there's always
like men in the 50s what's wrong with
men when I was like 12 that happened
okay okay
I don't know I had like really really
big boobs so that was like around 12 I
gotta go back to the room look at him
I gotta live booze I gotta get out of
here
what do you mean by that damn it's like
that it was gonna take longer and it did
it why
[ __ ] this [ __ ] dude this is some [ __ ]
cringe ash [ __ ] my balls were seeped
into my body I cringe so [ __ ] hard
why this is so dumb
oh my god I don't know dude idea like
it's funny because like on one hand all
of us will say like oh yeah I mean like
you know kids are dumb you know high
school libertarians you know high school
blah blah blah but then I was like oh
this 15:1 us I'm really important
enlightening [ __ ] to say about [ __ ]
climate you know she doesn't she's
[ __ ] 15 the [ __ ] does she know about
anything
the [ __ ] why the [ __ ] are we taking
moral guidance or political advice I can
understand there are rare cases where
like I think that this is okay so for
instance like firsthand saw like if kids
want to talk about like a school
shooting like what would their
experience that yeah sure that's
relevant like you experience something
horrific and if I correctly you
experience something firsthand like yeah
like let's hear like your take on this
or whatever sure that's good that's that
kind of perspective is good but like why
was a 15 year old know about climate
change there's the truth about the
regressive love
[Music]
Oh stretching no stretching if you're
gonna okay I'm watching I'm playing like
if you're gonna make it listen to this
[ __ ] [ __ ] I need something to do
while I'm listening videos no I'm
listening to videos chill it's politics
yes I'm not gonna sit here and watch a
video thank you you saved me I got real
close to hurricane yep okay I got it
let me also in politics let's talk about
the term regressive left which has
emerged is not really new regressive
[ __ ] watching a video what are you
talking about
[Music]
the term regressive is correctly used in
these contexts but it's equally what's
wrong with it
it's one of the freshest means this side
of the [ __ ] Andrew alright I store
will you be my friend
I want a friend
[Music]
what's wrong with that cuz I'm like 90
and she's like for exampie yeah okay as
I go side a rubber hey now until I get a
call for those all right Ripper in a
cappuccino poverty know how between I'm
up to know Debbie Chino cappuccino
cappuccino cappuccino might address they
say
