hey guys how's it going this is episode
7 of startups we are joined by our
wonderful guest Sam cedar today how are
you doing today Sam
I'm doing well oh you guys how you doing
great uh you know I had a long flight
been up for a while but uh speaking good
to be back home before we jump into all
the topics I mean obviously the
Democratic debates happened last night
do any quick thoughts about those I mean
I I thought it would they were they were
good I mean I enjoyed them I you know I
the big sort of I think headlines for me
were cory booker decided to run in the
left lane of the of the of the primaries
and Bill de Blasio has decided that he's
going to you know wants to be part of
either Warren or Bernie's administration
and I think honestly like Booker sort of
made that calculation as well
I mean people sort of divvied up as to
where they were gonna go and I thought
Castro I thought was was pretty good
Beto
just collapsed like a house of cards I
thought and everybody else I think you
know it's interesting just to mark where
the Democratic Party has has has come in
a relatively short period of time you
know to the extent that the candidates
reflect where the party is
yeah I thought especially compared to
the last election cycle although I guess
we only really had what was it like
Hillary and O'Malley I guess to mark
kind of kind of where the candidates
were aside from Bernie it's interesting
to see so many like very progressive
people on stage now you know talking
about like trans issues a record book ER
and everything
I mean if you go back before that you
know because Hillary came into ome
excuse me 16 further to the left and I
think she wanted to because of what
happened during the primary yeah and so
you go back to oh eight it's it's crazy
it's crazy where you know the major
candidates are relative to where they
were no eight yeah
I think or at least for me a lot of the
questions were how is the 2016 election
cycle like that year how is that going
to change politics going forward and one
of my big fear is coming into this
season especially with Biden coming out
and announcing his candidacy was it
things are gonna kind of like go back to
normal that we were gonna reset
everything and then go back to on the
Democrat side the more traditional
Democrats and everything so I'm happy to
say that I guess uh that the window was
shifted to the left quite a bit on a lot
of those conversations yeah I hope I
mean yeah it's no possible Biden wins
but I I think it's unlikely but yes Oh
hopefully we'll see how the debate scars
interesting okay so without getting to
so we'll kind of talk politics here
obviously we have to considering who's
here but um kind of keeping things sort
of business focused how did the majority
report start another you did a podcast
kind of recently what you talked about
your area in traditional media and then
kind of moving over to the majority
report do you wanna kind of summarize
how you got that ball rolling well the
the the show originally started on radio
it the the first majority report I did
in 2003 in the run-up to the Iraq war I
was in you know straight entertainment
at that point and a buddy of mine had a
show Tom sharp link who does now the the
best show podcast which used to be the
best show on WFMU you which is a
community station in in New Jersey and
we had talked about how there was no
left-wing mass media at all and and I
said you know I want to do you know I
want to do one of those type of things
and so I went over there for two hours
one night with like a huge briefing book
and had managed to book some guy from
Fox & Friends on the weekend who had no
idea what was going to happen and John
Benjamin came out who is the voice of
the majority report he came out did a
live
sort of like introduction of the show
and I had as a guest Janeane Garofalo on
the program because she had been doing a
lot of stuff while we were good friends
but she had been doing a lot of stuff
about the war in the end this was in
February so we were is a month out from
where when we started the bombing of
Iraq and a year later Jeannine called me
and said I've been offered a show on
this network that's gonna launch air
America and she said I told him I do it
if you do with me and I said I'll do it
for you know six months or something is
what I probably anticipated in the
run-up to the election so this was April
2004 and/or March 2004 and you know I
had been I just directed a show with
Gary Busey and had done had written and
directed a show that got bought by this
small network called Treo which is you
know ended up folding into Bravo at the
time and I was like yeah I'll do it for
six months and then just go back into
show business I mean I didn't I didn't
perceive myself as leaving it really I
mean I think I was probably writing a
script at the time and then over time
within six months I was like I like this
I'm gonna stay in this and I still was
doing entertainment but that was the
majority report that we first did with
Janeane Garofalo and then after awhile
she sort of just didn't like the daily
grind of it and I sort of at that point
had had a child and got married and so I
was like yeah it's okay I have a place
to go every day and and then I did a
morning show and I did I ended up doing
one or two other shows for air America
and then the last one I did was
something called break room live with
Marc Maron well we did a video show in
the break room that was about 30 minutes
long it was great content but the
concept was this is before YouTube had
live-streaming I mean this before you
know we had to use I can't even remember
what it was that we were using at that
point it was you know you needed like 14
different computers and each one had to
have one you know component of software
because they wouldn't play with each
other
and then when that show ended and air
America went out of business Maron
launched WTF
and I was like I was gonna go back in a
show business but there had been a
writer's strike and I was like I might
as well try and do a podcast in fact the
a fan of the show of the original
majority report came up to me at
Netroots nation and said you should do a
podcast and I'm like yeah but I think I
like taking phone calls and I wouldn't
know how to you know I can't do that and
I just sounds like huge pain in the ass
and when was this what year was this
when you considered starting a podcast
2010 early 2010 maybe okay maybe was the
summer of 2010 when he approached me and
he's like oh I'll build it for you and
I'm like what do you mean you'll build
it for me he goes no I I'll build the
call a thing where you can take calls
live and I was like okay and he did like
a month later and so I was like all
right I guess I'll do this and I had you
know a bunch of borrowed equipment from
Air America that I still found somehow
got into my apartment and and I used
that and like I had the the real thing
was I had an email list from Air America
that every time I was about to get fired
I'd have people email me and then I
would print the emails out give them to
the dum-dums who worked at Air America
and but I had an email list about 20,000
people and I think if I hadn't had that
email list I would not have been able to
start the show and you know my model
initially was fully membership like I
knew you know I had been talking to
Maren and Brendan McDonald and he was
getting some donations but they quickly
were in an advertising model and I knew
that it would be the opposite for me
because of the depth of the audience
when you say membership base to me like
people were paying to listen like every
person was listen it was like a
subscriber or something or well no I
launched and everybody could have access
to it and then I launched the membership
and I think around that time I basically
said okay the last hour and a half you
have to pay for gacho and but I think a
lot of people I mean at least the
initial wave of people who became
members I think they did it just to
support the show I I think if I had said
you don't get anything extra they would
have been fine because the depth of you
know I think like a an audience that has
known you for years like they did on
radio and also who are interested in
politics is the relationship is
different than it would be if I was
doing I don't know you know
something unlike a here's a here's a
crazy story about this guy I met in
Chicago yeah yeah so this was your first
entrepreneurial thing you did or did you
do something before that when you're
working in media previously to this
whereas your own company I I was
basically doing my career was I was
basically basing it off of of John
Cassavetes to be honest with you I was
making money as an actor in sitcoms
making a lot of money and I was also
writing scripts for sitcoms that I
didn't particularly feel terribly
emotionally invested in and then I would
take some of that money and make my own
stuff and so I had made a couple of
movies and that last show that I did for
trio was based on a movie I had done
that nobody had seen no one is still
barely seen but they they licensed the
movie which was at that point almost
eight years old and then a sequel to the
movie that ended up being a six-part
miniseries and so I I guess I was
entrepreneurial in the sent in that
sense and then actually in 2000 I had
started a company with a couple of the
guys doing short in the first dot-com
bubble doing short like twenty second
videos that were greeting cards
that at that time and this is before I
mean there was no smartphones right and
so like you would get it on a flip phone
and the quality was really poor but we
would do these short jokes that you know
I'm trying to remember like what what
the jokes were I can't even remember but
it was like but there was a we've made
like 40 or 50 these things and in fact
when I launched this show one of the
cameras I had was from that company that
had gone out of business
you know like design before vine existed
oh yeah no this was there was nothing
there was no social media yeah there was
no YouTube there was no Facebook I mean
Facebook I think exists when myspace
started with it you had MySpace and like
live journal and sango yes yes I think
probably and this is in the late 90s so
yeah I mean they were there but you're
on you're on you're on dial-up for the
most part like I think they had rolled
out some DSL and it wasn't ready yet but
the idea was that they were just going
to put these on cell phones and you know
so yeah I mean I I think I'm I've been
entrepreneurial to the extent that there
are certain things I want to do and I
try and I'm they're usually not
necessarily commercially viable and or
commercially viable through like you
know a like a company like an existing
company or I don't play well with bosses
and they come to me and they want me to
do certain things and I mean as you get
older you know you're like oh whatever
but but you know I always had a problem
with that or at least I can always sort
of say that I would say whatever and
then when I get into the situation it
gets a little bit less than whatever
when switching from doing like
conventional media to moving to like the
podcast format what we're like the
biggest like positive and negative
for you well I mean to the extent that
there was a big difference it really had
more to do with just the idea of like I
didn't want to be a businessman I still
don't like I you know I don't like the
idea of of of being my you know running
my own business
I don't like business stuff I get
annoyed by it every time I you know I'm
not working I feel like oh I'm stealing
from myself in some way like I'm not I
could be doing other I could be doing I
could be doing this and but you know
from the to the extent that I was in
conventional media it was not terribly
conventional there was just no liberal
talk radio and there was no liberal
media and you know I'm using the word
liberal broadly because at the time if
you said liberal I would get callers on
air America would call go like you just
called yourself liberal but I'm like
well yeah it's a liberal talk radio
network and and now I think if you
identify yourself as liberal you're
you're subject to critique from the left
but so to the extent that there is any
left there was any left there was no
left media so everything that we were
doing was unconventional anyways and
then just moving to this format I mean
it doing just a podcast as opposed to
the video was pretty liberating insofar
as like I could do that anywhere and
that was was nice like hey I could take
a trip with my kids and go into a quiet
area and and and do the show from my
computer with the way that we do the
video product now I'm a little bit more
constrained but I don't know I didn't
feel like it was that big of a jump
because I don't think I was doing
anything different frankly did you you
never ran into issues on radio where so
not necessarily things like swearing but
like maybe there are some topics that
you want to bring up or address them a
certain way and on radio you're a little
bit more shocked
you didn't feel that that much or it
just was something no I didn't feel that
at all because I mean part of it was I
was making a lot more money in show
business I mean I was making I don't
know that you can you know for someone
who was not successful you know in the
way that we perceive people in show
business be successful I had done ten
pilots I was getting I was I mean the
amount of money that I was getting per
episode or the deals that I made which
was just was just absurd and so
throughout my radio career when I had
many people who wanted me to stop doing
different things I was like fire me I
don't care I'm gonna go if you fire me
you've just basically raised my income
by 40 60 70 80 percent I mean so there
were times when people would say like
you got to stop doing this like early on
I had on the show this guy Michael
Massey who was with the Columbia
Journalism Review and he told Geneva and
I I remember this very distinctly he
said the media is influenced by the fact
that the Conservatives do a lot of of
like you know postcard campaigns and the
you know if you're a journalist and you
get 3,000 letters saying you know it's
you know this and that about your
coverage it's gonna impact your coverage
and so I was like okay and we there was
a lot of controversy about this guy Adam
Nagorny who is a political writer for
the New York Times and someone had
written up a collection of his headlines
granted he may not have written those
headlines but nevertheless they
reflected his coverage and they were and
they were all just sort of excuses are
way John Kerry's doing this wrong if
John Kerry wants to win he's got to push
his military service Kerry's military
service a problem you like stuff like
this and you may be able to find it
online and so one night I was like all
right let's call the New York Times
Washington bureau and tell them what
they're doing is wrong and apparently
the next day
he had another reporter contact Air
America basically threatened our
coverage this is what I was told by an
Air America executive now that Air
America executive I'd also don't have a
huge faith in but this way he told me
the phone banks had been shut down and
this guy was like you got to stop doing
this I don't like no and he was like you
could you're acting like a child and I
said I don't give a [ __ ] like I
literally was like I don't care what
you're saying to me you want to fire me
fire me and he's like well you're gonna
get in trouble with the FCC and I'm like
I don't think the FCC has a law against
this yeah and then he was like well you
cannot say that number on air and I said
all right you just gave me a good reason
as to why I'm not gonna roll my blog
into the air America blog we're gonna
put it on my blog and I'm gonna tell
people to go to my blog and look at the
number and then call it and you know so
I didn't get along much with the people
that I didn't there wasn't a lot of
instances where they listened to
anything and you know at one point
somebody had asked me if if I thought
that I got fired from one because there
was like five different regimes if I had
gotten fired from one because of my
stance on Israel mm-hmm and to my
knowledge that was never the case nobody
ever said anything to me and it's
possible people develop their their
their sense of me based upon what I
would say on air but nobody ever came to
me and say you should maybe back off
this or that I because I didn't I was
like happy to get fired I was you know I
was ambivalent about the whole thing to
the extent that I was like maybe I
should go back in a show business I mean
there's no point meet I guess I am I
feeling what's the time I was like
there's no point in me doing this if I
can't do it the way I want to do it
sure do you think it's possible to have
a level of entrepreneurial control and
still be in a traditional radio or media
of you know television or movies or do
you think that in those formats are
always beholden to someone else at that
level well I think I think it's gonna
change
I mean I think you know I think it's
gonna change because the way that these
companies are structured now I think is
is I think is unsustainable I mean my
understanding is you know Netflix and
Amazon did not exist in the way that
they existed back when I was do it when
I would do shows like and I would pitch
shows and and produce shows and now my
understanding is that they there's far
less development it's far less notes in
the development process they the process
itself is less development oriented
insofar as they don't give you they
don't have you do a pilot they be do
like eight and if the eight catch on
then you're on if the age don't catch on
they boot you immediately because
they're you know and that so I think in
that sense real quick money mean by an
eight like eight full episodes or eight
or yeah okay so it used to be you do a
pilot and then they would depending on
what kind of network it was they would
go out and they would do Q test on it
and they would focus group it and so you
would write you would go in you pitch
the show unless you had an existing deal
you'd pitch the show they would buy it
and you would write half a dozen
versions of the script and you'd take
their notes because that was what you're
getting paid for like you know I could
write the thing in a day and then just
like the notes were just ridiculous and
after a while you learn how to deal with
that like I would always throw a scene
or two in that I was like this is
garbage and hope that they would say
like kid with this scene is does that
seem weird to you and you're like you
know what you're right thing out and so
you could always like address their
notes but I mean over the top that
reminds me a lot of the when when people
would try to get stuff by the censors
they would include stuff that was like
obviously like not good and then they
would remove that as a concession but
they would have other stuff that would
slide there as a result of that kind of
reminder yeah well I mean that's the way
you negotiate with anything right it's
just you have to realize that one point
like oh this is a negotiation and so I'm
gonna put stuff in my ask that I'm
willing to give up
and and then and then it would be made
into a pilot and then they would debate
about you know and all the you know
where's it fit the schedule has a test
you know etc etc and then if I got a
pick up you would get 9 episodes and
then they would decide later if there
was a but that whole process was you
know 1 out of 40 or 50 projects maybe
got pick you know made it to that 9th
episode and now I think it's like you go
in you pitch show and they go okay we'll
make eight and they're gonna make eight
for probably the cost of what two would
have been back in the day and if it does
well they keep it if it doesn't they
just jettison it immediately so it's
it's a different model and it's more
entrepreneurial in that sense there's a
lot less development now it's not
entrepreneurial in the sense that you
own your product although I imagine more
creators are owning more of their
content as they go in but there's a lot
of other players you know with like
agencies and and and packaging and
whatnot but I you know my idea of what
radio is going to look like any time
from like I mean it could happen
tomorrow I feel like but over the next
5-10 years is going to be folks like you
and I will produce our shows and you
know some radio network will pick them
up and distribute them and the revenue
will be some type of will figure out
some type of revenue share and that'll
be it and you know maybe they'll be FCC
issues or maybe maybe not I mean at that
point like you know FCC issues have been
largely made relevant irrelevant by
cable right because cables not subject
to those same sort of restrictions as
broadcast television but nobody knows
the difference between broadcast and
cable
anymore just what or I'd say real quick
a couple things I don't wanna record
before this is kind of related but what
you said about the doing the mask
Collins one thing that I've seen that
has been consistently posted on the
internet that not a lot of people seem
to understand and I and it sounds like
you've got some first-hand experience
with this is if you're really trying to
move like like your local congressman or
somebody on an issue that the two things
that work tremendously well that
everybody discounts today are actually
calling the office and writing letters
that that like getting a hundred letters
at some congressman's office means more
than like a five hundred thousand
signature online petition I've heard
that Allah before and it sounds like
that Collin thing was like pressuring
people to take notice as well well I
I've worked on the hill as a college
student for a summer years you know
thirty more than thirty years ago I
guess it's a little terrifying but but
and they had a specific algorithm that
each letter represented a certain number
of people in their district and I would
imagine today if the algorithm was every
letter represents two hundred people I
would say today it's probably every
letter represents five hundred people or
seven hundred people because people
don't write letters as much and so the
the the effort that you you're right the
effort that is exerted definitely
impacts their perception I mean look net
neutrality was reversed under the Obama
administration because three million
people one person of the country
commented on this and it just flipped it
like that I don't know if it works
necessarily with every you know it's a
function of like what well you know
who's in office and what is the issue
and how hard is it to like actually got
it changed yeah yes for you'd mentioned
earlier about like radio that you think
the model going forward is radio picking
up people from from like on of online
content has that happened yet are you
aware of somebody that kind of like made
a start I know a lot of people from
conventional vide have come to like
online media but does anybody made that
jump back
online media - having a radio show or
anything has anybody made the jump back
as an individual Perez an individual
show or even like it kind of like a
collective sure I'm like Randy Rhoads I
know had gone from radio to podcast and
she just got hot back on radio in San
Francisco mm-hmm
I don't know and at one point I almost
did that in fact I did sort of for a
brief period time about four years ago
but but any like endemic online content
creators that have have transitioned to
traditional media with no presence there
before um I mean I think you've seen it
in television right uh-huh
I mean we've seen podcasters go
those two guys from the Bronx
have a show on Showtime what's the name
of their show it escapes me at the
moment but they they were on line basis
and maro I don't I'm somebody yeah yeah
yeah yeah and who else
well pod save America guys I had a show
on HBO okay um
Bill Simmons I think probably is an
example of that I mean it's happening
and and certainly in the podcast world
they're developing podcasts that get
turned into TV shows like homeland not
homeland homecoming okay Julia Roberts
came from a podcast done by I think
gimlet maybe so you know like there's so
many different worlds within what we do
right like the idea of us doing a live
this thing that we're doing is different
from a lot of it you know you got the
podcasts that are sort of like fully
produced shows you know that are the
equivalent of of an HBO show but just
audio only in terms of what we do like
I'd say those two guys you mentioned and
pod save America similar but
I'm interested in your outlook on radio
in general now I haven't looked into it
too much but my assumption would be that
radio is a medium I would feel like it
was going down and also I'd feel like
the revenue source for radio in general
and I could be wrong by this but I would
say that's probably the least desirable
media advertising opportunity that there
is for most advertisers is when you look
at the outlooks do you if you think
that's the case do you agree with that
well I think all of what you're saying
is well not as a medium I would disagree
right because what we're doing is radio
as an industry as an industry the model
is dead there's no doubt about it the
where you have you know a break every 15
minutes and your ratings are a function
of holding people over the break to get
advertising that that's done I think
you're right but what I'm suggesting is
we're doing an hour and a half of
content today or two hours of content we
could upload this and I have equipment
you know we're that is a functional you
know you can bypass satellite you could
do it all through IP you could do it
live through IP and pump it out not too
dissimilar them the way that they do it
with a satellite hookup but it's much
cheaper right a satellite hookup for a
show you gonna pay a thousand bucks
2,000 bucks a month just to get it
uploaded well can you explain what you
mean by that I have no idea what you
mean when you say satellite the show so
I can tell you this that but four years
ago I did a three to six three six p.m.
Eastern radio show Ed Schultz had left
and there was some slot open up and I
tried it for a couple of months and it
was an independent thing the guys I was
working with got me to a studio in Times
Square like a maybe was a clear channel
studio I don't know I will go in that
room I would do the show it would get
sent to a
satellite uplink sends it up and then
sends it back down and each radio
station across the country that was
carrying the show has a receiver and
they would play the show live that way
and just getting them that product
because everything was legacy equipment
was an extra couple grand a month right
and gotcha so you're saying like that
that's at least now if I put a unit that
cost me $1,100 in the studio then I
could put one in that in in 20 different
stations and I can I can do it where
it's free it's just the internet and so
that cost is gone and so the the idea is
that I think you can get to the point
where radio is the bar to entry becomes
only nominally more expensive than the
bar to entry on let's say YouTube gotcha
and at that point if I can say to you
guys look you're doing your your Harry's
ad and we come up with a metric where we
say - Harry's like we want to
cost-per-acquisition on your on your
sales or or here's the coupon code but
we're going to be delivering that to
maybe not other hundred thousand people
conceivably I mean I think like it is
there's not going to be huge margins in
it but I think the idea is that it's
going to be in the same way that like
you guys would say like why wouldn't we
put this show on I'll put it on if I can
if I can stream this to twitch and to
youtube and to Vimeo and to Facebook all
simultaneously
why wouldn't I you know I would unless I
one of them was giving me a specific you
know exclusivity deal or somehow I
thought I'd hurt my monetization on one
of the platforms but I think like by now
my sense is that doesn't happen like I
can stream on Facebook and YouTube and
I'm not gonna lose viewers on YouTube
I'm just gonna gain them on Facebook
wait why stream on Twitch then what
come with that III we're trying to it's
really just our own technical
limitations to be honest with you we may
do that for the debates tonight I want
to the chapel guys were streaming
yesterday too so I know they were and
and I had to take my you know we had
about a hundred thousand views on our
YouTube debate coverage at one point we
were up into 14,000 people
contemporaneously but then I heard that
YouTube is giving people strikes for
others the NBC one casting yeah there's
a nefarious people who got banned as a
result that's true and and so I got
worried because I mean I think we're
doing I think it's fair use I mean we're
commenting throughout the entire thing
but we we had a copyright attorney
come on previously to one of these shows
and it's it's incredibly nuanced the
active of doing this this live
commentating and I think he even said a
lot of this stuff really needs to go to
court to find out what is or isn't and
the issue is YouTube doesn't give a [ __ ]
they're just gonna be like you know this
is we like NBC you're a small fry see
you later so that that's all it's gonna
take in that case exactly yeah so I so
we pulled it down because I was like I
can't afford to not be able to stream
for 90 days you get one strike on
youtube with that and you're you're
you're out for 90 days which is yeah a
lifetime and online content and very
very scary and finally does YouTube has
like subscriptions you could want some
like torture subscriptions correct yeah
I mean I I don't know how much I mean
that I don't know how much that would be
implicated but I just know that for my
from my channel in particular we started
live-streaming things started really
popping on my channel and you know
that's our big I think the thing that I
do different from most of these you know
you do it differently but but most of
the people in my space
you know like Kyle kolinsky and David
Pakman they tend to you know I feel like
I'm doing a radio show I just put a
camera on it they're there
are actually like constructing separate
segments and selling them together and
then maybe doing a you know a live
segment at one point or another so for
me that's that's it's really important
but the point being there though is that
like radio as a as a medium I think is
ultimately just gonna be another
platform for you say ray do you mean
essentially audio-only content basically
content that you can get over the
airwaves over the airwaves meaning the
internet or literally still FM style I'm
talking early a.m. FM you so you think
that I mean what do you think the
lifespan of AM FM is at this point I
mean don't you think we're gonna have
some sort of I don't want to say
revolution but essentially what we had
with broadcast television going to
digital only and having a huge fall back
on the viewers they're like what what's
your take on the future of AM FM radio
it's still gonna be the I don't see why
it would go away
I mean they're the the cost associated
with the MA like I just I just don't see
why it would go away I mean you can
stream stuff in your car I guess and
will ultimately get to that but I don't
see like why it you know if I am I think
when people go into their cars and they
listen to radio they do so there's just
there's a habitual quality to it that I
think is where where there is something
that people like the idea of getting a
medium that that is a push as opposed to
a pull medium right like I like to get
into my car I don't even like to think
about having to prep what I'm gonna
listen to or anything like that I turn
on the car and they used to say like
that's why if you're gonna take a day
off and radio you know do it on its
Monday or a Friday because you
particularly don't do it on Fridays you
want to make sure that they have left
their dial on your station and and I
think that I I think that's there I
think it's just a question of like the
the value of those stations to go down
enough where all you have is a stick and
you just send it out and and why
wouldn't you
I'm sorry is a question yeah the
question is if the business can survive
to that point right it doesn't have to
like all I literally need is the I want
the business to fall apart because
there's significant cost isn't there
with with operating FM transmitters and
AM transmitters and that type of stuff
not really because it is fading but not
okay they're usually just like the real
estate not like they exist and the real
estate people don't put radio towers in
a place where you know I'm sure there
are some locations were like we got to
build condos here but that's not you
know they're just just service the
sticks are literally just in the sticks
and you know like upstate I used to do
my radio show from from upstate at one
point and I would beam it down through a
dia an ISDN box and there was a radio
station right where I live like like
like a mile and a half away from where I
was I was out in the country had two big
sticks and I went in there and it was
nobody there station there's just a
machine and it just could and that's it
on this front when you browse the radio
there's obviously not every station is
essentially taken there's gonna be dead
dead air in there what is the cost today
let's say you know if you're in Nebraska
and you want you know you find out that
96:5 is not taken what is the cost for
you to say you know what I'm gonna set
up a radio station ninety six five is
gonna be me the FCC regulations and I
don't know this too well but the FCC
regulations are such that you need to
have that that each of those frequencies
at least above a certain point on the
dial require a certain amount of wattage
in terms of the strength that they
reserve those frequencies for a specific
strength of wattage which basically
translates into distance and
so you might have expenses that are
associated with building a tower and you
know buying the equipment but what I'm
talking about our stations that already
exist
sure and most of them are gonna become
like Christian broadcasting and I mean
I'm not big and I think and probably and
then you know depending on the locale I
think you're gonna get a lot of
spanish-speaking radio and then I think
they're just gonna stay there and be
maybe you know I mean something's gonna
happen to them to these to these towers
and they're gonna get cheaper and then
at one point they're gonna be valuable
billboards I think I'm kind of curious
backing up a little bit to you seem like
you really enjoyed the acting thing in
the writing scripts and and that whole
process and I admit I just because of
the nature of online stuff I don't have
time to go to him anywhere near as much
money as I want to but do you guys
incorporate like a lot of skits or that
type of stuff into your stuff I haven't
seen any of that at all is that
something you wish you could do more
especially like we talked about in the
pre-show like a lot of like online
leftist or lefty content is getting more
popular right you've got Natalie with
contra points philosophy tube H bomber
guy has that ever been something you've
considered doing like writing skits for
the majority recording yeah I mean I'm
I'm so jealous of like of younger people
who are starting out now and they're
basically being able to say like I'm
gonna like you know and I look at like
the stuff that Contra points does like
that she's doing like artwork and it's I
mean I think like doing a daily show
with two and a half hours three hours
like we do is just it's too relentless
firsthand I just I just don't have the
time to do it and I you know I've got
two kids and I have sole custody of them
half the time and I just don't have the
time you know my contributor on the show
Michael Brooks has spun off a show and
he's doing one show a week and he's
doing great the show is doing great
and I'm just jealous at the fact that
like he gets to plot out what he's gonna
do you know what I mean like like I'm
gonna have this segment I'm gonna create
that segment and I I've never it's just
been too much to to do that and so I've
sort of resigned myself and it took a
while to get used to that because when I
was in show business you know right
before I started radio the I had spent
nine months producing six half hours
maybe you know like between the script
writing and the shooting and the editing
maybe the whole process eight nine
months and it's like every one of those
minutes is accounted for her yeah you
know in those half hours and now it's
just like it's a different it's a
different thing and it took a while for
me to get used to the idea of like to
the extent that we do anything that's
that's funny it's disposable as opposed
to the stuff I used to work on where I
was like this is you know designed for
people to watch like four or five times
yeah so yeah I mean I but you know I'm
older now and so I'm tired so this is
something I'm really curious about in
regards to work did you have you watched
the The Andy Milonakis Show are you
familiar with him yeah I remember that
guy I haven't watched it in years but he
was uh from Kimmel right they found yeah
yeah he streams on Twitch he's a cool
guy he's a friend of mine and we talk
sometimes about about doing online
content and I'm really curious about
what you just said because you would
spend when you're writing scripts you're
doing shows you spent so much time like
every single minute has got so much
thought that's going into it as opposed
to content creators now I'll use myself
and examine you but like I come on and I
scream for like eight hours a day
and it's largely to use your words
disposable content you watch it one time
a lot of people don't even like to watch
the vod's for this kind of stuff because
if they don't see it live they like yeah
you know who cares what's the big deal
do you ever feel like you don't have as
much satisfaction from doing like so
many hours of live content you don't get
the same type of fulfillment as you do
from doing like prepared work this is
something that Andy's complain a lot
about so and you come from showbiz I'm
curious definitely I mean I you know
like I
I've largely gotten over it but but for
a long time yes and you know like I I've
done of just this at of this iteration
of the majority port I don't know to
2000 shows more I don't know and I can't
remember what I did last week but I can
still tell you about cuts that I made in
in this show pilot season
like I remember cuts and I remember like
like literally we cut you know I cut on
the downbeat as opposed to this like I
can remember those and I made that 15
years ago so you know so yes I do miss
that it's it's it's a it's different
it's different but I also you know like
the you know it's different and and
there are are times where I think of
like you know maybe maybe in a couple of
years I can stop doing this and I'll do
this show that I have in my head that
type of thing
one of the things I think is interesting
is what where is the majority report at
this this day and age as far as staff
and direction and where are you really
trying to go with it essentially moving
forward or even starting how many people
work for you guys now how big is it we
have three four people on payroll in the
audience and the office and who come in
with different sort of roles and you
know times but are all more or less
present during the show
I have people a couple of people working
remotely who are contractors doing
social media basically optimizing
YouTube and we're just about to launch I
haven't your breaking news break is
outstanding we are going to launch a
morning
a very brief morning brief show on
YouTube or on and some other format or
mean audio at first and it may be
YouTube but but it's it's it's so quick
and but to be honest with you like I've
never given I've tried to think around
where it's going but I'd I'm not doing
this as a business you know what I mean
like I never I think I'm good at
optimizing what I'm doing at the point
and figuring out how to run a business
to do what I want to do but I've never
had business aspirations so it's only
occurred to me you know lately like hey
I would like this business to make money
where and I don't have to be sitting
here talking you know but how does that
happen and and I also like one of the
things that I've wanted to do like if I
if someone was to come to me ago like
here's a million dollars what are you
gonna do I think what I would do would
be some variation of what we're talking
about with the radio thing which would
be to seed a bunch of like independent
shows develop there I mean political
political ones I mean this is the only
reason why I'm doing this is basically
for the politics because if you know I
will go back to show business if I
didn't care about the politics wait
really
when you say you care of the politics do
me like you care talking about it you
feel like you're making a measurable
change in American opinion or what
opinion or what do you mean by politics
I'm I feel like I'm making an
immeasurable like like I I don't I
wouldn't even you know butterfly wings
it's basically it okay you know maybe
someday you know maybe it can help if I
thought it had absolutely if somebody
gave me verifiable proof that it's not
helping I would go okay I'm rolling this
up but but nobody can give me that
verify all proof that it's not helping
so I think that it could you know look I
know
that I'm helping some people sell books
sure I mean you're supposed to be
supposedly your really big online but I
haven't seen Steven Crowder respond to
your debate challenge at all yet so I'm
not entirely sure I I also have we're
gonna do a special report on that suit
actually there's more to that story and
I have the receipts okay um but but yeah
like I don't know I mean you know do you
know do you have a sense if you're
making it well I mean I will say this
like after this I'm gonna interview
Caleb Kane and I've interviewed him for
Ring of Fire and he specifically cited
you as to why you know how he got out of
this sort of like alright wormhole that
he was falling into and the YouTube
world for me like has has brought about
a new sort of sense of purpose to be
totally honest with you and that's it
right there like three years ago four
years ago in fact he's coming on the
show tomorrow but Matt bender used to be
a producer here and he has a podcast
called doomed and and he when my son was
born I wanted to take a little time off
on Mondays so that I could spend time
with a kid in he and and Michael Brooks
would host the show and Matt would come
to mine he goes like I want to interview
this person or debate this person he's
men's rights at you know activist and
I'm like dude that's not politics and
you come to me he's like look there's
this controversy about gaming stuff and
I'm like do what you want but as far as
I'm concerned that that's not politics
there's just [ __ ] [ __ ] and and
then you know like three years later all
those guys are in the White House and so
it's like I need to reevaluate and and
and half the show now is dedicated to
going after people like dave rubin and
steven crowder like two and a half years
ago I noticed that Dave Rubin said that
he was writing a book apparently it
isn't I don't know what happened to it
but he was writing a book and I was
like I remember saying they ever been
the office I want to make it so that if
any journalist searches for Dave Rubin
that that I come up and they get a
different story about him that was like
that was Michael was the guy I know he's
never gonna deal with me face to face so
I'm gonna make it so that I'm you know
basically you know the cock-block excuse
the expression
you know his ability to get mainstream
media coverage and I feel like I feel
like I may have done that I mean I think
to a certain extent it is very hard for
him to get written up by somebody in the
way that he was starting to get press
cage so you know that that that's that's
part of the agenda but yeah it's for me
it's a it's about doing the politics and
so I think you know I don't know maybe
it's possible I'm not helping it all but
I don't feel like I'm hurting yeah I'm
kind of curious we approach this way
differently so I'm curious for you like
what level I don't need word martyrdom
but like at what level do you think that
it's like this is too much or like so
let's say for instance you have the
opportunity to pursue like some other
interest whether it's something in show
business that's lightly political or
something that you just saw reven taking
a break from the show just to take more
time for yourself how much how do you
figure like I'm willing to make this
much of a personal sacrifice because I
feel like I'm making a measurable change
like is that like is that it's something
you would like drive yourself into the
ground doing because you feel so
strongly about it or is there like a
pretty easy breaking point me like this
is too much like I don't want to do this
anymore
how do you how do you approach that how
do you even begin to think about that
yeah that's a good question I mean in
the run-up to the O for election I got
offered a movie would Ben Affleck and I
specifically remember telling my manager
like dude I can't I've been telling
everybody this is the most important
election in you know our lifetime and I
and I I think
was I think I thought it at the time and
in retrospect I think it might have been
frankly the Oh for election and I was
like I can't I can't do this and and
really since then I think that like you
know I I will go in and I will take a
day like I did a good fight this show on
CBS a day on that you know like a year
or two ago or I would take a week if it
came up now I think people would be ok
with that you know it you know it's
something to break it up for something
longer than that ya know I feel like I
have a responsibility on some level and
certainly because I have you know a lot
of my my funding comes from membership
and I sort of feel very I'd feel less
obligated if if people weren't paying to
support the show but I you know I've
toyed with the idea of like boy it would
be nice to take a week off like right
now we take off everybody takes off
everybody in the show at least gets the
Department of Education vacations that
like that and then one week in the
summer and everybody else on the show
tends to take another week or so some
more than others I'm not going to point
any fingers they're not here in the
office at the time but it's and but yeah
I mean it's I've thought like you know
I'd have maybe Michael fill in I I would
feel bad about it I would feel bad I
don't perceive myself as a martyr I feel
like I am super lucky to be able to do
this show and I run into people on the
street who are like I love your show and
this and that it makes me feel good that
you know people enjoy it so I don't feel
like a martyr I do feel like I have a
responsibility and if if another
opportunity came up you know it's not
it's it's unlikely now I'm sort of
passed that largely but if one of my
friends from show business came in and
said
you know can you do two or three weeks
in a movie I would do it sure and you
know I could do maybe some interviews
and this and that but I I do it's in the
back of my mind like this is a
responsibility I can't walk away from
huh and that vein I guess when it comes
to looking at the majority record if you
could talk to viewers this is something
I think about a lot what's like what's
like the one or two things you want them
to take away after consuming like
content that you do for some amount of
time like what if you could say like hey
what what is it that you like about my
show what do you want to hear the most
as a response that makes you feel like
you're doing are you having a fulfilling
job are you doing something good for the
world
I want them to walk away with a better
understanding of like political dynamics
of the mechanisms of policy I want them
to have a greater appreciation for the
importance of the judiciary in the
context of our our system I want them to
think strategically in terms of politics
and in terms of power and then I want
them to get active and basically go out
and do what I'm doing for them or with
them to other people you know that's
that's basically it I mean I just want
to be want you know creating ripples and
have them carry those ripples forward
and yeah that's it I mean that's that
that would be it it's like well you know
call it and say yeah like I've gotten
involved in politics or I I'm running
for office or I explained to my dad that
Medicare is has spends three cents two
cents on every dollar on administrative
cost versus private insurance spends you
know eighteen cents on every dollar and
my dad was like good maybe we should
have Medicare for everybody like that
would make me feel very happy
your parents are way more receptive to
political stuff that by now oh my
parents I'm saying other people oh okay
I think my mom screamed at me last year
we talked about it she
said Obamacare didn't call me to give me
any health insurance I don't know what
your Oh God parents and politics is a
nightmare for for the majority report
stuff when you think about that so
you're basically like advocating for
like people to be political activists
that are informed like informed
political activism basically um so again
I've very limited time it falls from
line or I'm just lazy whichever one you
want to take have you guys ever thought
of doing something where like the Young
Turks were that did a lot of like large
like I think like fundraising political
stuff to like get like certain
candidates you know more mobilized have
you guys ever thought about getting
involved in stuff like that like like
really taking on a candidate or like for
in terms of advocacy or something like
that did you have those kinds of
aspirations or is it outside of what you
want the radio I used to do that
uh-huh the radio I think frankly on
radio I think I pioneered that largely I
mean at one point we teamed up with
Marcus Milius back in like 2000 or maybe
in the run-up to the 2004 election and
we were fundraising we would raise we
could raise some real money for people
on radio my platform was too small to do
that in this instance it seems to me I
mean I will I just sort of largely got
out of the candidate business because I
think there are better platforms to do
that and I'm just more often than not
disappointed by politicians and so I and
I just feel like there's there's too
much almost like getting like
emotionally attached to politicians as
opposed to issue sets and you know too
much worried about whether this person
is sincere or not sincere or it's a
true-blue like I don't care I have a low
estimation of people in general when I
get the window you know a look at them
specifically for sure and I I don't care
if someone is
you know pushing medicare-for-all
because it's opportunistic for them if
they're if they're subject to if their
calculation is that it behooves them to
push for this and that it's policy that
will help them great I don't care
okay that's oh man I have the same
opinion sometimes as I see there are a
lot of people I don't wanna get too into
the the purity testing stuff or whatever
for that a lot of people who love seem
to be involved in but like anytime I see
a company do things where they have like
either LGBT advertisements or or their
movies with LGBT characters and
everything like well they're just doing
it to make money or to push a narrative
you know I always wonder like yeah so
what is that really that bad of an idea
like if we have like the greater
representation like as long as at the
end of the day you're accomplishing
something like good after effect like
you know yeah I'm not going to give
credit to a company for being you know
they're they're so great because they're
doing this I'm just gonna say like good
yeah I mean if you know I mean I measure
the results and or anticipate the
results and so yeah I I have no problem
with people doing good things for craven
reasons as long as it's ultimately good
things it doesn't necessarily mean I'm
gonna trust those people or not but I
just like well you know what I have a
notion of what how I want society to
look like and I don't you know I don't
it's not all gonna be done by people who
have like the purest of intentions
sure I'm I'm curious how advertising
works on political content specifically
do you find it difficult and also do you
have people coming after your advertiser
so if you do the wrong things are hard
to hold on to them is it the lower CPMs
because your content can be like that
what's the challenge as far as having
selling ads I guess against political
content well I can I can sort of like
like a broad point it over the course of
doing it so obviously I get ads on
YouTube that seems to be agnostic as to
like I have no sense of what I don't
even know what ads are playing on
YouTube
so the ads I get
I get from mid-roll primarily on my
podcast and when we started out with
mid-roll years ago they said send us a
list of your big names that you have on
your show and I'm like I mean like Naomi
Klein or like Matt Taibbi or now like
who I'm like well like you like Glenn
Greenwald right like they had no idea
yeah like no idea what - whatsoever who
like so I was like oh this is gonna be a
bit of a problem because and for a long
time advertising was just sort of anemic
things picked up a couple years ago
because you know like well I also had to
tell them like alright yeah no I'm I
can't do that at and they're like why
and I'm like well I have a problem with
uber as a company or I'm not I'm not
representing any banks or you know like
I'm not going to tell people to buy gold
or whatever it is like I'm just like
there's going sounds investment I mean
now it doesn't happen as much because
they already can anticipate to a large
extent like I've cut off like a whole
set of industries but at one point I was
like every third or fourth ad I was like
okay I can't do that yeah and they
didn't you know they're selling - comedy
podcast that the concept was just
bizarre to them and I would get on and
they said well what about go on a phone
call with them and I remembered there
was like one where it was like you know
some type of like crowdsource lending
and I just got on the call with these
people I'm like can you tell me what
regulatory agency is looking into this
like who do you respond you know what
that's a great question well and but so
now it's been okay but I've never had a
problem with anybody come back from
content but I don't know if you're aware
of what happened Mike Tsarevich and I or
the MSNBC thing
oh yeah yes like a campaign to basically
screw you essentially with by pulling up
a whole tweet or something I had a tweet
that I wrote in like 2009 in response to
a petition that was going around to
allow Roman Polanski to come back into
the country to accept some type of like
Lifetime Achievement Award and Roman
Polanski left the country after he had
been convicted of statutory rape a 13
year old girl who had been basically
drugged and he skipped the country
because he thought that the judge was
not going to accept the plea deal and
was going to give him more time than he
thought whatever it was and I had seen a
lot of friends who were directors who
were signing this thing and I was it was
gross to me and so I tweeted out
something the fact like I don't care
about Roman Polanski but if my
daughter's ever raped
I hope it's by a much older man who has
a great sense of meson sin and know I
did in 2009 and then a much different
time back then yeah I stand by the
sentiment of that tweet like I don't I
don't know if I would use that those
words today per se but I have no problem
with that tweet and a year and a half
ago is my birthday I got off the subway
I was walking to the supermarket to get
some stuff because I was having some
people over for dinner and I saw that
tweet pop up and I'm like what is this
and I went to see who would tweet it out
it was just like somebody with like 25
followers and I was like I'm just gonna
delete the tweet like I'm you know I
don't have time to look at this I'm just
gonna delete it who cares no and by the
time I got to the supermarket I get a
call from MSNBC saying do you know who
Mike Stern of itch is yeah I made fun of
him yesterday on my show and
well he is found a tweet of yours and so
long story short MSNBC ended up firing
me but over the course of that week I
had found out from one of the
advertisers who was not from mid-roll
that they had gotten an email claiming
from like some child rape group saying
that they want you know is clearly a
fake email right that you got to drop me
and I realize like oh he's going after
my advertisers and that's when I really
panicked because the MSNBC gig frankly
like it doesn't pay very much and the
value of it to me is like every once in
a while I get to go on there and you
know champion a position that's not
there I mean I think I'm probably
arguably one of the more left
if not the most left person that is
allowed to go on there on a regular
basis anyways when we bomb Syria I was
the only person on MSNBC in the prime
time saying full-throated Lee we should
not be bombing Syria which is sad but
you know it gives me a reason to it but
beyond that and it makes my parents
happy they can you know their friends
say like I saw your son on demo said we
see on TV and that's it but so I was
worried about the advertisements and
Marin and Brendan McDonald they
basically said anybody who drops Sam's
show cannot advertise on our show and so
they basically saved my advertisers
because by stepping in and doing that
and that was the only time that politics
theoretically in any way implicated my
ads ultimately I was rehired by MSNBC
which is a whole nother story but do you
think that that's an effective strategy
for dealing like for instance with
people like steven crowder is this an
actual effective strategy that
people should be using to try and change
what's going on or do not condone that
aspect like for the people out there
that feel marginalized or anything by
steven crowder should they be doing
letter-writing campaigns to his
advertisers saying what you're doing is
wrong oh I don't think there was I don't
think what what was done to me was wrong
from a process standpoint I just think
that that tweet is clearly in fact I had
anti-rape activists who were saying this
is the 1% of rape jokes that are okay
because I was attacking the people who
were being apologists for rape and you
know it's it's satire clearly I don't
get to choose who rapes my daughter and
I the idea of choosing who rapes your
daughter based upon their ability to
create a good composition with the shot
of their you know on their film that's
clearly satire right yeah and you're
wealthy you have status you basically
get a pass on a lot of this stuff right
like oh you know like OJ Simpson esque
you know I hope that if if my fiance
gets murdered by a basketball player I
hope that they at least average you know
whatever points a game right it like in
that vein you well I mean just the idea
yeah I mean it's it's good satire and
and I think like I can understand why
corporations don't have the ability to
make that assessment in the same way
that lets say MSNBC did like MSNBC
spends millions of dollars theoretically
a year hundreds of millions of dollars I
imagine trying to figure out what the
truth is and presenting it right and so
like you should be able to you know
there are everybody there is English
speakers everybody should be able to
figure out what satire is everybody
understood what a man and you know I got
I got interviewed about somebody who
wanted me to like camera member who was
maybe Jeffrey Lord that guy on CNN and I
can't remember what he did called
somebody Hitler or I don't know what he
did and so you know don't that's my
opinion don't did no one sue me for that
I don't remember what it was but and
somebody a reporter called me he said
don't you feel like you should defend
Jeffrey Lord no I don't well but he's in
the same situation you are know what he
said was garbage and I don't you know
you can say whatever you want but that
doesn't mean that you get to keep your
job as a contributor on cable news it
doesn't mean that you get to do a
podcast with you know a razor company
sponsoring you know you there are
consequences for what you say or what
you do and there should be
I just advocate for you know the
consequences to be determined at least
on face value if society felt like if
satire was a horrific thing that we all
agreed was problematic and had caused
you know the subjugation of a lot of
people and I probably wouldn't have used
satire but so I think it should be we
should contextualize this we we should
have the ability to to take these things
in context so I yeah i think crowder
yeah i think he should be de platformed
or at the very least at the very least i
don't think that steven crowder has any
type of right to make money off that
[ __ ] huh you can if youtube if we feel
that YouTube is I guy I personally feel
that YouTube needs to be broken up I
think all these companies are too large
I think there's too much money being
made via them and I think a lot of like
YouTube is unhealthy frankly for society
and I have no problem with being broken
up and becoming less lucrative for
people I'm all in favor of that I'm Kai
I think it's perfect than their realm to
say you know what because we're the the
town square now you can do your show but
they're not allow you to make money off
this I'm kind of curious in terms of
your overall view this kind of retrofit
essentially everybody just like roughly
like when it comes to things like satire
you know especially growing up I'm kind
of like a cynical dark humoresque person
and I've always been a big fan of you
know satire in those forms of comedy do
you feel like satire is really hard to
do these days because of
because like satire becomes
indistinguishable from people's actual
positions these days hey I mean I I saw
Mort Sahl say that 30 years ago mm-hmm I
mean I think the onion does a good job
of it I think I look at the onion
headlines I think they're pretty funny
and I think they capture something I
mean it's really just you just yeah it's
it's it's tricky but I don't think it's
impossible yeah I mean I you know like
it's the satire has to go different
places and then you know and it's it's
difficult because we have mediums where
people can't fully understand them you
know like it's hard to know if someone's
being satirical in in a tweet maybe yeah
you know but people need to look at
context I mean I I frankly have no
problem with some things being
misunderstood well you brought up
previously that you'd be okay with
Steven better essentially not being able
to be making money off of youtube do you
think that that sort of system where you
were to break up YouTube or whatever it
is but also seriously negative affect
people who may be on the left or people
who aren't pushing a negative reason and
is that a fair it's almost like the
better to not have one innocent man go
to jail and set a hundred free that
we're guilty type of thing like is that
worth the trade-off there yeah I mean I
agree in terms of jail but but in terms
of like the opportunity to make you know
big wads of cash on YouTube I I think it
is detrimental to society to have this
type of economic concentration with one
company that is so important that if it
if it follows its term of service you
know that it's creating a national you
know they're they're holding hearings on
it in in Congress right I mean that's
what the the house was holding hearings
on shadow banning and [ __ ] like that
which is our diamond intellicus
appearance before cut uh
yeah exactly I mean and
there's a whole nother host of reasons
why I think we should be you know sort
of like breaking stuff up and we should
need to return to the antitrust regime
we had before the 80s but yeah I I think
do you think YouTube outside of Google
just imagined YouTube is its own company
do you think that's enough just to have
YouTube by itself not owned by anyone
else or is even that too big in your
opinion I I don't know I I don't know
it's hard to I don't think they should
have ever been it allowed to buy it
Google in the first place and now like I
don't have a sense of how big it is
you know if that would be enough but
that's where I would start and then I
would assess do we need to do more of
this I mean the the integration with
search and with advertising is highly
problematic and I suspect that if
YouTube did not have that relationship
with with the broader Google then their
ability to serve so many videos would be
diminished and then they would have to
impose they would have to have a
slightly different business model I mean
look the problem at Google right now is
that or with the YouTube is that they're
doing this all by algorithm my
understanding from talking to people who
work at Google is what they don't want
to do is have the staff with human
beings they want to do it all through
our artificial intelligence and you can
see all the problems with that of course
right and and so if they actually sat
down and watched one of my videos they
could assess like oh this is satire or
this is not promoting you know hate or
whatever it is but they don't want to do
that and it's and so it's even more
frustrating cuz the emails they send you
when they tell you that your stuff has
been D monetized like it says after a
manual review of your videos like there
is no way that somebody watched this and
came to this conclusion I know that it's
because of the title and because of a
few of the words that showed up probably
and like the texts like the closed
captions whatever there's no way that
somebody watched this video I think the
manual review what they're saying is
that the we check to see if the inputs
into the algorithm were in line with
what our criteria were
sometimes those inputs come in and they
get in some way corrupted sure I'm not
sure what those inputs are etcetera etc
or what the weighting system is for
different things but that's what they're
they're not reviewing the content
viewing the signifiers that are
associated with the content basically
they have the algorithm that determines
of the video makes it or not and then if
it doesn't then they manually review it
by running it through a second algorithm
to make sure the first one will right
basically I think that's true and
sometimes it reverses and sometimes it
doesn't but this is an example of a
company prop profiting on their lack of
hiring human beings to do this job that
creates problems in society insofar as
you know it it warps one of the major
platforms for expression so we have a
classic case of we're going to
externalise the cost because society
pays the cost society pays the cost are
you saying he wouldn't allow some
content in your ideal vision like
Princeton Magee example let's say there
was a very fundamentalist preacher or
something
who said that gay people were evil and
he wanted to help upload a sermon to
that to this new YouTube do you think
that type of content which he believes
his religion says or whatever it is is
that the type of content that should be
allowed under his religion or should
that not be allowed because that's you
know offending a lot of other people and
you know essentially causing them harm I
think the idea is that you would have
competing services and some services
would cater to to some audiences and and
some to others
and that's better cuz I mean essentially
we have that with like what is a gab and
I don't know storm front or whatever I
don't really compete at scale right like
sure right but yeah they can't compete
at scale because because you have these
platforms which are so integrated with
these you know and so capitalized but
yeah I think it would be better because
you wouldn't have
people stumbling on to this stuff you
would force people to go and and look
for it more yeah and well that's I think
where I'm all the push back is gonna be
from right for someone religious in the
South trying to go and see something
that says hey the Confederacy is awesome
and you can't find that that's like the
offensive part to him that it couldn't
be on his site yeah I mean and so go to
a different site yeah I think the
problem is I think I in terms of Sam
saying like the the the the vertical
integration is insane that I can go to a
store and I buy like a cell phone and
that cell phone comes pre-loaded with an
operating system that's mining all of my
stuff that's giving the advertisements
in my email that might link link me to
YouTube videos that are being advertised
like and all of it is ran by like a
single unifying company and it's like
how do you even begin to one compete
with that is another like product and
then to as a consumer how do you escape
from that when it's everywhere what do
you go on the internet where Google
doesn't have their their fingers
involved in some way let's let's not
forget that in I don't know how many
states is it in the country right now
half the states you can get fired for
being gay you get fired from your job
for being gay not for anything that you
say not for anything that you do you can
get fire for your job being gay you can
be denied housing because you're gay
like the idea that I should have the
right to go on to a you know a video
platform you know and say anything it's
just like what there's no basis in in in
in certainly there's no basis in
American law for that didn't know base
in a law and I I can't see how you say
that's that it's healthy for society now
the problem is is that YouTube is the
only outlet for that that you know it
that is that the size of YouTube and
Facebook in particular have become so
large and have overpowered our society
but we don't you know like where's my
hour on MSNBC you know I said like like
it would be absurd to say how come you
know the news is
covering this I mean so III think that
like the internet you have an
opportunity post a video on very
different many different formats and put
it on your website if you want to say
God hates [ __ ] you know you can do that
if you want to say you know you know
hikes are cheap you can make a video and
put that right on that website and do it
and but you there's no reason why you
should have a right to monetize it on
YouTube that's just absurd
you know like and so I have I have no
problem with that I have no problem
that's the you know you hear the right
talk about the marketplace of ideas all
the time like well it's oh dude my
biggest pet peeve is you know you get
workers that are let off of their jobs
you get workers that are fired for being
gay or just committing some other sense
you have all of these issues where you
know conservatives always talk about
well the free market will step in if
that if they were truly discriminating
then another employer will come in and
fix this that's right I'm sure but when
it comes to Twitter or Facebook where
conservatives are being discriminated
against well hold on maybe these should
be public utility I could I couldn't
believe I think this I think they
started picked up maybe like a year or
two ago when it really started to pick
up where conservatives were on
ironically saying like Oh Facebook
should be nationalized like this is like
we need to Venezuela our Facebook's and
our Twitter's it's like oh wow that's
what it took to bring you over to the to
the some companies are too large to fail
sigh like Jesus is insane to me yeah
that's how every conservative has a
revelation yeah you know my son is gay
and now I realize that gay people should
have right yeah or or my mistress got
pregnant
maybe abortion isn't the worst thing
well yeah
but I will say this that like I I am
yeah I think there's something to
nationalizing these things as utilities
for sure you know the only problem is is
that then you're like then you really
get into First Amendment issues where
like every video does need to be sort of
like tested as like you know are is this
being anti-discriminatory can you you
know what can't you put up there which
is why I feel like that would be even
that much more
difficult to to have them natural has
the best thing to do is just to break
them up into small pieces so there isn't
a 1:1 entity where if you're not on it
you're at a you know extreme
disadvantage for sure it's interesting
to hear the conservatives alright I
would assume would name for this fight
this feels like leftist should almost be
in love with the Google situation right
now just because of how upset
conservatives are so it's strange to
hear to a certain extent that you're
trying to break them up when
conservatives so furious over the fact
that they're getting evicted from these
things wholesale at this point don't you
think they're kind of self regulating in
a little bit like we had the Donalds
gone from reddit the other day we have a
lot of these big guys essentially you
know even I think I read something other
day that like Trump's tweets might fall
into a new policy under Twitter's uh
yeah that's all well and good I mean I
you know like my experience of the way
that the right develops their policies
has a lot to do with what they think is
going to piss off and how they're going
to beat liberals and frankly like I I
engage in that stuff we've talked about
why a little bit in terms of like you
know dunking on these people but at the
end of the day like my critique is not
founded in what you know it was good or
bad for steven crowder i don't you know
like i want to prevent him from from
reaching younger people but didn't they
there's a there's there's a whole host
of issues around antitrust and a brown
monopolies that have had massive
problems for society that are not
exclusive to tech at all they exist
across our society in many different
areas and in tech is just one of them
the whole antitrust philosophy in this
country changed under reagan and was one
that was basically geared towards
allowing the consolidation of power both
like economic and political power and
that's going to be broken up and the the
tech stuff is almost like a is just one
silo one industry with that what that's
got to happen so yeah i I don't
I'm not dictating my my opinions on
these policies are not a function of
like what's good or bad for you know
steven crowder kids got some old
problems and it's gonna eventually
they're gonna catch up with him I think
I think he's got some serious emotional
there's there's some there's some issues
there let me just put it that way ok
it's just a raw appeal to capitalism and
it's working for on the new he's yeah
what's the bball thing I don't know when
you get a guy who's followed by his dad
as much as he is and a guy who you know
he's an adult and is like gay bashing
like a like a like a kid in junior high
you know who doesn't you know who's been
living under a rock there's a weird
dynamic there let's just put it that way
and those things I think tend to catch
up with you I don't disagree I just
think that there's a market for being an
[ __ ] that says so certain to my
people and I don't think there's very
few people who are gonna be like you is
saying you know what I'll make less
money if I can feel like I'm doing a
little bit of good in the world there's
plain people look like I'll do a harm in
the world for some money [ __ ] yeah let's
do this 100% and I think something to it
yeah I think that's true too I think
that's true
definitely I guess so we're coming up
about wait are we coming under two hours
do we have like a half hour left
oh okay okay I haven't like a bunch of
random like questions that I thought
were very interesting from my audience
just in terms of like kind of political
questions the first one here's an easy
one what do you recommend people like
consume in so far as media goes to stay
relatively informed with the it's free
from bias as possible understanding that
that's not I would say the majority
report yeah let me let me go first up
what do you read to prepare yourself for
the majority report
what do you digest I don't read by I
don't read by publication anymore
mmm-hmm you know what I mean like I have
you know I used my Twitter feed as a
what do we used to call that the CSS RSS
thank you I use my two
my RSS feed and uh and I don't I don't
know that I don't think you can find you
know I don't know what unbiased means
everybody has bias yeah so what I read
and what I look for are people who over
a period of time right in such a way
that I find is sound and so I always
when I look at a story like I will try
and read at least one right-wing source
on it and then I will read you know this
story so I'll go to like I mean I'll go
across the board but a lot of the
stories I that I that inform me I get
from the American Prospect now David
Dane is the executive editor there and
he is newly appointed and he is I think
he's brilliant but I read I read all of
the sort of lefty magazines the Jacobin
the the you know the nation still read a
couple of blogs hullabaloo and Atrios I
will get some news reports like from
dailykos I will read the New Republic I
think I said I mean I'll read and then I
read a lot from books I talked to
authors everyday who are writing about
policy and that's where I learn a lot of
the stuff you know like I was at a
doctor's appointment today and he was
like you know you can get these uh these
generics and I said well are you aware
that you know there did the FDA barely
regulates these generics that that are
made from around the country of the
world he's like what do you mean and I'm
like well I just interviewed somebody on
this and it's nuts
and he's like you know it's funny
because I've had people who say to me
like one generic is more effective than
another generic and I'm like oh yeah
well it's because there's nobody there's
nobody basically checking if you know
how these things are constructed I mean
so that's where I get
a lot of my information is from authors
but there are there a good good good
blogs identically ideas just like read
if you're gonna read about a story read
about it you know you can you can get
your Google News thing to Jake like I'll
take one from Fox I'll take one from the
New Republic or whatever and you you you
put all these different periodicals and
so that when the story pops up you can
see the different stories that are
written about the one topic and then go
and read them and over time you will get
a sense of like this is just more sound
like this is addressing something that
is not being addressed in this thing and
that's basically it is like you can see
a lot of the news just sort of like
skims on the top and then as you start
to get more granular with the news you
can start to see who is addressing these
issues and who's just leaving them off
because they're too complicated
sure do you um do you know that's not
satisfying yeah no yeah it sucks I guess
like everybody wants to hear like
there's like the one media source that I
can read that's like the other pair of
movie yeah but it seems like I mean to
tango what you're saying like you just
have to consume a lot that seems to be
the case and it seems like once you
start to read like three or four
articles on the same topic
hopefully you're kind of converging on
having a somewhat accurate picture of
what's actually happened but either like
sources that you think are trustworthy
the intercept I think they do some very
good work over the intercept and you
know you over a while you just start
reading individual writers or
publications and that's the whole point
of these things is that once you you
know is to find people that you think
you can trust I will say in my own
personal experience the number one way
to become more media savvy than 99% of
Americans is to just read the article um
like a lot of people seem to do headline
skimming or you'll go and read it and
your way of getting the news is you read
the reddit post title and then you read
the first comment and that like fully
informs your opinion if you actually
click through and just redo the heart
achill I think you're ahead of like the
vast majority of people talk about news
on the internet which is insane to me
for okay here's something tell me my
understanding this is correct or not you
seem to be a a sake I'm a social
democrat is that true like you're not a
fallen socialist or not travelling agent
all you in too much for it yeah I mean I
don't you know I the most part I don't
tend to label myself I don't think I'm a
full-on socialist I'm not a hundred
percent sure I know what that means like
I am for nationalizing certain
industries and I am for more democracy
in the context of our economy I don't
think that I don't know where we have
socialism per se where there is no
capitalism involved or no ownership of
private property I mean I think that
it's that that some measure of tension
is good but I would go considerably
further on the spectrum of socialism
than we are now for sure
would it be fair to say that Michael is
quite a bit more left than you I I don't
think so you know okay no I mean I think
I mean I think he is I don't know on
what policy necessarily it would be
there may be a couple of industries that
he would nationalize that I wouldn't but
I wouldn't know off the top of my head
like Jamie on the show is is much more I
think you know to the left of where I am
I mean she's she's a self-identified
anarcho communist and I think some of
that is the anarcho part is a little bit
fantastical sure but but regardless the
the road to where she wants to go or
where Michael wants to go or why want to
go is the same road we'd get off at a
different exit or a few stops down but
yeah right but I'm not so you know I
look at things like libertarianism as
a complete fantasy and what's even more
problematic about it is not just that
it's fantastical but heading down that
road is a crap show every stop along
every single stuff its ass
really worst until you get to their
Nirvana yeah which I don't think happens
I guess so my impression was that
Michael was significantly left compared
to you maybe not maybe so do you ever
feel like you have in when the way you
read content online like for fans that
respond to you or in dealing with other
people in the show do you feel like you
have trouble with fans that are
extremely left of you do you ever feel
like you there's like a tension there
that you don't like or do you feel like
it's just whatever you cut everybody
kind of gets along and it's not a big
deal whether it's between you and your
cast or you and your fans I you know
look I'm comfortable defending my
position I mean the problems that I have
with people online are not ideological
like you know to a certain extent like
you know I've gone at it with a jimmy
dore I don't know if you're familiar
with with him at all he was on T YT and
he's he's spun off and he has a youtube
show and we got into a fight basically
in the run-up to the the 2016 election
and you know I had seen something where
he on his show at that time was on T YT
where he and his uh coast at the time
we're talking like you know Trump gets
elected big deal if Peter Thiel becomes
a Supreme Court justice whatever and I
was like that's the dumbest thing I've
ever heard
and you know just today that that was
really worried about artist jarrett
gerrymandering i mean this was all
completely predictable
ya know you go back and listen to that
episode i I so I I emailed him and I
said look you want to come on my show
because I'm gonna take that clip and I'm
gonna talk about how I think just
completely wrong headed it is and he
said no go ahead you know go to town and
then he called in while I was doing it
and and he basically said he's like the
Democrats you know can stop
because he was very very against Hillary
and you know I was very supportive of
Bernie in the in the primary but he lost
yeah and now it's like I don't want the
Supreme Court to go away for 40 years
yeah and he he was he didn't realize
that you couldn't you know that that the
reason why garland was not seated was
not had nothing to do with the
filibuster that the Republicans in
controlled it he said thinking that
Harry were that Mitch McConnell will get
rid of the filibuster is you know is
just voting out of fear and the moon
could fall into my head to the late mate
Lake Michigan just [ __ ] like this
and for a long time you know like a year
after that we basically railed on people
like him as idiots and there are there
are people out there who confuse that
with ideology where they say well you
you just don't like cuz you're a
neoliberal and I'm like there's not a
single proposal policy prescription that
that Jimmy Dore has that I don't have
and I may be to the left on some of his
but people confuse ideology with
strategy yeah and performative things
like voting to me is not performative it
is you vote because you want to know
something
a tiny you have a tiny tiny tiny bit of
influence and you want an outcome it's
not because you're making yourself feel
good about yourself mm-hmm
I mean so this is something that
actually we talk about this a lot about
political effectiveness like what like
something that something that is kind of
like I guess like an observation oh not
unique to me a plenty people make this
but like when you look at somebody like
say the alt-right like people that
believe in the genetic superiority of
some people are Jewish conspiracy
theories these people seem to welcome
people like Donald Trump with open arms
who doesn't subscribe to any of their
beliefs really like we know this right
Donald Trump is not by any stretch of
the imagination all right but he pushes
the country kind of like in that
direction and it seems it seems
difficult sometimes on the left that it
feels like
somebody isn't fully subscribed to your
set of beliefs that political
effectiveness just gets thrown out the
window and it's like well you know I
don't care about this if this isn't like
100 percent the thing that I agree with
I'm kind of curious in terms it's all I
can in a specific example that's this is
going back a little bit but I always
thought it was kind of weird maybe it
had to happen but Al Franken's stepping
down in an era when like the president
you know has grabbed him by the [ __ ]
you know recorded on tape and doesn't
care about it you know when Cavanaugh is
getting pushed through to the Supreme
Court and then you have Al Franken step
down for unless I unless I missed it I
want to downplay anything but it didn't
seem like they were like pretty like
these extreme allegations of sexual
assault that occur around other figures
what do you think about stuff like that
I guess the Al Franken thing in
particular and then the broader picture
of that I mean I I should I should just
preface by saying that you know I'm a
little bit friendly without but knowing
him from from Air America but my sense
was that he felt pressured to go because
of the Jones more campaign and if that
campaign was not if that if that
election was not happening I imagine he
would have stayed and this completely
I've not had this conversation with him
I imagine he would have stayed for a
hearing that they would have done an
investigation and I think that like he
made a political calculation that for
the sake of the Senate and getting that
winning that seat in Alabama that it was
important that he stepped down so that
they could not I I think in that
instance yeah I would have wanted him to
have there to be an investigation
uh-huh and specifically in that context
I don't I don't know if I perceive that
in the same way that you set up that
analogy in terms of like purity I think
that like the me to thing my sense is of
that is that just broadly speaking big
cultural change I think very often has
to overshoot and there are going to be
individuals who may get who may you know
deal with some measure of unfairness but
I don't think that in the context of me
to like I mean we can have an argument
about Al Franken is like was that a
politically smart thing to do yeah
and that's a that's a separate
conversation then it was out like the
right thing for sure yeah yeah yeah
right thing to do
I think there's gonna be some bounds
that are overstepped and but I don't
think there's anybody in the you know
who are who got caught up in the me to
thing and had to pay a price who are
really you know as bad is that father
and child who you know drowned in the
Rio Grande and so but in terms of the Al
Franken thing I just don't think that's
a great analogy for what you're talking
about in terms of like I'll give you an
example sure I think I am for
single-payer I have always been for
single-payer and but I think that the
left some parts of the left have made
the mistake of making it about getting
rid of private insurance I think private
insurance should become obsolete but to
lead with getting rid of private
insurance does not make sense from a
political standpoint and in fact
Bernie's plan says that there there will
be a complementary role for private
insurance there is no place in the world
where you don't have where rich people
don't have the ability to go buy their
own private supplemental insurance I
don't I don't have a problem with that
like I want the ability for anybody go
at point-of-service to get free medical
care I want it to be highs and and also
dental psychological we're gonna have to
pay more in taxes and if people want to
retain and pay extra for private
insurance god be with you
but there's just not enough that that's
going to implicate it if everybody is
taxed for Medicare
and you know the same you have the same
views with education as well just
curious do you think private schools
should remain around I have no problem
of the existence of private schools but
I have a problem with charters not all
charters but I think we should be there
should be no private charters I think
there should be no charters that don't
have the same oversight or requirements
of our public schools they were
developed initially to to generate ideas
to be experimental labs and they're
being used too often as as replacements
for public school so I don't mind
private schools people want want to have
private schools but we should not be
siphoning any money off of public
education for them no vouchers no
charters that are that don't have
extreme amount of oversight and
eliminate the charters and and how do
you feel about the way that we typically
fund schools right now based off a
private up of property tax horrible yeah
horrible we should not be doing that we
should we should not be doing it on a
state level we should not be doing we
should I'm federal law I mean personally
I would like to see far more funding for
schools via either federal taxes or some
type of federal mandate that it comes
out of the state general fund as opposed
to directly the property tax it's really
problematic
I guess one other question I have is
Democrats kind of get a little
criticized for not going as far or
playing as dirty as I guess Republicans
would coming in assuming that Democrats
to do take the next election how far do
you think they should go like what
limits should they test as far as things
they can do like I know there's a lot of
lawyers yeah exactly like should they
try and do stuff like literally with the
Supreme Court adding more judge or or is
that uncool and shouldn't go that far or
what I mean I I think they should
definitely threaten to pack the court
and I think they should go through with
that threat unless they get a different
you know like my preferred reform would
be term limits on the court room court
on the Supreme Court and I
was actually a proposal put for by this
writer called Matt Ford I think it was
in The New Republic where he suggested a
having judges picked at random from the
circuit courts it's an interesting
proposal I think that something like
that or term limits is better than
packing the court just simply because
the Republicans come in and pack it
again yeah and they will but you put a
term limit on there I think that is very
very helpful that would have done via
like that would have to be done via
amendment right what do you think that
could be just done via legislation I
can't remember actually if its lifetime
appointments to the Supreme Court I
think it's I I don't know if you need to
amend that before in the past I don't
think there was an amendment when they
did it previously right well it was a
threat it changed the number of judges
but not the length of the term but yeah
if you have to do it as amendment do it
as an amendment you know you that's
that's why I would threaten to pack to
get to essentially get enough people on
board so that they they they settle on a
but yes I would pack I would but this
jump I didn't really gonna go through it
no Joe Biden's useless and I and I and
I'll tell you something asked me four
months ago
is there a Democrat who could lose to
Donald Trump I would have said no but I
worry about Joe Biden yeah it's like
it's Hillary Clinton 2.0 the up man
after seeing the stairs
yeah worse after seeing the stage last
night and seeing like the amount of
progressive ideas that were being pushed
I I was really happy with Booker's
performance I liked Warren I think she's
amazing I think she did a real good job
to the idea of coming out of all of this
would Biden as the nominee after what
happened in 2016 it would make me so
incredibly disappointed I don't even
know if I have words for it cheese I I
couldn't agree more I would be more
disciplined I mean I I have more
problems with Biden than I do frankly
with with Clinton
and I although my prediction and you
know my predictions in the past have not
been so great
particularly the recent past in terms of
like general elections but I would say I
think by early October he is third in
the polls
really yeah and who you predict is going
to be in front I don't know I mean I
think Warren and Bernie and I think you
know Booker Julian Castro could make a
move and I think those were the ones
that really sort of shown laughs you
know last night and we'll see about
tonight but I just think that Joe Biden
people know him as the vice president
and a little bit of time on the campaign
trail and they'll remember him as the
Joe Biden who was not vice president and
it's gonna be a problem called flames
can only pray know there's a lot of
people that just want to go back to
normal and don't care about you know
progressive issues or anything that's
the majority of the people that's the
challenge right I yes I I mean I would
agree with that I just think that he is
I think it's gonna become clear that he
is not the shoo-in that people think he
is and that you know because so much of
his support is a function of people
thinking that he can definitely win more
so than anybody else once that once that
gets a little bit shaky it gets a lot
shaky yeah right like it's because
there's not he does not have a big
contingency of people who are excited
about Joe Biden and that is a problem in
the general election in the general yeah
but not a lot of people were excited
about Hillary and she lost yeah well she
lost a general but yeah which is
hopefully what does that yeah yeah and
so you don't want and and frankly you
know John Kerry was that type of guy -
mm-hmm
you don't want the guy who you think can
win just because you think they can win
because that's not enough well the
question I guess also is
how just you know older Democrats are
gonna feel about someone like Bernie who
you know just seemed like a socialist
and they don't like socialism next thing
yeah I mean I think that's the sort of
like one of the strengths that Elizabeth
Warren has I mean there's there's a
whole you know I don't know how this is
gonna break out I really I don't but I
just think that Joe Biden never got
anywhere in a primary and if he wasn't
sort of like appealing to two racists
frankly you know I don't think that
Barack Obama would have felt it
worthwhile to pick him yeah you know we
can agree if Biden if Biden wasn't
Obama's VP he would be nothing in this
primary right that's like that holdover
it's like probably the biggest reason
why he's popular now oh so all he needs
then is Brock as his VP
that's right like that sealed up right
that's the done deal you get Barack
Obama's VP and that is a hundred percent
clinch maybe you know how Trump is
really Trump's not a smart man and he's
going out there he's tweeting all this
stuff about how he wants to run against
Joe maybe he knows that Obama's coming
in and he's saying this trying to stop
it originally he's not smart enough to
do are you legally allowed to do that
can can a president be a vice president
in a future yeah I think he could I
think he think theoretically good yes
how much done stuff has happened over
the past election seasons I I can I will
be willing to bet you everything I own
or could possibly own that that's not
gonna happen
I don't think Obama would be okay with
it I will say this count how many times
Joe Biden says Obama tonight mm-hmm
will it be more than Tulsi brought up
her military record that's the I it will
rival it yeah okay
that I would not pick that in your be a
bingo your drinking game yeah that's
sorry before he moves on we have to ask
this if it does come down to Biden
versus Trump who are you voting for in
that case I'll provide yeah all right
yeah of course
okay one final I got one final
hard-hitting actually got what two one
quick one and then another maybe quick
one
the first quick one are you in favor of
this is just things that my fan base has
to me over constantly are you do you
we should totally and completely
decommodification
you have a strong opinion on that or I I
don't I I don't think that we we should
dica modify housing no cool I mean I we
can move on to the next question
thank you for setting the brother okay
now you guys know you can speak for a
few seconds out everybody I mean I think
that I I mean I think that we should go
further I think we should undercut how
much of a commodity it is I mean I think
we can do that with not giving
preferential tax treatment to home
mortgages for sure I think that you can
create more public housing and
subsidized housing and have rent control
and and and limit the amount of
profiteering as it is and I would also
you know okay yeah okay that's another
another another topic for another day
final my final super hard-hitting
question okay I'm super curious what you
think on this date Iran do it do you
think did they do the the the limpet
mines in the Gulf Oman and everything do
you think that they were involved in
that who do you think there is something
more insidious going on or do or if you
think it's too early to say would you
rather refrain from commenting I mean I
my I put this way I'm very suspicious
mm-hmm I'm very suspicious okay I just
I'm very suspicious about it you know
that Norwegian tanker apparently I had a
caller calling from Norway the other day
it's not a Norwegian tanker the owner is
a Norwegian who gave up his citizenship
but I think the the boat itself is is a
Cypriot boat what it's just weird what a
separate mean well just from Cyprus that
it necessarily a major NATO country
interesting you know like like the the I
I just find it hard to believe that
Iran is going to attack a Japanese boat
with the Japanese Prime Minister there
you know it doesn't make sense to me so
and I will say this like I say I don't
know I'm suspicious people should be
suspicious there's a long history of
this type of stuff being you know BS
whether it comes from the US government
or others I can tell you that the the
leader of Saudi Arabia ordered the
killing and chopping up apparently of a
legaia with the u.s. green card a
journalist I don't think there's a lot
of things where he would be like
hesitant to do sure right like so I
don't know but the Iran stuff is a
disaster made by the president yeah I
mean it's just it's it's a it's the
problem with electing a lunatic who is
also going to hire other lunatics okay
well hey do you have any final words or
I mean people you can tell people where
to find you a plug any progress you're
doing majority report that's about it
but no thanks for having me on
I I'm a fan of yours that doesn't like
you know I'm with you I don't get a
chance to watch stuff but you know like
I as I weighed in you know to like we're
we are we are twitch curious around here
and in fact the first the first videos
that we did we're with Justin TV oh
that's not its streaming yeah down to to
occupy and we tried to do it via Justin
TV and so this is it's exciting for me
to meet you via Skype and of course my
must carries I'm upping my must-carry
- so very excited to be alright well hey
if you guys need anything just help
setting anything up or anything going on
that I had the largest twitch stream
last night covering the political stuff
on Twitch with like 13 thousand viewers
whatever so just like I hope it helped
yeah yeah the majority report to my
channel because it was open and we
thought someone would NAB it during the
job yeah so we got that for you Oh guys
yeah I think for what do we say we give
it time for ten or fifteen thousand
dollars I think the full market will
talk about that we'll get them back on
for another show Josh nation I
understand how this works
we'll sell it off for content okay
thanks a lot I really appreciate you
coming on it's been a lot of fun thank
you guys all right guys
[Music]
