hey buddy
can I talk to you for like five minutes
when you get a chance
um yeah message man just got it right
now buddy want minkyu hurry up hey
what's up buddy hey can I get your take
real quick on the Harvard guy I think
it's pretty much the same as me I asked
you earlier but um I know it makes me
uncomfortable when people are like
mining information out of like Word
documents or chat logs just send to a
school to get somebody kicked out or not
accepted
yeah same yeah I was on Sean wrote a
tweet about it and I've been I've been
on there today there are some people
that I've been all right my my take is
pretty much I kind of get that Harvard
made the decision makes sense I feel
like they would probably get a lot of
bash backlash that they don't need if
they didn't yeah this point yeah make
the decision but the but I was kind of
uncomfortable with so many people like
every person that I followed except for
you it was just dog piling on this this
18 year old yeah really
social capital it's really important to
look like you're like very good and
everything so you know people are gonna
act like they've always been good
throughout all of high school and [ __ ]
which I mean some of them probably
happen but yeah yeah my yeah I had said
like I did shitty stuff when I was 16 I
think I said the n-word a few times I've
grown and I've learned how you know my
words can harm evil and and it's I've
grown since then and people were saying
like yeah you should probably still face
consequences for what she did when
you're 16 which is like eight years ago
no I didn't go to college right I saw
somebody arguing in a you know tweets
and I saw them so I didn't ever send
someone who's gone okay yeah now yeah
that was my take
it seems like around the same age I
don't know lots of people just [ __ ] not
make me a little uncomfortable to get
anyway so thanks for um
one one quick quick little tiny question
cuz you've talked about the 60/40 forty
twenty rule I think is that it held only
got yeah when when you're when you're
debating people you want to try to
convince those those twenty what about
like when you're when you're talking to
your parents because I have I have
really conservative parents but they're
also very reasonable do you know of any
like techniques or methods to to kind of
I don't know I think probably
incremental is is probably gonna be the
best way to do it but no no like with
your with your parents like slow maybe
slow tiny bits of education and
knowledge instead of all at once no mmm
okay that doesn't that doesn't work with
your parents that's not haven't changed
at all so yeah yeah my mom I've pointed
because they're always whenever they see
like any anybody like kissing like any
two guys kissing on like a TV show
they're like oh it's disgusting like
guys you can't you can't do that that's
that's harmful and they usually are like
yeah you're right we should probably
shouldn't do that I don't know anyways
that was just that's another thing and
thanks for the talk man everybody be
careful make sure I'm good on that so I
guess this one type of calculation I saw
your tweet or your friends we're still
doing that so your friend don't wait a
minute what's them yeah it's on it it
seems it seems to me like you take a
position that like whether or not you
think part would make the wrong decision
they're like old hats or something but
they shouldn't even consider that he
shouldn't be held accountable for him at
all in terms of college admissions I
mean Harvard probably made the right
decision there's a lot of bad publicity
so I mean they're kind of
forced to do what they did yeah okay so
what what was your specifically she cuz
it did seem like be a bit digging
through people's like chat logs to send
to colleges to get somebody to not be
admitted at college seems pretty shitty
I
I mean maybe on the I think we could
probably make the argument on the part
of that one girl but I think she was in
those chats so I mean it's like petty I
would probably say it's [ __ ] petty
because did you would you would imagine
that she is doing it just because like
he's conservative and she doesn't like
that I think if I were privy to like
chat logs especially ones that I was
[ __ ] in were some was and they get
admitted like they start getting all
this [ __ ] press coverage they good
job with but what was he's working for
endpoint USA and it gets MIT it does one
of those one of those prestigious law
schools in America and that law schools
but one of those prestigious
universities in America I mean I I think
I probably turned those into like that's
it's some [ __ ] up [ __ ] that shows some
real emotional immaturity that they
think Harvard would probably want to
know about you've got tens of thousands
of applicants every year who get
rejected who probably are more suited to
a Harvard environment maybe like maybe
they I mean their chat logs are never
gonna be real to Harvard though cuz I
don't have the same level of publicity
yeah I agree that this is probably not a
standard that she would hold something
who's not a public figure to and it can
be argued that because it wasn't a
public figure when he made the comments
it might be a little harsh to maybe it
might not be the right position to say
you know he didn't really have the same
responsibilities back then but at the
same time I mean it's not that long ago
we're not talking about like this
happens this isn't you know the same
situation where his [ __ ] James Gunn
who's making it stupid pedophilia tweets
[ __ ] yeah that's a separate argument
a sentimental long ago and as I just
don't like the idea like that somebody's
like chat logs or whatever can be
brought up to like get that admissible
to a school it seems pretty crazy to me
unnecessarily like that idea either but
like it's kind of the same as like
private conversations being brought up
and you know prior to the
bugs prior to the one out of the eight
you know prior to when chat logs were a
thing you could bring up it's kinda like
private conversations being brought up
or like yeah but the private
conversations probably wouldn't be
brought up in the same way would be like
much harder I mean I could be wrong but
I feel like it would be a lot harder to
go to a college mission we're gonna cave
by the way just you know one time I
talked to this guy and he said some
racist [ __ ] and so you shouldn't let him
into college think I don't know well I
get lonely I'm like a recording of it or
something I understand that's a like
fringe case but I mean it's not so
fringe anymore because most of our
conversations recorded weather in Texas
yeah of course this is my whole point I
just think it's kind of scary that like
every single thing you do is record it
and [ __ ] and I gave them if you're like
16 years old or some [ __ ] like you'd you
know you like your [ __ ] is being
recorded and you could like [ __ ] like up
significant part of your life up these
are things that you have to face that
well yeah I mean I agree this is
probably not this is like it's scary
it's it's something that we're gonna
have to get used to though because this
is this is the reality now the the
things that we say and do are recorded
yeah I mean that's easy for us to say we
don't have to deal with it anymore okay
I mean how old you are but like I'm not
you're not gonna like always a like
college application I guess you could
potentially lose a job because of it if
depending on how crazy or online but
like I don't know you're also like 26 so
you're not like a [ __ ] idiot
or is it like [ __ ] 16 like I don't
know how much we're worth all like a 16
17 year old has we're even a [ __ ] 18
year old first [ __ ] like this I don't
know everything in the 16th with this a
thing is when you're being looked at for
college admissions especially when
you're 16 17 18 is going to be taken
into consideration you're gonna put that
[ __ ] on your application you can't at
the same time buddy I'm putting their
chat logs on their application for
college it was your application what I'm
saying is that like when you say that
like well if you're 16 17 18 you can't
really have the wherewithal what if
you're talking about like what they are
putting stuff but like student projects
in student body [ __ ] they did when they
were 16 17 18
at the same time couldn't you say a bit
like something 18 so you probably
weren't contributing that much to is
your stupid [ __ ] like wait what I'm
sorry you're good my kids cutting out
what you say there it seems like it kind
of discounts
it's it seems like that kind of
discounts everything would put on a
college application though because when
you're talking about like student body
[ __ ] student projects and [ __ ] that you
like when you were 16 17 18 you think
like a volunteer project that like
people are logging hours for and you're
showing up to do stuff like that carries
the same gravity is like private
conversations among like friends Oh what
I'm saying is that like by the same
token of saying that stuff that you did
when you were 16 17 18 you can just say
that you know you were dumb as [ __ ] and
you didn't know any better
could you just as easily say that like
you were dumb as [ __ ] you know when
you're 16 17 18 you were probably you
know teacher probably made you show up
at this [ __ ] you know so it doesn't
count
I don't think teachers make you do like
extracurriculars or anything I mean
maybe not teach maybe time teaching with
your parents or some like that is what's
not what's the point of this or what is
this argument supposed to demonstrate I
guess I'm saying is it like you can say
that somebody at 16 17 or 18 is probably
too stupid have that wherewithal to
understand like just wait of the words
and the you know stupid edgy [ __ ] that
they say in like private conversations
or in chat logs anything but the same
time doesn't that kind of discount
everything else they do not necessarily
but my issue isn't necessarily like with
the age or the maturity of um of law
it's just the idea that like having like
every single conversation that could be
potentially leaked I think that is like
a really high bar to set but for it
seems to be I don't know that you need
to be under the assumption that like
every single thing you say even in a
private conversation can be used against
you when it comes to determine if you
get into a college or not I know it
seems like really brutal to me yeah I
mean it's a it's a brutal thing but I
think if he has handled it better in the
backlash no probably would've been worse
it come on he didn't even apologize
in the initial in the initial like
follow-up well was the stuff leaked
initially initially he didn't apologize
for it I mean I mean what was the word
document initially released with what he
said the word document it showed like
what he had typed in yeah when
everything came out what he would what
he had said came out what he published
on Twitter was
a quick note about the situation though
he said the word dog was going around he
didn't apologize for it all he said was
like you know it was callous language
and you were just trying to be extreme
but he didn't even acknowledge that it
was racist you just said it was callous
sure okay hold on I'm sorry did the
original chat logs that show what he
said leaf initially or no wait the
original chat log the original chat logs
for what he had said initially are we
talking like screenshots yeah yes yeah
yes actual actual screenshots of the
chat logs leaked they didn't okay I mean
there I mean regarding I don't I don't
know what leaked originally what the
timeline was his apology might have been
[ __ ] but I don't think that matter is
like he 100 it might not have been but
he's never getting into Harvard with
that with those leak okay I don't
because they had in that I had a had
asked him for a formal explanation and
you know follow up prior to count priors
who were sending his application they
had sent him the the letter stating that
they had received these chat logs that
they were had been made aware of them
that the admissions department did okay
and a formal follow up within the next
72 hours I thought he said he tried to
follow up with like two different
apartments and nobody did they just saw
him that he's no no he said no he
followed up with him he sent them a
letter and they and then they sent him
back but they rescind his application
yeah what he what he tried to do after
that was follow up with them and ask if
there was any way that he could meet
face to face and find a path that was
that was after they'd already like
refused to deal with it was after he'd
already relevant yeah he he wrote the
diversity board or whatever like seeing
if there's anything he could do to like
makes the situation right or whatever
but they didn't well they actually
responded and said that they were
looking forward to meeting him but that
was asked because the main admission had
already like rejected and by the time I
got that letter it's hard to keep track
in my head of which departments got what
letters one on them
yeah but I still don't think this like
is very relevant I just I just the idea
that like um
the idea that like we're judged like on
our chat logs is just really really
[ __ ] scary to me and to see everybody
champion like some literal 1984 [ __ ]
because it happened to a conservative it
just feels really [ __ ] gross to me I
don't think this is 1984 [ __ ] we're not
talking about thoughtcrime we're talking
about words he chose to use um so one of
the big themes of 1984 was that like
somebody was watching you at all times
that the government always knew what you
were saying or that people always knew
what was going on you could never like
have a private conversation this is like
in that vein for sure the idea that like
a conversation that I have between
friends it's always sudden brought up to
an admissions board and now I can't get
into college I would say that's fair
grounds for saying that's 1984 should
it's about yes okay that's kind of a
mischaracterization of what the
conversation was because it wasn't just
a conversation between friends it was a
conversation between a class study group
there were people in here specifically
there was a person the person who leaked
the chat logs was someone who was not
friends with him but within the same
study group yeah sure but it's still
like one of those things where it's like
the nature of our conversations today
like we can say like today oh well
actually it's in a recorded study group
oh boy
but that's just like that's just the
Beast of the technology today like you
know like 20 years ago it would have
just been a study group where people are
just talking where there's not gonna be
like a permanent record of everything
you've had a conversation for him I
imagine it would have been reported if
he were sitting in a [ __ ] room and
it's officially like sanctioned school
study group wave and why did nobody
report then why did nobody report this
until he got big on the news and you got
an accepted to Harvard it's a [ __ ]
chat log you don't have to face up to it
and in the same in the same vein you
don't yeah but you just made it sound
like somebody definitely would have
reported it before but it sounds like
here it wasn't really in the room and he
had been just shouting the n-word yeah
but him in the room shouting and it
sounded like it was in like some [ __ ]
Google Doc or whatever shared between
people that were working on a project or
some [ __ ] yeah that's that's what this
was what I'm saying is that if if we're
talking about what you brought up was
you know fact prior to this technology
it would have just done like people
actually sitting around the circle
discussing the project what I'm saying
is that the equivalent there is him
sitting in that you know sitting with
the the study group casually shouting
the N word I think at that point yeah
someone probably would have reported to
the school I mean did I think the
what conversation is public enough he's
not keeping that conversation - he
wasn't he wasn't at time keeping that
conversation just between close friends
he knew would be okay with that Kyle
language it was in how many people had
access to this document I don't know
anyone's stated that yeah let's see if
chat knows check you guys now no one
knows
yeah I'm really not sure
only came just over the police
buttercrunch me penny people said I'm a
[ __ ] from your Twitter yeah the idea
that you go through and you mind
somebody [ __ ] is I like I said before
like if you if like if somebody does
something like if you get like thrown
out of school for like a [ __ ] hate
crime or so I'm sure you've got like a
criminal record for like hate graffiti
or some [ __ ] I think that's a fair game
for somebody to judge one but Sony
digging through like your chat logs or
somebody like bringing up like a
document yeah I know it feels really
shitty sorry okay I'm sorry what were
you saying
that's function yeah generally I don't
know I I think I might agree with you
with this for anything else we were like
just sharing like I'm talking accuser
[ __ ] but he was cutting racial slurs to
be edgy and I get that like when you're
a teenager you want to be edgy that's it
doesn't seem like a super high because
it's not it wasn't just that chat log
there were also other chat log I think
there were two different screenshots
that I so leaked are you familiar with
anything else I got Lee Thank You sha-3
because I saw one text conversation
where he was talking about somebody
who's like a it was like a preppy Jew or
something and he talked about like
making Jesus legs and a different one so
his apology initially was I've recently
been made aware screenshot circulating
that include offensive comments former
classmates and I made a few years ago
long before the shooting I want to
address this with honesty and
transparency we were 16 year old making
idiotic comments using callous and
inflammatory language in an effort to be
as extreme and shocking as possible I'm
embarrassed by it but I want to be clear
that the comments I made are not
indicative of Who I am or who I've
become in the year since the past year
sports we nurture and grow in an
incredibly drastic way my word like
everyone else in Portland was my world
was turned upside down a 5 year 14 when
your classmates your teachers your
neighbors Keller transformed use a human
being I see the world through different
eyes and I'm embarrassed by the petty
flippin kid represented all those
screenshots I believe those I've gotten
to know since then know that I'm a
better person than that I mean this
seems like an OK apology hold on this is
the one I told you but I'm characterized
this is not an apology
you've never never end this does he
apologize that that's the first thing to
note the second thing he never
apologizes I wasn't making idiotic
comments he's in callous inflammatory
language and it effort to be extremely
shocking as possible I'm embarrassed by
but I want to be clear it's not a big
reform today what was he supposed to say
I'm sorry to all Jewish and black people
or
to characterize something as an apology
I think you actually need to apologize
yeah what does he say I'm sorry All
Blacks and Jews no I apologize okay I
mean this is some debate a little obtuse
about no cuz this wasn't even directed
anybody wait who is he supposed to
apologize it's not like healing did
something to somebody these were little
chances long like what I'm sorry to
everyone that saw the screenshots they
got offended or this is a fairly
standard line that happens when that
[ __ ] like this happens okay I guess
sounds like insanely petty to me but I
mean I guess I don't I don't know if
expecting someone to actually apologize
when they pretend they're apologized
well I mean like this is an apology
you're just you're upset because you
don't see the words like I'm sorry 2x
like I mean like this is a combination
of previous actions you'd be directed at
anyone for it to be an apology what I'm
saying is he's never really showed me
regret for the actions not just sort of
regret that like he literally says I'm
embarrassed by it he says that twice I'm
embarrassed by the penny flippant kid
represented in those screenshots then he
follows that by saying that like well
you know I don't even I don't even need
to tell you but obviously I'm better
everyone knows that gotten better and 16
year olds are stupid he also never
characterizes the [ __ ] he says his
racist just inflammatory and callous
okay yeah I got it all right I mean like
we're playing like these are like such
like insane [ __ ] word games like he
need Lego like well he didn't say it was
beautiful he said it was idiotic comics
he's in callous inflammatory laker well
he didn't say races like I mean like
it's like like you didn't follow like
the exact like SJW like apology approved
template like I don't know like that's
what you're saying like like he said he
was using idiot he said maybe idiot
climbing season callous inflammatory
language but because he didn't say
racist or hateful they're like it
doesn't count as an apology
I don't think he's acknowledging the
actual weight of the [ __ ] that he said
like you know because I don't think I
don't think he quite sees it okay that's
kind that that's my position is that his
response would be like I'd be more
willing to
agree if he'd actually like said
something to another person or like a
technical person but it sounds like
these were like dumb [ __ ] comments
they wrote in a Word document like I
don't know this idea like he needs to
apologize to the world for like his
Verado knows how so so silly to me you
are though right oh who does he need to
apologize to I think it's simple sort of
undirected apology what is an undirected
apology - there's an apology to the
world because he's not even offend any
particular person you want to do
apologize to the world
yeah anyone who was offended by the
comment is the world that's fairly
standard likewise when people have to
apologize for stupid comments that
they've made okay like I don't really
know what else to say about that I mean
it's I wonder if life ever does anyone
know if I ever apologize for anything I
said now I'm not sure if I've written
mine correctly I don't actually know I
don't know if I said I'm sorry to the
world either [ __ ] I might leave I
reflect myself it's on I would take a
Thon's line on this which is that you've
actually worked or you've acknowledged
that the things you said are stupid
you've actually worked towards the
opposite end of what you used to yeah
maybe this can has - it's what he says
when he says with people that have known
me since then would know that makes it
was working for turning-points USA okay
which what does that one again is that
the Charlie Charlie Charlie
it's literally everybody that works
about his racism or oh okay first of all
they do have they have have had a
problems very famous and why they know
they keep having to fire people because
they're like you overt about their
racism the second thing is that there's
like internal memos leaked with like
staffers to harp on Jewish [ __ ] for no
reason basically told it like listen you
can talk about choose they don't like do
it for no reason like internal memos
that got leaked for the they're trying
to tell everyone in the company but like
I know that you guys are like super
racist but don't be too obvious about it
gotcha important to us is actually yeah
and like it's not just like standard
conservatism there's like incredibly
racist artists
I don't know I mean that's how that's
really all I had to talk about it I
think you have slightly different
perspectives on this I I just think that
it's probably we're gonna have to adapt
to like I know that gets his stupid [ __ ]
but I think you can handle it a lot
better than he did not sure if you
handle it a lot better than me they do
not know oh no no no that's totally
wrong he was never getting into Harvard
after these went public you have to
realize you think there is some apology
could have written to get through saying
like kill all Germans to I don't know no
probably ever again again I also think
that most sixteen-year-old are probably
smart enough to know that they shouldn't
say that even in private I I was dumb
when I was 16 I was that [ __ ] dog
were you a gamer though did you play
online games would you play I played
Jesus back but that's like wow that was
actually just when League was getting
wait you say you're 26 why not apologize
actually they got me
wait yeah yeah released what [ __ ]
twenty destiny school yeah I mean like
God live years for that was 16 did time
you've got them on gotcha okay hold on a
camera [ __ ] I only use a game of words
because like I just never into this [ __ ]
alright okay I appreciate your
perspective buddy I mean hey I'd like to
formally apologize for the bad words I
said in the past to everybody that I
hurt and offended okay cuz I don't know
if you've ever done that before
I'm so sorry and I apologize wait did I
apologize I said I apologize
finally I can go to Harvard now thank
you [ __ ] guys also well [ __ ] you
telling this [ __ ] to your shitty
car [ __ ] this guy
