hello hello hello hello
I go home halten yeah I just wanted to
talk about yesterday you were talking to
that Twitter dude about any mentioned
that has an example of trans people
being discord from the military as kind
of like a violent act or whatever which
is fine but I was just wondering like
how far you would extend that definition
of violence in terms of people being
forced out of jobs and stuff because I
don't know I feel like if you picked
that like are you basing are you
classifying that as an act of violence
based on the fact that they're sort of
being forced out based on something they
can't control or would you like extend
that to other examples of people kind of
being forcibly removed from the
workplace
I mean like taking somebody that like
works a certain job and they kind of
like forcing them out of that job to
like they say like I would consider that
to generally be a pretty violent action
so like you would you would say that
based on based on their sexual
orientation or like it doesn't really
matter what it's based on just had the
act of taking something forcing them out
of their job yeah right so like people
that are like losing jobs like for
environmental reasons or like let's say
like coal miners or whatever insert you
know jobs where people are kind of being
forced though like would those also be
considered violent and yeah could be
yeah sure however I would say there are
violence that can be justified right so
but I think kicking somebody out do too
and then kicking somebody over there
dropped into their sexuality I would
consider that to be like unjustified
violence but like an industry going out
of business or something that's that
would probably be like justified like
that I mean it happens it's not like
necessarily wrong for that to happen or
something okay yeah I guess I feel like
I don't know I guess I'm not too
familiar or I guess the definition of
violence you're using is I don't know I
feel like it kind of cast like a pretty
wide yeah I guess it's pretty well yeah
I should maybe clarify or something but
yeah I
I understand kind of where you're coming
from in terms of people being forced out
of you know how they make their living
or whatever but yeah just I kind of
jarring uh I absolutely this might not
hurt or you might not hold this belief
or whatever but kind something I hear
other people talk about like yesterday
when his song was talking about like
billionaire is necessarily that it
shouldn't exist because if you've gotten
to that point or if you've accumulated
that much wealth you necessarily have
you know unfairly exploited labor
whatever that's not my position that's a
sound position right yeah okay well like
even even so just like what do you what
do you think about like if if someone
has accumulated wealth like let's say
they're like a millionaire or whatever
and they I'm wondering how like the
stock market kind of plays into the
exploitation of wealth like if someone
has accumulated millions of dollars and
they go and they've they're trading
options at a very high leverage and you
know they continue to accrue this as
wealth and until they're a billionaire
like is that person still would you I
don't know you personally but would
people of that thought consider that
still like a gross like exploitation of
labour because the company's being
traded are kind of exploding they're
their workers or um stock markets to get
more complicated I'm not sure cuz I
don't even where the [ __ ] a lot of that
wealth even [ __ ] comes from like
people that wore [ __ ] I have to think of
like when people are trading derivatives
and making money trading derivatives I
guess it's financial institutions are
kind of like where does that where does
that where is that wealth actually
coming from does anyone in chat actually
know because it feels to me that like
because I don't think the stock oh man
this gets a really contentious and I
felt like I don't feel like something
like this is very uneducated this is a
very intuitive feeling I have is very
uneducated but like I feel like the
stock market
um scrapes wealth from the economy and I
don't feel like it adds as much value as
it gets in terms of financial
conversation that's a feeling I get from
from the US stock market especially when
it comes to like derivative markets and
[ __ ] that's just a feeling I have though
people always make arguments about like
well you know increase liquidity or some
[ __ ] like that but I don't know it's
just like a feeling I get right yeah I
don't know if I could comment on where
that's actually coming from either but
just in terms of like someone who
accumulates wealth in that fashion like
what that still be I don't know what
that still be considerably well like
yeah so like I just I don't have the
background answer because it's because
like if they're just stealing money for
other capitalists that are all trading
derivatives somebody like this one
probably wouldn't care but if the wealth
is ultimately being derived from like
laborers or something then something
like Osama probably would care right
yeah well like I guess and so let's say
it does like you are kind of getting
that whelp up the back of workers or
whatever like that I guess the question
is like how many like do you consider or
would someone that believes I consider
and like or take into consideration the
like degrees of separation between
people like it's say like shareholders
and or maybe not shares but like
investors first like business owners
while an investor is a type of yeah it
is a sauna right like if you're an
investor the money that you're making is
generally I'm trying to get there's an
exception like generally if you're an
investor the money that you're making is
coming from the surplus value of
somebody else's labor by definition
right an investor is basically somebody
that's exchanging money for either
capital or royalties which are going to
be based off the labor of somebody else
right yeah yeah I just guess like when I
think about that I I guess just
intuitively whether it's right or not
just feels like there's a kind of like a
bigger separation between someone who
might you know go and purchase like
shares of Apple or whatever first like I
guess like well I guess like the the
moral quandary the moral because I don't
[ __ ] know Marx but it's like the
claim that some people make is that more
of the value so investors or capital
owners are people that extract value
from a business by taking the difference
between what a labor produces and what a
laborer is paid right yeah and if you're
an investor then what you're doing is
you're basically paying
to accompany or I'm sorry not paying
money but you're basically you're
basically investing money in capital
you're acquiring like either like equity
or you're opening a building or do or
some part of a business you're owning
and that you're using that capital still
to take a laborer to work that labor and
then to extract the surplus value of
their labor like an investor's directly
doing that it's not even like levels
removed but yeah yeah okay yeah I just
yesterday when he was talking about how
billionaires I feel like there has to be
some pathways where people could arrive
at the point of being a millionaire that
wouldn't oh yeah I mean sure there would
be but like people would say
realistically this will never happen
like if there was like a co-op of
businesses that were all owned by like
the workers and [ __ ] and that business
ends up being incredibly wealthy
theoretically people could become
billionaires yeah why I mean I wonder if
those people would even have a problem
with that kind of if people would have
just a problem with people having that
much wealth in general but um I I think
that the price I could be wrong like
there's two big problems that people
have with people that have that much
wealth right I like the part like the
two problems are one there's a systemic
failure if an individual could acquire
that much wealth right so like this
would people point to capitalism and say
well the only way you can get that rich
is by by basically stealing the labor of
a ton of other people because no
individual could generally get that rich
it usually lies with extreme exception
right yeah and then this the second
thing is the problem with that wealth
isn't necessarily that they've extracted
it from other people but that the fact
that one person has it means that a lot
of other people are being deprived of it
which is kind of a bad reading of
economics but in some ways I kind of
understand that so like for instance
very people starving in the street and
then there are multiple people with
billions of dollars it's like okay well
hold on there's got to be a better way
that we can allocate our money and in
society right yeah I I mean what you
said what you said in terms of people
essentially getting enriched by selling
through kids or whatever to other
capitalists like would you think like so
like for example if you started like a
software startup with with people like
equal shares divided between like four
people and then
you went around licensing that software
the really big companies like with that
I don't know does that still fall under
like exploitation are you now like kind
of taking licensing software
yeah like I'm saying like if if your
business model is essentially like
targeted towards licensing stuff for
selling stuff to like other like like
bigger companies like so you're
essentially all your money is being
derived from large corporations already
like would that also fall under the idea
of just taking money father capitalist
so that would be like no I think at the
end of the day whether or not somebody
would say it's like exploitative or not
right has to do with like who is earning
the money is it the P is it the actual
labor is the actual people that are
working on it or somebody that doesn't
do the actual work but just provides the
capital what that would be like a
capitalist right something that either
provides the software provides the like
somebody is providing the hardware like
like an actual capitalist right I think
is yeah but I mean [ __ ] when I just have
to some other [ __ ] yeah that's pretty
much okay
[Music]
