all right night guys how's it going I am
joined here by Liam O'Mara who is
running for a Congress and the president
in the 42nd district in California how
are you doing today
I'm so your campaign drew up to me they
wanted to have us chat
I guess about some of the issues you're
running for in California and I don't
get a chance often to talk to people
that are actually attempting to run for
Congress so yeah I'm interested what is
uh what do you think are like what are
like the most important issues that your
campaign is dealing with right now well
there's a lot of national issues that
I'm interested in and I I'm trying to
insert myself into several of those
debates nationally but in terms like
issues in the area it's really trying to
get the incumbent out he's been in there
for 27 years never holds a Town Hall
never speaks to anybody and he's got
some deeply reactionary views so it's
trying to basically shake things up run
things a little bit differently and try
and push this guy out so this is Ken
Calvert right correct he okay I look at
the polling data it's been a long time a
he won by quite a margin right he was
like over 10 points I think the last
time the election um the last one was by
seven okay seven points okay but he has
won by by larger margins before and by
smaller ones what do you guys planning
on doing I guess differently this time
around or not that you've been trying to
unseat him whatever but how do you think
you're gonna like make inroads there I
guess well there are a number of things
that are a bit different here first off
one of the models for me in the campaign
that I'm hoping will be a little bit
different there is I've taken kind of as
a model one of the closest races that
came to unseating him bill Hedrick came
within two points and bill was a much
more I think relatable character he was
much more of an ordinary guy willing to
go out there and talk to anybody about
anything and I have the same basic ethos
and I think in some ways a similar
aesthetic in the sense that I wasn't
willing to kind of compromise Who I am
to run for politics and neither did bill
which I think a lot of independents can
really respect one of the things that's
interesting is that bill came so close
to beating Calvert and at the time in
the district was 45
and Republican for her with the number
of Democrats about the same as it is now
never of Democrats hasn't really changed
but the number of Republicans has fallen
considerably it's not only 38% so what's
been growing are those independents see
at the NPP's and the idea there is to
try to appeal to as many of them as
possible in looking at kind of issues
that the target like that the group of
independents that could lean either way
what do you think are like the most
clear-cut issues that you think you have
an advantage on over like a Republican I
give it they're coming well I think I
mean realistically if you address a lot
of the topics right we have an advantage
on almost everything I think the only
one that plays really well to more
conservative people in the district is
going to be the the immigration issue
which has been a hot button issue in the
forty-second for quite some time and I'm
obviously not down with the whole Senna
fobia thing on pretty much everything
else I think that if we flip the script
on how it's normally discussed I think
we can make some serious inroads so for
example I tend to take a more economic
focus and a lot of things because more
moderate conservative voters and civil
libertarian voters have different
concerns from typical Democrats so if I
can address a lot of policies in ways
that a emphasize civil libertarian
aspects of it right you know how to blah
blah take more interference out of your
life this sort of thing or be things
that make selfish appeals to people so I
can save you a bunch of money on your
health care and focus on that more for
people because when it comes to the data
I mean he has no argument I mean that
can stand up I can crush him on the
facts it's just a matter of how you how
you message things and I think that
Democrats in general tend to do that
poorly for this area sure I definitely
don't disagree as somebody's debated
immigration a lot I definitely agree
with that the facts tend to fall on the
side of the of the Pro immigration
platform that went that went to that
ones just it's harder in the area
because okay so I guess I look at it
this way the forty-second went for Trump
by 12 points which means is not possible
for a Democrat to win without appealing
to some Trump voters sure yeah a lot of
Trump voters are going to be but
be frank more racist xenophobic nativist
those are not people that you're gonna
sway they're not gonna vote Democrat no
matter what a lot of people thought
voted for Trump because of the the
economic populist message the fact that
he was reaching out to working-class
voters the fact he was saying I
understand your pain less than half of
people in the Inland Empire are paid a
living wage right if you look at the
data there people have been looking at
their their lifestyles contracting their
options contracting they're having a
hard time making it the cost of living
keeps going up and salaries don't go up
and the Trump saying that he was
listening resonated with people does the
media was dishonest about it but that's
a whole different issue so if we can
focus on those issues I can try and pull
some of those voters in do you worry so
focus on the immigration aspect okay so
focusing on the immigration aspect so
how do you juggle like trying to say
this play away how do you juggle
appealing to the nativist Trump
anti-immigration maybe xenophobic
population without alienating kind of
like Democrats is that a chance the
thing no no that's the thing I'm not
those are the people you're not going to
reach you only focus on the economic
side of things you just let all the rest
of although well vote for those voted
because not every person voting for
Trump is doing it because they are
racist I agree yeah plenty of them are
but not all of them and the issue here
is I'm not going to try to appeal to the
people who are backing Trump
specifically because they hate brown
people or they hate Muslims or something
I'm going to push back against that hard
and if the immigration issue comes up
I'm not trying to focus on it a lot when
the immigration issue comes up I will
always come down the side of the facts
and it doesn't matter if the study comes
from the right or the left
it always supports immigration as an
idea immigration it's always a net
benefit and I'm not going to mince words
on that so I'm not going to get those
voters but the people who voted for
Trump because Trump said I'm gonna bring
jobs back I'm going to help you out I'm
gonna put more money in your pocket
those are people who might listen to me
and there's plenty of people in the area
there's a lot of people have disliked
kalbert for
long time because large portions of the
Republican base in the area and the
conservative independent Basin area lien
civil libertarian which means nothing
more traditional authoritarian you know
more kind of neocon II type Republicans
don't really appeal to them gotcha so
that gives me also some potential
inroads when you talk about um so kind
of like this focus on like economic
populism and what kind of like policy
positions are you kind of aiming at
there okay so um a simple fact is we are
the richest country in the history of
the world and our living standards been
falling steadily for decades we now rank
somewhere between 16th and 17th in the
world and it's getting steadily worse
every year there are a lot of simple
basic things that people can relate to
so for example the lack of investment in
infrastructure directly impacts people's
lives in the area
you know grinding traffic everything
else like that there's we've California
has built far more prisons than schools
in the last few decades you know we're
just not addressing a lot of basic needs
but tons of other ones are direct policy
choices we're choosing to keep people
poor to keep wages lower so the trick
here is to be able to explain why we've
been in decline to to point to it say
look things are bad this is what this is
what made trouble things are getting bad
people often don't quite understand why
things are bad or how the economy is a
very complex nebulous sort of thing but
people have a sense that things aren't
as good as they should be and they're
worrying about their children's future
so if I can say well look if we take
care of things like ok we are the only
country in the world other than Papua
New Guinea not to have paid family leave
which really dramatically impacts the
earning potential of families it keeps a
lot more women out of the workforce and
limits the time they can be in work
force etc etc or you look at the fact
that we pay twice as much as any
comfortable country for health care like
out of our pocket week we spend twice as
much and yet we are the 35th wealthiest
people in the world so we spend more to
get less I mean our health care system
is ranked by the World Health
Organization is comparable to Tunisia's
No
country in the developed world has
anything close to the results that we
have and yet we're paying twice as much
so the issue for me with a lot of issues
things like that people tend to attack
the health care issue in moral terms
when they're coming from the left
they'll talk about how health care is
awry you need to take care of more
people yes that's all very true I agree
with all of that but those arguments
aren't going to sway a lot of moderate
conservatives or in our libertarian
types like so what I don't care I got
mine you know I got good insurance from
my employer I'm fine so if you can tell
them okay so you get insurance from your
employer right that okay that's cool you
like you'd like any insurance right so
what if we say your employer is paying
17 grand for your insurance and it
should only cost seven and then
switching then to my approach here is
going to put 10 grand in your wallet
that's not a handout it's your money
it's part of your salary it's part of
your compensation package that someone
is wasting and it could be yours
when you use it so in looking at all
these things I mean I obviously would
probably agree on the policy issues for
all these things how do you look in
terms of like funding stuff because I
mean that's always like the challenge at
the end right is where does the money
come from in the budget yeah it's always
funny when people do that because it's
what we we can't afford to you know I
don't know take care of people's health
care but we can certainly afford to
massive tax cuts for yeah massive tax
cuts for the rich and you know bombing
eight countries at the same time and all
the sort of stuff like why what we get
out of that what do we get out of like a
dozen aircraft carriers patrolling the
world we have two giant oceans I mean
hello there's plenty of money for that
but then they complain about these other
things so I get that there's but set
this a hypocrisy part aside to me again
it's it's a simple numbers game if
someone says how do you afford universal
health care the simple question is we're
already paying for it and we're actually
paying much more for it so simply
changing the way the system is organized
on the insurance side would save a
tremendous amount of money directly so
it's not a question of like how do you
pay for it it's already there and then
tons of other ones um you know I it's
it's tricky in American political
discourse because the right has done
such a great job of turning the word tax
into
dirty word and trying to get people to
think that any discussion for taxes
means that their costs go up 10 that's
simply not the case
you know I don't want to raise taxes on
someone making fifty grand a year 60
grand a year
I'd love to lower their tax burden the
taxes on the rich need to be higher and
there's actually already broad popular
support for that in polls even Fox News
polls show like you know 7080 percent of
people support higher taxes on the rich
yet the politicians aren't really to
talk about it because the word is scary
so I want to try and use the position
here use the campaign to make some basic
arguments for people we know from the
history of this from our own history and
from examples all around the world that
higher taxes on the rich lead directly
to greater investment in the real
economy and higher wages for everyone
else and we can also show them that
since we started doing massive tax cuts
in a reg you look back at Reagan's tax
cuts which we did the rounds on the
Reagan than we did once our W Bush and
down under Trump if you go back to the
beginning under Reagan right Reagan cut
taxes on the rich that is when that is
that's the exact time when wages stopped
growing for everyone else they became
stagnant and they have not kept up so
all of those years so we're looking at
40 years of stagnant wages at the same
time as these tax cuts on the rich if
you can try to simply explain the
connection between those two things
it can kind of change the conversation
on it a bit because realistically for me
I'm not I don't want I don't want
government handouts
I don't want la blah blah free money or
all that I want people to have their own
money I want them to be able to earn
more and keep more of their own money
and the simple fact is the way we have
organized the current tax system is
screwing most people when you look at
like different ways to bring in revenue
from from wealthy people I know that
some of the Democratic candidates are
kind of suggesting different things so
for instance Elizabeth Warren has like a
wealth tax
I think she's knocked about like a
financial transaction tax like kind of
like a speculation tax when what kinds
of I guess new taxes are you like in
favor of for some of the wealthiest
Americans like what do you think are
effective ways of raising revenue
without discouraging connectivity right
those are actually both good and that's
also an interesting question too because
you're gonna hold it will
to discourage economic activity that
again gets to where to me one of the
things has consistently bothered me in
the last few decades about Democratic
politicians is how few of them are
willing to engage directly on the
economy they cede that ground to
Republicans and Republicans are able to
say we're better for the markets we're
better for the economy and then of
course they conflate markets in the
economy which are not the same thing at
all but if we can actually engage
directly on those issues I think that
they're winning ones for us a wealth tax
and in an inheritance tax actually
stimulates growth you know when people
just inherit vast amounts of money
they're encouraged to sit on it when
someone accumulates vast amounts of
money they're actually encouraged to sit
out the economic logic is to do nothing
at all because you'll make more money if
you do nothing at all
if if there's a wealth tax on it you're
actually incentivized to work harder to
invest in your business and grow the
business because that's how you grow
your wealth - that's how we build great
fortunes in the first place and this is
how we have built very competitive
economies all around the world higher
taxes on high earners did not discourage
growth in any part of Europe I mean the
northern European countries intended to
have quite high taxes on the rich and
yet they have highly competitive markets
in fact the Nordic countries are
generally rated as more economically
competitive than the u.s. they have
freer economies - and tons of you know
massive corporations so it's not like it
stops that kind of work it actually
helps to stimulate it a speculation tax
is a good one
both Warren and Sanders have both talked
about this and one of the points I would
like to make is that if you go back to
the markets in the 1960s and we were not
poor in the 60s we were on top of the
world if you go back to the markets in
the 1960s 90% of transactions taking
place in the markets reflected the real
economy it was transactions based around
companies that were actually doing
things in pearled moving goods building
things right things that actually
affected the real economy of ordinary
people today 90% of transactions on the
markets are speculation they have no
bearing at all on what's happening in
the real world it's just people saying
hey you know I think this new whiz-bang
company with this cool logos gonna be
worth something I'll do that and then
just bouncing the stocks back and
ourthe you know trying to like bet on
what might be valuable at some point but
having no real bearing on the actual
economy on race we get somebody like of
these small startups being ill valued
higher than like General Electric or
something sure wait real quick can you
reset your camera it just it turned out
for a second yeah yeah it's um
it keeps actually coming out yours has
been completely stable like frozen for a
long time and mine will go for a minute
and then freeze completely okay and I'm
not sure what that is sometimes it's
okay yeah I'm kind of curious um that
wait so we don't have to get like too
lost in the nitty-gritty would you say
that like I don't know how extremely
realistic do you think that like all
derivative like capital markets are bad
or like so like when we like it like a
like a start-up like say a start-up
happens people over value it angel
investors or early investors come in and
they pour a bunch of money into it is
this like necessarily like a bad
economic activity you'd want to
discourage or no no but um but there are
excesses to it so it's a matter of okay
so the way I look at it this way uh the
the businesses you know that the
corporation's working on the markets and
the state and its regulators are
supposed to work together there's a bit
of back and forth if you leave either of
them completely alone if the state
entirely dictates how things work wildly
inefficient doesn't work if the
companies new markets are entirely
unregulated it doesn't work either it
doesn't actually foster growth there
there has to be some kind of balance
between them where you're applying the
right kinds of incentives so for example
a small tax on speculation tones down
some of the excesses of speculation
without actually stopping the activity
because the activity itself is going to
happen anyway it's it's fine but if it's
super cheap to do so then anybody's
going to sit around on their computer
all day and just bounce something around
and think that they're making money but
it's not actually doing anything it's
it's basically unproductive labor it's
not actually doing anything for the
economy so a very small tax slow is that
a little bit I don't know if realistic
that we can get back to where we were in
the 60s with ninety percent but in the
real economy things have changed too
much and a lot of our our development
really has to be at this point in
new startups and high-tech type stuff
you know really we knew to be we need to
be developing a 21st century economy
anyway so some of that stuff should be
encouraged but it's reached an excessive
point and needs to be slowed down okay
when you when you're talking about
policies no we're talking about things
that are pretty pretty national in scope
right they affect the entirety of the
United States so I'm kind of curious
when you're running as like a
congressman how do you balance like your
national interest versus like the unique
challenges that you might have facing
your district like how do you like how
do you determine which issues you want
to talk about more so for instance like
I don't know how much like a financial
financial transaction tax might be
relevant to like the citizens that are
living in the 42nd District of
California do you have to tailor your
message more specifically or how do you
choose like I guess which points to talk
about it's actually it's actually a huge
topic there's a lot to that so in some
ways you have to change the way you're
going to approach something when you're
talking about a big national issue you
have to find a way to say this is how it
does affect you so for example a wealth
tax is not going to affect a great
number of people in the forty second you
know directly because it you know it's
relatively poor overall the issue though
is is if you're going to talk about it
how does it affect wages here how will
it push up wages here if you're talking
about these the whole speculation tax
what that what's that going to do well
it helps to bring the markets back in
line a little bit with some of the the
real economy and helps to change some
that the emphasis back and I'm trying to
make the argument that we need to build
up the real economy in the area my
district is actually fairly huge like
physically a very large it has zero
universities it has one Community
College and a satellite campus or
another Community College it has very
few industries it's mostly like shipping
and you know warehousing that sort of
thing we need to build up good jobs for
people in the area so if you take these
big national policies that seem kind of
abstract to people and you say this is
how we will encourage investment locally
and bring jobs into this area that that
can help there too the broader point
you're making about national issues
versus local issues that's actually in
some ways one of the interesting
challenges
the campaign people asked me initially
so why didn't you run for like a more
local office state office and my answer
is always two-fold one a lot of people
run for the house as a first step anyway
you know the incumbent did he was a real
estate developer and he went into
Congress so there's that but the other
is that's where my background is
actually suited I I'm I study national
and international issues so it's where I
can actually make a real difference and
if I can be a voice there on these big
policies and do it in such a way that it
directly helps the people back in my
district I'm actually serving their
interests people often try to ask people
running for Congress about very specific
local issues and the simple fact is
that's not what a Congress critter does
they're not supposed to like affect
where a traffic light goes in yeah for
sure right and they even have relatively
little impact on on even big things like
the freeway some you can sometimes get
grants or whatever for things like that
push things like that through but it
really is more of a thing that the
counties and states work on and then do
it some of that in collaboration with
the federal government so what I have to
try and do is say okay these are the
areas that I can talk on well these and
things like and you know actually push
on and then try to show them where it
affects them okay that makes sense do
you um I should know this but I don't
you um do you know if other people are
planning on running against you or in
this district is it like pretty
competitive among other Democrats
running like in the primary or um
it sometimes is and sometimes not it
really varies there's one other person
who has announced and is running in the
primary but has so far done very few
public events raised almost nothing
she's not doing a lot of the work of the
campaigning but is actually in the
primary so we'll see how that goes
California now has those those jungle
primaries where I mean there's lots of
people involved in anyway okay so it
isn't like a primary within the party so
realistically it's looking like there
will be three candidates in the primary
and then the top two will go on
general gotcha okay okay so for the most
part without bringing it without making
it too personal myself I think we align
on a lot of kind of policy issues where
I tend to avoid like the moral arguments
and things like immigration and I try to
focus on the economic ones because I
think those are resoundingly powerful
however so you you market yourself as an
economic populist now how do you respond
to people generally when I hear populism
I usually think economically a kind of
isolationist policy so things like
tariffs or like protectionist ideas
where do you fall in line with stuff
like that like are you generally like
Pro tariff or pro protecting certain
industries no I'm not at all I it's
tricky because I can understand the
arguments there but realistically
protectionism doesn't work in tariffs
always end up hurting consumers
businesses they actually contract the
real economy it's a consumption tax that
kind of like economic isolationism makes
no sense to me at all
the the populist element is for me the
appeal to the well the popular artists
you know Al and the people like you know
people first like how do we better help
the economy of ordinary people how do we
better help someone afford to pay for
their child care take care of their
groceries grow their economy get higher
wages that sort of thing that's what I'm
talking about realistically I'm I have
no problems with free trade trade is not
the problem the the Germans have a
higher living standard the Nordic
countries have a higher livery living
standard and they all have freer trade
than we do right that they they
literally have freer trade and and the
Germans with an economy 1/7 the size the
United States literally exports more
than we do right that doesn't mean
people like Trump are always talking
about the trade deficit and they're
blaming China for it like China is
taking this or that and China's not
we're buying it that the problem is us
it's it's our choices you know it's what
we're doing and our policy choices the
Germans have better structured their
economy and the growth areas in their
economy so they can compete which means
they can sell things there are things
that they do better than anybody else
that's what we need to be doing is
investing in our real economy
investing in our workers investing in
the industries of the future that was
how we built the middle class in the
first place and that's how all the other
successful countries in the world are
building themselves up complaining about
the competition makes no sense to me
it's literally stupid it there that
you're blaming them for doing a good job
the problem is is you so I'm serious
with the way that because you keep using
this term real economy do you are you
okay with like America's transition to
like a service economy or the fact that
we export a lot of say like financial
services why not or would you like to
see like a return to manufacturing or do
you not feel strongly aligned in one way
or another honestly I think it's I'm not
sure I like the way people generally put
that like a returned at manufacturing
realistically the United States
manufacturers more now than we ever did
before we are still a manufacturing
economy we just do it mostly it's more
automated so it employs fewer people the
movement into different sectors is not
itself the problem the fact that we've
moved into a lot of financial services I
have no issues with that at all but
there are a lot of areas that we could
better compete and and and take care of
more people there that the fact that
we're leaving more and more people with
dead-end jobs working multiple jobs like
fast food or something that's that's not
sustainable especially since tons of
jobs are gonna be automated away I mean
trying to restore manufacturing assembly
putting and like bring more jobs back
that it doesn't make sense we're still
manufacturing lots of stuff we don't
need as many people to do it and we're
going to need fewer and fewer and fewer
people to do it eventually it's gonna be
like you know just a bunch of robots and
a dog to keep the rats out and the guy
to feed the dog and that'll be it but
every you don't need this stuff in there
but and it's not just manufacturing all
these warehouse jobs but be robots
moving those packages around tons of
clerical jobs tons of administrative
jobs ai is gonna be taking over tons of
that tons of service sector jobs those
are all going to start disappearing you
know a lot of studies are saying that
based upon the technological and
economic trends 43 percent of American
jobs are at risk of disappearing in the
next few decades and we're not planning
for that that's one of things that
bothers me education is a good part of
that preparing the workforce here so so
better acts
Tech College would also access to trade
schools people can learn to do things
that aren't easily gonna be automated
away this is one of the things that I
think the system is a bit too rigid but
I like the fact that in the German
education system people are sorted by
their choices and aptitudes and either
heading off to trade school or heading
off to university afterwards and both
are free they're part of like I mean
like we already pay for k-12 it's it's
the same basic system it just extends
outward to provide people good careers
it's not everyone needs to go to college
but everyone needs to be able to to do
something to contribute right so people
have to go off and become electricians
plumbers this or that you'd give them
good training so they get good paying
jobs doing it we need to start thinking
about how to do that how better to to
prepare people for the workforce of the
future so that we're not just looking
around as all the jobs go away and then
like what do we do now what do we do now
and of course this job members go down
then the spending goes down we are a
consumer economy then the entire thing
starts to contract sure so andrew yang
obviously talks a lot about this when
you talk about like automating a lot of
jobs away and everything alright are you
pointing towards like a ubi type thing
or do you think complementary positions
are gonna open in the future that will
keep people employed services or
honestly both there are a lot of things
that we will continue to create jobs
it's not going to go away we're not
going to like suddenly all just sitting
referee sitting around there will be
tons of jobs but we will eventually have
to consider some way to tax the robots
because they're still going to be doing
the work and the work still produces
economic value and living in the society
that has that value that that's doing
that thing should come with some basic
benefit like not starving to death we
will eventually have to do that so I
actually quite appreciate that he's in
this race right now and is bringing that
up because it gets that conversation
starter in the national level I think
it's absolutely inevitable and tons of
test studies have this done over the
last century they've all been positive
they've all led to higher growth rates
and more people working not less because
if you take care of those basic needs
suddenly people are able to do other
things they're able to spend they're
able to go out if I've got enough to
take care of like I mean if we if I
don't have to worry about paying for
child care or this or that I don't to
worry about like I
I can't make my rent suddenly I can
afford to go out to eat all right
buy another toy and that actually
stimulates growth overall which leads
also to more employment so it's not like
it's a bad idea in any way do you think
if we tax robots we have to give them to
write their vote okay wait okay two to
two questions I have for you in terms of
so we've kind of talked about a little
bit of the first not much of the second
if you could choose like a really
important domestic issue do you think
there's like an important investigation
that we don't talk about enough like in
in our in our national political
discourse is there some big thing that
you think like most people either aren't
seeing or politicians under dressing it
up there's actually quite a few um
there's one that I want to raise the
profile of and one that does get talked
about but not quite enough and not well
the the latter one is is the climate
change issue and that's a harder one in
the area because I do live in a semi
rural district in fact that's one of the
reasons this the discord and the twist
room is actually sort of complicated for
me technically and aside from the fact
I'm I'm on a Linux computer so there's
that but where I live I have no access
to high-speed Internet it does not exist
my only internet is my phone because
it's simply not available so for years
I've not been able to keep up with that
sort of thing okay the it's difficult to
address a lot of issues like climate
change to people in rural areas because
they're they're not used to it coming up
and it can sound scary and they start
thinking other costs how do you pay for
this house green new deal sounds scary
expensive so the trip for me it comes
back to the same kind of arguments I
made before how do you shift it around
so that it directly affects them or uses
some of the logic that they would use so
if the granule deals in a call for
higher investment in a lot of different
technical areas you can point out well
you know the u.s. used to be a world
leader in tons of technical areas we
used to be a world leader in solar cell
technology and in battery technology why
is China the world leader in both could
it be that they're investing in those
areas and innovating and filing patents
isn't that what we used to do is the
most innovative kept
economy in the world why can't we get
back to that I mean the reason we have
these things in the first place is the
investments during the Cold War right I
mean it's not like the state directed
the economy they simply provided the
resources to different University R&D
labs and to different and sponsor
different projects like competitions
they put the money out there so that
people could actually do the work and
innovate and that led to massive boom
the longest sustained economic boom in
our history and if we pitch the green
New Deal is the same kind of idea as a
solid investment in the American economy
and in the American worker that will
improve our quality of life I think you
can also get some attention there
because the simple fact is we're facing
an existential challenge here you know a
few degrees up here and we'll have heat
waves that will literally kill mammals
that step outside I mean do we want
large parts the United States and never
mind the rest of the world to become
literally uninhabitable and you think
about the massive cascading extinctions
they'll come from that you wipe out a
few insects that kills a few mammals
next thing you know of crops are failing
all over the place and we have massive
starvation civil wars or relevant to
people oh you Christ refugees yeah the
refugee crisis and which again this is
an issue that comes up because a lot of
people in the area like oh no more
immigrants will sorry buddy there's a
lot of more gonna be coming here period
the climate change is going to make that
inevitable so we need to start working
on on how we can adapt to this sort of
thing because it the simple fact is
hundreds of millions of people are
living in places that will not be
livable at all they will have to escape
those areas so we have to grapple with
the challenges there the trick is how do
you win the argument how do you convince
people to care in the first place and
not think of it as some Airy
abstraction oh that's 50 years down the
road and it only affects people in like
Florida or something or whatever I don't
care
I you have to make it real and vital and
emotional for people and that's one
thing that I want to do and one of
things I want to try to get a lot more
people to do yeah one of the all right I
got you well I wasn't saying quickly the
other one that that I want to try and
push a bit more I think is an area of
potential common ground between the more
conservative and liberal voters there
and that's Clean Elections
you know the commitment to get the big
money out of politics if we should not
be allowing corporations in the rich to
be buying elections I mean Trump ran on
draining the swamp we all know he was
lying you only have to look at his
cabinet to see he was lying he he
brought a lobbyist with him still but he
said it and people loved it and poll
after poll shows that both conservative
and liberal voters do not like the
influence of the super-rich in our
politics so trying to draw attention to
that and say hey look we have to be
better than this you know this is this
is a problem and it's a problem on all
sides it's one of the areas where I can
actually admit there's there's tons of
problems in a Democratic Party there's
tons of Democrats I would consider
wildly corrupt that vote totally in line
with corporate interests they should be
wearing like NASCAR jackets with
stickers so whose own who owns them and
tell us them what to do because it's not
us it's not the voters sure and if we
can try and win people over on that
issue because it is so broadly felt I
mean I think it's a winning issue okay
so on both of those okay so on the first
one the climate change personally I
actually I feel like on is an
international issue behind maybe nuclear
weapons and things related to say like
Iran I would say climate change is like
the most important issue facing the
world but I actually I talk about it
almost never because it seems like one
of those issues that's so impossible to
get somebody personally invested in that
it just seems like a really set like oh
man and I don't mean to pull this is
kind of a Republican talking card but as
somebody so I'm thirty I think you've
got a couple years on me but growing up
and maybe was even maybe you heard a lot
of this too I I remember even for me
growing up I would hear you know like in
five years that the IceCaps gonna be
melted in ten years the planet is gonna
be 20 degrees cooler or warmer or
whatever that all this horrible stuff is
gonna happen and it has it it seems like
it's really hard to get people like
actually motivated into making real
sacrifices for pro climate
change-related stuff I do agree that
like innovation and new technology and
all of that is definitely important but
sometimes it feels like we're waiting
for like the magical innovation that'll
kind of like bail us out and don't want
to acknowledge maybe the reality that we
probably do have to make so
consumption changes like I don't know if
we can fly as much or Drive as much or
consume energy in the way we do now and
still get to like a like a carbon
neutral state you know for the country
without significant technological
innovation that doesn't exist right now
okay so um here's the way I'd approach
that and there's two different aspects
this one the predictions issue and this
comes up a lot from the right oh they
said this wouldn't happen I didn't well
the simple fact is it actually did tons
of that ice is gone a huge amount of sea
ice has gone and the rate of sea-level
rise has has been steadily going up and
you can see you said you mean it's
actually nice that you said that you
said 20 degrees warmer so if you look
back and you just go back like you know
10 20 years right go back 10 years and
look at like the average temperature
where I live all right and in the summer
months it was in the 80s mm-hmm right in
the August the averages were in the 80s
today it's in the hundreds and I have
tons of hundred and five days 106 days
that's a 20 degree difference in 10
years the average temperature in many
parts of the country has gone up but
things like that move slowly they move
gradually now and you forget that things
were actually different so if you can
try to make that real and say you know
it's a lot hotter than it was when you
were a kid isn't it yeah I mean well I'm
not sure well here's the numbers and
take a look at this and it's a lot
hotter yeah I think the people of Philly
effects yeah the people that Phil is the
worst are like I have friends in
Washington or people in London I think
like people that live in these areas
where it got kind of warm in the summer
but now what's getting into like the 80s
and a lot of these buildings have no air
conditioner and it is like life yeah or
in London like in the 30s I guess or the
high 20s and it's like really really
hard to deal with it because they don't
actually have like air conditioning
stuff built out into their area right
and even areas that haven't had as
severe a warrant warming in much of the
year as other parts of the country I
mean my partner's from northern New York
where it gets super cold large parts of
the year and they're getting you know
temperatures in the 90s in large parts
of the summer now and that's that's
unusual that didn't used to happen and
it's it's it's not set up for that and
you are getting like heat strokes and
people getting sick from that so if you
can if you can try to make
some of that at least realer for people
but the bigger point I want to hit on
here is you talked about sacrifice and a
lot of people talk about sacrifice when
it comes to this we have to change this
or that mm-hm
and I think that also gives into a right
wing talking point I honestly don't
think we need to I think it's more a
matter of of innovation and change in
the way that we approach some things so
do we need to stop driving no we just
need to drive things that aren't
polluting and that technology already
exists do we need to not have air
conditioned no we need to use air
conditioning that uses less energy and
we need to move on to a clean energy
power grid if we have our energy coming
all from like solar and wind and things
like that geothermal tons of that the
new renewable energies are carbon
neutral then does your air conditioning
matter no today it does but it's not
going to if it's all solar do you owe
carries do you have a strong stance on
nuclear power do you care one way or
another or I don't have very strong
feelings on it but I dislike it I always
have largely because there's there's no
way to deal effectively with the waste
and the bigger issue I think for me is
that it's not economically viable it's
it always costs a tremendous amount of
money for what it generates it relied
upon significant subsidies and there's
no good reason to dump in that cash
there when we could be spending the
money on other renewables that already
are economically competitive at this
point solar and wind are behind only
natural gas and they're fast approaching
the cost points for natural gas they're
already more effective cost wise than
coal and and and oil and that's what we
need to be focused on in the long run if
we get to like nuclear fusion rate I
mean the German have been investing
heavily on that fantastic if somebody
manages to crack the nut for nuclear
fusion then yeah then nuclear can become
viable again once it's inexpensive
enough right now it's nuclear fission is
is is old technology it produces waste
that we're stuck with for tens of
thousands of years it has potential
disasters that come along with it and
it's simply unaffordable so why bother
okay okay um for the on the nucleus type
of heard different stuff we don't have
to go to specific I've heard that like
that like one of the reasons why nuclear
is so expense
his other energies that there's a ton of
subsidies that exist even for things
like like fossil fuel still get a lot of
subsidies but I'm not one who sure yeah
I do know that there has to be a way to
deal with the weight with like
temperature or rather weather variations
right that like if it's not as windy you
don't get as much wind if it's cloudy
you have more solar that there are these
problems that still exist for some of
those alternative energies but those
would say that that's not a matter of
the energy at all the problem there is
is a national power grid if we and
that's where again the investment that
comes with a green new deal sort of
thinking can be good for the economy as
a whole if we moved over to a smart
power grid that's that's that with fast
transmission lines able to move the
power to where it needs to go very
quickly and and better storage
technologies so if we make the
improvements in those two areas a smart
grid and better storage and you don't
have an issue with less Sun and less
wind all this is possible of the Germans
produce a fantastic amount of
electricity from things like solar and
they're an extremely cloudy area are you
mean they have massive cloud cover we
don't have cloud cover in large parts of
this country you can build massive solar
arrays in large parts of the southwest
deserts and with a smart grid you're
able to move that energy all across the
country like that and respond to those
needs sure although when you start out
saying yeah although when you start
upgrading like a lot of those grids and
you do more like storage or whatnot
we're talking about more like waste and
everything in our front class right for
disposing of this stuff or or creating
and disposing of old stuff well I mean
you're basically talking about an
investment eventually you'd have to
replace things I mean you can't keep
using the same old technology for
something at some point you have to say
well it's time to stop upgrading the
coal plant and get off a coal it's the
same basic logic anywhere you know yeah
we have to move off of these old
techniques replace the the grid as a
whole and there's massive gains that you
get from that okay and you know taking
apart the the old you know power relay
stations is not going to produce like
you know so much excessive waste it
doesn't isn't immediately like wiped out
by the by the gains by the by the much
cleaner production and transmission of
electricity that comes from the smart
grid so you're talking about short
investments and long-term benefits sure
okay
the second thing that you brought up I'm
very interested in so I used to be
heavily against things like Citizens
United which is kind of what you're
talking about when you talk about like
money in politics I had a very
conservative friend that would go back
and forth talking about this though and
and one thing I wonder in terms of like
getting money out of politics and I
don't expect it have a perfect answer
that's because I consider this a really
complicated issue where do you draw the
line in terms of how companies should be
allowed to advertise to people or fund
certain projects when it comes to like
freedom of speech so like as an example
say I have two candidates running in
some district one of them is Pro will
say nuclear energy and one is
anti-nuclear energy if I wanted to fund
a huge documentary that is anti-nuclear
energy and then put ads up for it like
how do you draw the line on what should
be allowed or shouldn't be allowed for
this type of stuff without it like
infringing on like some pretty important
like free speech issues all right so
let's see if I can turn understand what
you're getting at who's who's free
speech are we talking about here so just
any company or any individual wants to
dump more than what the FEC would allow
for like an individual like campaign
contribution say somebody wants to spend
two million dollars either a company or
person on creating some documentary that
is anti some issue that like a candidate
is running on do you think that stuff
like this should like be considered in
terms of campaign contributions right
this is kind of like where super pacs
come from right where all of the money
is funneled into a super PAC that kind
of you know works on certain issues but
doesn't directly work with a candidate
how do you how do you go about like
drawing lines on what should or
shouldn't be allowed there I would say
by understanding what free speech is
because allowing massive spending like
that is a it violates free speech it
actually acts against it and that's just
some simple psychological tricks here if
someone has a massive amount of money
they can dump tons of cash in and
immediately sway arguments because most
of us don't spend a lot of time doing
the research and all this people don't
study policies they don't have time they
have jobs they have kids they're not
going to do this but they see a cute
little 30-second ad that gets them okay
and that name sticks in their head or
that little that little cute little line
you know the person getting the
groceries out of the back of the car
turns and says under the camera and you
kind of like remember that oh okay cool
and
that then influences your voting that's
not that's not free speech that's
propaganda that's basically allowing
people to buy votes and and you
manipulate people advertising for
products okay there's a certain speech
there there's a sort of market logic let
people spend the money to sell their
goods but letting them spend their money
to sell public policy the directed that
it affects all of us to me that's it's
basically allowing the wealthy to
control society completely that's not
that's not democratic and it's not about
freedom so those speeches
it's literally creating an aristocracy
as well don't you aren't we kind of in
an area though we're like pretty much so
like even if we look like some of
Michael Moore's works right like I think
he did like Fahrenheit 9/11 and you know
like other movies like this with would
these be seen as forms of like political
advertisement or like what Sacha Baron
Cohen does the guy that did Borat and
then more recently I think this is
America are those are those ads or
documentaries I mean if somebody is
producing a documentary film and says
hey here's my cool idea go check that
out
I've made this cool documentary film it
says coal is good for you coal is great
comes in my film and put that out that's
fine they can do that I don't see a
problem with them doing that it's when
they can pay for deceptive I mean
literally lying 30-second ads dump ten
million dollars and have them pop up and
everyone's YouTube feed and they're
seeing uh coal is good coal is good
alright that's it it's a different issue
for me so you think they should be
allowed it's like so for speech I mean
the connection of films like Michael
Moore to me that's a lot more like
someone funding an art installation or
something or like contributing something
in the public sphere someone wants to
put the material out there fund a museum
fund an exhibit somewhere in a museum of
you know produce documentaries or
something that's fine that's that's then
expressing a perspective and putting it
into the debate in the public sphere
advertising because of the the
psychological dimensions of it and
because of the way it sort of works
within consumer economies is actually
kind of dangerous when it's dealing with
areas of public policy there's a reason
that no other country in the world does
it this way we're the only one that has
these kind of problem with with that
kind of advertising and it's directly
why we're so much more corrupt in that
sense too yeah I guess um
so is the only issue have then unlike
advertising the documentaries you make
or cuz like so for Citizens United for
instance like I'm I'm pretty sure that
was like I think that was a conservative
group they just wanted to air a
documentary about Hillary Clinton that
was kind of an attack documentary
whatever and they wanted to run outs for
it I guess you know I try to look at it
on the other side so like if Trump was
running for reelection and a bunch of
people got together and they wanted to
make like a ten million dollar you know
movie related to Trump or whatever to
showcase some of the bad things about
them
it feels hard to say like how would you
allow something like that but then not
allow people to pool their money for
other issues whether it's fossil fuel or
pro or anti climate change or pro or
anti abortion or whatever it just seems
really hard to kind of like figure out
like what should be allowed or shouldn't
be allowed there yeah and this way you
said it is a difficult issue and I
honestly have a harder time justifying
restricting advertising for productions
like that because you can at least make
the argument that this has some artistic
value or something or it's some kind of
contribution to the discussion and view
it a little bit differently the where I
would where I would push a little on
that is sort of shifting the ground and
think about where the money is coming
from the first place and the degree to
which you can spend so this is where I
kind of like limitations on spending for
things the idea of super PACs where you
can spend unlimited amounts of money
producing something so I want to
convince we look coal is good for you
and I'm willing to spend a hundred
million dollars to do that because I
know I'm gonna get a few billion dollars
in profit from it the person who has 100
million dollars he has more speech and
the person who's sitting there with the
scientific research and the piles of
information and the low-budget
documentary that says coal was bad for
you now gets drowned out by a hundred
million dollars sure so for me it's this
the spending limits or the key issue
there if someone wants to advertise some
piece of trash dinesh d'souza film
that's fine there should be a budget for
that that says they can't spend a
hundred million dollars trying to drive
or wanting to see this garbage you know
because it then it's it's restricting
the individual business as the
individual wealthy person individual
corporations ability to sway things it's
sending hard limits on how much cash
there's a reason that we do that for
individual voters to it elections should
be funded by voters directly because
they're supposed to represent us
not corporations but you're limited like
$2,700 there's a good reason for that
because I don't want the local
millionaire to buy politicians yeah so
why don't we have that same 2700 hour
limit and why are there not limits on on
corporate donations why do we have these
super PACs super PACs should not exist
they are naked ly corrupt it's the 21st
century version of what we used to in
the 19th century walk into the welcome
to the the floor of the House of
Representatives with an envelope stuffed
with cash that's all it is and it just
simply should not be allowed sure
okay so for domestic issues you had
there's climate change and then kind of
the funding of Elections like citizens
united issues well you're saying like
what are couple of big issues that I
would like people to talk about what you
talk about yeah yeah so okay I'm more
interested in this because of your
history background for foreign policy
issues what do you think I think so most
Americans I don't think know anything or
even have an interest really and what we
do in terms of foreign policy if you
could think of like one or two like big
either Trump administration blunders or
Obama administration blunders like what
are a couple things in terms of foreign
policy that we should be paying more
attention to you think people should be
paying more attention to that we really
don't right now oh boy that's fancy and
this is a this is a trick for me and
it's actually funny much one of the
reasons my campaign manager got in this
in the first place was with my foreign
policy background and she was saying
yeah you should totally be in politics
for this um it's realistically a hard
thing to run on because not only do most
Americans not know much about the rest
of the world or what we do in it
most of don't care yeah because it
doesn't impact our daily lives right
yeah right it's a lot harder to make
them care about it because yeah while
we're spending ridiculous amounts of
money on the military and whatnot it's
still you know doesn't it doesn't seem
like it's hurting them directly I mean
it is to some extent but it's it's a bit
more abstract and when you have to start
making references to particular events
or people or places that they've never
heard of then you're their eyes glaze
over and you've lost you've lost it so
it really are one thing that I thought
was really funny was um do you remember
when Gary Johnson got nailed on that
Aleppo comment a few years ago people
made fun of him and laughed at him but
to be honest I don't I I wouldn't be
surprised if 95% of Americans
no idea who Aleppo was what Aleppo was
if that was a historical event that
happened to be assumed yeah yeah that
was I
I completely agree where where it was
fair to nail him was that it had been
discussed repeatedly for weeks yeah yeah
for sure yeah I'm not giving it aside on
it but like a lot of Americans really
disconnect oh yeah stuff going down in
the Middle East yeah right yeah most
Americans and and realistically most
Americans should be I'm I don't want to
most Americans to have to know the sort
of thing I mean it doesn't make sense
that we all have to have the same level
of knowledge of these different places
and events but we have to count on an
informed media that's willing to engage
in discuss these issues fairly and
realistically ours does a terrible job
and we have to have public intellectuals
and politicians willing to talk about
these issues they need to be the ones
that are bringing them up and saying
this that the other thing and frequently
what we have in in politics is a bunch
of uninformed idiots repeating what they
saw in memes and you know you know uh
highly biased talking points and they
have no idea what they're talking about
most of our foreign policy appears to be
directed by idiots from my perspective
and I think that we do need to push back
hard on a lot of these issues the the
Iran one is a good one for me there's no
realistic reason for Iran to be an enemy
of the United States
it's simply inertia we've been pushing
them so hard they keep pushing us back
and it just keeps going it going at some
point we should stand back and say why
are we doing this our populations
actually have a lot in common Europe of
you're growing steadily more progressive
certainly much more progressive than
most of the Arab world you have a space
program in a highly diversified economy
why can't we be friends there are good
reasons to be friendly to them and no
real reasons to oppose them
internationally because they're not
doing things like
our friends the Saudis are directly
contributing to a lot of like Sunni
jihadist terror there is still not a
single Iranian terrorist that's gone out
there and blown himself up it hasn't
happened but we use the fact that it's
another Muslim country in the Middle
East and we have people up in it because
what it does is it simply fuels the
military-industrial complex and it fuels
you know the constant spending and it
keeps us worried and afraid of somebody
and it keeps us in the area and next
thing you know we're
fighting somebody else's war the Saudis
don't like the Iranians that's fine let
the Saudis deal with it it's their
problem you know if we stopped selling
the Saudis tons of weapons and the
Saudis of a ridiculously high military
budget specifically because they're
kissing our asses they're spending tons
money here
but you know why why are we fueling that
why are we handing them weapons so they
can commit war crimes in Yemen we don't
talk about Yemen the the fact that
massive starvation's and outbreaks of
disease are coming directly as a result
of the things that the Saudis are
choosing to bomb with our weapons is not
talked about to me is is inhuman the
fact that we've rolled over on on the
the Syria issue we've LED Assad kill
half a million people and we keep
talking about like the terrorists were
the thing yes okay the Islamic state
people they're horrifying right all no
Seraph and all these terrorist groups
are acting horrifying people but there's
still a matter of scale they killed a
few thousand people he killed four
hundred plus thousand and we don't want
to talk about that because radical Islam
sells better in the media and it keeps
people worried more and it justifies the
military-industrial complex for me a lot
of it does come back to this I mean I
connect a lot of issues okay and all of
it does come back to the way that we
spend and and the massive corruption the
fact that we allow these corporations
essentially to buy politicians spread
the jobs across all 50 states so it's
difficult to cancel any projects out
effecting jobs and then once you have
that equipment someone in offices and
say huh I can use this toy and blow up
such-and-such
you said okay picking on Obama I'm
perfectly happy to pick on Obama he you
know he assassinated a US citizen abroad
I mean that's just what hello what
happened to due process yeah he was a
bad guy but he was a US citizen and we
killed him with a drone strike
he had drones operating in more than
half a dozen countries granted Trump has
done worse and but Obama did worse than
W Bush did you put the toys there and
you take away any accountability that
the the spending that they authorized in
the wake of 9/11 no one has been able to
revoke a line that said the president is
allowed to go wherever the hell he wants
in the world and shoot terrorists
with no oversight at all I mean it is
the most irresponsible thing ever
and it's why Trump has got troops in 8
countries we're just able to do whatever
we want and if we keep spending then
that feeds into what the corporation's
want in the first place keeps us
constantly at war we are killing people
if people are worried about terrorism
and sure okay there's an emotional
response I can say you're worried about
terrorism you don't want someone to come
in and like shoot something up in the US
I totally get that do you want to stop
take American troops out of these other
countries and stop attacking them okay
why don't we have why don't we have
troops in most these countries in the
Middle East there's no reason for it it
doesn't make us safer it makes us less
safe all right I got to I got an easy
question and I got a hard question we
don't have to go into into it I'm just
something super curious in your opinion
so for the the joint the things the
joint comprehensive plan of action I
think was the arendt deal right yeah but
did you think that that was largely like
a successful deal should we have pulled
out about the way the Trump did or who
know it was successful first off it's
debatable whether Iran was ever going to
produce a nuclear weapon anyway
especially since you know they publicly
been saying no and the supreme leader
had said it would be unassuming to clear
weapon and they are a signatory to the
non-proliferation treaty but they do
have a strategic reason to get a nuclear
weapon the same reason North Korea did
right why did we keep talking about Iraq
and invading Iraq and not talking about
him invading North Korea cuz North Korea
had the bomb and they could drop on in
Seoul so it actually worked it makes him
safer so there's a good strategic reason
for them so we have to we can't discount
that someone might want to do it so the
deal actually did cut down in their
ability to do so it was being monitored
it was effective the US government's own
intelligence agencies and the State
Department said they are perfectly in
compliance as data independent I think
you and investigators said is why the UN
did this
the Europeans did this everyone verified
that they were fully in compliance with
us and it would not have led to it and
what it could have done and what was
intended to do was to help to reset
relations and get us talking again
because realistically there's no good
reason for Iran to be an enemy of the
u.s. okay there's a bad history there
but we should start trying to talk again
shutting that down was intended
specifically to bolster
the hardliners to harm Rohan ease
government and to make the Iranian
government more hostile to the US which
then justifies the military spending and
our aggressive posture in the area and
propping up with the Saudis want to do
it's it's dirty there was no there the
the reason the American people were
given was a lie
sure the the Iran deal was working and
it could have improved relations but the
people who don't want to improve
relations who want to keep relations bad
so we can maintain an aggressive posture
in the area that's why they scrapped it
sure okay so now a harder question I was
very curious so we talked about
dethroning somebody like Assad so I'm
very curious understanding kind of like
the this this geopolitical landscape
when you have these I don't want to say
Russian puppets but these factions that
are friendly to Russia so Iran that kind
of process up groups like Hamas or
Hezbollah and then and then Syria right
that gives access to its ports to Russia
and everything how do we move in or how
do you deal with somebody like Assad and
and not expect Russia to step in or
China to step in and and even Turkey
along that border had it had interests
there as well how do you navigate these
treacherous scenarios where there are so
many different interests that are vying
at one another and never directly either
right because you know turkey shooting
down Russian planes that are flying over
that are trying to bomb proxy groups
that we're funding how do you how do you
even begin to deal with issues like
these that are so entangled with each
other yeah some of them get really
complex the Syrian one actually is
extremely complex
I've actually been teaching courses on
the Arab revolutions for years trying to
like you know explain give at least get
people some basics on this but it's it's
an extraordinary complicated issue yeah
some of them there are tons of things we
can do but I'm not generally in favor of
the whole regime change type of thing I
don't think we need to be in the
business of like killing bad people what
we should have been doing though is
discouraging other players from getting
involved so we don't turn these things
into proxy wars the fact that Turkey has
invaded Syria on multiple occasions
that's that's on us they would not have
done that if we did not allow them to do
so because turkey is a NATO ally and is
tied in to the to the u.s. to the u.s.
system that helps to kind of like you
know maintain the security in Europe and
all that it gives us a significant
amount of influence there we've turned a
blind eye to them and they're doing it
only for domestic politics so they can
justify shooting their own Kurds it's a
ridiculous situation there but we
empower some of these actors the same
thing with our aggressive posture
towards Iran actually encourages Iranian
activities there because they want to
maintain bases in the only friendly Arab
country Syria's been the only country
that's been friendly to Iran since the
Revolution and they they're determined
to hold on to that and we put them on on
the defensive and make it look like
we're going after Assad they're gonna
step in that of course gets the Israelis
involved next you know the Israelis are
shooting Iranians both in Syria and now
more recently in Iraq and they can only
do that if we allow them to do it the
simple fact is we could say dude we
totally know you're about to like blow
the something--in in Iraq and you're
going to stop doing that right now but
we don't we allow these things to
escalate because it plays into our
perceived interest at least amongst the
elites of propping up the military
spending and our aggressive posture in
the area and maintaining enemies that
can justify the whole nasty kitten
caboodle we should have taken a step
back from all these things there are
tons of ways that economically and
politically we could have supported and
empowered the kind of resistance
movements that could honestly make a
huge difference in the world what's been
happening in Tunisia I think is a great
model there they didn't have to deal
with a military intervention and we've
been providing some support some some
civilian support like you know help with
them to like organize you know your
Parliament type of stuff like help me to
encourage the development of a stable
democracy but only where they ask and it
actually is helping to get that
democracy to take root yeah outside
powers can play a part in helping to
encourage the right things realistically
we have tended to encourage the opposite
we actually initially opposed the
collapse of a Ben Ali's government there
as well as like you know the collapse of
Mubarak government in Egypt initially
we're like no we had like our dictators
what are you talking about but as soon
as it looked like the dictators were in
trouble we found somebody else to
support I think that we're too often
on the side of like the reactionaries in
the region gotcha
I guess um yeah I mean you seem like you
know the history of the regions better
to me it seems more like less than than
signing with the reactionaries it's more
just whoever will defend American
interests at the end of the day so for
instance what Saddam Hussein where he
was was we didn't really care much about
the war crimes of the Kurds but it was
the fact that he would remain loyal to
the US over like Russia for instance now
right or what are perceived by some
people to be American interests because
again none of this is actually an
American interest at all well America in
terms of like Americans very specific
foreign policy interests not like the
exact guy that works in it yeah right
yeah I mean the the interests of the
military-industrial complex and the
lobbyists know and and and the people
actually running you know the Defense
Department all that it's it's in their
interests sure but I mean 9/11 was
response to US actions
it wasn't unprovoked it was a horrifying
attack that there's it's completely
unjustifiable we have to condemn that
and we needed to prosecute the people
for doing it but it was a criminal act
in response to something that we've been
doing for a long time and our response
was to double down into more of it and
that will have consequences too there
will be more terrorist attacks we are
making Americans all around the world
and here less safe by doing this and if
we can get people at least to understand
that we're making our ourselves less
safe I think it can help there because
especially the conservative voters and
whatnot are more concerned by safety and
security they're afraid of things and
they're afraid of what's going on there
okay okay cool you're afraid fine this
is how we make us safer and and how we
actually avoid causing these problems in
the first place pressure okay so as far
as you mention the area specific I think
that just I think it uh I just claimer I
guess I am I'm actually a story in the
Middle East by training so gotcha
oh yeah well yeah I said on your website
everything as mentioned pretty often so
okay stepping back from okay so stepping
back from from Harry Middle Eastern
issues oh well I'm curious before we
move too much for their West do you have
a general opinion or view of everything
going on this is not related to vote as
well sorry but like of the brags at
issue in the United Kingdom or Boris
Johnson suspending Parliament or
anything I actually closely follow
politics in a dozen European countries
and so I mean I could talk about issues
and you know
domestic issues in quite a few of them
yeah I certainly have opinions on what's
been going on there but realistically
there's not much any of us can do about
it I guess something I'm really
interested in is it felt like leading up
to Bragg's it it felt like a lot of the
same issues that were being echoed by
kind of like the British everyman was
pretty similar to a lot of the issues
that were echoed by the you know the
American manufacturer or blue-collar
worker the idea that globalism happens
some sector of the economy has been
totally left behind the political elites
are out of touch with us and here's how
we're gonna get you back and the UK they
did it with Bragg's in in the US we did
it with Trump do you kind of see like
any mirrored I guess sentiments there
between populations or there is and what
we're dealing with here is across the
developed countries a resurgence of
right populism that is actually a
response to people who are out of touch
and don't talk to ordinary workers I
mean the simple fact is Democrats in
this country and you know the the
liberal types and left types and a lot
of other European countries they don't
talk to ordinary workers and they don't
go out to rural areas and they don't try
to explain the issues in ways that make
sense to people they cede that ground to
reactionaries and people are then able
to walk in and say oh are you tired of
the foreigner scenario oh yeah yeah
there's a Polish restaurant that opened
up next door and it's got a weird
letters on the wall and that makes me
uncomfortable you can at that we know
more Pollock Senor Street huh okay cool
and then you'll vote for that it's
basically a reaction to what our natural
and long-term trends developing in any
economy and international relations but
we have not done a good job on messaging
those we've not done a good job of
selling them and there is in the
European Union a significant the common
phrase for is a democracy deficit they
don't actually do a good job of reaching
out to people explaining what they're
doing and making it look transparent and
democratic instead it looks like elites
are shoving something down your throat
and you don't like it and that's
something that the right can very easily
exploit and it's what's happening in
Britain there and in the u.s. it also
happens in Germany in Sweden and Hungary
in Poland in Italy I mean this these
reactionary movements are are all
getting quite poppy
yeah their own yeah and they're a can
hope they can all build on
anti-immigrant hysteria look at like the
the anti-muslim hysteria in places like
the Netherlands or France
I mean it's pushing people away from the
policies that have actually made them
richer and safer I mean actually what it
wiped out the possibility of war on the
European mainland and it integrate the
economies in such a way that everyone's
sended of living went up I mean we tend
to forget that in the 1950s most houses
and France did not have a toilet they
didn't have running water I mean the the
level of you know actual infrastructure
in these countries was quite weak and
not just because of World War two it had
never been built in the first place it
just had not been done the integration
allowed for tons of investment in
different areas that directly better
everyone's lives and we're trying to
throw that away
because people are afraid and the the
answer to that is for more people to
stand up and explain the stuff well and
try to like you know just walk into the
pool halls and talk to ordinary people
and try to help them to understand that
they're actually safer and richer yeah I
remember seeing like even like hysteria
the us over like refugees what I think
we've had like I think almost like a
million referred that and I think there
was only one terrorist attack ever and
it wasn't even a terrorist attack it was
the FBI finding people and man was it
was like Minnesota or something where
they wanted to look like a group of
there was like some Iraqi or something
yeah something on that yeah I mean yeah
like some of the safest groups of people
that get something most intent exactly a
test screening like any American to ever
be settled here he has like insane yeah
immigrants and refugees have
statistically far lower crime rates far
lower crime rates than native-born
Americans I mean three-quarters of
terrorist attacks in the US are are
coming from from the right you know and
their domestic terror attacks I mean and
people blaming the foreigners for that
blaming immigrants women refugees for
that that's simply a reaction and
honestly its reaction not just what's
happening in the world not just to
globalization and you know the movement
of refugees and everything else here
it's not just that it's also a reaction
to how out of touch a lot of people on
the left of God
yeah and how unwilling they are to talk
to ordinary people
Kratts used to dominate the heartland of
this country when we talked about
working-class issues in relatable ways
and we tried to reach out to people and
and and show them we're making your
lives better and by taking a step back
and just shaming people you know this
look at the reaction of people always
saying like Oh your virtue is signaling
this and that you know I mean they have
kind of a point that we're not really
trying very hard yeah actually that uh
that one of the biggest missing the
marks had ever seen was in the 2016
election cycle Trump and Bernie had kind
of tapped into this populist mindset
that people feel disenfranchised that
people feel like they're not being heard
and you know Trump had his you know
campaign slogan make America great again
and I remember Hillary coming out on
stage you be like America's already
great and it's like some people think
that but you're missing everybody that
doesn't already buy into that which is
like all the people that Bernie and
Trump were targeting and it's like how
could you miss the mark this this hard
right the people who were hurt right and
and more was right about you know
Trump's viability in the Midwest you
know I called the 2016 race as a toss-up
just because it was gonna be decided by
so few voters and only a handful of
swing states yep I think it was like he
wouldn't I was in voters I think more
has decided it between some swing states
in fact that she wasn't even competing
in those areas bothered me but it's not
just that she didn't go there it was it
was her I mean and I don't mean her in
the sense of like well there's all the
propaganda and people didn't like her
and yes she was personally very
unpopular but so is he the the key issue
here is that she didn't run on her
platform she ran on not being Trump you
know she ran she ran as a milquetoast
centrist in a time when populism was
appealing to people that people felt
scared and insecure and worried about
the future and she said it's all good
you know you know we'll be fine
vote for me because I'm not a raging
douchebag you know this guy seems unfit
he's yelling and screaming and calling
people names and I'm not like that vote
for me like well him doing that was
tapping into some anger in the same way
that Bernie's like most up here kind of
ranting it that you know the 1% also
taps into that anger and a lot of those
people just didn't show up I mean the
there was a big study in 2017 that
showed about 12% of Bernie's primary
voters actually voted for Trump in the
general uh-huh and that doesn't mean
that they were like all hardcore racists
or something it was because they liked
to screw this up if the Democrats aren't
listen to me they're not gonna take my
concerns seriously and they're gonna
keep shoving the stuff down my throat
then yeah I'll throw a spanner in the
works and you get Trump we need to
actually get back to talking to ordinary
people and addressing their concerns if
we talk down to them if we basically
shame the Trump voters and I see a lot
of Democrats doing this candidates for
office and ordinary Democrats attacking
the Trump voters as terrible people some
of the asket of the floor above very
much yes a lot of them are that's let's
be fair there are some deplorable
elements in Trump's a lot of moderates
in there that you can't ignore yeah but
exactly there's also tons of swing
voters there's tons of simple populist
or some people who said you know hey I'm
a working class voters I'm concerned
about how I can pay my bills and this
guy's saying he'll help and maybe he'll
do it nobody else has helped everything
else and it's been getting worse
Siddalee I mean you know we've we've
been in decline for 40 years and it's a
bipartisan issue none of them have
stopped that decline and Trump is saying
I'm the outsider all change things I'll
make things better you know there are
people who are tempted to say well maybe
it'll happen why not I'll take a shot at
it and if we basically lump all of them
together and say that they're all just
horrible people we're kind of missing
the point of what made him viable in the
first place so this is kind of a broader
discussion that I've had on my stream
recently when you talk about moving this
is kind of a pulling back getting like a
more broad sense
so we have our ironically enough Hillary
took votes you have kind of your like
ideologically purist position like this
is the ideal America and maybe for some
people it's a socialist state for some
people it's a highly democratized much
more social safety nets and everything
for some people it's something
completely different when you envision
this is your goal how do you balance out
like kind of your pragmatic policy
positions versus this is what I actually
want right like say I actually want like
the single-payer extreme Bernie plan but
instead I'm just gonna you know
incrementally build on the ACA how do
you figure out like which positions you
should adopt in a public facing manner
for me um most of that is um it's based
more around the data than anything else
so on the on the healthcare issue I
don't like the idea of trying to like
prop up the ACA because I think it's so
a waste of money if you're trying to
maintain some kind of hybrid system you
don't actually solve the problem of
Americans paying twice as much as anyone
else you're actually just adding a cost
because then you're dividing up those
risk pools and you dramatically increase
the amount of spending there and the
point is to decrease the amount of
spending and there are different ways to
do it Medicare is not the only way to do
it it is possible to actually accomplish
it with an entirely private system the
dutch and german systems are completely
private and yet they're vastly more
efficient and cheaper than ours this I
think and the the British system is
actually completely state-run so there
are a whole range of competing models
here I tend to like the Medicare one
because it leaves all providers
completely private the hospitals that
the doctors the the suppliers everything
and simply replaces only the insurance
which is something nobody realistically
cares about it's just the the faceless
bean-counters in the offices somewhere
like checking the box and if everyone
has a good planet it's done that to me
is I think the simplest and cheapest way
to do it but there aren't other ways to
do it and I'm you know I'm open to all
the discussions there what I don't want
is to pursue a system that is going to
increase the cost for no particular
reason because that was one of the flaws
in the Asda when they took the public
option out of the ACA and they made the
mandate so weak that the penalty was so
weak it encouraged tons of healthy
people to stay out of the the network
entirely so they weren't in those risk
pools they just paid the the tax penalty
instead and it was what actually has
them angry yeah yeah and it makes me
angry I just got another tax for no
particular reason bla bla bla and then
that commenced and I pissed him off um
but it kept them out of those risk pools
and you didn't have the competitive
pressure of the public option those two
things are what caused the health care
costs to rise sadly for many people some
of us save money I save money a lot of
people did not healthcare costs went up
and they're going to continue to go up
and if we stay on that kind of system
they will continue to climb and they
need to go down as far as the the
general point about balancing where you
want to be versus what you have to do
today huh because yeah I'm I'm by nature
a very progressive person but I'm also
I'm pragmatic and I think one of the
things that helps to drive that is
my background as a historian I'm
accustomed to seeing change over time I
know that things get better when people
are always like oh the good back in the
good old days I'm like really the good
old days would you like me to tell you
about the good old days because that
they were my favorite talking point is
what somebody brings up the good old
days I always want to ask you like which
ones I they talk about ooh you mean
women could have well when black people
didn't go to white schools but yeah
what's right but gay marriage right when
we have yeah cholera and polio um you
know I mean which good old AR you're
talking about here yeah things things
are bad for us in many ways right and it
is true that the middle class has shrunk
from 70% of the population to 50% it is
true that wages have been stagnant for
40 years but but in many respects we're
still better off than we would have been
people are still healthier overall and
living longer they lived in 1950 our
lifespans are falling they have inched
down a little bit here but they're still
higher than they were in 1950 so like
what good old days you know what we need
to do is change the course of it change
the direction so we can get back onto a
nice upward trajectory and I think the
goal for me is simply to be on the right
path so yet do I eventually wants me
like a you know a post-scarcity Star
Trek kind of photosystem where I can
just go to the replicator and here's my
sweater or something yeah and I think
we'll get there um but do I think that
we need to sort of like be there
tomorrow no because I know we're going
to you know think if you if you get on
the right path if you can show people
that this is the right direction based
on the data based on the history based
on the numbers this is where we need to
be going here we will get to those
points okay
that's about it for like major questions
I have are there any other issues I
guess that you feel like our border that
you want to address or talk about or um
let's see uh sure I mean there's there's
the this or basic thing Oh my campaign
manager is trans I'm supposed to say
trans rights or something I I obviously
have very socially liberal values and
all that so I mean I'm all for expanding
civil rights so that that shows up
there's an issue too so all that but I
think that
I guess one thing that I want to point
out it gets back to some of these basic
points we've been making all along here
I want to be able to go anywhere talk to
anybody and try to contribute to the
national conversation here I want to
help push us in the right direction I
don't want to be another one of these
generic faceless politicians with nice
scripted talking points that just sticks
to safe stuff I want to walk in and talk
to anybody and actually try to
contribute these conversations and I
want to do that with clean money which
we've been doing and so obviously I have
to make the pitch and say please donate
to us and it's one of those I guess the
one key way I like to say it it's like
for the price of a coffee a month you
can basically be providing you know
effective government that's going to be
accountable only to the people and not
to corporate interests if we all kind of
step up and do that and I know I've been
supporting House campaigns across the
country where I've seen somebody yeah I
think this person would do a good job
and yeah here's here's your 5 bucks a
month you know and help out there if we
can all pitch in a little bit more so
people on a hop onto my website like
Liam amara.org community
look in there help us have you done any
like on-the-ground events so far in
California don't know if it's too early
don't know a lot actually I mean there
are dozens and dozens of events and not
everything it gets added on there we try
to like pick out major ones so you know
public events where I show up at
different rallies or events there or you
know club events and club speeches there
was obviously we're at the Democratic
parties can't conference up in San
Francisco recently so there's tons of
things like that and we're showing a bit
more and more of those kind of things
and trying to set up also and that's not
the kind of thing that easily shows up
at one the website we're setting up tons
of like you know a small-scale meet and
greets we're basically okay so Liam's
gonna be hanging out at you know
such-and-such a bar down there and I'll
come on down and chat and people come in
and talk to me because I want to meet as
many people as I can and I'm I'm gonna
be fearless about this I'll go anywhere
I'll go to the Chamber of Commerce the
Moose Lodge I'll walk in anywhere and
talk to people and
try to make the case that my policies
will make them richer that my policies
will make them better off and we need
people's support to help make that
possible another thing we're trying to
do as well as improve some of the social
media game and some of the video things
you know if we can produce you know nice
videos that basically take a complex
policy position and boil it down to 45
to 60 seconds and help people understand
in a different way than they might have
heard it before that can also help to
change things and not just in the
district in swaying votes there but can
also help to push some of the
conversation nationally on some of these
big issues okay cool I mean we've got
your website listed and everything is
there like an upcoming event that you're
planning on doing soon that maybe people
could find you at or I don't know if
you'd normally broadcast these online or
I am I'm not actually sure there's I
always try to announce things on the
social media accounts okay when the
important things are coming up there's a
let's see no there's an endorsement book
coming up I don't I I I rely on people
to keep the calendar for me because it's
one of those fun ironies of me being a
historian is i if I'm not actually
looking down at something I have no idea
at datas I'm Terry what dates okay final
question then cuz the chat really wants
to know which Linux distro do you use
and why okay so I am I've used quite a
few over the years I was I was a UNIX
user beforehand and I transitioned to
Linux on my desktop in 95 and fact then
it was um no throwing things together
with Slackware and I was an early Red
Hat user kind of playing around with
that and I've gone through quite a few
over the years I have tended to favor
more the the deviant variants and my
current laptop is is based on mint
because it's easier to configure some of
the multimedia stuff and get it to have
at least tolerably and on my hardware
that tons of like you know of tinkering
but I still strip it down it's running a
xfce because I prefer performance to
like flashy bells and whistles okay you
know Richard Stallman is yeah yeah yeah
no yeah yeah I know I've actually met
met RMS oh wow ok we were really close
to getting an interview with
but we go we couldn't get the free
software program that he wanted to work
so we couldn't end up doing it but yeah
ya know he's he's a big-time weirdo no
no I was I was heavily involved in the
geek community years ago I mean I was I
was I I was I was on the Internet in in
the 80s before the web existed you know
I used to I used to play on like muds
you know around I grew up playing him I
type very quickly now just because of
that yeah exactly yeah yeah so I was
always like you know uh you know
remoting into some remote UNIX server
and I started getting used to working
from computers that way and that just
stayed sort of normal for me so I never
adapted to the whole like Windows or Mac
stuff okay okay way that's awesome I'm
really glad you came to talk I
appreciate it hopefully I can brag and
say that I talked to a future
congressman a few nomination I get
through and when the election yeah and
and I because we're using some of our
equipment here I want to like you know
plug Aiden woods twitch stream as well
so it's like you know twitch TV and then
AI da and wo uld a tin would wait
twitch.tv AI D a n wo u wo uld like
would you
Aiden would gotcha Aiden would oh yeah I
same in my chat right now oh that's me
there you go awesome so yeah throw a
little plug there has helpin out here me
coming from a rural area with no good
internet you know I'm I want to be doing
more to this but I have to like you know
get some help to set up and I'm stealing
her internet right now so gotcha cool
way I really appreciate it thanks a lot
and good luck on your election and
everything yeah yeah thanks very much
and and please remember to check us out
if M was interested in anything I've had
to say here at mail please hop on and
donate but thanks very much and thank
you very much for your time I appreciate
this cool thanks a lot have a good
thanks
primaries but uh I feel like I've spent
like it just like I don't I never really
wanted to get into an issue
