what do you watch me for like okay being
in the Navy and being in Japan if I ever
said some real dumb [ __ ] you were
correct man what say it go you know I
know eight how you get that though I
have a law painting of guys at fetishize
Asian women they go after that like
submission Oh
what doesn't use for train wrecks these
discoveries Christa's platform how do
big train wrecks a bad person no I mean
things that I disagreed before but I
don't think it's a bad person oh yeah
but it's home dunno
then in the 10 countries you're a boat
can I fight against up your whole chat
can fight against me okay can you please
go on to Google Scholar right now and
substantiate anything you're saying with
some sort of study that shows that
having access to firearms does not have
a noticeable impact on suicide I would
love that your whole chat can work
against me right now I would love to see
these studies yeah I don't know anyway
let's move on the last thing I want
can we stop having train rings hey
threads in quoted in it where you said
you can throw up a train wrecks hey dumb
[ __ ] really yeah he says you can do hey
threads again because train is
platforming it white supremacist is that
what you said Oh Mitchell literal MPC's
did they just say just like [ __ ] like
yes yes yes destiny has these r ideas
you just can't win Dean so stop inviting
them to your [ __ ] dick oh boy was
gonna ruin your channel and it's gonna
ruin you and you're gonna end up [ __ ]
you know getting sick of it in the
bitching like wait a second marika
saying that my fans are doing something
on a subreddit because of my actions his
Greek putting forth the argument that a
right Yuri mer could influence their
online easily to behave in a certain way
showing this because this is a cutie in
the background oh I'm just showing you
oh my god this guy's embarrassing me
let's get out of here I'm cringing right
now of course he likes the fading people
at 69 you're on the air on the Robert
ortt so you have anything you want to
interject into this debate good evening
ladies and gentlemen we are wait hold on
I can't I can't I can't I can't all
right
I don't I get it's like another like 20
our [ __ ] conversation hit me up with
a question what do you go do I want to
be accused of running away from 14 year
olds or debating them what's the worst
no you're right you're right no you're
right you're always right dude you're
always right thanks I try to be that's
what I build my brand on no one's going
to think that destiny lost this debate
no one really you literally just said
earlier though that everybody that was
an intelligent person agreed with you
you literally tweeted that oh yeah
everyone who's an intelligent person
which is like five people and I choose
who they are just move tabor be
assertive sunny such a date oh boo boo
amazing
Oh your video gamer you guys notice that
like every single Hispanic girl seems to
have like a really nice booty even when
they're really small you ever noticed
that the word I take issue with is
substantiated so you believe that dick
brought up points but he didn't
substantiate them yes I would say that I
would say okay let's just follow this
okay so you believe that dick did bring
up points but you leave but you believe
he did not substantiate them right
that's what I would say okay
so then when I say that he failed to
raise a single good point in our
discussion you don't think that like
raising a good point that's
substantiating that good point is like
part of no I don't think you have to
substantiate a point for it to be a good
point if I haven't read a book in
decades Taniya huh do you like left his
stuff well I don't know I think a lot
it's gonna go well have you read these
uh seven [ __ ] volumes of leftist
literature if you would just read all of
Marx I think you would understand I
bothered me so much that you just bought
maybe you can just read all of our books
I know you believe it is please scream
my buns please get the [ __ ] out of here
oh my god looking at you I'm asking well
I'm not I don't believe in any kind of
prescriptivism so so you don't think
that we should tell people anything
about how they should act or what they
should do whatever everybody should just
do whatever not that everybody should
just do whatever I mean yes we should
tell people how they should act if we
want them to do what we want them to do
okay what you just said as a former
prescriptivism then right we should tell
we ought to tell people how they should
act in some regards right it depends on
how you're looking at it like if we're
if you're saying that like in order to
meet the ends that we are hoping to meet
we should like let me try it let me try
to do hold on let me try freestyle yeah
hold on let me think okay
destiny dot Gigi they're my friendly
someone lamb I didn't let my use him and
not me him at what I got to do to get it
through to go superhero yeah just off
the dome guys just off the dome guys
like you what is that squat from you've
fallen for it on your toes a lot I'm
starting to wonder
fake gym bro
I didn't say yes okay see and the only
way a good point can be good if it's
unsubstantiated is if you already know
that the point is correct I mean it's
not that you have to know that the point
is correct it's that the point has to be
correct what does it mean for the point
to be correct it means probably that
somebody else substantiated it fans I
want to democratize the workplace
they're almost about as fans that want
to genistein minorities listen dude if
all you want to do is democratize the
workplace then all the alt-right wants
is a place for white people to live okay
if that's how you're gonna [ __ ]
sugarcoat your views we can sugar cut
the rights here I've talked to enough
people we could sugarcoat anything we
[ __ ] won okay I took a lot of English
classes in [ __ ] high school my dude
okay so a good point can be a good point
if it's unsubstantiated and argument as
long as it's substantiated at another
argument as long as it is true listen
question is gone and you guys need to
serve that harem [ __ ] in chat okay you
guys are [ __ ] creepy it cost me
opportunities I mean [ __ ] off hit us up
Dan I offended with my insensitive
comment from a half decade ago it was in
bad taste I do not hold these views
today and I did not hold them there was
with your great support that I've
understood my wrongdoings and I will
never say things designed to incite the
chat again oh shut the [ __ ] up it's my
goddamn thing all of our [ __ ] content
and they're gonna find my [ __ ] out of
context that's where have my debates
come from I love it mind some dumb [ __ ]
I've said come to ban me about it and I
look like a [ __ ] [ __ ] that's half
the [ __ ] that's like half my content
right there
so destiny I heard that you said that
dad should [ __ ] their daughters let's
talk about incest like that's some easy
country please read this I don't care
about your log some den what do you want
dan what the [ __ ] is that a threat what
did I did you yeah I can buy a bigger
[ __ ] you can't buy a bigger bank
wow that's any great arguments I can't
argue against you do you understand
I will never win an argument against a
[ __ ] lefty because your [ __ ] has
never been either really tried or when
it's been tried and failed it's somebody
else's fault I can never ever win an
argument because everything is perfect
you're perfect you're perfect your
system is perfect your theories are
perfect everything is perfect because
there is no and
lyrical example of them working so I can
never criticize them okay you win
lefties win all the arguments yes you
win I admit it
because we are right you're a coward
you're right go be free
I am shackled by the chains of
capitalism and you have ascended beyond
that rise above me and find the next
content creator that you can go and jerk
off about your perfect utopia that just
doesn't exist but you can do it I
believe in you I know you can find it in
1996 there were two hundred and seventy
million people and today there are three
hundred and thirty million people but we
have the same number of gangs as we did
in 1996 that means per capita it's
actually fallen gangs to people but we
have one point four million gang members
we okay wait so what how is the gang
members change do you have that is that
listed here estimated number of gang
members so that's actually stayed on the
absolute basis the exact same as well so
according to your source it's around
850,000 and that's actually the exact
right as it was in 1996 but our
population 86 in 850 right well that's
to to 2012 it actually doesn't have so
in 1996 the number of gang members was
846 thousand and in 2012 it's 850,000
and it's actually very interesting that
those numbers are the same because not
only as our population grown the
majority of our population growth has
come from Hispanic people who are young
and male so you would actually expect
these numbers to be wildly increasing
but it stops at 2012 walk the ground
starts caving in around you and to the
point where you're about to step into
this growing crater do you walk into it
how deep is a crater at this point is
maybe 8 feet deep 20 feet wide yeah I
stand I just hold my ground and wait for
the ground to catch up to me the ground
falls beneath you and you plunge into
the earth as the earth like slips away
you're dead ok that's good thank God
[ __ ] dude I probably probably would have
[ __ ] about a Nazi Nazi Germany I'd like
to be real most of us in here would have
been Nazis in Nazi Germany
you're not gonna be a gnome but are you
right the important part of the question
first of all are there even gnomes in
D&D Lily are there gnomes are there even
gnomes ok that's not my question on
whether or not you're having the
important part of their sentence is
whether
you worship the god what the [ __ ] yeah I
will be here a hundred percent Lily do
you have any like twitch rival stuff
really on the up here I said this
horrible goblin cold okay thanks a lot
[Music]
