all right what's up oh well this is sort
of a broad sort of question I think
about status of morality and I think it
underpins a lot of your discussions I
mean the last time we talked which was
if you want to go yeah we sort of got
into it a bit but I don't know I have
quite a few arguments in defense of
objective morality because you seemed
pretty passionate about against the
notion of there being like one true
objective morality and maybe you could
elaborate a bit on what you mean by that
okay so you seem to know all of these
words so you can tell me if I butcher
the [ __ ] out of any of this that's how I
think can you tell me if I'm wrong I'm
probably a very strict materialist and
that I believe that the entire world is
related to the existence of physical
things and that that is right entirety
of the universe or at least I would say
whatever we're capable of interacting
with them perceiving so maybe there does
exist some extra supernatural stuff oh
it doesn't impact us we don't interfere
with it and it doesn't interfere with us
right so I would be a materialist right
it sounds like like in the history of
philosophy in like the early 20th
century at the movement known as the
logical positivists that try to rule out
any notion that didn't interact or refer
to anything directly in the physical
world
okay so statements about ethics for
example are meaningless because within
the state that it is good to help others
Oh where's the referring there to the
real world
gotcha so so I would agree that it's
meaningless if you're and I use the
express your frame of reference here
maybe observer would be better I don't
know but if your frame of reference is
the universe or if the universe is an
observer then I would argue that that is
a meaningless statement right that that
any philosophical ought is a meaningless
statement so for instance we ought to
Health children we ought to be good to
our fellow man or whatever that those
are meaningless
it's been in relation to ourselves as
humans I wouldn't say that those are all
meaningless statement so I'm not
advocating for like total applied moral
relativism or like total nihilism or
anything like that I guess okay right
but the actual truth value of a moral
statement isn't it would differ
depending on the individual would you
say kind of yeah or rather that like we
should not murder that statement is true
in a different sense than two particles
will always excerpt some gravitational
attraction on to each other that these
two statements are different types of
truths like the difference between like
a normative and a descriptive claim and
and that these are entirely different
things like the any any moral claim you
make has no basis and in the in the
physical materialistic world it's just
like a human construct
it's what I would say right okay what
well I don't know if I've ever really
heard of like a pluralist because when
you say that there's more than one
notion of truth that to me it doesn't
make a ton of sense okay I know that
what I'm saying isn't I'm not the only
person to say this so maybe I deserve to
find different words so for instance if
I were to say Theodore is black there
are two different types of statements I
could be making I could argue that
Theodore is black in the sense that his
actual physical color is black versus
Theodore is black and that black is some
socially constructed notion of race that
we as humans have that one of those
statements is like a factual descriptive
claim of a physical property something
on the on the electromagnetic spectrum
that can be measured etc and that the
other thing is a is is it more of a
claim that isn't like that is there what
is like a better word to describe this
do you understand what I'm saying all
right well I I don't think there's any
difference in truth there because it the
only thing that makes something true is
if you know it meets the condition of
what we call true so saying that
Theodore is black in the sense of you
know is
skin exhibits like a certain reflects
certain amount of light or whatever then
that is true in virtue if it's if as we
understand the world it meets the
conditions of what we're considering
black in that sense okay black in the
sense of you know a race and you know
beats whatever you want to really define
black it's as long as we are meeting
what we are considering the definition
of black I don't think the notion truth
changes I guess like what I'm getting at
is that when you say what we are
considering so if black is defined as a
certain wavelength I don't know if I
should say this with the color black if
black refers to a specific wavelength on
the e/m spectrum but I don't think it
does I think black is the absence of
color so I'll say I'll say yellow okay
if yellow refers to a wavelength on the
electromagnetic spectrum this is
something that we can define and it is
not relative to an individual's like
personal beliefs but rather it is a it's
like something that we can give like a
rigid definition for whereas if two
people say this this rice dish tastes
good these can be true or or if one
person says it's good and the other
person says it's bad for both people
these can be true statements but they're
making contrary claims about it what so
what am i describing here I guess
well like even can we not make
descriptive claims about you know
societal cultural beliefs like saying
that you know someone is Asian for
example I don't think you need to reduce
that and down to any sort of physical
level it's a statement about you know
what we are considering Asian society
I'm just trying to but I'm saying like
different people could consider it
differently is what I'm saying what
would you call these statements where
people can have disagreements on what
you're calling matters of fact I don't I
don't really know if they're it comes
down to I don't know I'm not really
familiar with any sort of system that
would differentiate between the two
because well like so let's Jennifer
depending of the context so let's let's
use the let's do stick with the food
example then two people eat a rice dish
one guy says this dish tastes bad and
the other one says this dish tastes good
these are things that each person has
personal subjective feel
about how do you how can they both make
and nobody would argue I don't think
that either statement is false so how
can two people make contradictory claims
about the same thing in both statements
be true how is this okay so it comes
down to your view about meaning and what
counts as meaningful and what counts as
meaningless I'd assume from your point
of view you'd consider either claim for
example I think you or someone who holds
your similar position would probably
translate the statement this food tastes
good to something like I have a
emotional feeling that makes me feel
pleasure would I eat this food you'd
want to translate it to something like
that because that's actually referential
to something in the real world as
opposed to some normative claim about
what goodness is so you would deny that
any claim about aesthetics
is probably what this was fall under
have any sort of truth value and so the
claim this dude is good really doesn't
have any objective truth value it's as a
guy named AJ Iyer who I absolutely
detest argued that claims about
aesthetics and moral judgments are
really just emotional reaction yeah that
was gonna be what I that's what I was
gonna ask you next then couldn't I make
that same argument that about moral
claims that these are things that make
me feel good rather than these are
actual objective claims
well the emotivism was born out of
logical positivism and the view that
anything that doesn't refer to something
in the real world isn't meaningless and
you know within the philosophical
community now logical positivism is dead
because it doesn't work it's very much
self refuting and so really lying at
alarm you for the for the listeners that
might not know what that is can you
define electrical positivism well it's a
very hard thing to clearly define but I
can't give my best go at it because it's
basically it's an umbrella term for a
whole bunch of different views that were
born you know out of out of a Bertrand
Russell's and GE Moore's empiricism and
it was against the if anyone knows about
you know idealist on the German idealism
it was revolting against the notion of
you know some omnipotent and a lot of
subjectivism whatever and it was all
reducing it down to empirical concept so
basically but the most common form of
logic laws have been positive the
positivism today I think and one that
actually I think most scientists hold I
would save most scientists are probably
logical positivists is falsification ISM
which is offers view so a idea that if
something can't be falsified it's not
worth consideration or exactly if
something if if hypothesis or any
statement is not falsifiable then it is
not a meaningful statement okay this
sounds like stuff that I might believe
in does that make me a bad person well I
mean do you want me to give you a case
as to why just doesn't work that yeah I
mean I'd love talking about this stuff
so so a few issues with falsification
ISM is the fact that it rules out purely
existential hypotheses like for example
if I say let me think of a good example
because I don't want to give a a
misleading example that's now using
something like there exists at least one
unicorn
for example that becomes a meaningless
statement okay even though is it it
doesn't because you can never falsify a
statement like that right exists at
least one unicorn but is there a reason
why I shouldn't think that's a
meaningless statement or well because if
you extend that to things like let me
think I can I have to think of a good
example that that isn't utterly okay
because the bite if I don't actually
hear I could think of a better way to
put this oh come I'm trying to think
about how it can do you have like a
piece of paper or something maybe
sure alright do it so let's say we have
two sentences okay okay let's call one
sentence s okay and we call one sentence
n okay let s beef the sentence this
Apple is red okay okay
this is by the falsification is
criterion about what it takes for
something to be meaningful this is
clearly a meaningful statement yeah
because if I look at the Apple and it's
blue well it's falsified I can
hypothetically falsify that statement so
it's meaningful okay and let's take the
statement the absolute is beautiful as
my other state okay that's not
falsifiable how would you even begin
trying to falsify something like that so
clearly that's a a meaningless statement
okay and now let's combine those two
sentences together and create a
conjunction of the two s and n okay so
both the Apple is red and the absolute
is beautiful
I think maybe someone in your position
would try to object or something like
that that that really isn't a meaningful
sentence because it contains a
constituent that being that the absolute
is beautiful
and it starts to imply that bad itself
is falsifiable well I mean I would I
would just look at it as to two
statements and if one is false in the
entire statement is falsifiable right
but but in natural language I'm gonna
usually don't do that because when I
tell you now we're talking philosophy
right now right if somebody says like
the officer is taller and stronger than
you if the officer was taller and weaker
than me then I would argue while that
statement is false without any kind of
yeah but both of those things are
meaningful statements that you just made
yeah but it's also but well but those
are also falsifiable statements as well
right that's why they're meaningful it's
cuz they are false sure but I guess like
if I were to tackle these two statements
you would tackle the claims individually
just conjoining the statements doesn't
mean that you all of a sudden are so
like let's say for instance um the the
the man is taller and more handsome than
you right that in that statement I would
grapple with two separate claims well is
he taller yes or no and then is he more
handsome well you can't meaningfully
answer that so you would just answer the
first claim and you would say that the
second one is is meaningless or
undefinable or subjective or in every
right I I suppose but I feel like in
natural language we don't really do that
well what does no I don't understand how
the natural language is used for
anything here this really goes even
further like further down like cuz this
connects to so many different branches
and I don't want to get overly off-topic
but this will actually tie into
something I'll say later on so there's
this guy he's my favorite philosopher
okay his name is Thomas Kuhn whoa no
racial slurs on my channel please oh
right I'm just fighting oh my god
you know age verification and he's a
very famous he leveled the very famous
attack against Carl
in that okay so let's say that we are
falsification astir okay what the
falsification this is ultimately going
to say is that in science we should be
trying to falsify our theories right or
at least positive statements that are
falsifiable but sharing yeah right I'll
see no I feel like I'm going way too off
track here because we're gonna cuz
they're virtually what I was trying to
yeah we might this might be this might
be ultimately relevant like if we find
something that we can again here oh this
might be the reason why but sort of
diverging angle yeah so I got chrome
back based on what you've described so
far it sounds like I would be a hardcore
logical positivist but I would make the
argument that any statement that is
unfalsifiable is just a wholly unworthy
of consideration that is just it's an
uninteresting statement that I would
ever care to dissect or anything okay
okay so let's leave that there for a
second and let me introduce to you sort
of a new line of thinking okay about
it's like big progress cuz this is gonna
tie rate into my view on morality and
why objective morality is a necessity if
we're gonna do anything okay so would we
talk about the scientific progress if
you had the map scientific progress like
on a graph where the x-axis this time
and why is our level of knowledge
how do you think rap time
well are we talking like like it's
really hard to answer this wait so
you're saying we've got time on one axis
and technological process and progress
on another axis
yeah progress scientific progress our
empirical understanding of the way that
the world works I mean you could wrestle
with this in so many different ways icon
on one hand you know I would argue that
this would be something that would um
[ __ ] I forgotten count our names for
like all these types of curves I drew it
on streem but it would be something that
like increases slowly and then over the
past you know whatever it has
exponentially and in this dark ages it
would be a little bit the the slope
would be you know flatter quite a lot
less sleep there steep than in modern
day and right now we probably be unlike
the Highness oh yeah summer I got yeah I
could see one argument for that
but then I could also see some arguments
as people saying that like the discovery
of Agriculture was something that was
monumentally huge more important than
say the discovery of the smartphone but
that wouldn't even like but yeah so but
I'll answer with the exponential curve
because that seems to be the most
reasonable answer but I could see other
answers there but I don't know how
relevant it is I okay okay
I just p.m. do you in this court an
image of the classical pop Aryan view
about a scientific progress and I know
that there's gonna be different it
doesn't really matter how linear that is
it's just your picture would be
something similar to that and let me
show you my personal view of how
scientific progress is looked like and
in general the almost universally
accepted you in the philosophy of
science as well is this kind of image
which might seem really counterintuitive
at first like how's that possible
like 100 percent agree with it and the
kun one yes the kun one and so you could
obviously see the difference there
so what kun describes in his book
scientific revolutions it's essentially
about how whenever we undergo a huge
paradigm shift and that means something
going from like for example agriculture
or the printing press age or cars or
whatever right I wouldn't I wouldn't
think about like technological
advancements in the sense I think about
the actual way we approach science so
something like Telemachus traW astronomy
versus Copernican like the Copernican
revolution Oh actually revolve around
the Sun blah blah blah or the best
example would be going from do tawny
mechanics to something like general
relativity okay
completely it's a completely new theory
about the way that the world works and
kuhn essentially says that every time we
undergo this scientific revolution we
give up all the knowledge that we've
received about the world and we have to
completely start over and the rule I or
you can just for that but I'm very much
in disagree over that but I go ahead
right well if we look at the actual
axioms of these paradigm systems if you
look at the axioms of Newtonian
mechanics they are completely different
than those of general relativity sure
can't absorb the theories that we've
gained from Newtonian mechanics and just
plug it in to general relativity it
doesn't work that way
yes you can adapt them you can adjust
them modify them to make them just as
predictive and accurate as they were
previously but it doesn't just transfer
like that
for example mass in Newtonian mechanics
means something completely different
than mass in general relativity mass is
something that can you know which speeds
up and mass is just a constant in in in
the Newtonian mechanics picture and that
might eat a bit off or whatever but
that's sort of generally the gist of
things and what kuhn wants to argue is
that because of these paradigm shifts
really at the root of everything science
is very much a subjective discipline and
this is also my view I think people like
to say science is objective right it's
it's really just a real representation
of the way that the world
and I sort of got into this last time
but I want a scientific realism whatever
yes and I got a lot of [ __ ] about that
hundreds of bread that I got links to
yeah knowing about having an imaginary
there was this very funny to me because
people work really understanding I when
I mentioned applying some people but to
viewers that are listening I think
people should understand that when I say
that a sentence like you know the
electron or an electron actually exists
why that isn't a completely true
