man I got so much I got so many
questions okay I'm gonna try to give you
my relative level of madness
based on like how egregious I think [ __ ]
is let's just let's just begin let's
just begin I think my first
okay so I'll give you on a scale from
one to five with five being the worst
and one being the meh so let's start
with um we'll start with a one take how
did the neck wear I'm sorry not Daenerys
what's a one take why is Arya still in
the city I thought she got on a horse
and rode away or did the horse just like
right around for a little bit
Oh big spoiler so if you haven't seen
this by the way what why is she still
here was that just like a me marry the
horse got tired yeah okay I don't know
that's like a one that's not a big deal
has anybody else felt like Jon like
isn't even like a real character in Game
of Thrones I didn't really think about
this I see how that means all the time
about him but I don't really thing but
now especially in this episode is he
like even like a real character anymore
like what is Jon even [ __ ] do like he
just like walks around like Game of
Thrones especially post battle of the
bastards this was like John is in
arguably one of the most interesting if
not the most interesting people like in
that world he literally died and was
[ __ ] resurrected why is he such a
boring [ __ ] character now that does
literally [ __ ] all like he got together
like more armies almost than any other
person he brought the free folk south of
the [ __ ] wall he rounded those
[ __ ] all up like what the [ __ ]
oh he got Danny
it was the Danny virus maybe like people
were tweeting out like what was the
point of John's heritage that's the
wrong tweet the right tweet is what was
the point of John period what the [ __ ]
was the point of that whole character
what's the Danni virus the Danni virus
is that any character that comes in
contact with Daenerys becomes instantly
[ __ ] boring and horrible to watch i
honest-to-god have no idea what the [ __ ]
would point us with with Jon's character
at all I don't even know I'm so [ __ ] I
don't even know yeah I don't even know
what the [ __ ] the point of him being a
Targaryen was I've read some interesting
fan theories supposedly there's another
Targaryen that's still alive in the
books and that like it explains a lot
more why Danny and John have so much
conflict and don't just get married and
supposedly is it another Aegon or F
Aegon or whatever faked a gun yeah
supposedly that like explains the strife
between John and Danny way better but
I have no idea Oh anyway so I'm sorry
we're just I'm just kind of like going
through
I like how John just let all these
soldiers die he's such a wood [ __ ]
[ __ ] he used to be so sick and now I
just like F [ __ ] it kill him dude I
don't even give a [ __ ] anymore he's like
[ __ ] this [ __ ]
sir Davos is the only character that's
maintained his integrity throughout all
of God he's a bro dude this guy has
always been a brewski major brewski and
somehow he didn't get butchered by
anybody he's always been like pretty
chill
yeah damn John does [ __ ] all I don't
know why tyrion quits uh I guess Tyrion
was probably always gonna quit I guess I
don't know I'm surprised even like
Johnson I can the Dothraki are still
here why didn't they just kill them all
in [ __ ] Winterfell they should have
just had them all die I don't know why
they'd kept it whatever to Xochitl why
would you make like obviously you're
already having enough trouble like doing
the [ __ ] show why not at least just
kill that faction off so you don't have
to think about them or worry about them
it was so stupid to keep them around
they literally mean [ __ ] all now people
said they like this shot this shot was
so corny I guess it it's a cool shop
even though it's like really corny but I
mean the series didn't really earn it to
do cool shots at all they didn't earn
anything in the finale this [ __ ]
weathered with drew Wow whoa whoa nice
job Wow she's the dragon also this is
snow [ __ ] everybody that says this is
supposed to be a sh this is snow okay
100% [ __ ] out of here with that a [ __ ]
this is real happy because of some dumb
ass [ __ ] I guess are you do they
just let anybody walk up here I guess I
don't even know aria comes up to another
thing that I don't like I'm giving this
a 4 in terms of how much this bothers me
four one two five okay this gives me a 4
John should have been able to kill Danny
on his own I really don't like how
needed so much prompting from aria and
Tyrion to do it what the [ __ ] Jesus
Christ he's like not even a real [ __ ]
character he's like a vessel for other
people's like desires he can't even make
that decision on his own like what a
[ __ ] one like without Tyrion I don't
think he would have actually done it and
why doesn't art you just [ __ ] kill
Danny himself or so I don't even know Oh
God tentative ten scene Aria can read
Danny it like no one else
[Laughter]
Wow good observation Danny where did the
snow come from though usually from the
sky people keep saying it's ash but the
scene with the Dragons shaking it off
and it really looks like snow if it's
supposed to be Ash they did a really
horrible job trying to animate it also
will ash really fall from the sky like
days after like it's just Dragon Fire so
I like a volcano erupted yeah it's
[ __ ] snow this looks is snow [ __ ] off
guys yeah this bothered me up to like a
five maybe four or five I don't know why
Jon Snow needed so much prompting from
Tyrion to kill Danny it's like John is
like nothing he's just like he's such he
doesn't do anything in its own he's such
a loser I can't what the [ __ ] was the
point of his whole character Jesus
Christ he's so [ __ ] disappointing oh
this 100% of snow it totally looks like
snow look at the way it's like all
clumped on his body and [ __ ] no [ __ ]
way that's totally snow no way is that
ash [ __ ] out of here
I get really confused about like what
dragons are supposed to be are they
supposed to be like these hyper
intelligent creatures like what is he
doing here does he realize that John is
coming to kill her
where does he just smell that he's John
and he's like I you're chilling bro out
and he just goes back to sleep or what I
don't know if they supposed to be ultra
smarter or just like memes or like cuz
like didn't make it because I mean the
mean people be like you saying is like
the dragons are smart but like Danny
literally to lock them up to keep them
from like [ __ ] even children like
what the [ __ ] then
we got John killing Danny here after
finally given our big old kiss she
doesn't really have anything to say
about it at all I guess
but okay she doesn't I guess tell
Mathers Dan he does we're gonna leave
now goodbye he just picks her up and
flies away why did this dumb [ __ ] John
why did you [ __ ] tell everybody that
he killed her what a stupid [ __ ] why
didn't you notice leave why would he
turn himself into the unsullied like
literally there are no witnesses why the
[ __ ] would he he could have just said
Danny was gone I never wanted it I don't
want it hey John scared there's so much
oh my god I give that like a three she's
my queen I get that like a three okay
this oh my god I got whiplash by how
many times people change their mind in
this [ __ ] thing like it feels like
somebody found like a loophole and gray
worms programming like that glitched
gray room was like we have John we're
not giving them back and they're like
well we need him back it's like never
that's never gonna happen and they're
like well [ __ ] what if a king made it
happen and he's like well sure that
would be okay and they're like okay well
we're gonna choose a king real quick so
that we can tell you to release him and
he's like oh [ __ ] okay I guess that okay
like what the [ __ ] it's so stupid
I don't understand I got like I got like
whiplash this whole scene there are so
many questions I have so many questions
about everything involving this scene I
don't even know where to begin
I'm not gonna lie also I don't know half
the [ __ ] people here anymore and that
maybe it's just because I'm bad with the
names and everything I may I don't even
[ __ ] know hold on
half of them are randos I don't think
they're randos okay
that's James Bond Daniel Craig this is a
totally dude I don't remember him at all
I'm not gonna lie
Aria I haven't seen this totally guy in
forever
Edie Edie Muir right
there's Aria [ __ ] brand but the same
expression on his face I'm [ __ ] the
whole like the past like three seasons
how do I make this way hold are not that
one
what do I push or think I hold this down
oh good job
that's a [ __ ] Emmy award-winning
actor right there
why do they call him why do they call
him brand the broken why not just why
did I just go ahead and call a [ __ ]
brand the crib crib why would you use
why would you define him by his [ __ ]
handicap oh my god that's so [ __ ]
weird bran the legless [ __ ] Hot
Wheels brand like why like why why that
name brand let's get ramped up Stark
also why do some of these people get to
be here who the [ __ ] is aria
why does Aria get to be here deciding
who the next thing to be or also or I
and I could be right maybe I'm just like
missing like the title is it like
Brienne why the [ __ ] does Brienne get to
decide this what is she doing here um
Davos I don't know if he should be here
um Gendry I guess he got the lands from
the Queen that just got melted is that
is that supposed to be Dario did he even
get to speak um I don't know who the
[ __ ] is that Stannis I don't know what
this I don't know but it's like this guy
is yaara o yaara also whiplash is really
hard we this is like [ __ ] teary and
like master of tongue or something like
yaar was like I pledged my allegiance to
Cersei no matter what the [ __ ] would
happen and I don't even know who said so
he was like dude come on dude chill like
she's gone and since she's like okay I
guess what's next like what did I say so
say I'm at Danny's high
I don't even remember what dumbass [ __ ]
and you will find thousands of unsullied
who believe that cities oh wait okay
hold on hold on did I miss a meme I'm
sorry I don't know anymore
when Davos was like what if we give you
guys your own land and let you make your
own house you they can't do that right
like none of them can have kids wouldn't
they go extinct after one after one
generation like when they all just
[ __ ] just died like what was the
point of that suggestion I am I am I
wrong or is there something
I'll say yeah I like our grandmother sir
was like you can't speak and then terian
like leaves this entire conversation
like I'm sure some of you may be quick
to forgive but the Ironborn are not she
freed us through a tyrant Cersei is gone
because of her and John Snoke was a
knife in her heart
let the unsullied give him what he
deserves say another word about killing
my brother and I'll cut your throat
please that's it then she's like oh well
[ __ ] I want to [ __ ] with that chick and
then she's just like chill and then
after that you like a [ __ ] each
other's throats lovin off I think my can
he make his own house dude he doesn't
have a dick why would you say that I
wonder if that made him more mad whoa
thousands of you thousands of them you
know how it ends we need to find a
better way payment justice who is even
leading the unsullied now is it this
grey worm dude do they even have a
leader now that um
Dany is dead
I didn't like this dialogue at all it's
not for you to just that's not for you
to decide I found a loophole hold on if
you guys just make a leader right now
he'll have to listen to that leader why
who the [ __ ] knows no one really knows
why but he does where rooms like people
are busters
where I was like yeah [ __ ] okay I guess
my programming won't allow me to say
otherwise what the [ __ ] what how do you
win that easily this is white gray room
was like I can't let him talk if he says
more than seven words he'll [ __ ]
convince me of anything I'm so [ __ ]
stupid holy [ __ ] no wonder he told him
that he should have read about [ __ ]
gagged what a dumb [ __ ] why does this
guy even get up to I didn't remember
anything about [ __ ] what did Ed miaar do
wasn't he just like a wasn't he just
like a prisoner for a long time or
something i legit don't remember it I
remember seeing this actor in earlier
season I just remember what the [ __ ] he
did was he the guy that got captured at
the with the by the Blackwater or
whatever were or a black fish not black
what'd I say
yeah okay [ __ ] this guy I don't even
know why the [ __ ] is here maybe these
are the only powerful Lords left why the
[ __ ] is Sam here cuz he's the last one
of it you had no one cares about what
you think Oh God or do they I don't even
know do maybe they do
I like this fourth wall breaking to
awake Oh ladies you kiss democracy a
system that we know what it works today
what doesn't work but it doesn't work in
dear time LOL everybody ill a little bit
dad like he might as well have just said
like well let's have a representative
democracy where we vote on our president
but and we won't have lineage and will
restricted to eight years and then
everybody could laugh and all of us in
the audience get a good sense of
dramatic irony because we know that he's
actually correct the democracy is
superior to this futile [ __ ] can I
get some LeMay owes can I get some LeMay
owes wait who is that guy who is that
guy that was just laughing who started
like I don't even know who that one was
you
know that one who is that guy
random dude is this the kid I thought
he'd die don't remember I'm sorry is he
the god [ __ ] what was the crazy chicks
Robin did he like grew up to be like a
cool dude is he still like a weird
[ __ ] kid that like drinks breast milk
like 20 years old or did he like grow up
to be like a decent guy why the [ __ ] is
he here
I don't know lol democracy [ __ ] the veil
okay no one cares about it well why does
he say brand it doesn't make any sense
at all why Brandon brands like duh
that's why the [ __ ] I'm here dawg I want
to be king I don't even understand why
people would bring him why did he even
come actually why didn't he just stay in
the [ __ ] north what did he tell Sam's
he's like hey dawg
trust me yeah I'm gonna need to be there
okay you're gonna see some crazy [ __ ] oh
my god oh no this seam do you ever have
are you ever ordering food with friends
and there's like ten of you and they're
passing around the phone and they're
ordering from like [ __ ] Jimmy John's
there's some [ __ ] mean to your
restaurant you're like I don't want any
[ __ ] food from this place and you
scroll through and you find a sandwich
you're like okay [ __ ] it I'll get this
[ __ ] and then like you give the phone to
the next person and then the next person
takes it and then the next person takes
it and they're like you're getting some
bomb-ass [ __ ] they're like hey like can
you scroll back and choose like Popeye's
on this app or some [ __ ] or something
better than [ __ ] Jimmy John's and
they're like oh yeah and you're like and
you're too shy to like say like wait can
I cancel my order I want to take it back
I didn't know I could I didn't know
could choose like another like another
thing I thought we had to pick from the
Jimmy John [ __ ] list why does she get to
declare why the [ __ ] does the North get
to remain free and why is everybody so
chill with this like how did the Iron
Islands succumb to the [ __ ] I don't
even think the Iron Islands were under
the [ __ ] Kings rule before were they
am I wrong I could be wrong but and and
[ __ ] Dorne and Dorne had nothing to
do with the crown before right don't
weren't they their separate Kingdom to
wait people are saying no was Dorne
under they were part of the Seven
Kingdoms
wait but where they still under the
crown wait Dorne in the iron wait hold
on wait Dorne was in - wait why is there
really seeing no then wait : was Dorne
independent or was Dorne under the crown
wait I can't tell because everybody's
saying the opposite should they were
independent longer than are at the
islands what a wonder his eyes drawn was
semi-autonomous try enjoying the Seven
Kingdoms in their own volition
they didn't get conquered by toydarians
Dorne was never conquered but they were
married into the anteroom okay gotcha
I don't know this I don't know why John
told anybody that he [ __ ] this [ __ ]
also why is the Nights Watch still the
thing what are they what are they
watching for her there will always be a
place for broken men
[Music]
I like how he only stays in the city to
see John go like the whole reason join
us to go north of the wall is because of
these guys and then they leave why you
where the [ __ ] is not that if you're
[ __ ] leaving then why the [ __ ] does
John snow have to leave like can't they
just get him on a boat and then like
drive them back like after a day or two
if these guys are [ __ ] off anyway
like you guys are all gone every single
generation regardless
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
people tried to defend the aria like the
Aria sailor plot I guess because she's
always been an adventurer but I don't
know that sounds kind of Mimi to me as
well I don't know I'm not sure about
that all right did art was arias
training really like of training and
like [ __ ] seamanship it really wasn't
like the assassin [ __ ] what would you
rather her do at this point kill
everybody in the story would be the best
thing for ru to do every single person
involved
she should have killed him one by one
yeah the lone wolf dies but the pack
survives I think that was a quote on
this show yeah I don't think she used
her didn't she only she used her
faceless abilities was it twice the
whole show was it only once or was it
twice I know she used them once in the
big hat to kill House Frey or whatever
what else did she use it did she use it
to kill the pedophile guy I thought she
just snuck in I could be wrong though I
don't get but she didn't really need to
use it to kill like the pedophile guy
she could have just snuck in and killed
him but like other than that she uses it
twice like
yeah she only used them in her own plot
lines she didn't do anything else with
her
are you one thing that was really weird
oh I guess this isn't true
I was gonna say one thing I was weird as
it are you had her a whole long plotline
to train to become super powerful I
thought it was so she could come back
and actually do something in the main
world but she doesn't nothing but that's
not true I guess she kills the night
king in one episode I forgot the long
winter the longest winter
Breanna's very quick to forgive as well
I thought the whole point okay you got
it's got to be one way the other so
Jamie redeems himself leave Cersei say
it goes to fight for the north because
he cares about the people okay cool so
Jamie's that Jamie's character arc is
one of redemption
but then Jamie says [ __ ] you bran I'm
going back south I never cared about
anyone else anyway okay so Jamie is
irredeemable but now at the end
Brianna's radically good things about
him so like what is it is he supposed to
be like a redeemed character or an
irredeemable character or damn like she
even defends like Cersei in the end a
little bit depending on how you read
this right like he dot what was the last
thing he died defending his Queen he
died protecting his quaint like Jesus
Christ that's like a is Brienne the
[ __ ] Pope she yeah this is like some
literal history revisionism going on
here I'm not comfortable with this this
didn't bother me as much it's kind of
dumb I gave it a 3 out of 5 I've dropped
my rating system by the way the tone of
this episode the tone of this show
shifts so much and not good feeling ways
like we have like the first like 40
minutes is like very dark and bleak and
then we get to this quasi I don't even
know how to describe the tone to this
[ __ ] cuz it's so [ __ ] bizarre and
then we move on to like our like a
[ __ ] like Curb Your Enthusiasm at the
end here where I don't even understand
anything that's happening here who did
the who did Sam say wrote that song of
ice and fire
some Meister Oh did not even important
cuz I felt like yeah cuz I felt like
when I heard the name wait so what was
the point of this whole meme what's this
a Song of Ice and Fire
awesome a story Bros history of the
walls following the death of King Robert
I hoped it with that title I suppose I'd
come into some heavy criticism please
kindly why would tarry and not be
mentioned at all uh Sam was helping to
write it and he's supposed to be a good
guy I guess he's just something lol [ __ ]
tyrion joke this is a pretty [ __ ]
cringe where is the twitter where's the
where's the twitter post with all the
white people in the bars it's clap and
watch Game of Thrones I bet when they
said was hi guys I bet everybody was
like does any of it like I know where
are the links I know there's like a link
to people clapping in a [ __ ] bar
watching it come on I see on the one
with a dog wait why am why did the dog
lose its ear again ghoster is that even
his name was there like a scene I don't
remember what did it happen like
specifically here did he get burned
zombies Battle of Winterfell it charged
him with a Dothraki Oh
so it doesn't like specifically show it
Peter the disciple cut it off
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
what's this a Song of Ice and Fire
oh no it needed the audience cheering
there [ __ ] three of the walls following
the death of King Robert I hugged it
with that title I suppose I commend to
some heavy criticism oh I wouldn't say
that he's kind to me never would have
guessed
hey you want what did we say about I
don't believe you mentioned
[Applause]
I'm so confused by so much of this why
it's brought in the mess I know
everybody said it but why how Tyrion is
smart why would he make him the master
of coin this is like the yeah it's like
the wacky Council
why is he also why is he in charge of
Highgarden I know they promised it to
him but they should always keep him out
of it or giving it to like a real dude
like I feel like that's not probably a
good look for Highgarden like does he
know anything about running like isn't
that supposed to be one of the
wealthiest lands like in the [ __ ]
kingdom like then bran comes in here for
his [ __ ] meme one thing I also didn't
understand was like it was something
that would've been a little bit better
is if it would have been a little more
cheeky with with John getting sent like
north of the wall it's like I thought
like it would have been cooler if they
if everybody would have understood that
John like really wants to go north of
the wall cuz it seems like that's what
he wants to do anyway right but I but I
can't tell like at the very very very
very very end and the credits they make
it seem like John is happy where he is
maybe but I it's still really hard to
tell and especially leading up that it
definitely doesn't seem like a good
thing I feel like I thought I feel like
I feel like he has no aspirations at all
yeah it feels like John is like nothing
I don't know
yeah maybe he'll run into Uncle Benjen
again is he confirmed dead I don't
remember yeah he doesn't look happy yeah
I almost expected like um I almost
expected when Tyrion sent when Tyrion
said he was going on to the wall I
almost expected Jon to almost smirk at
him and for them to like exchange like a
knowing look like with them knowing like
oh they think it's a punishment but I
know you'll be happy to but instead Jon
seems a miserable like the whole time
and then like I don't know I'm so
confused for everything
also I like how he got away from like
monarchs and [ __ ] controlling the lands
but somehow John is like rolling beyond
the wall Sal says the king of the north
and bran stark is well and what changed
with bran why did bran go from I don't
want to be the leader of House Stark to
I'll lead the Seven Kingdoms or six
kingdoms where Seven Kingdoms I guess
cuz son so I'll probably do whatever
like okay are you ready for the one
thing that would have saved not save
Game of Thrones but it would have
brought the ending up from a two out of
ten to a four point five out of ten the
one thing here it is okay the one ending
it's one image I want to see who can
guess the image okay the image that I'm
thinking of someone in chat someone in
chat oh [ __ ] wait didn't you do it
before
who is this guy are you in my head
didn't I ask a question before dusk
route King and you guessed like the
exact thing it would have been brand
looking into the camera and his eyes
turning blue
just barely at the end and you would
have realized that brands entire art was
that he was the one playing in the game
of Thrones because he was always the
night king and that he wanted to get
control of the kingdom that would have
been like the [ __ ] meme there was
nowhere near enough in the show to
actually like build up to it but that
would have actually been like a son it
would have been like a more me me
[ __ ] Oh everyone was spamming this in
chat oh [ __ ] I can I remind them that
would have been so bad now it would have
been better than this what the [ __ ] then
everybody on ironically agreeing to make
brand the [ __ ] [ __ ] literally brand the
broken brand the legless brand the no
Walker brand the two wheeler the biggest
is Christ that brand has no army oh yeah
wait is there even an army anymore the
unsullied all [ __ ] drove off and I
don't even know where the Dothraki are
going they don't have like a Khaleesi
thing to follow my [ __ ] Twitter is
broken
yeah on yeah I don't know what I don't
know what Bren was doing the entire time
this whole [ __ ] season but somehow he
wound up the king
branmer's med came because he brought
his own perón what happened to are you
on her face junior bars so are you kind
of forgot about her ability to change
faces legit the Dothraki should have
just raped and burned the Seven Kings
that John and dragged him back to keep
them in line
what was the point of Tyrion not being
mentioned of the books in the end I
think it was just literally for like an
audience laughs mean brain kind of
forgot about not wanting to be king
what's the deal with drogon [ __ ] off
I don't know I guess like sometimes the
dragons are hyper intelligent the reason
why are you set off for the West she set
off for America because two new people
were added to the list David Benioff and
DB Weiss we sat on president I didn't
want it I don't want it burn me I don't
understand the dragon became so sentient
in the end the dragon became so
intelligent I don't understand it I
don't know my queen why was John so just
[ __ ] character oh my god I don't
understand what happened
where's bran just working it's a nothing
during the night king battle I don't
know a dude not everything just forget
about everything regarding the night
Kings plot because it was a disaster
also I loved all the questions that will
never be answered
like everything regarding the night King
is now just whatever we never get to
know I guess
and then like everything regarding like
bran and the three-eyed Raven I guess we
also don't get to know much about stupid
man I can't believe the Allah just won't
live because technically Jon could just
get another army of wildlings that go
Marquess algorri I don't know whatever
dude destiny what the [ __ ] is this
fanfiction why would Jon march south I
don't know being ordered out I just
don't know why I like sending him north
of the wall is a big of a deal
I don't just seems stupid I don't know
everything about this show is dumb I'm
glad we're done I'm glad we're done
[Music]
