Hey what's going on dude yeah heard
you're finally ready to join the
Minecraft ever dude point finally ready
to join the minecraft server what you
mean I'm speculating
what's up doing how you doing I'm doing
great I think my voice is a little I
lost my voice cuz I was screaming at
screaming at propagandist last night all
night as I'm sure I think you saw yeah
we watch the whole thing huh oh you did
whole thing well first of all I'm
honored I'm glad that you uh you took
the time out and debate prep that I
heard that you didn't like a lot of my
my points or you didn't like all of it
um no I mean I think most your points
were pretty good it's more more just
like communicating propaganda
effectively I guess oh yeah
I mean it's so I mean I'm easy it's it's
really like the main the main points
that I like the main issues that I had
with Charlie were outright lying about
certain information every now and then
and then Gish galloping non-stop and in
throwing up completely unrelated
throwing up completely unrelated
statistics bringing up how great the
American economy is and every single
time I turned around I was like this has
nothing to do with the point I'm making
he would then move the goalposts to a
completely different perspective he
would just run away from answering
questions every time I asked them
pointed questions it was just basically
first of all the room was full of Trump
supporters as I'm sure you gathered from
the applause every single time
Charlie would just go back to the same
talking points over and over again
which were his tweets essentially which
could easily be summarized as capitalism
good socialism bad without necessarily
like even though I would break down
exactly the differences and say like
look this is a social democracy I'm not
advocating for full socialism there
actually I don't think full socialism
has ever been completely a mastered
there are different variants and
whatever it didn't matter because he
kept ignoring my points and he just kept
saying his stuff over and over and over
again so it was like one side trying to
have a conversation while the other side
was just there to disseminate missing
for me
to these hordes of hogs sitting in the
crowd [ __ ] like [ __ ] clapping like
Pavlovian dogs dude every single time
they were like yeah [ __ ] unions they
were booing me because of unions yeah I
mean that's sounds like a conservative
talking point yeah I mean like I say
you've like correctly identified kind of
like the primary strategies and they're
very very hard
keep in mind first of all that anything
I say like I don't trust me of all the
people in the world I acknowledge that
this is way [ __ ] harder to deal with
in a live format then to be sitting on
the sidelines watching it's very easy
for me to pick out problems when I was
watching yeah so yeah so so keep in mind
if I say anything like obviously I
totally recognize that doing this in a
life event like I watch my debate
sometimes like oh [ __ ] like why didn't I
[ __ ] catch that like there's so
obvious is so dumb oh yeah no for sure
the guy washer debates all-time and and
you know there's there certainly like
there's certainly on the spot there
certainly elements that you like can't
get to and and the same happen with me
as well yeah and by the way no like be
as brutal as you want because I want
constructive criticism especially
because I'm gonna be debating if Charlie
doesn't back out out to this I'm gonna
be debating him in Dallas and also in
Mesa and in Denver in November during
the midterms after the midterm so I'm
really excited because I need to do a
lot more a lot more of these debates
like this is something that I haven't
ever done before Lima the first time I
ever did a debate was literally in front
of a live audience last year at Politico
know with Charlie and I didn't do a
really good job defending my perspective
but I did a good job of like kind of
unmasked him a little bit trolling him a
little bit getting him angry getting him
on his toes but this year I I was I came
prepared
and I don't know if I focused enough I'm
like actually embarrassing him yeah so
the thing that you have to um the thing
that you have to first figure out is
like why are you there like what is your
goal like are you there to have a debate
where you prove him wrong on an issue
are you there to look good for the
audience or are you there to hash out
and settle like actually debate like
really like 1 or 2 like concrete points
that's like the first thing because how
you how what your ultimate goal is is
going to completely determine the
a rhetorical route that you take you
know there's not a right answer to this
either by the way it could be whatever
you want it to be oh yeah I know my I
have two goals okay one is winning
winning in the marketplace of ideas know
what I mean you laugh but like people
like Bernie did it so I mean it's really
important like I said there are no wrong
answers here yeah absolutely
so one is the primary goal there is
potentially winning over you know the
40-40-20 concept where it's like 23 who
said that what did you get that from
I don't know I i I've I don't know
exactly what it is but like my oh [ __ ]
no I know what you're talking about
that's my concept I even call it a
40-40-20 [ __ ] who's ripping my [ __ ] yeah
but I know exactly you're talking about
but yeah but it's like it's just like
the well I I've never thought about it
in like exact defined metrics but I'm
saying like as far as like they're
impartial people in audience okay
so my goal not only in inside of that
room but also as an aftermath like after
on the Internet to win over some people
who are impartial who look at that and
go oh wow like I learned a lot about
socialism today and this guy looked
embarrassing on the other side and and
and I think the other dude like compose
himself presented himself in a really
like intellectual capacity he did a good
job and he showed he taught me things
that I didn't necessarily think about
before and the other element is just
like owning the cons or owning the libs
even every now and then if that's what's
necessary and and and create like a
highlight reel because that is
absolutely successful as far as
propaganda goes and I think we need to
be doing more of that on the left so
that's essentially what it is this is
not an this is not an intellectual
conversation between two peers who
genuinely want to solve a problem but
this is for entertainment for the most
part mmm-hmm but I want to use that that
element of entertainment that where
people tune in and use that for for for
educating people share not necessarily
just educating people on like how to
debate conservatives which is important
but also educating people on just
allowing them to find allowing them to
look at things in a more open-minded way
especially when it comes to
analyzing and approaching socialism
okay sure yeah I mean that's fine so do
you understand how he functions do you
see kind of what his game is yeah so I
mean you can break it down even further
but I think his game is Gish galloping
and just exclusively [ __ ] we're
playing to the crowd for applauses he
even times out as applause breaks in the
intro if you saw it like yep comedians
do this it's very smart to do this yeah
yeah yeah he knows exactly what's gonna
get an applause break he is like crafted
his messaging for every single issue he
has probably accomplished on like 30
improper data points that he can pull
yeah when he started going on about
certain things like when he started
going into LASIK I know the exact
YouTube video when we were watching it
on stream I'm using exact YouTube video
that he was referring to it's a John
Stossel it's not it is a John Stossel
like like I brought up the video
on-screen we watch like two minutes of
it and he repeated every single talking
point verbatim so yeah as long as I'm
like you I look at this [ __ ] all the
time obsessively from like Thomas owl
and like blacks on welfare all the way
to like all these other conservative
thinkers and like how they create their
talking points but that one wasn't
something I had heard before but it
doesn't matter it's just such a [ __ ]
small focus like it has nothing to do
with the conversation that I was trying
to yeah it had nothing to do with the
conversation that I I wanted to have as
far as like health care like overall
health care or even like a social
democracy there was plenty of points
where I was some people in my chatter
saying assign you should drop socialism
and go with social democracy if he's
gonna be arguing for social democracy
yeah that was that was an interesting
thing to like he can he kept conflating
social democracies the [ __ ] like
Mao's China yeah so like so his goal
what the way that he functions right
conservatives are so [ __ ] good at this
okay and I don't say if I ever say
liberal no no okay so Democrats also
Democrat so I'll try to be clear my
terminology so Democrats historically
have been very bad at this
Republican slash conservatives have been
very good at this is is having
have your play like I've seen it like a
fallout game like a Bethesda game video
game yes yeah okay so like you know when
you start talking to an NPC they have
like pre-programmed dialogue trees this
is what this is what a conservative is
ice up there is so many times in the
debate where he started to do this and I
wasn't sure
and again like I can identify this time
watching with the sidelines it's harder
in person for like when he would start
saying things like oh you want to talk
about a unitary but like Finland Sweden
Norway it's like oh god here it comes -
like it's always the same [ __ ] life
yeah it's always the same like Venezuela
like just like it's the same rehearsed
dialogue tree as soon as he like as soon
as you let him go he will like launch
into a tirade that's like his
pre-planned you know five eight wait you
can almost like it's almost like when
I'm chris Christie like deeper or not
not deprogrammed but like identified
like Rubio's programming during the
debate went when do you remember that
during the Republican debates when when
Chris Christie called out Rubio for like
here goes his pre-planned speech and
Rubio went into the same like you know
to it yeah it's like one of those things
except conservatives actually do this on
ironically like all the [ __ ] time if
you want to have a debate there's two
things there's well there's like three
different ways you can kind of approach
this so the most effective way is
actually um what Bernie Sanders does so
what Bernie Sanders does is like if you
want to talk about like social democracy
or you want to talk about like liberal
like Democrat talking points that [ __ ]
is insanely [ __ ] complicated okay
it's too much to do and win a debate
you're always gonna get like out winded
by your opponent who can just hammer
home a few good talking points right
the thing that you do to take the wind
out of out of the sails of somebody
that's going to get calop a million
[ __ ] facts at you is to pose them
questions at the end that everybody in
the audience can identify with so for
instance Bernie Sanders would always
hammer home like the same three talking
points why are the 1% getting richer and
richer why can nobody afford health care
why does it feel like all of our jobs
suck right like these are the things
they did hammer home you can pose these
questions on the backend of every single
thing that Charlie says and I think he
comes out looking worse for it so when
Charlie says is 50 million like all the
economy blah blah blah blah blah 85
percent of small business mother was
like okay well why is it then if we have
all this stuff why can't we afford
health care for our people why can't we
afford decent education what because
you're giving me all these numbers that
saying everything is good but for
some reason you know nobody can afford a
college education on going $150,000 in
debt like why you know like yeah I watch
the whole thing yeah oh you did okay so
like in the in in the beginning in the
beginning I I started off identifying
the problem and also backing up with
data like talking about you know the
rate of the the number of people living
in poverty in this country the number of
people living in extreme poverty in this
country and like I think I saw one of
your highlighted clips where you were
like oh yeah that's a good point that
you made as far as the as far as like
saying what who cares what our GDP is if
people are you know yeah that was one of
the few times where you need you have to
take the wind out of his sails cuz if
he's gonna sit there and throw a million
facts at you you've got to be ready to
question it and like he does it so much
it's it every time friends are like this
is something I were to call about it
every time I hear him say like oh I'm
35,000 different donors because it
really well what percentage of those
donors our country are making up like
the whole of your donation based sort of
right like you say you've got 35,000
donors well what percentage of your
money comes from like a few donors right
like these on his campaign when he was
running against Cynthia Nixon where
people correctly count called him out
for having massive donors for the most
part he went in and he got like one of
his what are the people in his campaign
went in and purchased and made like 69
donations at one dollar in order to like
you know in order to muddy up the data
and make it seem as though there were
more donors than more small donors and
they do this all the time and that's
precisely what Charlie's doing as well
they know how to [ __ ] operate because
Turning Point USA is essentially a dark
money super PAC that exclu that serves
the exclusive purpose of disseminating
conservative propaganda points but also
eating even worse than that and this is
admitted and this is something I called
him out last year in the political
debate which he lied directly to my face
about is that they want to change their
a super PAC that aims to to change the
outcomes of college campus elections
student student body like they wanna
they want a non representative student
governing body and they do that through
funding millions of dollars in to call
campus elections all around the country
Charlie has admitted I think in 2015
where he said openly where he openly
admitted hey we're not gonna change the
students minds we're not going to get
the teachers fired because they're
tenured but what we can do is change the
student the the governing body of the
the the student government that's
essentially what he was doing and and I
think his Democrats are trying to do it
with immigration
I know and then what's it's all
projection yeah I know
absolute projection and they do a really
good job at it because on the one hand
they're doing it flagrantly and then on
the other hand they're accusing the
Democrats of doing it and it doesn't
matter because if you do enough racial
agitation these [ __ ] hogs are gonna
sit back and say hey you know what this
is fine because at least like they're
protected my best interest you know what
I mean yeah but yeah he's admitted that
and also I think the number is two point
two million dollars in a 2015 pamphlet
that they were handing out to their
donors Jane Mayer found out on a New
Yorker investigation that they literally
were spending 2.2 million dollars on
college campus student elections nice
yeah
so it's ridiculous but yeah as far as
like as far as the talking points go
though like I don't know what else did
you I don't know how to [ __ ] shut him
the [ __ ] up you know what I mean yeah I
mean like basically in a live debate
format like that they're never gonna let
you shut down a Gish gala because you're
because the thing is the thing that
sucks like it's so it's such an
effective debate trick because for you
to shut down a Gish Gallup you have to
come off cross as an [ __ ] you've got
to interrupt your opponent so friends is
like when I bring on people to debate it
like I very clearly I'll say at the very
beginning if I ever say anything that
you disagree with interrupt me
immediately and we can discuss that
premise because I don't don't let me
keep going if you two screws something
and then I'm going to do the same to you
because what happens is is when you
allow somebody to get calop you you've
lost the argument before you can even
respond right if you want to if we want
to talk about like blacks in America and
you let me say okay let's talk about
blacks well firstly it's 100 percent
statistically proven that they have
genetically inferior IQ secondly every
single black person across worlds
committed at least three murders for
eclis every single black person across
the world has 16 on which shows every
single bubble and then I do that and
then the N is like how can you defend
black people it's like holy
[ __ ] well okay well hold on I gotta go
back to the very [ __ ] first thing you
said we're gonna spend five minutes
arguing that point if I'm wrong on even
a single sub point in that first point
it's gonna feel like I've lost every
single point like you absolutely can
never ever if you're trying to have a
real debate and the other guy is
engaging in get out you always lose you
can't win it's just it's not winnable
even if you're correct on everything
you'll never win that debate ever it's a
very effective tactic
yeah that's precisely what happened but
but I think even despite all of that
there were certain moments where I would
interject if I if I caught something not
necessarily just like a prop Oh God when
he said that Cubans have a fifteen-year
lesser lifespan that Americans love just
not true the Cuban health care system is
is well one one of my favorite one of my
favorite talking points are one of my
favorite components of like the Cuban
flex on the health care system is that
they send more dog export a lot of
health care yeah yeah they send more
doctors to areas the disenfranchised
areas then America does like at least
one more I think in every instance not
not like a higher rate of doctors like
more doctors as a totality Oh something
that you you almost did but eventually
he got away from it it's you got a hold
his feet to the fire when he makes
sometimes there I wish I could remember
cuz I was maybe Sonny Chow remember
there was one time we you almost got him
on this where like when he says some
real dumb [ __ ] you got a [ __ ] to make
him justify it and you were so close
sometimes my favorite one was I think
well that that was an okay one but an
even better one because if it's on a
claim that he made is when he said the
Democrat policies were causing black
people kill each other in Chicago I
really want to hear a causal chain for
how advocating for free education leads
to gangsters killing other people in the
street I really want to hear that story
because that sounds fascinating to me I
