I spoke and Sony used a man it was her
idea I'm a horny 14 year old Jesus
Christ I can't Herman and people were
saying like well the experiment proves
that like most people like don't take
the time to appreciate like good music
or whatever but the reality is is that
nobody gives a [ __ ] about this [ __ ] ass
old [ __ ] [ __ ] anymore why the [ __ ]
are you still playing it learn new music
learn new music don't play old [ __ ]
boring as [ __ ] that nobody [ __ ] cares
man even when [ __ ] romantic music
rolled around they weren't listening
that Mozart [ __ ] anymore they wanted
some fresh new [ __ ] [ __ ] and when
oppression of [ __ ] rolled around they
didn't want that Moran take [ __ ] anymore
why are you playing [ __ ] old as music
over 20 years ago you're surprised
nobody wants to [ __ ] listen to it
yeah why'd you ring me I'm just really
lonely okay what are you doing then I'm
reading papers about NAFTA the North
American Free Trade Agreement and its
economic impacts on our three countries
you want to join me I've gotta help my
mom I told you later likely Thanks just
about your perspective also I just want
to thank you you've given me the in
arguments I needed to maintain an
incestuous relationship with my sister
or something no problem buddy have fun
pics out good inspiration all right look
like fine
destiny ex what do you guys like Seng
for what are you guys doing
why am I getting meme done destiny is
down to funk oh no I told Lily we're
gonna go to dent I phone tonight not
down to [ __ ] you [ __ ] morons
oh now I don't know how that's gonna be
read last thing is have you ever heard
of Richard Andy no Richard Andy Dick
Andy Dick Andy's nuts in your face
got him shouldn't you say what's wrong
with that I think it's a first and
foremost a longtime fan of MORTAL KOMBAT
I think that's not Jack's Jack has
always been a soldier an officer he has
served
he has never been racist that way no how
did we go down to the level zero [ __ ]
stupid [ __ ] take so quickly Oh yikes
nevermind this is dumb we're not gonna
grant anything looking good
push-up is about 60 to 70 percent of
your body weight so if he weighs like
200 kilos he's basically benching
basically that's the good
at least it's you play bench right and a
cup of rice now this is fairly niggardly
in rice but if you want a bit another
cup of people this is actually a real
word that has I don't think it even has
a racist connotation to it but it's
that's a that's a probably not a word
that I would choose to use of all the
types of words we could use today I'm
not saying that kids have like [ __ ]
five years old or like [ __ ] like
you're like Nathan it was like [ __ ]
two handing us off like time to paint
the [ __ ] wall like obviously kids
aren't like [ __ ] going at it like
hardcore [ __ ] trying to ejaculate over
the [ __ ] house here's my nuclear tape
without having looked into the
Democratic candidates at all here comes
my nuclear ultra nuclear nuclear nuclear
take holy [ __ ] holy nukes they're going
off right now put your glasses on to
shield yourself from the blast cuz you
will be blinded by this nuclear take
okay I wonder if Biden will make it
through all of the primaries because
he'll be carried by the black vote
hardcore because of his relationship
with Obama kind of like Hillary sort of
was with her relationship with Clinton I
wonder I wonder I wonder wait what who
hacked my shoe this is like bad words
and I don't endorse any of this here's
when I log into my account so should I
just like make a new account or like you
don't want because [ __ ] girls will
stick whatever the [ __ ] in their vagina
they can find
timba who join hello only boring get a
freaking life get a job wait what do you
do
no no no i-i've had it before I hate
that I had that I tried it I don't like
it I already tried it I can't I'll throw
you off the balcony
I can't men are behind in times do you
understand we're behind I'm telling you
women are actually smart they're smarter
smarter can you believe they bind
together hey buddy it's my birthday on
Thursday what are you going to get me
I'm happy birthday sell it at 49 I'll
get you a big middle finger as a vine
plant it's actually easy to do this if
you're quitting order point no [ __ ]
[ __ ] no [ __ ] [ __ ] no [ __ ] [ __ ] you
sure your violin player not a viola
player because you sound pretty [ __ ]
stupid obviously if you record the auto
beforehand it's not hard to make it look
like you're [ __ ] playing and dance
around sure right the claim is that you
can play and dance this well at the same
time though that's the claim that's what
would be really really really really
really difficult to do but I don't think
so what I'm guessing is you probably
record the whole [ __ ] performance and
then you dance and you kind of like not
like you like lip sync with your violin
I'm sure she's like fingering the right
notes or whatever but is she actually
playing is are you hearing the sound
right now of her playing or is it a
pre-recorded performance if she's like
playing along with Jesus [ __ ] I think I
like printed squadron pawns I think so
okay I don't know how it looks to you
guys okay but like I had the impression
that like when I was looking at it like
at its meanest that like this was like
it's mustache and this was like it's big
open mouth and then it was just giving
me five middle fingers like the whole
time it was like really upset it was
just like perpetually like pissed off at
me and like its whole existent was like
flipping me off on the floor there's
just like really it was very aggressive
here's a question how do you feel about
second Amendment rights do you think the
Second Amendment really important okay
yeah there's a really [ __ ] weird
dream that me and Taber were training
every morning so that we could run
faster because there was an ice cream
truck that would come by our house every
day but it would drive by really fast
and the only way to catch it would be to
run super fast so we're like training to
try to like every time the ice cream
truck come I would try to run as fast as
I could outside to like catch up to him
we never could give our problems
sometimes or every game you play having
a huge [ __ ] yet no [ __ ] easy and
actually like bothers the [ __ ] out of me
like at ease scrambling
right now oh wait never a can't take it
[ __ ] you [ __ ] shooter as new [ __ ]
interesting that happens over the course
of how many years so I got my internship
best music and May of 2007 wait and
we're sorry we're kind of falling it's
like lagging like just a little bit okay
try again okay sorry could you could you
oh man yeah so I started around May of
2007 you actually [ __ ] me so hard
holy [ __ ] I [ __ ] can't wait I'm gonna
lure you into some [ __ ] bed oh look
this go on to do bondage play with you
mister when your dumb ass I kinda think
it even though nobody would [ __ ] you
with a [ __ ] staff I'm caught in
Gondor dude nobody would even come near
you and I'm gonna tie you up on my
[ __ ] cut your [ __ ] limbs off you
[ __ ] stupid piece of [ __ ] because
based on the way you play baby you don't
[ __ ] use them anyway holy [ __ ] it's
so [ __ ] stupid
[Music]
he's talking about the effect when a sex
is significantly higher effect than the
other
yeah but that doesn't make sense if one
is legalized and okay and the other
isn't that would be like saying why
can't I rape you with my 2-inch dick if
you have a boyfriend with a 9-inch dick
like if that guy could [ __ ] you with all
nine inches I should be able to rape you
with - like it's really small compared
to like the normal dick that you take it
doesn't make any [ __ ] sense oh my god
there's gonna be one of mr. most
embarrassing losses yet if I can check
this [ __ ] out oh yeah you're at the
combs oh yeah it begins oh no it does
he's like what do I do
this gets oh [ __ ] oh my god
what is even happening it's pretty
amen same here if I don't get at least
20 I don't get at least 20 subs right
now we're never gonna see another League
of Legends team again let's go guys
I need at least 20 subscribers or we're
gonna stop playing League of Legends
forever I'm basically asking like what
is the policy solution to reducing lies
in the media or dishonesty or whatever
it is that you think the problem is I
don't know what else you do why you guys
Collin you asked me like how do you fix
lying in the media like how do you make
people good I don't know how can I
possibly have an answer to that I have
no [ __ ] idea I don't know maybe you
make a council to hold people to come up
well how do you do that couldn't they do
bad things and maybe it'll be certain by
I don't know this is like [ __ ] I have no
idea like okay here we go
I'm given a lot of nuclear takes this
week you want a nuclear level take I
think that if you're an American and
you're voting for politicians that are
like pro foreign intervention ilysm and
stuff I think that you should be forced
to watch not say for like videos of
stuff that America does overseas I think
you should be forced to watch like
children like crawling around with with
their legs and shouldn't blown off or
like their entrails like leaking out or
like watching the effects of like I
think that should be stuff that you have
to watch if you're gonna vote in favor
of it I actually get like maybe the
sense of gate key P but I actually get
really [ __ ] irritated when Americans
cry about how like graphic the violence
of something is but then they go and
they vote for policies that essentially
commit that and in other countries I
think that should absolutely be required
if you can't watch it if you can't even
look at it you shouldn't be allowed to
vote for people to do with other people
[ __ ] that [ __ ]
[Music]
