- what's up you know what the [ __ ]
whose hair is this what are we doing in
that in twitch chat boys no not switched
I mean did you teach that [ __ ] off - its
joke
this sandwich is [ __ ] what the [ __ ] is
this it shows like falling apart it
supposed to be a croissant
what a [ __ ] build it's not a [ __ ]
build a croissant sandwich not good boy
welcome to destiny after dark where I
answer all of the burning questions you
have what do you got for me guys hit me
with the tough ones
how girthy is your brain very girthy
what is your favorite color blue why is
my peepee hard I'm not looking forward
to New Zealand yeah don't you just want
more bands I've been a lot of people ask
their kitties I really like them both I
don't know how you choose to be art
before after a girl sees your peanut
have a girl judges your dick by what it
looks like when it's soft or how why do
your thighs I have no idea where a
medium size pants so oh wait no I should
know this pisanio a pinch shopping I
think I really got 30 dirty for like a
32 32 or 31 31 something like that I
look like a [ __ ] disaster
[ __ ] oh my god what is happening this is
horrible
like look at this [ __ ] their shows
falling apart I should have gotten this
I get like a special assistance lady
coming up to me God [ __ ] in another part
is Capello oh I'm not happy I'm not
happy with this never again am i buying
this croissant
thing that's not even good want to cloak
the thought [ __ ] this [ __ ]
goodbye croissant sandwich
this is my show right here simply
lemonade [ __ ] it's not that good I
changed my mind
it's not my ship I shoulda bought the
normal one I've made so many bad
decisions Wow Rock puppy thanks for just
subscribing dog howling Zelenko mom I
think it's like it's like six hours to
Minneapolis and then I think I go like
one and a half hours Minneapolis table
am I in Germany no honey desktop screams
oh [ __ ] I left my webcam I was gonna
grab that too
I guess I can buy one well New Zealand I
mean my laptop has a camera but
apparently the camera is like at the
bottom of the screen so I don't know
it'll be weird but I have a yeah bruh my
left hook man I don't know hundra
dollars does he do it Apple cheese and
I'll answer one question for you what
are you doing in New Zealand I've got a
friend that basically wanted me to come
out for a couple weeks because I needed
a break from LA hello that was like a
month ago so but whatever I figure I'll
still do it cuz I got this cuz I got
this like kind of mobile sponsor no that
wants to have em haven't I saw this
product what sponsor well it's not like
a sponsor sensical like tvu is basically
giving me to like $8,000 devices to try
streaming these the mobile device I have
where are you going I'm going to New
Zealand and then I'll just be going
North and South Island just driving
around I don't know kind of airplane
you're on majestic go for it can you
come down Molina is a very nice person
okay oh like what town will I land in
Auckland and then I'll just drive around
I guess gonna buy Australian or New
Zealand New Zealand I don't think I've
said I was training a single time I know
where do I strumming on an airport I
mean not really big eyes quick round
over show my screen okay one of the
people from anything on the like
streaming
that's my beard look broken
my family New Zealand but they're
enormous nice people think you're weird
I don't know I don't think so no
generally probably fly into the cyclone
that's headed to New Zealand in a few
days cool what airport are you in your
mom calm [ __ ] God I need more
definition on the under lip part of you
hey okay let me just go ahead and define
that out dude am I going to see anything
particularly New Zealand nope exactly
dr. Friedman why because we have facial
hair and busts thank you my dude make
sure it's a nice expose of airport lists
I have a priority pass card but I have
no idea what the [ __ ] I guess we can do
so I don't know I said I don't even hope
I brought it with me it's tight it
should get me into some largest but I
don't know what they are not embarrassed
to walk up and like it projected so are
you supervising your baggage yep it's
right here
you like exploring airports not really
in my bag is really [ __ ] heavy
holy [ __ ] because I've got like all the
batteries on this Jamie cuts in it I
think my uh if I had to guess I said
that bag weighs like sixty or seventy
pounds
how'd you like to tell about flying
that's to the pregnant first and even
carry a bag that heavy a nice big
extreme at the zoo yell trailer I think
there are a couple of uh
I think there are a couple of exhibits
that still are fine in the winter like
the desert dome will be fine I know that
hang a 70 pound bag over your head as
hard as [ __ ] why don't I carried over my
head eating a leg lifting this be a $30
credit of PF Changs with your sis on
fire priority fest cool
bring your first able to grow a beard
and all the [ __ ] 20 I need candy guys
what should we get
cause I own those peanut butter Eminem's
but they're only good when they're cold
if we got a bag of Skittles here a lot
of purse with your carry-on
well what I'm gonna try to swing is I
have my we have my big-boy bag I'm gonna
have like my camera bag I might have my
laptop so technically you're allowed one
carry-on like a laptop and like a purse
so I'm gonna say that the camera bag is
my purse and then the bag is my laptop
and then this bag is mine carry on we'll
see how it works it's summer in New
Zealand yeah but in Nebraska's fullest
[ __ ] so I my coat all the battery packs
are vacant Heidi yeah they already
pulled him out of security
destiny read the yellow text I don't
even sit on my phone I'm sorry what
happened okay hold on like wait it's not
that quick
recent events
Oh Apple cheese actually done in $100
why little loser thanks Lyle everybody
wait I can't bring up my recent events
did he ask me a question - anything What
did he say he said your mom is gay
Oh Oh in the bottom right look my some
things are working correctly now okay
he's high coming a [ __ ] says 2010 oh
he said no one loved however being a
general piece of [ __ ] have you really
been that big a piece of [ __ ] are you
drinking or anything
Oh see the side wall video game up quit
yeah man I spent it like I started like
you to being like random [ __ ] Game of
Thrones stuffs after that I miss game
with those season was so much fun dude
it was so much better
oh my god any plans for New Zealand no
pretty much they're like a few people
that I know that I'm just gonna be like
kind of falling around all the time I'm
not gonna show me around I don't have
anything like set in stone what do you
used to do in waiting for a plane I've
got my laptop and play for us punk or
some [ __ ]
Wow no problem an apple cheese you walk
around into out history things for
content [ __ ] that are you getting
something for a New Zealand I didn't say
that guys first jobs
how many pastors in your flight from New
Zealand citizens I don't know I'm going
to Omaha so probably not very many never
looked me in my eyes for so long before
a nice man Omaha to see my [ __ ] kid I
haven't seen him in like a month
how rich before you start chartering
probably never I still fly economy [ __ ]
that [ __ ] I don't waste money on
airplanes painting special plane in New
Zealand for the millionth time no you
have legal any left up no but I
shouldn't
you think the second debate will benefit
him more saying as he spend our shave
your ass cheeks now are getting Nathan's
dreams yeah I should see him in about 12
hours okay or maybe 10 hours and then my
goal is to pick him up from school he
doesn't know I'm coming so I'll pick him
up to school and then I'll go to the zoo
and I'll try to stream them actually
made 99 fletching good job buddy I grab
the debate soccer while traveling maybe
what girls I'm gonna go to the zoo
oh hey chef direct to the nation para
video is joining a person by side wrong
nope
are you sure he has school tomorrow it's
Presidents Day yeah he does he's like
got a have like a club thing did he said
because his mom was working she got the
200 500 millimeter lens for the zoo no
but I got like I think it's like a ten
to thirty two zoom lens does Nathan ever
check of your streaming I don't think he
knows how to do that yet or does I Plus
Muslim ice cream to be really boring
friend waking me to crisps Christ Church
I have no idea
do you sell your old house no original
Nathan living it right now what was the
first time you ate a sign oh I remember
what your mom from Nebraska
[Music]
mom died of cancer when I was in the
eighth grade I was ever do with anything
I [ __ ] him I'm like five years ago
you're a freshman high school now right
yeah he got why do you do for food on
planes I just sleep ninja okay
would you debate ben shapiro yeah sure I
gotta get some candy guys do you think
people are gonna steal my [ __ ] if I walk
away for a second why New Zealand I
don't know because I've got a friend
that reached out to me from there never
was it a third world country no I got
abducted or some [ __ ] and [ __ ] is areas
[ __ ] I watched all three taking movies
do we're gonna go on a diet again oh
yeah now that I got my silence about
trying to watch what I eat
think I'm like pretty stuck it like 145
no I need to get a scale though just to
make sure but from all of my five foot
what are you just [ __ ] guessing what
weight you are I can kind of tell them
is fat I've gone put on or lost based on
what the loops on my delts are and since
I wear jeans all the time now I kind of
have an idea of like if I'm getting fat
or not like I go down to the fourth loop
like pretty easy when I was around like
150 155 the fourth it was really hard
and then when I was like 160 I had to do
the third loop so I kind of have like an
idea rate your own nose I don't know it
smells things it does a reasonably
decent job at it gets itchy sometimes I
watch you talk to your exes in general I
mean it really depends my ex-wife not
much at all now very rarely actually
maybe watch the twice a year to sell
like happy birthday or whatever if that
teressa's sometimes on and off Aaron I
talked to obviously pretty frequently
there's like my fear oh and then rachel
is my kid's mom so giving an interesting
plain story whose milk
you're gonna do the stream we have
everyone hola yeah I think I will play
you said your parents were vacationing a
news ever
ever been to Cuba no everyone have
another kid if you got married
maybe I'm gonna kind of all know but I
don't know maybe if I meant like a
person that really wanted to and I was
like financially stable I wish I got
stream the flight maybe I can with my
new streaming device you think maybe
pretty funny
[ __ ] any like chips
so I get chips or chocolate
by playing first class and I always
apply economy if you moved to Canada I
don't know maybe probably not maybe the
world's first airplane ain't me about
your connection and like once you're
actually like a 35,000 feet it's not
exist to the cellphone towers even with
six SIM cards I don't think I'd have
much of a connection games you playing
right now like apex legends mainly and
then the leak
by going to Anime Expo probably not are
you doing apex one in black ops probably
not I think I like black ops more but a
pix is really cool I think apex is
growing on me and apex has some features
that are really nice my trips trimming
off the airplane white flight I'd have
to be like the only person airplane to
do it what shampoo do you use
I'm gonna comes in a blue bottle it's
called argon and shampoo or some show
some self information
you move to Canada just for the
healthcare no what the [ __ ]
my sulfate-free I don't know Sofia
twists me bad for your scalp too harsh
or never can you show us around the
airport dude my bag is so heavy
this bag is legit like 70 pounds but
this really really really heavy I really
don't like carrying it around this photo
trip to New Zealand I'm going to Omaha
first I mean I've got a New Zealand like
three days I think she got a backpack I
mean I have a backpack I've got a
backpack a camera bag and then my big
bag I think it's actually possible for
an American first to get voted in and
actually get health care problem solved
I don't know they're getting a newer old
mx-5 I don't know I might check on the
plane I'll probably try to sleep so that
I'm awake for Nathan but when I'm in
Omaha check cuz there's that website
like renomii Atacama or some [ __ ] that
was like for like New Zealand I'll
probably check that website and see what
I have but I'm never dying my hair can I
bring this [ __ ] dead
okay just let it die we had a gaming
stream have a couple days to so maybe
what am i coming to South Africa [ __ ]
that don't they kill all the white
people there now he's trying
[ __ ] I've watched every lure in
southern video you're not gonna get me
with that one well we sure we got
paragraph swing type NNN my start gonna
do the Omaha ice cream yeah I should
yeah I think on Monday or Sunday we'll
see oh no no wait I'm sorry my days I
really off it I'll do though we never
got a rush huh probably not [ __ ] that
damn I need name something to snack on
so badly I'm doing a guy's bucket
there's all this [ __ ] I have to carry
around [ __ ] me baby salt potato chips
let's say two point five servings that's
like 400 calories and this is like 500
cattle why did I switch
chip stream
we made a big mistake
instead it is actually really cold in
here so it's the weather right now in LA
it's gotta be like in the 40s if it's
this cold in here
wait what did what did the ravaged guy
say rape the girl no what the [ __ ]
oh but I know I said we put a plane I'm
gonna throw away half of them come out
of here in a trash bin if I make it out
look so [ __ ] cool what if I missed it
oh and myself it's kind of weird to
think that like there are 400 unique
individual human beings on this planet
that subscribe to my channel every day
like 400 different people watch my new
people every day that's like a pretty
big I mean it's not like millions of
people but for me that's kind of like a
strange number you miss my question what
was Bauer's question well what's up
apple trees many vitamin C gummies can
you even still be okay no clue can you
OD on vitamin C's dating couples our box
on YouTube no mic growth elegant system
goodbye chips [ __ ] it's really cool down
here
I'm actually cringing at how cold it is
you hate being at the airport manually
no
goodnight crazy asian kid six six six
you ever invest in a start-up I don't
have that kind of money infer around
wanna play the penis Kim what the [ __ ]
are we supposed to do without you if we
are [ __ ] chapo turns you ever got a
New York City maybe I have someone to
visit where's my plate this one is like
six hours I think actually I wonder if I
could skim on the plane if like
everybody was sleeping and I had like
the internet all to myself come to
Tennessee have a cutie pie friend and I
give good back friends how kitty pies
you get it my friend shoot me a message
if she wants to she's DTF I don't think
about it against many mobile carts - I
have six for the US and I want to get to
New Zealand I'll be getting six more
Oh what's up I don't know it's fine I
really appreciate it though yes
[Music]
oh okay I love you guys it's been fun
that guy like worked here I didn't just
come here don't be [ __ ] creepy okay
I'm going to go do my airplane I'll try
to stream on the plane but I don't think
that's possible
APRA howl-o-scream in Omaha probably
like 10 hours
record of cappuccino cappuccino
cappuccino much endeavor to caption out
you know okay my dear to do my airplane
I'll try to stream on the plane but I
don't think that's possible
I'll scream in Omaha probably like a
cello and
recuerda cappuccino cappuccino
cappuccino bunch of ever to capture an
optional optional midgets it's illegal
wait really I'll sub you [ __ ] off [ __ ]
Apple cheese I can't hear messages it's
really hard to read [ __ ] on mobile right
now well so do you for my tennis suits
might last every day to do so pretty oh
that's my butt I love you screams I've
never wished well thanks buddy
wait are you like drinking are you gonna
kill yourself or something
hello my minneapolis like an hour - I'll
see you guys soon in a while rap on guys
stay safe okay keep yourself safe why I
do so what the [ __ ] is up I think this
is one of the nicer airports in the u.s.
Minneapolis you think I'm not all about
my next flight is only like two hours I
think [ __ ] I want to get a hot chocolate
every [ __ ] Starbucks is like eight
million [ __ ] in it unbelievable what
am i flying into Zealand I think in like
three days
I had to check my big [ __ ] bag and I
had to pull all my batteries out of it's
my backpack is crazy overloaded right
now it's [ __ ] killing me my face on
my streaming device it's broke gets
broke its broken breaks well but I
wouldn't really break right it would get
broken how long maybe an Auckland um
probably like two days looking at one or
two a day so I've got a friend there but
then a friend that I'm technically there
to meet but one of them is on the South
Island right now haven't left yet um
haven't left what I'm in Minneapolis
right now going to Omaha for three days
and then I go to New Zealand Oh
Dairy Queen no one's here do I get an
early morning ice-cream
seems like a bad idea
okay
I asked for a small but I'm pretty sure
this is like a mini you're an Hill in
omar's district nice whoo I discovered
probably as an anti-semitic and it took
all of five minutes googling [ __ ]
nice the lights turning on as we get
near them damn mister put a super-nice
holy [ __ ] oh god my back oh I don't
think this bridge backpack is supposed
to be overloaded with this matter this
[ __ ]
it's full of batteries batteries and
battery packs Oh
all right my dudes how are those bad
boys so European dudes in here now
purchase the light at na squad never
flown this long before and I'm just
gonna Omaha now right we had one
international a few times I'm a New
Zealand flight I think it's 13 hours 13
hours of sleep we're serious I'm
probably watching pre-k again and I'm
sleeping the rest of the way
[ __ ] yeah well maybe play for us punk
your opinion on the a equals 432 mean
it's a dumb name
I thought direct flights for an alien
Omaha yeah but I booked this one really
late I just found out from Rachel like a
day or two ago that Nathan s today off
so I thought I'd just come to her people
say to grow your beard further under the
drop I don't think so I think this is
fine words out right now I don't like it
much more than this I'm using tinder in
New Zealand no we're done modded
rimworld
nope oh my now I'm in Minneapolis [ __ ] I
use my laptop but I'm pretty sure if I
open this bag I'm not gonna be able to
[ __ ] close it again I'm like 95% sure
I'm not gonna be able to get that thing
I don't even know how I managed to get
it close i'm so triggered i had to check
my bag all these [ __ ] are
rolling on their [ __ ] seven piece
luggage you gotta hit rollers every time
I see one
triggers the [ __ ] out of me if you can't
carry it [ __ ] check it hashtag check
your rollers give any man a fair flame
not really what are you waiting for my
next pleasure in life like an allergy so
here we are I still thank you more good
to know I sold my um saw my other house
right now I just own can I put this in
here I hate these [ __ ] things to mix
recycling newspaper magazines no
food-contact
empty can't I don't think I can use this
much trash to energy
look I know people die from blood clots
if they sit too long I think the main
fear is DVT is deep vein thrombosis that
you'll get a blood clot that will break
off and turn into like a pulmonary
embolism blood clot that gets stuck in
your butt I think you have to have you
can be predisposed to that through some
conditions as well like a normal healthy
person you shouldn't sit for 10 hours
and get DVT
I don't think green kiss Greek is
advising people on mental on mental
illness that sounds dangerous
I'm doing clinical research on TV teas
Pease and anticoagulation drugs what
does Pease
feels Midwestern boy's penis and low
pulmonary embolisms explain how Omar is
anti-semitic I don't think she is
you know people literally stick to
Katherine your vein use tiny [ __ ]
cloths that he grabbed em you Elizabeth
yeah there's a really interesting I
think there's like a video breakdown
I've seen this before I think I think
I've seen one for heart attacks as well
where they like to send a little thing
into your vein and then do they blow
like up a balloon and then they grab it
and they take it out or something or
they put something into a balloon and
they drag I don't remember [ __ ] it's
been a long time since you for how they
get like clots out of your vessels I
think there's a lot of different ways to
break it down you can use like can't
they use like is it ultrasound waves to
break up a clot as well and then extract
it and remove it I'm going to New
Zealand we're in a Minneapolis while I'm
going to Omaha for two hour for three
days first I gonna go in Nathan as New
Zealand milk different or something
different countries milk tastes really
different it's very weird do you think
so
trying to think if I feel like milk in
Germany did taste different but I wasn't
a hot chocolate connoisseur back then so
I didn't notice it as much I'll bring
you some quality iced chocolate milk
good luck with your threesome [ __ ] sorry
that came across wrong what I meant to
say it was cook Chuck you know mano I'm
in Minneapolis winning right flight if I
wasn't no how about to be sitting here
hands up you're no hostage situation
nice man guys Oh before December New
Zealand yeah I should be fired why are
looking at garbage UNIX is now a Tier
one subscriber what do you want to look
at there you go wow how exciting oh my
Lighting's not even good
and you're making me sweat your seats to
some cold a [ __ ] there you go are you
happy now what channel is the nd on um I
don't know Oh hopefully Lily hosted if
we do it make it easier for my coat on
it's [ __ ] faulty now my code is
called everything is called my streaming
in Omaha yeah I'm gonna do two different
streams I would be stupid a with Nathan
or go to the zoo at least I'll stream
that and then um I want to do is trim
where I Drive around Omaha and I can do
like an origin story cuz people always
ask me random grew up questions so we
can have it all in one place well cuz
New Zealand is awfully [ __ ] hot as
Australia yeah no probably no no
straight away a little hotter isn't it
DMCA japan's Prime Minister no in his
trip for peace but that Anthony Weiner
released earlier did he actually go to
jail what did he go to jail for was it
soliciting pictures from a minor can you
get um Oh for sending pictures to a
minor for sexting can you is there is it
illegal to sext a minor if they're like
17 and it's in the state or whatever do
you think like can you actually go to
jail for that what it's like the actual
charge would it be like sedition of a
minor or something find out and home
good fun good on that homie Oh
solicitation of sex well minor
newsela here beta T equals 77% Assad so
[ __ ] miserable wait new winter storm
moving in fast so hopefully my plane
leaves before that Strom co-chair the UN
is working on an initiative to ban
lolicon interesting Saudis everything in
a good day goes up to 98% well I think I
got a lot of white Wow loose-fitting
clothing I've put my time into Miami
okay I know it nasty [ __ ] humidity is
like winter storm warning whereas
Minneapolis I should be like north of
Nebraska right now right in Minnesota
does Minnesota touch Nebraska I don't
think it does right would you say it is
directly north of Nebraska's Oh like
South Dakota Minnesota is like North
West Minnesota is above Iowa oh it's uh
northeast okay
okay dude okay dude rovol over
minneapolis we're traveling like Omaha
yep you gotta check out some hiking
trails like yeah I want to go like
walking a lot I just hope I don't get
too tired I don't know [ __ ] my cardio is
I thought about playing yes or no South
Dakota and Iowa border Nebraska destiny
to the north what Nebraska
I was eastern Nebraska Oh temperatures
worse than Auckland and compared to
Wellington cool
are you starting around an mx-5 yeah for
sure I'll get that [ __ ] set up I need to
do that I guess probably soon we do a
dgg meet up in New Zealand I mean I'll
be streaming everything when I'm driving
around so you guys find me you can find
me Americans don't even know what their
own country listen man chill how many
countries are in Europe are there more
states in the u.s. are there are
countries in Europe I feeling clear like
Eastern Europe and everything how many
how many
I think countries are in the continent
of Europe it's at 45 28
twenty-eight who said 45 damn you even
have eaten your name and you said 45
Google says 50 wait why's everyone
saying 27 and 28 Europe is around 4 I
said the content of Europe you [ __ ]
ones and get these euro boys out of here
this Eurotrash education
un-fuckin'-believable did you hear about
the restaurant on the moon
great food no atmosphere bonus me cook
does people must be less people can you
say the same about Mars well that'd be
easier to say that there are 44
countries in Europe today according to
the UN Wow doesn't Mars have an
atmosphere though I don't think so
it does but really thin well I mean in
that case then the moon has an
atmosphere right I'm pretty sure the
moon probably has an incredibly thin
atmosphere as well [ __ ] off
Mars is Mars has no [ __ ] core the
core of Mars is inactive it's a [ __ ]
dead as [ __ ] as a dead [ __ ] planet
[ __ ] that [ __ ] ass planet Esther Mars
has an atmosphere but the answer is a
small one why'd you well because it
effectively I don't think Mars
atmosphere does anything like there's no
magnetic poles to protect you from any
of like there's no protection from any
radiation from like I think for my gamma
rays and [ __ ] from the center at over
right like you're exposed to all of that
if you're on Mars because there's no
active core in the planet Sun is too far
away for that to matter
that's a magnetic field not an
atmosphere yeah but the magnetic field
is a really important part of your
atmosphere no isn't that like where our
whole aurora borealis and [ __ ] comes
from how many apples grow on a tree
I don't know if I can remember
oh they should I feel look it up I
thought that the lack of an act of corn
Mars and the lack of the magnetics the
magnetic poles made us so that Mars
can't really maintain a real atmosphere
like it has one but it's insanely
[ __ ] thin like insanely thin now
the Mars atmosphere is starting enough
to clear clean dust from the solar
panels on Mars rover it's not just some
wind is that really like I can ask Rick
he's never being radiated to death Mars
is thin but it's farther that's why this
dust storms and stuff the wind blew the
magnetosphere from Mars Mars can't
maintain an atmosphere because the
gravity is too low what okay that's a
gravity holds the atmosphere to the
planet
rolling right now it is true that
gravity is lower on Mars
yeah oh the Martian atmosphere is 0.6
percent of Earth's okay yeah gravity
might be lower but I don't think gravity
is necessarily be needed well I mean
some level of gravity's needed for an
atmosphere but whatever level of gravity
is needed Mars definitely surprises that
I've got to tell if you're a memeing
yesterday about the earth and moving
below planes I'm pretty sure that within
the earth moves I'm pretty sure that it
moves below planes because if you're if
you're on a sphere and it's spinning as
soon as you launch that sphere if you as
soon as you come off the sphere then
you're grab the if you're like traveling
with the planet when you come off you
move tangential to it you don't rotate
anymore with it right so like doesn't
the earth move under you as you fly in a
plane from like certain directions is
that not true isn't this called the well
I learned this in a metal gear solid
game [ __ ] what's it called when you
shoot a bullet is it's not the boreal oh
my god what's the name of the [ __ ]
effect Corey is it the Coriolis effect
my plane doesn't move in a vacuum oh
well no if a planet is spinning and you
launch off of that planet the planet is
going to spin beneath you when you
launch you don't spin with the planet
because that's not how because your
because that's not how that works why
did the coffee file a police report it
got mugged bonus meme cut crap oh god I
can't tell who's [ __ ] [ __ ] in
chat or not I can't tell I can't tell I
can't tell I can't tell I don't know
never man I don't want to talk I don't
talk about this coz you guys gonna
trigger the [ __ ] out of me I cuz I can't
tell he's just talking about your [ __ ]
think about throwing something about a
car and it moves with the car that's not
what we're talking about though that's
the part that's what we're not what ever
talking about if you have something
moving like this right your velocity is
constantly changing you can't have a
constant velocity when you're moving
like this right it's always changing
with every angle if you throw something
off of a ball that's like moving on the
ball it's going to move tangential to
whatever you throw it out and the ball
is going to continue to move underneath
it right it's not the same thing as
being in a moving car and jumping when
you're traveling long distances over the
over over a planet no I know this is
true for space travel maybe it doesn't
impact airplanes but I'm not sure when
it'd be faster to fly in the opposite
direction of the planet then yeah but
isn't it faster if you're flying from
like east to west isn't that usually
quicker than flying from west to east
but that might be because of like jet
streams I don't know I don't have to
look I don't know I feel like that there
are other recent issues every second
system in the US nope jet stream is
formed because of the Coriolis effect
Coriolis force
let's talk oh you're [ __ ] triggered
into my goddamn [ __ ] life it's faster
to launch along the direction of the
Earth's angular momentum but it makes
some difference a while in the air
Coriolis force in physics the Coriolis
force is an initial or fictitious force
that seems to act on an object that are
motion without a favorite reference that
rotates with respect to an inertial
frame never ever turn with clockwise
rotation the force acts to the left of
the motion of the object one with the
anti deflection a mathematical
expression for sex index Newton's laws
emotions got the motion of Africa in an
inertial frame of reference both forces
are proportional to mass the object the
Coriolis force portion of rotation rate
on the centrifugal force is proportional
to square of the Coriolis force inertia
perpendicular rotating axis
because here with spins earthbound
observers need to cover the rails for
anyways emotional objects the earthly -
under pressure today what do you call a
Mexican who has lost his car Carlos
Aurora Borealis Carlos don't get it
Coriolis effect air plane Coriolis
effect is greatest at the poles and 0 at
the equator Wow cool a stack exchange
thread why do airplanes experience
negligible Coriolis force while bullets
experience crossbars in long-range
shooting even though the mass of an
airplane is much bigger than a bullet
you may be interested in this physics IC
post borders claim that the Coriolis
force is not negligible for an airplane
it's also worth twenty other than an
airplane is not a projectile so
Corrections can be made in flight to
compensate for any number of things
Sam flying from Sydney to Los Angeles
back to Sydney during Sydney to Los
Angeles traveling with the rotation of
the earth with a flight time would be
longer than Los Angeles City on account
of Los Angeles turning / moving away
from our position or in the opposite
direction with the flight at Sydney be
faster since the Earth turns underneath
us and moves any closer during the
flight you need to get up to use the
restroom there's 110 rows in front of
you another tenth spine you does it take
longer to walk to the one that's moving
away from you at 600 miles per hour that
uh oh no this is so stupid
what do you call cheese that isn't yours
nacho cheese thank you no no it's not
it's not the same thing the plane and
atmosphere moves with the Earth's spin I
don't think that the but I thought that
like I thought that a lot of our jet
streams and a lot of that a lot of the
atmospheric stuff that we experience is
created by them by the earth moving
underneath all of that do you think the
earth is spinning inside its own
atmosphere yeah the some extent it does
doesn't it I thought that's where like a
lot of like our atmospheric [ __ ] was
created from yeah there's probably good
veritasium video and I'll [ __ ] watch
it later so I gonna argue you [ __ ]
idiots you ignored Twitter chat well I
can only have one channel my screen
right now okay and it's the dgg one I
have two PhDs and multiversal
astrophysics wait really we'd have 10
Kalam
ii went well no it doesn't have to move
on however cember there is some effect
right like if i were to fire a bullet
from like North Dakota to Texas in a
straight line if I fired that bullet by
the time the bullet landed it wouldn't
be it wouldn't land exactly south right
it would land a little bit to the
whatever that whatever the direction of
the earth spins it would appear to land
like to the right of where I'd shot
right like the bullet would appear to
land more West than where I sat because
the planet is spinning underneath the
bullet right and once the bullet is left
the gun it's not like it can continue to
get like the angular momentum from the
earth right because that velocity is
constantly changing the earth only move
notice the other plane if there was a
catastrophe okay nevermind new subject I
can't tell I can't tell what's going on
anymore
we're done I'm pretty sure that's wrong
no but that's not wrong if something is
rotating beneath you and you throw
something to the South it's not gonna
land it no I know I'm right
it can't land exactly what you throw it
it won't land exactly straight to the
south of you because your rotational
you're a no it's your is it your angular
momentum your angular momentum is going
to be greater at the equator than it is
further north
so the equator is gonna be spinning
underneath throw faster than the north
so it's going to appear to land more to
the right I mean I know this is true
I'm hundred and positives it's true I
know it's true so the question is our
airplanes so big that like the wind and
everything just kind of like moves at
all around with it or maybe because the
earth is spinning and dragging out so
much of the wind and air with it maybe
it doesn't matter maybe all those
effects are negligible I don't know
what's the difference between Michael
Phelps and Adolf Hitler Michael Phelps
can actually finish a race was that bad
and edgy enough for your standards chat
Wow nice job dude no one's ever heard
that before
wait what is this guy's name ask an
astronomer why can't a plane fly slowly
and let the earth pass underneath
questions boiling for ages when
everything has everyone what does it
travel when I could just stay a safe
distance from the earth wait for the
earth to rotate well how do I get a
plane hover what is we like a Harrier
the reason an airplane can just I don't
pass underneath is the same reason why a
ball drop from a tall tower land to the
base of the tower and not next to our
plane sitting on the ground is moving at
a service earth and while it appears to
be at rest is actually moving at around
1,000 miles right when it takes off it
still has speed from sitting on the
ground imagine three moving walkways of
the pristine no other person will love
to walk away walk forward in the same
direction this is wrong but this can't
be posted by a guy with a degree in
astrophysics who the [ __ ] is is this is
not correct
I think the unintuitive thing the reason
why this is so hard to conceptualize is
because when we think of them because
because when we think of them like if
you stand on a car and the car is moving
60 miles an hour one way and you throw a
ball backwards at 60 miles an hour these
are easy it cancels out but but angular
stuff is not as intuitive right that's
why when you do that when you do your
very first thing in like a physics class
when you're like oh if you've got a ball
going around in a circle and you let the
gate up where is the ball going to go
and you think like oh well the ball is
probably going to it's probably gonna
come like if we were to let go here the
ball is probably gonna come out and then
keep like spinning right that's what
intuitively like what we want to think
but that's not what happens right
because when you're spinning around in a
circle right with that angular momentum
or whatever that is something that as
soon as you're released as soon as the
tension is released whatever and your
velocity is not constant changing you
move away in a straight line right it's
not the same thing as just throwing a
ball in a moving car when when you're
talking about things rotating everything
becomes a lot less intuitive a lot more
complicated I can't believe I just read
that on that website okay well I don't
want to talk about this anymore
gravity never stops excelling the plane
towards the Earth what what does that
have to do with anything this topic was
such a bad idea yeah [ __ ] me we all need
to go back and play some Kerbal [ __ ]
space program [ __ ] holy [ __ ] okay we're
done we're moving on from this the earth
only spends under you if you're an orbit
what destiny you are wrong the only way
you can take advantage of the Earth's
spin when flying is if you travel at
777-200 Irby I
her whole your way to the airport I
think I've got an hour left
can you watch your videos right now my
laptop I could get my lumps up out I
don't think no I can't I think if I open
that back I can I can that'll close it
again something out [ __ ] my laptop
you know gravitational surveys are used
to find potential economic mineral
deposits nice that's it's easy to get an
orbit if you're going with the rotation
of the earth but it doesn't matter if
you're just flying in the Earth's
atmosphere destiny it's easier to get
into orbit if you're going with the
rotation of the earth sure that makes
sense but that's because you are that's
because when you lift off from the earth
you're being thrown tangential to the
your launch point or whatever right so
it helps you get more horizontal
velocity whatever right no we know [ __ ]
the Porsche 911 is [ __ ] awesome
destiny what's your opinion on the 911
[Music]
what do you call when you're sick of
being in the airport terminal illness
bonus meme aya aya mm-hmm destiny
vertical weight really like this oh look
I do this you can't see anything outside
how cute is that but if I do that Wow
maybe the only one in your flight I
don't know I'm sure they're at least
five or ten other people going in
[ __ ] to morskie who watched someone
news the Fallen rise of Tiger Woods very
good golfer had public great with away
about 2009 so [ __ ] do we care you said
you liked this game son the place you've
lived such working abrasca is that so
lovely
yeah I'll go throw I walked in my entire
life won't drive around I'll look at my
old houses that were foreclosed on be a
lot of fun okay an object in motion
continues a much from the same speed in
the same direction unless acted upon by
an unbalanced force
yeah but what you're not understanding
is there isn't like an there is no such
thing as like a you can't conserve like
an angular velocity right you need
something that cut like a velocity as a
speed in a direction and when you're
thrown off of a rotating body you're
only moving in one direction you don't
continue to rotate with it right please
stop please stop I don't want to talk
about this anymore
I want to talk about this anywhere I can
expand so we're gonna get a guess for
Dede about guys to do cutting over those
we haven't yet but we'll work on it okay
plan I moved back to the Midwest when
you get older you're distinct California
I don't care [ __ ] them in let's not go
wherever the [ __ ] wherever my job takes
me Jesse no gravity keeps you in orbit
as long as called
off why are we reading these messages
gravity keeps you in orbit as long as
you get thrown off then I have speed
you'll stay in orbit because the earth
curves away as fast as you fall towards
it okay
gravity you will continue to spin with
the ball if it has enough gravity to
pull you down the cabin depressurizes in
flight how long until you die I don't
know hypoxia
if you're breathing in and breathing out
and you don't have enough atmosphere to
actually breathe in I'm pretty sure it
can happen in like less than 30 seconds
can it or does it take a little bit
longer than that
planes typically go to 35,000 feet it's
like cruising altitude for most
commercial flights yeah the plane isn't
in space so nothing will happen it will
just be a bit windy yes the atmosphere
thins out as you go higher and higher my
dude that's got to be a Miam it's got to
be a troll but I can't tell anymore cuz
some of you guys are so [ __ ] stupid
we're in some really short flights I
feel like I've flown from like Arizona
to California before and that cruising
altitude was like 15 or 20,000 feet
could be wrong though planes are on
level with Mount Everest you can breathe
up there no you can't you [ __ ] die
what are you talking about what the [ __ ]
confirm destiny trolling you can these
are in Charleston you 100 cent canisters
heart now you [ __ ] kid you will
[ __ ] die once you get to a certain
height you body literally can't sustain
itself it's not enough pressure you
can't do it that well there are some
people that have spent like their lives
and ship training or people that process
oxygen like in very very very special
ways or whatever I can do by generally
no once you get to a certain level once
you get to certain elevation you just
kind of slowly dying think you're gonna
survive a Mount Everest speed run how
deep fakes defer from video manipulation
we've seen before
the [ __ ] are we watching this [ __ ] is
going on
the depressurization is [ __ ] won't kill
you but there's a good chance he'll pass
on from lack of breath I don't think
even a rapid depress your pressurization
don't kill you right doesn't it cause
your [ __ ] to swell a lot or something I
think this is hard because we get like
tested on humans but haven't there been
like skydivers or people that have done
[ __ ] before where like a glove is
falling off and their hand is swollen
because of the rapid depressurization
but once they get back to like a
pressurized environment like [ __ ]
returns to normal pretty quick rapid
depressurization can [ __ ] your lungs of
it well yeah isn't that called like the
bends but isn't that like if you surface
too quickly and like scuba gear you can
like blow your lungs up because the ship
[ __ ] your [ __ ] that's nitrogen and
blood not lungs are you excited all for
new Game of Thrones no because I watched
that twitch mean video yesterday then I
started watching a bunch of Game of
Thrones clips and now I am so sad at how
[ __ ] Game of Thrones I squared out
awesome I used to be [ __ ] me Game of
Thrones used to be so [ __ ] awesome oh
my god there was so much cool [ __ ] now
it's dumb [ __ ] like Sansa and Arya
killing Littlefinger and dragons
spitting fire everywhere oh oh and all
the new sword fight not even they're not
even good fights anymore it's so stupid
the Nights Watch oh yeah dude like every
[ __ ] see the thing of that old game
of Thrones was that there were like
seven characters where like every time
the camera would change you like [ __ ]
yeah you wouldn't even be mad that you
were leaving someone you'd like like any
scene with [ __ ] Tywin in it it was
[ __ ] gold the king I remember that
what is it I think the king is tired he
needs to sleep any King that said that
has to say I am The King is no King oh
[ __ ]
Tywin was so [ __ ] bad-ass every care
every scene with Tywin and it was
[ __ ] awesome every scene with the
Hound in it was [ __ ] awesome every
scene with Eddard Stark was awesome all
the first season most of the
Littlefinger scenes were really good
what seasons are worth watching season
with four Oh every scene with um Oh burn
Oberyn I forgot his name
it's like Oberyn right was [ __ ] God
Tyr every scene with Tyrion was awesome
oh man what happened and now all I do in
the later seasons I was just sitting and
praying like please don't cut too
[ __ ] Sam and Gilly pr1 subscriber
please don't cut the salmon Gilly again
please don't cut the salmon Gilly again
the dragon queen with the weakest
seasons like oh yeah Daenerys was always
[ __ ] every single thing even in the
first few seasons every single Daenerys
for show that's true anything happening
east of west or east of that whatever
that the sea is it was [ __ ] boring as
[ __ ] oh yeah any scene with Varys was
awesome
is it worth watching if it falls apart
later yeah hell yeah you should
definitely watch like the first four
seasons is so sick it's so good Ser
Barristan didn't he like retire didn't
you tell those guys is like I'll [ __ ]
kill every single one of you
[ __ ] if you try to stop me any
like [ __ ] left Harrison was like
willing to show he's just sick as [ __ ]
on the books I'm half smile I mean it
was pretty cool in the show
the faceless men were coolest [ __ ]
[ __ ] yeah the faceless men stuff was
pretty decent
yeah and then every character Denarius
is such a [ __ ] care
that even the cool characters that
interact with her end up becoming [ __ ]
characters like oh boy here's another
scene where Tyrion logixx his way out of
a problem all boy there's another scene
where Tyrion talks down the revolting
people and makes them happy again like
old boy like Harry sterling is so [ __ ]
even people that go to her end up
becoming [ __ ]
same thing with Varys well various
wasn't never to long although everything
over there was boring yeah removing
Tyrion from King's Landing but then
King's Landing became boring as [ __ ] -
at least there's big explosions
I liked Ramsay I don't like ramsey
ramsay was too much a bad guy for in a
show that usually didn't have that [ __ ]
every scene was just like showing you
how bad Ramsay was by the way I had this
lady eaten by dogs by the way rape him
sounds by the way killing kids by the
way real bad guy by the way it's not
what he used to means he wasn't waiting
for oh but it's not a bad show there's
still a lot to like there's nothing at
left in Game of Thrones
to like that was in the original Game of
Thrones right now Game of Thrones is for
people that like like Lord of the Rings
it's just it's totally totally different
than what it used to be right is that's
the only problem it's not bad but like
and Lord of the Rings sucks
nolo the Rings is [ __ ] awesome but
like Lord of the Rings knows what it is
right some fantasy action-adventure
hero's journey very simple very very
simple story
that's what Lord of the Rings the movies
at least wear and it did it really well
arguably I did it almost perfectly but
um Game of Thrones is still pretending
to be like some deep political whatever
fantasy [ __ ] and like Oh guys are you
ready for the are you ready for the only
payoff for Arya's entire [ __ ] story
arc for her to duel that Blanco by the
way dark by the way off screen combat by
the way Stannis dies off screen oh by
the way yeah okay dude I think that
scenes gonna grab that hate [ __ ] when it
gets popular no Game of Thrones was
insanely popular past like season 2 Game
of Thrones was insanely popular what are
you talking about he refused to watch it
forever well I refuse to watch it
because I thought it would be the show
that it isn't hell that's the ironic
part I've used to watch I don't care
about like medieval [ __ ] that much
it's like dragons and fire and knights
and [ __ ] I usually just don't care for
those settings I prefer like sci-fi but
then the first four seasons is [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] mine can I say it I'm half Cuban
can I even guys do the heart the soft a
where's the for thought did for thoughts
I was allowed to plan armor definitely
exists it was just in the beginning the
series miss lyddiard who the main
character no I don't agree I don't think
there was a new plot armor in the first
four seasons I think everybody that
earned their death did it and everybody
that didn't I deserve to not die I think
in season four the first four seasons
everything made sense plot armor
definitely became a thing though past
the fifth season hardcore if you think
that plot our mergs well except for
except for Daenerys I'm sorry I'm sorry
with one exception Daenerys who I've
always hated as a character Daenerys has
always been a hardcore [ __ ] plot
armored Daenerys is whole plotline is
like a whole other TV show like I don't
even know how that works like but aside
from Daenerys which points would you say
it's an arrow should have died I don't
know it just seemed like Daenerys his
storyline is basically she shows up
stumbles her way into a massive [ __ ]
army and then goes from one place to the
next with massive [ __ ] armies she
doesn't do anything necessarily
intelligent oh and one scene she hides
the fact that she knows is it trig Aryan
Wow
but like otherwise she stumbles into
trap after trap after trap and it
doesn't matter like she stumbled into
the whole illusory house she got tricked
by the one pea but none of it matters
she always comes out of every situation
unscathed beardlovers dream Ashville a
city with music bookstore ziplining and
33 breweries
how dare she learned from the mistakes
made by men around her to benefit
herself but she doesn't learn what takes
me anything though she just stumbles in
a dumb [ __ ] after dumb [ __ ] but she
always manages to have a bigger army or
some magical man will show up that wants
to woo her that will kill everybody for
her or someone you know like what if
that one guy that broke into their plays
instead of him like just falling in love
with her instantly what if he was
actually in a status I don't like just
killed her like you know like there's so
much in dumb [ __ ] what do you think the
ending of Game of Thrones will be um I'm
sorry the one friend of his Inge is
vegetarian so I don't know what she'll
have him in the way of like dank
recommendations we'll see
hmm [ __ ] I don't think I'm gonna try to
scream on the spot I'm gonna sleep again
this flight center board then I'm gonna
go do that so be careful riperino
cappuccino cappuccino how between
opportunity opportunity opportunity no
opportunities
hopefully I be screaming like four or
five hours I guess we'll see
but robot guys Nathan do you guys think
your memes like a year later buddy in
addressing the loss of jobs joyful do
Wow they can't see anything Nathan look
at your screen look what you're showing
them no no I can't you're gonna hold it
up
hi Nathan at destiny hope you two have a
great day feels good
Nathan all the money goes to my account
providing David
because Stephen is a bad dad and forgot
to bring it your coats in the car his
coats on the car okay how do you feel
about seizing the means of production
Anthony or capitalist or communist
capitalists are cool people Communists
are losers and job
no you're gonna say right is your dad a
good or a bad drive
really wow thanks yeah hey Nathan my
name is Stephen I am your real father
the man driving you is an impostor get
me out of here you're my only shut up
hey it sorry Nathan at my phone what's
up no we're just waiting yep he's
starving - I can hear stomach growling
he says he's gonna become anorexic no
mom he's learning right now as he
starves to death waiting for you what
how long oh okay what wait be careful
mom I need to say hi oh she hung up she
says she doesn't like you anyway should
I kill my dad Nathan don't jump like
that what should I do to my dad for
punching and punishment I don't know for
what I'm saying my mom does not like me
what should I do
well look say thank you for the two
through seven underscore smile is now a
Tier three subscribers say thank you
shadow smile thank you so much my shadow
smile Nathan
shadow smiled
my godson he hates you my dad said that
to you
hi Nathan this is John Cena I just
wanted to say keep being you you are
amazing you and Dad me mister get out of
here hi Nathan
this is okay piccolo man sir again
please don't kill your dad wait
just invite them to watch enemy smiley
face I don't
Nathan stop making poop jokes Thomas the
Train they both have a one-track mind no
he's not
hi Nathan uncle Raj J here I just want
to let you know that food jokes are very
funny and are on the cutting edge
America trip you are a committee of
genius I love you okay you wanna hear
another poop jokes nobody
okay what do you call poop that is not
yours somebody else's poop no non
Teahupoo
Nathan here is $100 for you to use on
roblox also I specifically remember your
dad telling us he will get you a lot of
things today at the mall also one last
thing
Raj J make a wholesome podcast with all
the streamers kids in a Royale podcast
that was a sick dad why is it okay we
had to go on and went from my looking
really what what a what we gotta go in
away from mom no that's rude what he'll
know you'll be fun
okay all right I love you guys anything
are we gonna be if I go to the zoo today
no yes Jim dad maybe we'll try to do
this due tomorrow okay no oh wait
there's mom say hi oh my gosh I'm on
she's walking into the restaurant
careful with that door don't hit the car
say hi mommy
hey Nathan
just wanted to let you know that your
dad used to have a very entertaining
stream but now the only time he gets
viewers is when you are on the stream
yes where is she okay all right
okay I might stream at the zoo although
I don't know if a lot of time to go
today so we'll see worst-case scenario
I'll play games tonight with mr. runner
somebody I don't know we'll see yeah
okay
well [ __ ] yeah a worst-case scenario
it'll be a normal League of Legends true
all right grab on guys
