really look alive how does it feel it
feels pretty bad doesn't it why wouldn't
you tell me what if I would've just like
said a racial slur are you serious hey
what's up toast we're just watching you
we're like passively observing your life
talk how you normally do anyway chill
that's not gonna happen
wait we're just hanging out we're not
even looking at you okay well film the
Christmas tree how was your day been
Lilly have you done anything super fun
today that's kind of give this dream
what they want this is how Steven look
like do it the entire time I hung out
with them you literally just plop down
on the sofa I look like this actually
nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh put scoot your butt back
a little bit because I want you to fix
your posture nice sometimes heavy comes
when I see me me me me me me
no Tammy go away me me me you look like
you don't want to be pet right now
you're gonna bite me if I try to pet you
how are you feeling right now me me this
that's an attack mode cat you can tell
she's an attack mode I think we can do
it Mimi
hey I'm coming in for the pet okay
oh [ __ ] okay and everyone do I feel like
getting bit all right now that's the
real question
how brave how bravery we feeling me me
me me what are you doing in there me me
no I'm sorry Mimi but Aslan is much
faster than you you're far too slow
yes you are very slow hi Lily you're
fine anyone's here fuck'em dude I
thought when I was expected like we're
doing an operation on chess like you
wouldn't be able to do that to beat
anxiety-inducing that you were my father
says oh thank you soon as our video
starts I would just get so [ __ ]
nervous wasn't an insult at lunch it
could've been a lot worse going to make
worse ones okay I can do some direct
ones if you want really go do it do it
do what you want
Yeah right I don't cuz it's Christmas
Lily yeah now that the streams on it is
you know the cardboard meme there's this
really funny video where this guy is
being physically abused by his wife it
Lily just since it's so funny she thinks
it's so funny because she dreams about
being able to physically abuse anyone
Lily literally loses one-on-one fights
with Tammy
it's actually unbelievable I've never
seen two people come out of her room
before with such a size disparity and
then Tammy being the winner it's
unbelievable look at her she's losing
two boxes over there after making fun of
me for some
hey webcam what Lily Lily I will not
zoom in on your face ever again okay
well for tonight I promise what is that
body pillow a lily Picchu it's got a
flower on our head me me
oh she's fighting I me me oh [ __ ] yeah
that has nothing to do with flat or
sharp Q's right that would just be well
I mean it's like sometimes people say
like that kind of thing where you raise
it or lower it explaining something Lily
we're [ __ ] talking yeah she's so
cliquey that's one of the things I don't
like about later than most she's so
cliquey when you watch her at twitchcon
it's like her like for other famous
streamers she's got a big sign that says
if you don't get at least 10k
concurrent's [ __ ] off its she's so
elitist am i memeing into reality ring
just kidding Merry Christmas Alicia oh
here comes the emotional manipulation
please I think she could win it over
with the tears oh are you really going
to wait what's toast real name Jeremy
put it back oh [ __ ] is that fed I didn't
even know you eat here
you know boring-ass been Lily to
entertain me Albert being busy with
everything how long did he 3 hours
you're a [ __ ] war have really milk it
haha holy [ __ ] oh my god Lily can I
please have a sprite she said yes wait
what kind of soda Co what is that diet
root beer how do you have the worst
selection Coke Zero more like hug zero
flavor may I please have a Coke Zero no
I don't want to take cares I could never
do that to you skaara is here too
what the [ __ ] there's so many cool
people in this house where have you guys
been oh don't say any racial slurs I
know you like to lie when we talk about
our own
can you guys see how much weight this
guy's lost it's noticeable I notice it
after you finish don't you look to see
if I'm streaming to host me so what a
piece of work right he's still playing
path of Exile how can one man be
entertained by softcore for so long what
the [ __ ]
pretty good Lily can you please get me a
cokes here huh I don't know where
they're at
no no no no dude no no no all right
please no wait I need to talk to you
about music how do you feel yesterday
when we were playing and we're playing
mega love blocks or whatever right well
I got a B flat chord then I get a C
chord then I get a D chord then Lily
says I play a c-sharp chords how does
that make you feel and I said don't you
mean D flat and she said it's the same
thing how do you feel about that okay
okay no writers I'm just kidding it was
a joke
Thank You Lily Scott are you sick no
Lily sorry what were you saying Albert
are you breaking Kido for tonight or you
hold the fast what a warrior wait what
is it I'm sorry what is that oh no no no
it's because I only saw like thank you I
don't know why but it kind of did thank
you sorry that was read to be so much
more awkward than it would have been if
you wouldn't spoke up oh my god oh okay
what's up thank God fellow white person
oh yeah number here like 1 to 10 we need
equal representation of his household
with you who'd you want to live next to
Albert for sure
he's not noisiest here is he yes but
it's like good noise it's music
[Music]
go for it dude here yeah that's what I'm
asking a bond or something like that
sighs von der what's the smallest one
you can get because they're all we're
being well the thing is mm what are you
doing I'm zooming in oh don't worry
about it bro they should get my goodness
in again
yeah I got you bro yeah Lily initial
thoughts on corn okay okay yeah what's
that what's that place that has good
corn Nebraska someone said anyone who
likes cobbler is a [ __ ] degenerate
how does that make you feel Jeremy he
loves it what the [ __ ] is this anyway
about I'm sorry it's not [ __ ] I'm
just imagining Koivu like those word
like playing D&D like and then the
goblin like takes his pit Jeremy's
working on the same puzzle that I worked
on for somebody who's in my life just
figuring out why the [ __ ] he's still
playing ranked League
I never solved that one I saw yesterday
the end of it damn did you ever get some
rank one legend sometime in like 1930
very much Riano cappuccino Papagena
Papageno my match ended after my
cappuccino Chino opportunity to be
careful
[Music]
