Oh anyway okay listen up guys okay I'm
pretty sure this isn't just an American
thing but I can only speak for America
listen a lot of people are [ __ ]
depressed okay you guys gotta stop this
[ __ ] I don't know why but every [ __ ]
person is like super depressed and super
sad you guys just got to stop okay
it's too much it's too much [ __ ] I
didn't realize this until I started
hanging out with like other types of
people but I just recently realized that
like it feels like every [ __ ] person
has like severe [ __ ] problems
like oh my god I don't know if this is
like like like if it's like the social
media [ __ ] or like what is like leading
into all this stuff but damn we got it
we had a [ __ ] address as [ __ ] boys
it's not good it's not good god damn I
feel like I'm surrounded by the bracelet
yeah I feel like I feel like mental
health in general like is really really
really [ __ ] bad right now I I want to
say in the Western world but I mean I'll
say like definitely the United States
and I feel like it's something that we
have to like yeah damn I don't know if
it's a capital something I don't know if
it's a consumer or something I don't
know if it's social media Oh
wasn't there a wasn't like the first
longitudinal study released recently
someone can tell me of this that tracked
like social media usage and kids that
showed like a massively disproportionate
negative impact on social media use and
kids am I making this up or was this
like a thing that just recently got
published lack of money and excessive
choice I don't know like I don't think
that just getting more money I don't
think it's like a way to like make
people happier but
maybe it's an increase in diagnosis or
decrease in social stigma of that type
of you I don't know is it whatever it is
people are [ __ ] hella depressed did
you ever feel like having depressed ruin
or anything close yeah I did for a
little bit after I um when I did my
shrimp thing for like two or three days
and it was unbearable I don't know how
people can ever live in those states
holy [ __ ] how do I undo this okay yeah
it was it was literally like two or
three days and then I had like one to
one week of like general anxiety I don't
know why I had a lot of crazy random
[ __ ] [ __ ] happen to me post mushrooms
but yeah can you expect you were feeling
in those 2 to 3 days um yeah sure I'll
give it a shot real quick and then I
have to go watch Game of Thrones one of
the big things that I kind of understood
I've given this explanation before right
now what it feels like right now what it
feels like to me is that you have like
your this is like this site here is like
your mind that you think about right
these are things that you think about
this is like your current mind this is
where you make decisions is how you
figure like am I happy am I not happy
about my BA and then you have like your
subconscious and this thing kind of like
maybe you're tired or maybe you're very
emotional and this kind of thing like
has like a little bit of impact over
what's going on in here
but if you know like as long as you have
like a really good thought process as
long as you like are really you know on
top of your [ __ ] like it's like the
subconscious [ __ ] shouldn't bother you
that much right you should be able to
like think your way through most of
these things that's what I felt like pre
shrooms okay now what I feel like is
that it's more like this you have a mind
and you can think of a lot of stuff and
there's like a lot of thought processes
you can enable but oh my god there is so
much here that drives this and if this
is [ __ ]
you're hopeless you're lost at this
point you're so [ __ ] you're so [ __ ]
if this [ __ ] is [ __ ] you are triply
[ __ ] you're totally [ __ ]
and this was something I didn't like
intrinsically understand
I always forget the name of this but
this was like super random I had like
two days of this and I later found out
there's a word for this what's it called
Oh anhedonia for like two days it's very
very hard to explain how this feels but
a normal person has a desire to do
something you have like you want to be
happy you want to have friends you want
to do things that make you feel good so
like if you're feeling depressed like
depressed you're feeling depressed you
feel sad because you don't want to feel
sad you don't want to you don't have the
desire to feel sad you want to feel
happy however for whatever reason so
random for two days I didn't really have
any desires there were no desires I
didn't want to do anything
I didn't think doing anything would
affect me at all so like for instance
like if I'm feeling sad I can listen to
music or I can go out driving whatever
but for some reason there was like this
one to two day period where it's just
like I don't feel like anything I do is
going to have like a measurable impact
on on how I feel and like in this state
like the idea that like and this is why
I like I'm really careful when I hear
people like boogey [ __ ] or or
keemstar saying things like Oh like
listen guys you got to pull yourself out
of this and you've got to pull yourself
out of this depression or anxiety you
just got to do better whatever right
well the problem is it like it felt like
in this state of mind like if someone
were to tell me like well why would I
even want to feel better like if you
were to approach me in this state you're
like well hey like listen to you like
this is obviously not good we need to
get up and we need to fix this like well
why like I don't even know if I would
prefer being alive to dead right now cuz
I don't really think it makes much
difference like I literally have no
preferences right now
maybe I [ __ ] cut my arm off probably
not cuz would probably hurt but like I
really don't give a [ __ ] one way or
another I'm you know I could hang out
with friends I could go visit someone I
could listen to me like I know why I
could also just sit in my chair all day
because honestly like there's no [ __ ]
difference between any of these things
like literally I could lay in bed all
day because who the [ __ ] cares like
nothing that I could possibly do right
now will emotionally move me in any way
size shape or form
and this is something that I'd never
experienced in my entire life I have no
idea how people can live like this for
extended periods of time it happened for
like two days and then it went away from
me I don't know why I went through this
and then I had I what seems to line up
with like GE general anxiety disorder
but um yeah this is unbearable I don't
even feel human and one of the things
that I realized was like oh like I've
been depressed when I had problems
before and I work my way through them
but that's because I have like a will to
live I have like a will to be happy I
have a desire to be happy and this is
actually the thing that drives me you
know like on some level I could say like
oh well I'm driven by my ambition I'm
driven by my you know my desire to
succeed ba bla bla bla bla but those
aren't things that I choose those are
just things that I have like I I happen
to like be predisposed towards wanting
to be ambitious towards wanting to hang
out with friends towards wanting to see
girls towards wanting to play video
games like but I don't control those
desires I just have them and yeah
there's like a lot of stuff that goes on
under the hood that is hopefully if
you're a normal healthy mentally um
healthy human being these are things
that are just working but when they're
not you know it's kind of like trying to
work the pedals on your car like okay
well I need to drive my car for it I'm
gonna put it in first gear I'm gonna
hold down the clutch and then I'm gonna
push the gas but it's like trying to do
that except you have no gas in your car
it's like you can [ __ ] with the pedals
all you want but like there's like
something deeper than that that's [ __ ]
and not working and none of that matters
you know but yeah this is like this is
really really really hard for me to
understand intuitively like if you tell
somebody like so like telling somebody
listen like you just need to do this to
kind of work over these feelings like
the problem is that like once you have
the desire to get over a depression like
you've already solved that's like half
the battle or more or that's what it
feels like to me at least like because
once I woke up one day and I was like oh
man like I feel like I've done [ __ ] of
the past who doesn't I really want to go
out and do something to make me happy
like that's like [ __ ] him by that point
like [ __ ] I'm over like 95% of like if I
well I have the desire to go on and be
happy it's like oh [ __ ] it okay like
poof like I'm already solved like that's
like over half the battle like damn like
I'm already done at that point
not to say that that's the true for
everybody maybe other people experience
it in different ways but like the truly
horrifying
part is when you're robbed of that
desire that internal desire to really
want to make yourself happy like how do
you communicate to a person like I have
no idea right if there were drugs or
something that I could take to get out
of that mind state I would do it in a
heartbeat waited with thinking about if
there was an SSRI if it was more
mushrooms I let's get whatever like yeah
like yeah so I totally get like perfect
people like reckful how you can just
like stay in bed like for a week
you know people sit there and they're
like why would you stay in bed for a
week like why would you say in bed for a
week you're gonna be miserable well to a
depressed person what they're really
asking is like well why do I care if I'm
Israel like why would I want to be happy
right and that sounds really stupid to
most people cuz like well of course you
want to be happy but that fact that you
see of course goes to show how little
you even think about it that's something
you take for granted you know most
people does take for granted the idea
that they want to be happy they want to
be healthy that's just like an assumed
thing but if you don't have it you're
[ __ ] holy [ __ ] you know it's really
really really really really bad when you
say people should try shrooms or they
would risk having similar issues that
you went through um I don't know I got a
lot of really good perspective from it
but we'll see I'll tell you after my LSD
trip if I survived that what do you
think about ritual social issue uh
that's a way to chorus to subconscious
into order oh I think like pheromone
I've read there's two things cognitive
behavioral therapy and I miss one other
thing I've read that if you reinforce
enough things like on top of your mind
you kind of work on things underneath
your mind but um yeah but okay oh it's a
dialectical behavioral therapy
it's DBT I'm pretty sure that's it
unless I'm making that up or you just
made that up and I'm pretty sure that's
it that sounds familiar
yeah Oh son of a gun donated $5 to feel
seven for all the sad boys oh I guess
well these are going through the one
thing this is like the one the one like
property that most people don't have
that um that that I feel like I do
really well it's really hard to find
people through this I feel like um I
feel like motivation and more
importantly like value for yourself I
feel like that has to come from within I
feel like if it comes from outside of
you it's just really bad and I feels
really hard to find people that are
powered by like an internal sense of
like self and war self worth and
satisfaction it's really really really
hard to do that
I don't know how to tell people to just
get it but man dude like I've met so
many people oh my god especially
recently like I mean so many people that
are like wonderful awesome people that
look really pretty that act really cool
that have cool talents that can do cool
things like who just feel miserable
because of like how other people
perceive them or how even some people
resent or because of other messages I
get from outside themselves like [ __ ]
it's such a bad bad bad bad bad thing I
wish there was a way to make everyone
like not worry so much about that god
damn and I feel like social media plays
into that like in a really really really
negative fashion but god damn you're
you're clicking yeah I feel like
everybody I feel like the goal is like
you should have an image of who you want
to be and you should be happy with
yourself if you feel like you're
pursuing that image like that should be
like the thing right like I want to be
this and this and this and as long as I
feel like I'm working towards it I'm
okay with myself
even if my family's ISM [ __ ] even if I
don't have very many friends even if
other people are saying I'm [ __ ] that's
fine I don't give a [ __ ] what your
judgments of me are as long as inside I
know that I am like moving towards
something that makes me happy that gives
me satisfaction like I feel like that
type of data to disown hard to to
finding people and I feel like it's so
[ __ ] important when you use a dating
app to little more in sales are you
disclaiming red pill ideas disclaiming
red probably is you mean like echoing
them I think it lets say that it's
probably sure I think how much acid
you're planning on taking I think like
150 micro hear more about things in
maladaptive daydreaming after 10.5 grams
of shrimp to me like 2 to 3 no [ __ ] off
I'm trying to responsibly do this now ok
so I don't want to do like a 7th AB
Atlas DJ oh chill even as an artistic
person who doesn't care about how I'm
perceived external reinforcement or love
does a lot Frank yeah I know I just wish
it didn't dude one of my biggest like
one of the things that's like so sad for
me that I see people Russell wither like
people that have like issues with their
parents I feel like it's so horrible
that like people that come from like
[ __ ] families and are being like end
up having to wrestle with so many issues
for so much of their life it's I don't
know it's really hard for me to relate
to and it seems like a really really sad
ordeal but for me for twitch chat do you
still stand by that tweet about loving
yourself before sing about yeah for sure
you should have some level self respect
at some level of self-love before you
try to like find it from other people I
think
yeah but okay I love you guys super fun
be careful
[Music]
