hello hello I have arrived hello how are
you I'm doing great
are you ready for a hype debates um
hello how are you pretty good that's
pretty good that's considered a
conversation okay cuz I don't even know
how much I'm [ __ ] know about this
[ __ ] but we'll find out I'm curious what
your take is um we knew them I do it
gets more elaborate by the day and I get
increasing they are lost yeah yeah well
it's complicated [ __ ] this is
complicated business be sure the gets
for us as long as we only rely on very
very general knowledge sure kind of in
the in the concept I guess of a European
Union too and then I mean we can go into
some specifics as well why don't so do
you want to started you or me to start
um yeah you just stop yeah okay the case
for the European Union so it seems to me
that um hold on okay so it seems to me
that today we live in a world that's
more interconnected than it ever has
been
you know we're using computers made in
China with software made you know all
over the world and like every literally
every possible country seems to impact
every other possible country Syrian
refugee crisis you know causes
immigration that spreads to all of
Europe that changes opinions across all
sorts of countries and when there's a
shortage of whatever in Taiwan it
impacts you know the costs of RAM for
gamers and Australia and yeah there's
all sorts of [ __ ] so it seems like if we
we take this knowledge that all of us
are pretty interconnected it makes sense
to increase our integration across
multiple countries as much as possible
so unifying legislation regarding trade
regarding you know trade policies and
these types of things is big like
multilateral trade agreements they seem
to be positive insofar as it allows us
to kind of integrate all of our markets
and and so from that guys and then also
there are certain problems that we face
today that can only be tackled by an
international collaborative effort so
things like what do we do about like
Russia or maybe some things related to
Middle East or things like climate
change or are big things didn't do be
tackles so those are kind of like my
main points for why it seems like a
European Union is probably a good thing
all right you my dude yeah that's a very
was a very solid well made that case I
was curious um are you streaming this
should we do like introductions or oh
yeah oh [ __ ] yeah I'm sorry you should
have done that good yes I you you
interviewed me once before and then yeah
you can I have yes sorry I'm sorry
I'm brace myself hang out um hello my
name is uh why I go by Joseph Steinberg
online occasionally I'm a and masters
[ __ ] politics student I've done like
some work of leave dot EU which was the
you Kip leave campaign I've done like
some like debates of MPs on brexit
I have some like general like degree of
like engagement of like the actual like
movement itself and um yeah it's a path
about it
follow me on Twitter by the way okay
alright so what is your and then
obviously think hopefully people here
know who I am so what is your um what's
your general case against the European
or why are why do you philosophically
stand against anyone up oh sure thing I
just a check is my odor you're okay
yep you actually sound great yeah no
your son good thank you do my
girlfriend's by the way use code yes
maneuver 10% off yeah they're um they're
yeah yeah so anyway my case against the
EU sort of like write lies and like
server I save like more like moral
existentialist grounds right like I
think that the you as like form of like
international government is
intrinsically a bad thing I think that's
sort of like the global events and of
like wizards the ongoing global pattern
of like increased globalization the
deterioration the nature I don't view
these as like being like intrinsically
positive things and I think the EU is
like doing a large part to ramp that up
okay and I really I just think I deserve
you'd largely as like a threat to
democracy am I of course my precious
independence which I'm not too big a fan
of okay okay cool do we can kind of talk
at those two points um so I'm kind of
curious I mean I guess a lot of the
centers back to a conversation of
globalization why are you so opposed to
it or why do you not like it oh yeah my
main opposition to globalization is
coming from next row of an international
relations perspective right because I
don't know like the literature on this
but if you like go into like um like
Google Scholar and like look up the term
like atomized individual like there's
like tons of like published literature
allness I won't like the effect that
like globalization is actually causing
like it's not really working out as
as low as the inclination was like sort
of pandas like this thing was like we're
going to like to cheer eight the nation
everyone's gonna become like big brains
like independent Cosmopolitan's but has
like not actually worked out if you look
at things like culture like religion you
are seeing that these things are
actually rising are getting more and
more extreme right it's you're seeing a
global research of not just religion but
a global resurgence of like extreme
religion extreme culture extreme like
xenophobia and nationalism math is
directly correlated to a globalization
which is what my main critique of it is
do you think that okay so there's two
different things that I mean here so the
first question is I'm wondering of that
if the the atomization if this is more a
result of Technology rather than
actually like globalization and then the
second part is the idea that cultures
are becoming more extreme as a response
to some globalized things which at least
over the past five years is probably to
at least regressive Europe and whether
or not something like this could be
prevented if we could if we could
salvage the benefits of globalization
without necessarily carrying those
negatives along which one do you want to
go do you want to do the first one the
second one would you the first one yeah
I'd say globalization is inextricably
linked of Technology because
globalization is essentially like the
extension of the process of these sort
of like in the eighties the neoliberal
revolution that was like spurred on by
things just like the increased ease of
travel increased ease like like sending
money across he's like without
technology you cannot have globalization
correct correct of course yeah then this
like this to me like it Bennett I should
stop saying like this benefits a very
small few but I don't use being
detrimental to the world as a whole wait
um okay well let's take this actually
let's go more basic ok [ __ ] cuz I'm
starting to feel like I know what I
disagree it's gonna be we're not gonna
be able to reconcile it well are you
okay with like are you okay with making
big sacrifices to like technological
progress and whatnot in an attempt to
kind of like push back globalization is
that something you'd be okay with yeah I
know exactly we were talking about here
it's it's it's it's a pretty big moral
quandary for me it's not actually it's
actually something that very few people
consider well because like for instance
well cuz like you could say well
actually yeah you know [ __ ] technology I
would rather do this and then my
standard response would be well hey
you're a [ __ ] [ __ ]
his technologies everything but that's
not really true right technologies and
means to an end to make us happy and if
your way makes us happier than the
technological way then that's a good
argument I think but yeah I'm not really
too sure my only like they like we like
actual like lens of experience we have
this sort of like future world where
everyone has like the universal basic
income and like machines do everything
is really like dystopic like science
fiction i can't have like an actual
model just like imaginable such a world
but i realistically look like sure so my
natural response is guys are
conservative is just go on the side of
fear say no okay
I am I can't I kind of see III think
that our differences in this are gonna
be like [ __ ] there's not gonna be too
much we talk about cuz I think our
differences are gonna be like rooted
like pretty deep believe philosophically
yeah I guess like I'm I'm I guess
because everything I'm going to say it's
gonna be for the advancement of things
like technology and things of like
countries working together but it sounds
like you're generally saying that as
countries continue to work together
people themselves are gonna become more
polarized and things are gonna the net
happiness is going to decrease around
the world even if like technology and
prices decrease and all that [ __ ] right
yeah I'd say that because you know what
yeah because they're saying earlier when
you take away things to buy which people
drive meaning uh-huh the meet the void
for meeting doesn't go away they just
construct new things to which meaning
could be put in and that tends to be a
very you know with radical extreme form
of like politics and government and
culture we see this up we see this in
like Northern Ireland where like both
our political parties are literally the
parties of terrorist organizations we
see this in America with like Trump
lepen like all around the world we're
seeing this this like sort of extreme
izing of like politics and culture and
this is like directly tied to this
feeling of being atomized Niccolo belies
world and this to me is just like
inherently not a good thing yeah I mean
I mean I would argue that people are
gonna have that response to fear no
matter what I mean like I would say
we're probably far how old are you about
you know have to give exact I'm about 30
or I'm 31 20 22 24 oh 24 okay how old
were you when 9/11 happened [ __ ] I can't
do math you can't do I do search the
sighs do you wanna do math yeah that's
home if that's home of hope like you won
and how about that say 94 like I see
would have been like seven I guess seven
or eight or 60
I guess like I would argue that like
back then we were far less globalized
even than we are today even though it's
barely been 20 years I feel like today
it seems like cultures crossed so much
more and even back then in response to a
terrorist event like everyone in the US
was ready to literally go to war with
[ __ ] anybody like whoever George Bush
pointed the finger at we did so I mean
it seems like this having this like
really bad fear response to like
problems is a pretty natural human thing
I don't know if like everybody walling
themselves off in their own countries
necessarily fixes that oh yeah I I don't
like view the opposition to like
international government to be pure
isolation I think we can still have like
international governance not
international governments so I still
think that things like I'd say the EU
was like more like say ASEAN which is
like the it's like the Association is
like Southeast Asian Nations like this
sort of it's like the EU but like no
enforcement mechanism so I guess a whole
it's like largely just a tool like
International like coming together and
like addressing issues but there's no
like overarching like political
political union it's a country can still
do their thing while tackling like the
bigger global issues which is what's the
cyanide sort of land all huh um I mean
our disagreements are pretty deeply
rooted damn you don't think you don't
think it's possible to um especially
it's like the new generation of people
are obviously far different than the
older right you don't think it's
possible to grow up in a world where
kind of like all of our cultures kind of
cross and mesh and people are capable of
finding meaning and other things you
don't you don't think that's possible at
all finding meaning meaning another
things like mean like like can you find
meaning without necessarily living like
an I don't I said I can
ultra-nationalist but like does the
European Union really robbed you of your
ability to find like individual meaning
or happiness in your life is it probably
fine well it depends on like from where
people derive their meaning uh-huh and
people don't derive meaning from being
like being published this big like
globalist collective they typically like
like we're like we're looking like a
struggle here historically it's always
being sort of race religion nationalism
ethnicity these are things to which
people in like this big like they think
this is how they like sort of ground
themselves and uh I know they they grind
themselves to some place in culture
right I don't I don't think they like
the cosmopolitan alternative is ever
actually manifested anyway hmm gotcha
you know be actually oh yeah we're like
really like gotta stop saying like okay
we're at a really fundamental level here
that yeah I mean it's good rather than
talking about each other at higher level
points ask him about the UN I'm guessing
you're assuming the UN is has teeth that
you're okay with like things like NATO
and the UN and whatnot right I'm
guessing
yeah the UN a NATO are pretty good
they're great like much like
international governments modes for like
discussing issues yeah that's perfectly
fine I'd say I'd say if we started
pooling a bit too much sovereignty that
into those institutions we'd have a bit
of an issue aside from that now they're
not too objectionable gotcha
whereas as opposed to EU which has like
sort of like latent aspirations to be a
federal state which you know wants all
the sovereignty instead of just some
appalled that's good at problematic kind
of I don't I don't necessarily agree
with the I feel like the sovereignty
argument isn't making much sense for the
UK because what because after you guys
leave the EU whatever regulations are
restrictions to having you before you're
gonna have to adhere to them again if
you make any new deals right for trading
it's not like you're gonna escape those
not necessarily well I believe you're
talking about remaining in the customs
union is that us yeah wait wait I'm
sorry what's entering the custom tune in
the European is that like a subset of
the European for like trading regulation
sorry your customs union is the thing
that like allows people to sort of move
freely allowed to remove freely so if we
remained in the customs union yeah then
we would still be bound to all the EU
rolls but if we do well I'm saying for
what video even if you leave even if you
leave every everything affiliated of the
European Union if you want access to
that market again you're still gonna
have to fall under the same restrictions
know in order to ship products to that
market yeah that that's true that's the
same for literally every other country
on earth
yeah wait so why do it from the outside
instead from the inside like I don't
think you gain much there that's my oh
because on the inside the UK is very
like comparatively very little influence
I can send you something on this I think
it's the actual degree to which the UK
is out vote in the European Council yeah
but now you you're still gonna get
outvoted even harder though you don't
even have what you won't even have a
person on the Commission or like any of
them anyone
Parliament no yeah I mean like the
argument here is that within the EU we
could sort of move things in our
direction our favor by like sort of
manipulating the course of events bugs I
think the UK is like by far the most out
voted country in the council by far so
it clearly shows me you that like within
the European project the UK is a country
with very like little or declining
influence yeah but you might you might
argue that your influences in as great
as you'd want it to be but when you
leave you you're gonna have zero
influence and you're still gonna be
subject to every single thing that you
does except now on a harsher level
because you have no ability to negotiate
on your behalf I mean I so get the
argument I just like I just
fundamentally don't buy because I guess
saying well being like well like let's
say four engines let's say in the
European Union let's say in order to
ship bananas every banana had to look
like a massive donor right that was like
the rule and let's say that you are
you're British and you don't like that
idea you're from the UK you're like well
[ __ ] this but then you guys can over
vote it you're like well [ __ ] this is
[ __ ] I'm getting over voted or
people are voting me and I have no say I
don't want to ship in Anna's it look
like dawn so you leave the European
Union like [ __ ] you guys now let's say
that you have a giant banana export
market and now you want to try the
European Union and you go back to your
PIN Union and they're like hey by the
way not only did it have to be huge dogs
they have to be like it leaves nine
inches long because we voted on that too
and if you want to trade with our market
you'll have to follow literally every
single regulation anyway if you want to
access this market so it seems like at
the end of the day you didn't really
gain anything like you're still bound to
all the same restrictions as as the
European you had before except now you
literally you lose your veto power you
lose your members of parliament and you
lose your spot on the commission yet
what you're saying but like if that if I
take that logic as being like
fundamentally true then why shouldn't
every country just join the year aim
amen brother
that's what I'm talking about globalized
government honestly though they're my
biggest family the EU is a shared
currency actually and from an economic
perspective I don't know how a country
can give up control of its current
currency and remain solvent that seems
like a problem so I don't know in terms
of every country joining
like a global like currency I don't see
that working but there may be there are
some ways to do it
however yeah I mean like greater
integration across multiple markets like
these giant multinational trade
agreements things like the WTO things
like the TPP things like the European
Union it seems to be largely beneficial
yeah you want to I guess like I look to
like my own country as an example have
you ever been to the US before a few
times yeah it's like in the US if I live
in Nebraska
I can drive to Kansas and get something
shipped from California and do all of
this and it's easy I don't know the
thing about anything like its I just do
it like cause we're completely and
totally integrated there's no question
like all of our laws are more or less
the same federally I know more or less
what I can do from one state to another
home states right from one state to
another I can do whatever the [ __ ] you
know knowing what the federal laws are
and it just makes everything like pretty
easy if this was like 50 or 48
individual countries that were in this
area I don't know I just feels like
would be a much more of a [ __ ]
and it would be harder to do anything I
guess yeah that would be true if each
European country that wasn't already
extensively dedicated like the process
of free trade but really they already us
I don't think that I think I think this
would like negates the home you are
laying out here well but the European
Union helped you guys like financially
integrate quite a bit no especially for
its negatives like sharing a common
currency the free free movement stuff
the Schengen area or whatever is from
what I've heard like pretty awesome if
you have any if you have any EU passport
you can just move freely between any EU
country these things I thought most
people knew you are hailing is largely
positive I mean it's an interesting case
but the UK is not currently in Schengen
nor is it in the euro well yeah but
that's an even stronger argument for you
guys to have stayed because you didn't
even have to follow those and you got to
keep your own currency as well you guys
had like the golden [ __ ] deal and you
had veto power and in the in the EU
Parliament I don't know it seems like
you had a lot of benefits from being
there and now when you leave you're
gonna lose all those benefits but you're
still going to have to stay with all the
restrictions of there before if you want
access to that EU market you're gonna
have to follow whatever they vote on me
yeah that is true for you III I'm still
just like think about like if I go sorta
like almost like fundamental like
impasse here is again I get the argument
you're making but it seems to me though
the argument you're making applies to
are you like sir like low-key advocating
flexsim sort of like international like
super government like well um I don't I
like that would ideally I would say yes
but I don't think that we're there yet I
don't think that's impossible I guess
like the way that I see it is um I guess
like I'm coming at this from I'm an
extreme extreme liberal like very much
not big into culture not big into
nationalism like a very very individual
incredibly individualistic so I guess
like my hope would be that a lot of
people
capable of seeing themselves independent
of not needing necessarily there's a
group identity of a country in order to
get fulfilment of life that you could
find for the moment like friends or
families or loved ones and then you can
kind of just see yourself as like a
broader collective but that's a pretty
extreme position to take I know that a
lot of people like point back to
Heritage and ethnicity and [ __ ] like
that but you talk to things about the
people like driving sort of a sense of
belonging from their family where they
grew up or where they belong uh-huh but
you know sort of global isn't like
destroys and deconstruct that's too
because it requires literally everyone
to be authentically mobile I mean you
yourself like had to move to California
for your job thank the system you were
under mandated that you be mobile well
it didn't actually I gotta say to
Nebraska that like the system that are
now optimal yeah that's not what but
that less optimal is gonna exist whether
or not we're globalized the
globalization just gives me the ability
to actually to act on it right now I
can't now I do have the opportunity to
move somewhere else although it's where
they might cut you this isn't
necessarily globalization but I mean
that's true for you but there are any
people who live and they see these like
Rust Belt states with are no jobs
reserved and they have no choice but to
move if they want to like literally even
survive like you like globalization
mandates that they leave every aspect of
the culture and belong and that they
have and just toss it aside to be an
economically productive unit and this
like weird globalist machine and I
ladies just like I'm not a net positive
for like humanity I would I mean I would
believe you except the countries have
faced severe economic turmoil way before
anything having to do with globalization
right like plenty of countries horrible
the Great Depression the US like plenty
of countries about horrible like
economic downturns people dying and [ __ ]
from hunger and starvation and all that
without there needing to be
globalization other things these two
things are inexorably tied to one
another it's so with you would like you
you offer a defense for the system but
the only comparative when you have it's
an absolute disaster
well you're like well glueless is not so
bad look people do this when there's
famine and war well cuz you're naming a
negative I mean if we want to talk about
the benefits of globalization
globalization is lifted like
unprecedented numbers of people out of
poverty African countries are joining
the first world at like record Braves
you know technology is available in an
astounding ease to like more people in
the world and have ever been at any
point of time I think four billion
people have access to the Internet oh
yeah glad ooh is that liberalism though
I mean I think when you kick Alden much
of the economic growth was like the 20th
century 21st century has been these like
authoritarian countries like China these
anti-liberal like
frickin like despotic countries like
this is where all the new a capitalist
economic growth is coming from like I
don't think this is being like a tribe
of liberalism this is been a triumph of
liberalism of like it was peripheral
democracy of us um I mean like those
particular countries might be but the
process of opening these countries up to
trade with other countries to kind of
support them you know developing
economies like China and India China and
India like I mean are growing larger
than the backs of being able to trade
with other countries and whatnot yeah I
mean it seems like globalization has
definitely helped here I mean that's
like you're operating under like so many
axioms they're just like it's like trade
is good because trade is good therefore
the world is improving because there is
more trade but I don't like necessarily
buy those like a baseline assumptions oh
I'm not just looking at trade I'm
looking at things like infant mortality
health care rates around the world
things like the rise in like GDP per
capita things like I guess like average
number of literate people like these
things all seem to be increasing across
African countries like pretty quickly
it's dramatic the coup do you think is
more responsible for that the sort of
like well IMF feels like liberal like
international institutions if you think
it's more responsible say China
investing billions upon billions of
dollars in these places is it that in
fact because of illiberal sort of
anti-democratic countries that were
sings it to rise and like grandeur of
living and these like animal countries
could be a combination of both no I mean
like in even if China was investing a
lot wait would it what exactly is the
problem with that look one of that is
that well if you claim to be a liberal
it should be a huge problem for you
because they are spread because I think
like China does not tie like things like
human rights to its aid so it's big
pretty if you if you're interested in
like spreading liberals and your
interests in spreading liberal values of
like democracy freedom and China yeah be
will be careful okay when you say spread
democracy and freedom this sounds like
imperialism to me I'm welcome to
liberalism okay sure I guess yeah so
maybe I should I'm not like the big like
imperialists like delivered democracy
all over the world or whatever just more
increasing people's access to global
markets and easing the integration of
all these separate countries in a global
market seems to be largely beneficial to
people around the world it seems to give
them access to cheaper goods seems to
increase their standards of living and
then it gives their markets like their
jobs and whatnot the ability to do
things that they weren't able to before
like even in China which is kind of
shady like the median wages that are
rising pretty quickly and they've got
like a growing middle class and whatnot
she seems to be good
yes because you again cite China but
China has got real thought by being a
liberal democracy or like a liberal
economy China has she'd its way to the
system it's acted in pure a bad faith it
acts like every single arrangement
engages in is a zero-sum game well make
China China has got rich by being anti
liberal and that's right but China got
rid of the backup free trade right China
needs trade in order for it to work
right that's where China is like China
is like the largest trading person of
the world right it's not really free on
their own because again they like they
choose yeah that's the country it's not
free on there they act like it's a
zero-sum game
whereas liberals are pretending that
it's a usually beneficial so what I
would say to you is that if you were
doing it if you're doing it like you
know you're doing a deal of someone and
they think and they think they're
[ __ ] you over but do you think it's
mutually beneficial is it like it what
is it is are you being [ __ ] over and
off I mean yeah I mean like that's not
um I mean it's not good China obviously
has a lot of bad practices they do right
now that we hope to get I mean like most
of the cases brought to the WTO seem to
roll out in in favor of countries that
are filing charges against them so I
mean like hopefully with large kind of
like multinational trade agreements
unfortunately we kind of a ban in the
TPP completely but like with these large
multinational trade agreements you kind
of hope to force China in line I'm not
arguing that China has been a great
actor on the global stage in terms of
how they approach trade I'm just saying
that the country is only able to get as
rich as they are because of global trade
right that without access to all of
those global markets they would probably
be pretty [ __ ] compared to whatever
definitely definitely yeah I think that
if you're worried about like the future
of liberalism going on to the 21st
century you don't you shouldn't be
worried about populism should be worried
about China because are the ones who
prove like the existential like baseline
threat when you know the these like sort
of non capitalist authoritarian actors
become the best like espouses of
capitalism that to me proved is a very
like existential or problem if you are a
little person I mean isn't trying to
liberalizing today compared to what they
were you know like 20 or 30 or 40 years
ago hasn't China's middle-class been
like kind of moving in that direction or
I'm not too sure I know that like the
wealth is held in very few hands the
government essentially controls all the
big like companies I don't think it's
very free at all it's very like
selective hmm China's been [ __ ]
well they don't [ __ ] - we're [ __ ] but
yeah I don't know just I mean like it
seems like if what you're saying is true
then
every country kind of like turning their
back on everyone else is kind of going
into their own [ __ ] is literally gonna
make things like a million times worse
not necessarily well cuz trying is still
gonna be there one single unified
country that's gonna be like out
competing the rest of the world and now
we kind of lose all of our leverage on
on China as a result because now we have
no more multinational trade agreements
or whatever no I mean because yes and my
model isn't an end to sort of
international cooperation my interest an
end like international government
governments and like if you if you view
like sort of international like
institutions as being the way to stop
China China has only gotten as powerful
as it has as it is fully engaged in
these sort of international
organizations like China's like big
represented the WTO China like has sort
of I don't know a crack these
institutions over the coal to extract
like a maximum benefit from them well
but that's I don't think I don't think
that's necessarily true I think in the
WTO I think the WTO generally favors the
party that brings the suit to the WTO to
rule against other people like we even
had a suit against him for that IP ship
but then we started the type of stuff so
I don't know if that's gonna go through
or not but I don't think China has been
able to abuse the WTO to get favorable
rulings like everything that I read
about the WTO seems to make it a pretty
decent organization if people actually
go through the process yeah I guess sure
um I'm not sure you see how you can see
this that China is engaging in these
sort of like liberal international
organizations while not being liberal
itself and it is heavily engaged and
heavily using them to extract like
benefit for itself so if you're viewing
like liberal institution ISM as a block
to China I would say to you liberal
institutionalism is what has enabled
China to have the rights that it has
yeah I guess but like if you wanted to
stand up to China I guess like the way
to do this is through these kind of like
larger trade agreements or through these
larger organizations right like the EU
as a whole represents a larger market
than China and has the ability to
theoretically bully or or force China's
hand to change but I mean like without
the EU like any individual country like
outside of maybe the US and a couple
others I don't know how much China is
going to care in terms of like being
pressured by somebody for trading
related stuff um I could like sort of
like theoretically buy your argument if
you say like expanded the EU beyond what
it is right now I'd say that you is an
American like would you support say the
integration of Russia into the EU
because everything you're saying right
now will be true Russia was part of the
EU that's a really hard one because
Russia has a very special
we're all in the world right now and it
way especially with NATO it seems like
we're not very friendly with each other
so that unfortunately it seems
impossible but I mean like I need a
virtual wanted - yeah but like in this
current world that's not possible right
like but theoretically yeah there would
be there would be good who's wasting is
like sort of problematic to me because
you were laying out this vision of the
EU as being a roadblock to sort of
Chinese domination when I actually lay
out the path work to you there would
enable the EU to actually be a proper
robot which means like integrating
Russia you immediately pull away from it
because now because if the EU integrated
Russia that would make it a threat to
America and a threat to American
interests you could actually stand up
for self and be the actual power you
claim it is I think that Americans
seemingly don't want that for some
reason well you Europeans don't want it
either right I mean like you guys kind
of show in the in the war of the US
versus the USSR I mean everybody kind of
most of the world sided with America it
seems I mean in terms of how NATO
everything works I mean if you guys
wanted to go to Russia route and say
[ __ ] off to America which hey after if I
can Trump I wouldn't [ __ ] you know I
could see the argument for it I mean if
you wanted to do that they ought to be
fine I'm just saying that like I mean
like in a perfect world like rush of the
US and I guess trying to it would all be
friends with each other I'm just saying
that like integrating integrating Russia
into the EU doesn't seem like anybody in
the West wants that right now I could be
wrong maybe that maybe the general
consensus around Europe is a lot
different but I'm not aware of that if
that's true oh no nobody wants it
because America isn't wanted because uh
as we know now I think was apparently
according to hordes I feel like the dock
at the document here mm-hmm
like wasn't EU in it's like origin
founding stages ostensibly an American
project meant designed to be the
counterbalance to the USSR I thought
it's your office a giant dude stabbed
drank trade bloc yeah I'm gonna link you
something you know the EU and it's like
very very like early origin J's was
ostensibly an American project
[Music]
what I don't think I can read this right
now
yeah it's a big-boy document with you uh
you google I think is like a Huffington
Post on how'd it go yeah my dude get
into us get into the true nature of the
year well I mean like I've read like a
lot of like the preliminary background
stuff I've just never like I've never
I've never heard that it was like a u.s.
project oh yeah Oh horse Americans have
always been bacon to the Year week for
us for one it's I think it's I think the
the official argument is that oh it's
just me you're just so much simpler so
much easier we can talk to one into
organization in service 20 I think the
actual reason is the EU sort of
enshrines American hegemony over Western
Europe and now I don't know
firstly the trade thing is true right if
I want to if I want to sell products to
any country in Europe all I have to do
is associate with the European Union
which is just grossly simplified that's
awesome that that is a really good thing
now whether or not that's not the real
reason I like you and it's because we're
trying US interest I mean like that my
country is shitty enough that I think it
would go for that either way whether or
not there was a European Union or not
also I don't know if I feel like don't
we use a NATO more than the eat European
Union to kind of like NATO and the UN in
order to kind of like push that foreign
US influence more so than like the
European Union like we expand NATO to
like include like other Eastern European
countries and [ __ ] like it isn't that
more kind of our aggressive like
geopolitical play rather than doing
things with the European Union um yeah
that's like coming up like a very
security like heavies perspective of it
we're sort of ignoring like a cultural
influence the sort of paid influence
economic influence the sort of ongoing
political domination of the European
Union huh like my like my general theory
is my genetic perspective is that like
the EU is designed to be certain
essentially as sub servants entity to
America and if we are larger than
America though isn't your GDP like twice
ours like yeah if you like mash
everyone's economy together it's
technically large but like that that
doesn't if you just a big number but
that's literally what the EU is you are
a unified
trade lock it's not just mashing
together that's what the European Union
represents like the largest unified
market in the world yeah be like you're
like trying to like determine economic
strength and you're doing it by just
like mashing everyone's GDP together and
being like here we go that's like an
accurate representation of like EU as a
whole will be a better every secession
[ __ ] I don't know it's not late stop
because it's not there's not like full
economic integration yet so you can't
like use that sort of like data it
doesn't like work like a would for our
country you're using using like number
design for a country and using it for
the EU which the use not there yet
essentially how is it not there because
the EU is not a federated nation of
states yet it's not the end States of
Europe yet well I don't think it needs
to be that's not what its goal was or at
least that's not as far as alright oh
yes yes it is yes it is I think in 1970
was a document that I said it's
tentacley that there was a goal desire
to be good to you well I mean I'm sure
somebody I'm sure people have said this
if this is like some random leader or
whatever saying like it would be nice if
one day this gonna but that's a lot
different than the EU is currently
trying to create like a federated nation
of nation-states across Europe well what
could the the EU has like take a common
phrase it's ever closer Union what does
that phrase mean to you it sounds like
something an antique globalist would say
because they feel like the EU is about
to create the EU army and March and
enforce every country to become part of
the EU states of Europe that's that's
like no Everclear the Union is a very
real thing David Cameron made a big deal
out of getting us on a sort of like
moral exemption from its when he was
doing is like sort of EU renegotiation
but no the EU has like it's on it's like
documented like seven times and like the
European archives said multiple times a
lot of political actors today and like
what saying that wasn't your the Dutch
guy I forget lots of local leaders today
still advocate a federalized Europe it's
not a it's not a niche thing anymore
well I mean I think you can make strong
arguments for it but I mean just because
the people to advocate for it I mean
that's always going to happen whether
everybody breaks up or not I don't think
that means that the EU is necessarily
going to become like a federalized
European country like the EU is gonna
become like the the country of Europe
you know again the more of the EU
operates under its ever closer Union
which means as time goes on they will
become increasingly integrated
what is I don't know what the end point
for like
increase forever integrationist - but my
to me the endpoint is an integrated unit
which would be essentially a country
right I mean I yes I mean I don't
necessarily think it has to be that like
I mean it could be ease of access to
different countries ease of trade I mean
like easing different I guess things
from country to country like I don't
know like I might another because
because the EU is a course and then an
economic and political union so ever
closer Union means politically and
economically we will be ever closer
linked you have to erase your individual
garlic even in the United States our
states all have like city like we have
state governments and we even have city
governments in the United States yeah
yeah it's very interesting cuz on the
actual like dr. Bennett said there it's
a very conceivable scenario where
individual European countries would have
less Authority what does it no less
sovereignty than an average American
state like these are like misses like on
tone document in like the EU Parliament
I mean there might be in documents but I
can practice I don't think this is even
remotely true no in practice oh is
integrate is integration alternis you
practice right now
no not like in in so far as like
countries are losing the ability to
govern themselves
yeah oh yes this if he's a pretty young
project I think it started in the 90s so
yeah not yet the EU stop started in like
the 50 60s didn't it I know it startles
like the European Economic Community and
the EU they can Falls at a later date
I'm sure with the nineties sure yeah
yeah the yeah but the precursors and
this is what I was because I thought the
precursors brought like trading blocks
or whatever yeah the Europe yeah the
European Economic Community was just
like which is economic Union then we
came then we had a political union and
that's when the trouble started
oh yeah I mean okay oh yeah yeah I don't
I don't think that's a good thing
sorry yeah I understand um ya know what
why don't I ask you a question
what would it take what would it take
out in your mind for me to convinced you
that like the EU would like not be an
optimal thing like is there any like
silver bow like and give you a what I
think we're I think we're so finally
different it's hard we can't really
communicate across to one another these
types of things because like for me like
I Val
you things like everything that I value
is going to be economically geared so
you would have to demonstrate to me that
um that the EU is not good economically
and then for you like you have different
values that are more important to you
you would argue that while maximizing
economic [ __ ] that doesn't matter if
it's not making people happy or if
people are more miserable or [ __ ] like
that's I imagine is something you would
say which is fine which is true but so
like we're kind of like yeah I don't
know how we would ever convince one
another money is everything get into
that liberalism dude that's peak
liberalism right though yeah it is yeah
I'm aware ABS absolutely Haram who knows
not bad yeah it's a respectable point
almost sure well I mean like my argument
my argument would go a step further
right like tech technology and money has
to serve you know people's happiness to
an end I do agree with you you brought
up like Rust Belt states and even in
even in Britain right there are people
that have been losers it would kind of
like these more globalized economic
practices it definitely happens and
you'd be an idiot to say otherwise but I
guess like my goal would be to find ways
to maintain the benefits of
globalization while helping those that
are the most affected whether it's be a
tax policy or something yeah but but but
still continue to reap the benefits of
that the technological advance for
instant although I guess yeah globalized
economy whatnot is is this the the
classic it's okay if they lose their
jobs they love cheaper iPhones argument
is this that well kind of but but more
so than that right you would find ways
to to redistribute winnings from the
redistribute earnings from the winners
to the losers for instance I'm so like
say for instance like Apple is getting
like massive [ __ ] benefits to massive
[ __ ] benefits you know from from
trading with China for iPhones or cheap
iPhones or some [ __ ] like now they're
benefitting so much off of that policy
may be an intelligent tax policy would
be something a tax system and
redistributes that money to people that
are most affected by these types of
things so if there are like people in
the US that would have manufactured
those products maybe money goes to them
either through education or some sort of
tax subsidy or something to tell those
people something like that something so
we can continue to reap the benefits and
then help the people that end up getting
left behind somehow ok so mass
industrial mass deindustrialization is
justified on virtue of all that love
cheaper like iPhones and then we'll have
a bit of welfare state to help them out
is that like sort of like your case oh
yeah basically yeah that I would want to
allocate
when I'm looking at like economic
resources my goal would be to allocate
these around the world as efficiently as
possible if China can build things
cheaper than the US then I would rather
let them capitalize on that comparative
advantage and then take advantage of
that and then find other things for
people in the u.s. to do yeah I get the
argument you're making but you're
setting off a lot of red flags for me
cuz we in like the UK we have like a
very like observable like model of that
exact same thing happening which would
be like sort of the north of England
where you have these do some big
industrial towns buying towns that were
like shut down under Margret Thatcher
uh-huh but like unlike the u.s. there
was actually a welfare state to like
support them but these places are not
happy places by virtue of welfare
they're very um stagnant very
emotionally like dead oh yeah for sure
places like Detroit in the United States
these once massive like manufacturing
areas in the US yeah are completely dead
and people there feel like [ __ ] I agree
but I mean like my the thing is I don't
think we can live in the past I don't
think that you can ever like
freeze-frame something it's like well
this is what its gonna look like for
next 200 years you know industries die
you know P we have to figure out ways to
adjust and move on that's kind of like
the way of the new world right it's
leaving things in the past that are in
the past then figuring our new ways to
adapt and move on if you don't someone
else will it's something that might be
my inner liberal capitalist talking
again but I mean yeah III don't want to
go back to the past I just think we I
just think we've chosen the wrong future
yeah I guess but I mean like if we I
mean if you have two options in front of
you and one is like you continue to
manufacture [ __ ] in your own country at
twice the cost and that it impacts
people's ability to either purchase
those products or to start other
businesses I mean I don't know that just
seems like good not just so that some
people can maintain their happiness
because they can't find purpose outside
of like a job or something I don't know
yeah that just seems I don't know I
don't I don't like that feature I feel
like humans can do more I feel actually
even like under your own model you're
acknowledging that either way we are
going to be paying for these people in
one way or the other whether it's
welfare benefit so like artificially
supporting their like industries under
which version of events is like the
superior outcome achieve taxation 100%
because taxation oh yeah because
taxation can be targeted if I want to
levy attacks to help somebody I can put
that tax exactly where I needed to go in
my economy if Apple is making massive
[ __ ] gains off the global trade then
I can put the tax exactly on them and
make them pay for it which is good I
like that whereas if we do like if we
keep all the manufacturing here well
poor people spend a greater percentage
of their income on goods and wealthy
people so if you need to buy a car or
something in your poor it's going to be
more income than other than a wealthy
person that cost ends up getting spread
out to society in very uneven ways and
that could be detrimental to other
people in the country that can't relate
for those things and then I think that
that's much worse than then yeah then
effectively targeting something with
some sort of tax policy I mean I don't
know it just seems to be there like
under either model Greg knowledge that
we are going to have to pay for like
these like poor Russ propelled workers
one way or the other I guess that's true
under my system we provide means for
them to like derive meaning via
employment instead of just like laying
there to rob sanity right or like be
forced to move like somewhere else where
the more like the jobs are it seems to
me it's like under when I'm under my
case like the social harms on your side
are so extreme and devastating like the
human spirit that I really can't find
them tenable I think like moral level
yeah I mean I can understand what you're
saying I guess that on my level I would
just hope that um I mean I guess on your
level yours might work because people
never really see what they're missing
maybe people would think that it's
normal that like a poor person just
shouldn't be able to afford a very good
cell phone or a poor person shouldn't be
able to afford you know some product or
that certain businesses just shouldn't
exist because people don't have the
money to spend at those types of
businesses but I feel like in my level
in my area because economics isn't a
zero-sum game that when when countries
take advantage of the opportunities and
advantages of each country that it opens
up the people and every country to do
more stuff so for instance like in in
your world like we can keep
manufacturing in the United States and
then we can say [ __ ] you China tariff
your [ __ ] we're gonna make our own
products here but then the at the end of
the day I mean yeah we we get to help
some small subset of Americans keep
their jobs you know manufacturing things
and plans but now every single person in
the u.s. that has to buy products and
them is going to be impacted every
single person the u.s. that wants to
make a business or sell another product
is impacted as well cuz people won't
have as much money to spend because
they're wasting money keeping that small
subset of Americans happy and I don't
like that alternative I guess I mean
yeah but like all part of purely
economic you cannot work like you saw
all what our peel economics are you owe
the all the harms resistant you're like
purely economic surely or philosophy
like sort of transcends that even
slightly I mean I mean like where is the
room for like happiness and community or
like any of the things that like makes
America America beyond just dollar signs
like surely there's something great a
sense of like being or social contract
or like need to help your fellow people
yeah and I mean like this is all kind of
I mean when I'm using economic terms but
but economics is just a means to an end
you know like somebody being able to
start a business and then sell
you know instruments on a block is
probably gonna give them a lot of
fulfillment and if people have the money
to support a business like that because
they're spending less on common goods
and products it's probably a really good
thing you know well our our poor people
who you know maybe our middle-class even
that have the ability to have like you
know cool gizmos and gadgets and [ __ ]
you don't probably the ability to call
people on a cell phone whatever or the
ability to buy a car or purchase some
other thing I mean it's probably like a
decent thing rather than kind of living
and realizing like oh well if you're
poor you just don't get certain types of
technology I guess now obviously in and
of themselves like none of this makes
people happy I don't know if I would
necessarily say that just working a job
makes people happy either
but um yeah I don't know I feel like the
burden would be on you as well like I
don't know if if I would say that just
because we've kept around like certain
manufacturing jobs now people have
purpose and happiness in life that's
where I would want people to find that
we're not we're not purpose of happiness
but they have like meaning to their
lives they have something to makes them
them so they like beyond being just like
this you know sort of this like thinks
this automaton this globalized world
they are the miner from Mississippi and
with in line of like a long generation
of my rose
they have like a long family history
they have something in this world to
which they belong which reus them in
place and that I say that that sort of
like route that sort of like cultural
route in history like sort of prevents
things like extremis and prevents things
like nationalism prevents things like
even like racism that sort of thing
because because the people really only
turn to these like extreme forms of like
nationalist exclusionary meaning when
like the traditional meaning is shipped
from them like I'm saying is it like
you're not really a even that I think
I'm not getting like the social harm
level I think what you're saying is like
a little bit problematic because to me
like your economic system I see is being
somewhat like intrinsically unfair
because I mean I mean I sort of get it
right because like globalization also
causes like an increase of inequality
around the world not a second observable
like reality so like from my lecturer
like perspective I mean like sort of
neoliberal economics you're a system of
being sort of like Higgs wealth and
production away from like small states
who is it to like big coastal
Californian states and how is that not a
redistribution of wealth from the poor
to the rich like how is that a fair
justifiable system well I mean the goal
is to continue the education level of
your people and give them opportunities
to work on jobs they didn't have a farm
are you gonna tell them to code
don't you do it don't you be so cheeky
well I mean like obviously for some
people that's not I mean like you say
that's cheeky but you're literally
telling me that people who go and work
shitty [ __ ] factory jobs or their
whole lives are gonna find meaning in
that I think feel like I can make yours
are just as cheeky as mine the reality
is is that if you're like a 60 year old
[ __ ] trucker you're probably not
gonna go back and get your undergrad and
Comp Sci I'm not an idiot of course but
in terms of like education or whatnot
yeah we have way more people that work
service related jobs in the US this is a
service economy now in the u.s. more so
than that have existed at any other
point in in US history and more and more
people are learning to get into those
engineering type jobs that which is why
I think we should invest more in
education why not which I think is
largely positive yeah I I mean I can
understand you making my arguments are
cheeky but you literally telling me that
the only way that a person can derive
meaning or social cohesion or stability
is to be able to go down to the [ __ ]
factory to work you know from from 8:00
to 6:00 every day I don't know that
seems kind of sad to me I don't know I
think you're like sort of conflating
like lower-class employment with bad
employment or like it seems to be like a
love like classism like emanating from
your speech right some thing it's like
why would someone want to be anything as
lowly and vile and debase as a truck
worker or a McDonald's worker you know
these such things have no value in our
economy but surely like from even a
basic economic level like we need these
people in our economy we need these sort
of low-wage low-skill workers and you
know I don't think I don't think it's
cuz something's like low skill low pay
that it's bad
we're derived value so when I'm going to
be shunned and hated well I'm not saying
first of I never said anything should be
shown and hated we absolutely do need
these jobs when I say bad I'm usually
talking with respect to the amount of
happiness a person is able to pursue and
I mean like if you have to do like
back-breaking shitty work and in a
factory every day and you don't have as
much time to see your kids you don't
have the ability to take a vacation ever
you don't even have and then this is a
little different to like in the u.s. we
don't get vacation hours or any of that
[ __ ] either
yeah I don't know I mean I think those
jobs are going to contribute to a lot
more misery than somebody that can work
you know a comfier job that allows them
to stay healthier to keep their body
safer that doesn't have as many risks
post to their life that allows them to
take vacation time and spend more time
with their family yeah I would maybe I
guess it maybe it sounds like classism
but I mean yeah I feel like more people
is sending to like middle-class jobs and
not having to do back-breaking or
miserable work that doesn't pay as much
or give them as much flexibility in
their lives is generally a good thing to
work the higher paying
yeah okay but if that is true if I am to
actually buy that argument that the sort
of current neoliberal economic system
was causing an increase in happiness why
is suicide increasing every single year
why is it well caribou I never said I
never said it was causing an increase in
happiness I don't think I could back
that up with any data I'm pretty sure we
have like more depression and [ __ ] today
I think it's hard to say because it's
hard to say whether or not it's just
being diagnosed or not but I mean like
one thing that I can agree with you one
that is interesting that nobody really
talks about is I do think this kind of
like new liberal obsession over GDP over
all other [ __ ] things is really
[ __ ] cancerous and I do agree that
that what I said to Rendon okay yeah
yeah yeah and I do agree that we clearly
have [ __ ] failed miserably in helping
people become happier that just giving
people more economic access doesn't make
people happier and giving people access
to more technology in some cases
demonstrably makes people less happy
like people that spend time on social
media and whatnot I totally agree with
that but I don't feel like that I don't
feel like that unhappiness is caused by
like neoliberal policies I feel more
like we just haven't really spent any
time teaching people how to be happy and
now we have more tools today than we
ever had before to achieve happiness
it's just nobody really knows how to use
them properly is what it feels like to
me
I just think why didn't people need to
be taught be taught to be happy before
um I don't know probably cuz your life
was so simple and you didn't really
think about as much that like you had
this like baseline level of happiness
that you were kind of content not doing
as much would be my guess I mean it's
just like because I the way I've done
your argument is that well how can I
advocate for like coal mining coal
mining is a very like miserable job
people are miserable doing it uh-huh but
like you like you don't like leaning at
the correlation between mixer of the
decline in coal mining and the rise in
suicide like surely if I was to be like
a very bad statistics are like immensely
correlated well like so I mean what I
would first of all suicide hasn't like
recently astronomically or something
okay it's definitely increased but it's
not like half our populations kind of
selling um at least in the US even I
don't know about the UK numbers people
are saying in the UK suicide has fallen
since the 1998 whatever I don't know if
that's true or a record low you guys are
at a record low suicide for men oh yeah
big um invest a lot of money on it yeah
well look there you go there's an
example of ego there's an example of
taking like if you invest a lot of money
in it you're doing it because you're
benefiting off of economic policies you
can effectively tax their industries and
you can allocate money in areas to
improve the
being of the citizens I mean that's a
good thing if that's true yeah no no I
can you are correct on that but to me
that seems like sort of like a more like
right it's like she's like your model to
me so we're gonna we're going to sort of
like cause all this damage then we're
gonna like bring in the welfare state to
save the day that's just like a bandage
and like your overall cure just like
well coal miner well you know person
from Virginia just learn to code learn
to like just like educate yourself more
for like I don't know dude surely like I
mean like yeah it's what I'm proposing
is not simple and I would never pretend
it to be simple it's absolutely like and
and even what you're proposing sorry
everything is insanely [ __ ]
complicated these days unfortunately
because in large part because of the
amount of globalization that exists
right a policy that is enacted in
California could have a dramatic impact
on people in [ __ ] African countries
right like it's so much [ __ ] I just
think that like basically what might my
goal is is that I think that I think
that technology and wealth have the
capability not necessarily well but have
the capability of making people happier
I I think that so my goal when I look at
any sort of economic or political
philosophy is what can I do to grow that
economic pie as large as possible
because the larger that is and then once
that economic pie is so huge we can use
certain tools you know fiscal tools or
whatever to reallocate some of that
economic pie to different areas in
society to make people happier so in the
u.s. maybe this would look something
like doing something about our horrible
[ __ ] health care or maybe doing
something about our horrible [ __ ]
education right like things like these
that would ultimately go towards making
people healthier and happier right if
you have more education you can work
better jobs and whatnot you're not dying
because you have cancer you live longer
right stuff like that I know was really
doing you like technology can bring
men's happiness
I'm not arguing against technology I'm
arguing against the the current like
economic and political system that's
causing this misery I mean yeah there's
nothing wrong with self-driving cars we
have to like sort of like take into
account like factor the human experience
and the human suffering right and like
we have to do something's like what do
you think about economic inequality um a
long time ago I didn't really care about
it because as long as poor people are
fine that's okay but I'm pretty sure
inequality like very very highly
correlated predicts a lot of social
unrest so it's probably a bad thing yeah
but like then how do you like square
that with like globalization being liked
we tied to a rise in like mass
inequality um well the the Inuk
I mean the poor people send we be
getting wealthier but the problem is the
inequality comes from the wealthy people
getting insanely [ __ ] wealthy it
seems like we probably need to find ways
to redistribute some of the wealth away
from the insanely [ __ ] wealthy people
that being said the only way to
effectively do that is with with with
globalized governments as well right
because you can't tax the [ __ ] out of
wealthy people in one country because
they'll just piece the [ __ ] out and go
to another one so you need a way to
enforce this type of stuff like
multilaterally I mean yeah I I agree but
I don't think like multi Multi LA was
multilateralism like necessitates
international government I mean I think
this thing we can do I mean I guess it
doesn't get like right with that I mean
international government just makes
everything easier rather than having to
like ratify treaty after treaty like in
the EU if you guys want to pass some
sort of like restriction or legislation
or something or some sort of trade thing
that impacts all of you like you guys
couldn't like you well is it your
Commission that proposes legislation and
the parlor just votes on it and that's
done and it's like so [ __ ] easy and
that process is so streamlined and so
quick where I was like if you wanted to
change something like a multilateral
trade agreement I imagine the process
for doing that can probably get pretty
complicated or be more messy especially
because you'd have to do it for multiple
multilateral trade agreements like I
don't know just seems like a really
[ __ ] II I mean I don't know it is
you say you're quite liberal but
everything you're saying to me is like
is setting up a low of like red flags
like intrinsic authoritarianism it's
like why do we have to do all this like
dumb Democratic [ __ ] like where do you
like to talk and negotiate why can't we
just like pass the treaties via this
like international government well the
international government is that way
wait with me the international
government is democratically elected
what do you mean oh I don't know my
dudes wait everything in the EU is
democratically elected what do you mean
I don't really well yes really wait what
do you mean not really I'm the youth
that's a huge amount of work we call it
sort of democratic it has a big like
democratic deficit it's like wait I will
take it even like the European Council
right like they're not directly elected
by anyone just cuz it's not directly
elect own from your members of
parliament who are directly elected yeah
I get that which is why I didn't say
undemocratic I said democratic deficit
wait wait so well in the US then is
every single thing we do a democratic
deficit I've heard this argument before
but like this it almost sounds like it's
boiling down to like if you don't
literally vote it it'd be a referendum
it's not democracy
um what American system you're talking
about wait for what oh I'm sorry so like
in the in the United States we well
actually I'm pretty sure [ __ ]
everywhere you generally have things
except like Switzerland of democracy so
you elect officials and those people are
the ones that vote on your behalf right
hmm which is that should be the
Parliament but it isn't but yeah wait
how is it not the EU Parliament cuz the
Parliament essentially acts as a just
rubber-stamping because they can
actually oppose legislation if you know
but the people that proposed legislation
is isn't it one head from each of your
states are the people that is it you
said is it not the eat is it that you
Commission isn't that one person from
each of your Member States of the EU
that's elected from your members of
parliament that are elected yet the
Commission are unelected bureaucrats but
they are appointed and then the
commissioner likes more bureaucrats and
then they like more bureaucrats and you
get to a point where if you want to take
down someone in the EU Parliament there
is such a [ __ ] obtuse line to like
getting any sort of like democratic like
knife or any way to like get back at
them that like there is a huge like
deficit that I mean this is true you
have to suddenly get there has to be
like accountability for like democracy
to be an actual thing right he has a
very like unaccountable institution
because because like the bureaucrats or
thinks so like far from any like sort of
election I mean you're like couldn't I
say the same thing about your own prime
ministers though oh so you don't vote on
your prime ministers you don't know like
them at all no no okay unaccountable
daren't people like pissed at like
Cameron or whatever like that people
will do [ __ ] and then just like piece
the [ __ ] out of the government and
there's no accountability there no
because everyone's directly accountable
to their MP and their MP chooses the
Prime Minister so that's that is the way
that one has like this sort of like an
eight line to like accountability right
well isn't your wouldn't you argue the
EU Commission is directly accountable to
the members of parliament who are voted
on literally directly by everybody in
the Member States of the EU yeah and
they're counted but like there is a
deficit that it's known as Democratic as
it should be how would you like a
proposed change B well I would have the
U Parliament be actually able to propose
legislation but which is a bit of a
about that of course be her require that
giving them like more sovereignty but
like if they were I don't know could you
can't your members apart I'm so I don't
know the entire ins and outs but if I
had to be I would put money on this my
guess is going to be that
if someone in the eu-parliament thought
that there was a good legislation to be
passed they would probably just talk to
the head of your members of parliament
who are in the EU Commission and just
suggested through them no wouldn't that
be the way that they would do it I'm
sure there's something sort of I I'm not
really sure that I'm not really sure
like what like well like let's say for
instance how many members of parties are
in the UK MEP Zorin babies I mean any
piece sorry I mean he's no [ __ ] clear
no I know so you have 73 you have 73 MEP
is in the United Kingdom right so my
guess is that if any of your members of
the European Parliament any of them
wanted to like pass legislation or
suggest legislation they would probably
just talk to whichever one of those guys
is on the EU Commission and do it no no
no because that if you surf is where
you're trying to draw like immense
parallels between like the EU and like
the UK Parliament or even the US
government yeah they get bit like I
don't know like say let's say you're the
person like the UK who's like you're
very into climate change you wanna you
want like the EU to like past and likes
of green legislation right nobody what
you do is that you'd go to like your MP
MP would like LOI the government and
that's how you get your voice heard like
what do you do if you're like a European
citizen you go to your MEP Jeremy P goes
to Parliament and there's like not
really like a clear defined way for them
like proposed the legislation you as a
citizen want well that is where the
deficit comes in yeah but that deficit
is is actually an example of democracy
like your problem there is that what you
are pointing towards is wanting
authoritarianism and democracy standing
your way the reason why it would be so
hard to do it is because you need so
many people to come together in an
agreement for it that it would be more
difficult to do like all of the members
of parliament or at least a majority I
don't know exactly what the threshold is
for passing legislation you would have
to get tons of countries together to
democratically vote on and agree on
these things right they would have to
vote on members of parliament that all
our Arin majority is supportive that but
like the ability to just do something
very easily and quickly that's like the
that would be like an authoritarian type
of thing like one person wants to go to
one person in government and then have
that suggested and quickly passed
through which seems less democratic on
the other thing notice pens like sort of
like what is the acceptable degree of
separation from the people who make the
actual like executive decisions and the
people who are on the extra like
electoral public because if you're like
if you're how about UK Parliament
there's like literally one level divided
it's you you're M
and then legislation never talked about
the EU it's you your MEP then as the
Commissioner you've no saying I'm aside
for who you vote for but like you've
never real control over that and as you
think you have to like sort of like it's
a I really don't like this idea that you
have no control over it like would you
agree with me if I told you you have no
control over your Prime Minister well
okay no control like no control there
should be sure do you think you guys
should vote on your prime minister like
the u.s. votes on their president not
really no why not cuz seems like a
pretty bad system the old presidential
system um it seems like he was like it
involves a lot of like ah but we have
like more democracy than you doesn't
wouldn't you argue that's a good that we
have more democracy than you because we
can directly vote on our leader how is
it that the UK is like it's interesting
me like you talk about red flags your UK
Prime Minister you have like the perfect
level of democracy there but in the EU
it's not enough and in the u.s. it's too
much I don't understand
well I think the president system is
like a huge tool of like a la berry and
corruption which is like what I'm not
really down for but that has nothing to
do with with democracy or not that just
has to do with you whether you think we
fund our elections responsible in the
u.s. is okay I'm just curious why you
think that are not voting on your prime
minister is okay but then when it comes
to like EU Parliament stuff like there's
too much separation I'm sorry I think I
think I've lost this we can you like
like I don't understand you say that in
the EU Parliament that there's two years
too many steps removed from being able
to vote on legislation or being able to
propose legislation even though your
European Commission members literally
come from your members of parliament
that are directly voted on by you guys
but you say they're you're too many
steps removed there so I'm curious why
you think it's good that your Prime
Minister's are just appointed by your
parties that they don't actually you
don't vote on your prime minister at all
they're just appointed by whatever I
think the majority party is or whatever
right um yeah because from what my
understanding is that because they're
not presidential system the Prime
Minister is more sort of like a lead
figurehead figure right whereas in
Fresno system like the president has
actual like executive like overriding
power I don't think that's reason I can
like veto the Parliament I think is just
like so like he's like the figurehead
essentially so I am totally I do not
know the ins and outs of the UK are I
very briefly kind of understand how your
partner works so but like isn't Theresa
May a pretty important
like like aren't there a lot of talks
recently about like Theresa Mayes brexit
deal that she's like the figurehead at a
person in charge of like kind of
negotiating a lot of these types of
things isn't she more than just a
figurehead doesn't like I mean not
really she has like a practice secretary
who like does it negotiating for huh
but like yeah I was like yeah again as a
free mister you really just like a
figurehead like mobilizer for your party
more like a cheerleader essentially or
as a president has like a executive
power and I would be like the main
difference there right well I see it's
easy for you to confuse that because
like in recent years the UK system has
come like heavily Americanized where we
sort of like treat it like it is a
president assistant but like in
actuality it's not it shouldn't be
probably um you know I I get your
critique memo I get your critique and
it's I it's very well placed uh sure
hold on [ __ ] people are saying that
you're not representing the UK
government accurately but I don't know
what it wait so what exactly is he said
that you guys disagree Cameron resigned
and may got picked with no democratic
input I don't think he would disagree
that she ran for election by 2017 there
was an election in UK PM has way more
power than the US president I'm almost
100% positive that is absolutely not
true there's no [ __ ] way that's true
there's no way that's true without
knowing anything about the UK I can
almost positive that's not true
the US president literally makes [ __ ]
Supreme Court appointments there's no
way that the UK Prime Minister has more
power than the US president I mean you
may have like some powers but like
nowhere near like US president powers
yeah we should which is why I was sort
of objected to like the conflation the
to brags at secretaries during the
negotiations have said they've done
literally nothing or they literally had
nothing to do with the deal and a
parliamentary majority the PM is
literally the king the PM has a lot of
say in brags and negotiations and brags
of secretaries I'm excited in like the
state of negotiation ISM PMS as much
power as I do control over the party the
PM is more like Pelosi Pelosi
[Music]
it's policy the House Majority Leader
right now hold on I'm saying yeah okay
Speaker of the House is Hospital um okay
she has a lot of facking power the role
and powers of the Prime Minister okay I
can't read all this right now okay
nevermind I don't care too much about
this I'm oh wait speaker is not Majority
Leader what's the difference u.s.
president separate from an equal to
Congress the UK in the UK the Prime
Minister is a member within the house
and has a lot of behind the scenes poll
but that's about it so okay so like the
UK Prime Minister is more or less equal
to like the Speaker of the House or the
or the like the Senate majority leader
whatever right after it seems I don't
know too much about that
they're people they basically they exist
within the confines of like that
legislative body pretty much whereas in
the United States the president is its
own separate kind of like functional
power that cannot veto the entire our
entire legislative body but um okay yeah
nevermind but that's it getting bogged
down in these details are not important
yeah I don't I don't buy I don't buy
that argument as much that that it's not
democratic I don't know I just
it feels like it's it's I mean it
functions as a representative democracy
probably should is what it feels like to
me I don't know if he would send me that
it would uh it was like necrotic we have
to be I would say someday we
representative and if you looked like
sort of in Europe how broadly opposed
things like TTIP or the TPP were but yet
they were so being like actively
proposed nightly pursued by the EU
Parliament it was just like you know
clearly there was like some like
division here between like people
electing representatives and make the
actual actions they're taking way but
didn't the TPP die in Europe isn't that
isn't hello it's just a trump didn't
Trump commit well it was dead under
Obama in the US but that doesn't mean
the EU can't participate no oh I know
you're sure it was dead under Obama it
was dead under Obama I don't even know
if the TPP was yeah if it should be
involved the EU but in terms of the
United States negotiating the TPP that
was it was dead under Obama yeah well
[ __ ] but yeah I don't know it just seems
to me that sort of like there's this
like big divide between the fight
between I sort of like the bureaucrats
representing the countries in the actual
like
political opinions of people in the
country so I'm sorry people you're
saying the TTIP yeah
oh that's something you're totally
different yeah I'm sorry okay I'm sorry
hold on real quick for people saying
Obama was a TV be the TPP was 100
percent dead and the last half of
Obama's term that was never ever ever
passing Congress it's why were the a it
was [ __ ] Champa takes credit for
killing it but the TPP was 100 dead
under Obama that was never ever ever
passing but I don't know anything about
TTIP sorry
Oh cause Oh God even I lost find
Atlantic trade and investment parted
partnership is a proposed trade
agreement between the European Union and
the United States oh okay okay
yeah I don't know anything about this so
I can't speak to whether or not yeah
people like this like is there like yeah
I guess like to Mort more broadly are
there like large things that the EU does
that like most of the members of the EU
don't like um well if you look the
things I sort of the policy of like I
think it's I think no she was actually
go but it's like like the forced
resettlement of refugees who've came to
Germany that's like mildly opposed by
pretty much everyone but like you say
wildly opposed but Angela Merkel
supported that like that was something
that like for at least why I'm wary
where's she now where is our darling
Angela she kicked out of her own party
for being so unpopular yeah but you're
giving me an example the system working
like she supported something at lost
populated with Germans and then she
house Ted is the leader of the
government yeah populist uprising my do
to get into it yeah but but I mean
you're sure what you're showing me is
the system working like will be if I
like your example would make more sense
if she was like if she held on to power
despite the fact that she lost
popularity and
right but the fact that the fact that
she decided to resign whatever as like
evidence that the system seems to be
working does that not make sense wait
did she actually win reelection people I
think she went okay hold on real quick
hold on two real quick things cuz Chad
is freaking out firstly when I say the
TV was dead on Obama I don't mean Obama
killed it Obama was a supporter about
I'm pretty sure even Hillary was am a
supporter or two but it was dead under
the Obama administration as in like it
died in in in during Obama's presidency
Obama sit was a huge support of the TV
be okay and Hillary was as well that's
I'm not saying that Obama killed it if
that's what you think no Anglin Merkel
is stepping down she's resigning she
didn't get
[ __ ] like ice did like people didn't
violently throw out but I'm pretty sure
uncle Merkel is resigning because she's
losing popularity no one is saying that
she got like [ __ ] like kicked the
[ __ ] out or that everyone for hates her
but I'm pretty sure her reason to resign
it's largely tied into effect she's not
as popular anymore right am i if I'm
incorrect on that please correct me but
I shut the [ __ ] up holy [ __ ] oh dear
your chats wildin my dude yeah holy my
toes Superman she won a fourth term in
2018 who decided to run again in 2021 I
thought I thought she was largely
influenced by that because she felt like
she wasn't doing as good of a job and
she was losing support in her party he
said that he got he said that she got I
don't think he okay I'm sorry did you
mean that she literally got kicked out
of her party it's not a treaty what I
said that like she was like losing
popularity yeah no [ __ ] Jesus [ __ ]
okay sorry
yes so Angela Merkel in response to a
lot of the immigration stuff especially
has lost support in her party I
that's something that I am aware of and
my understanding of it is that that's
part of the reason why she is stepping
down or maybe even the central reason
for why she's stepping down as being
yeah okay yeah no I got she be like the
case you were making to me was that oh
yes so the case I was making was oh
sorry going yeah she the fact that she
is stepping down shows that well it's
working it's not undemocratic like
people are no but that's more on a
German like and she wasn't like
president that you unless I was wrong
there that's more national thing you're
looking like things like sort of like an
EU level right the fact that the EU was
like so like heavily behind like the
force like resettlement of like migrants
in Germany but like across at the
European continent is so like widely
opposed that was I thought that was up
to each country to determine how many
refugees are capable taking in right
what am I wrong I could swear they're
going to find countries didn't take them
in I don't think they're I don't think
forced resettlement was or at least not
like in the levels of that like country
thing I mean for like France is like for
Sweden I don't think Sweden was forced
to take on as many immigrants as they
did I don't know a pizza or something
for Germany the Germany wasn't forced to
take in as many immigrants it worked
they won't know they were I believe
threatening countries like Poland I
believe just hope taking the minerals
get fined
sure if you don't take in any sure but I
mean like that kind of makes sense like
if didn't come from them would have to
come from like the UN or something right
like I mean don't you wouldn't you want
a burden of refugees to kind of be like
split across a continent rather than
like all focused in a single country um
no I'm well we're talking about refugee
policy now
um yeah maybe this is kind of like a
different topic but like let's say there
are a bunch of refugees coming from a
certain area wouldn't you want if you
were a country when you want the ability
to say like hey you guys all need to
like kind of share this burden rather
than like well we're the first stop so
we're taking it literally everybody or
we're gonna have to deal with this huge
[ __ ] problem I mean that's an okay
perspective the take but like I would
actually plays out in reality is that it
just results in like a huge like rush
from a true like the poor European
countries to get into like the richer
European countries to like I don't know
get like better like welfare settlements
I felt like that so like Angela Merkel's
policy like played out and real live it
wasn't an equal division it was a very
it's it's still just as clustered as it
once was right um
[Music]
right cuz now instead of like clustering
I'm like Italy they're all clustered
Germany and they're in Calais and
they're in France and they're clustering
in the richer countries now so I don't
think you like solved like the problem
you purport to be solving well rather
than like literally like all like
several million like sitting and
whatever the first country they come
into like Turkey or whatever I don't
know as much about like the resettlement
policies of the EU so but but I mean
like like it seems like this is
something that has to happen regardless
otherwise you're literally just gonna
have a [ __ ] ton of people like stopping
in the first country they get to and
shouldn't that be like wasn't that what
a refugee is when you're just like
literally just seeking safety like one
yeah but like if five million Syrians
show up in one country I don't know if
like one country is able to take on that
many people without it having like a
severe detriment yeah okay I can like
theoretically like by that argument but
like not to me just seems like to be a
reason to like give more aid money like
why does that necessitate like the
actual resettlement well because I don't
know if one country can handle
resettling that maybe like if you have a
stronger economy you probably have more
demand for these people and more places
for them as well no I mean maybe but
then that that's like that's economic
migration that's a complete different
topic well I mean there's a we're saying
like actually should we take these
people in because they're economically
viable and like not necessarily
economically viable but that you have
the economic viability to support them
right like a country like Germany or the
UK is probably gonna be able to support
more refugees than like Greece right
yeah then the UK should by should
P for us to give more money or should
willingly give up more money to refugee
camps - how what do you think would be
so I'm just gonna guess what would
happen if you were in the UK let's say
it theoretically there were refugees
that were settling in like Germany and
the UK is being forced to send money to
Germany for aid it seems like you guys
would get even madder at that than the
then the refugees actually going to your
own country um no not really the UK do
you think is a lot of money in like a -
like refugee camps already I think it's
like yeah but I'm saying like if instead
of Sri settling anybody at all you
literally force to ship like hundreds of
millions of dollars of these countries
are not even for to say they reseed us
to give us the alternative saying we'll
even you take them in where you give us
the money I think that's like probably
the better option right
like yeah I guess maybe I mean
alternatives like good I guess if you
want to choose you know it seems like a
win-win to me you're right yeah yeah cuz
I mean I don't know how do you feel
about the old refugee crisis there's a
lot of different parts of it which part
specifically why not just in general how
about the how do you feel about the
European response to it
I mean I would have to go look up more
specifics it seems like in the countries
that I'm familiar with it seems like
Sweden probably took on too many people
it seems like Germany is doing just fine
I don't I don't see any problems there
although a lot of people seem to say
there are I know that there's like a big
wave of kind of like populist movements
that are growing the parties that used
to get like three to five percent
support are getting like 15 to 18
percent supporting show that that's kind
of happening all across Europe now yeah
I don't know if it's directly in
response to this refugee thing but I
think a lot of it plays into it
I mean populism is a back to things a
bad thing the rise of populism in Europe
yeah cringe oh my why why why my do
because I'm very anti nationalistic so I
don't yeah I'm not very big like on the
concept of like a nation or or like that
that that that that thing doesn't it's
not something I care about that much I
guess yeah so you actually think agains
like they actually like fundamental
concept of a nation-state
the fundamental concept of a
nation-state insofar as you need like a
federal body that legislates things
within the
orders of a country to maintain control
and safety and [ __ ] that's probably good
but the idea that people die in a lot of
their identity and use it as a means to
excellent other people I'm not
comfortable with that idea I guess but
yeah but I'm like on this hyper little
[ __ ] like individualism [ __ ] so I
mean I understand that that position
it's probably pretty extreme and we just
seems like so your main objection of
nationalism is an actually nationalism
but the like perceived exclusion that
comes with it I guess like more more
MORE
more fundamentally I'm not a very big
group group person like I'm very big and
like people kind of like trying to
figure out things that make them happy
on their own or things that they like or
dislike on their own and every time I
see people get very stuck into like
groupthink or big group mentalities and
they start to draw their meaning from
that I feel that it's like a detriment
to personal development so like as an
example of this I'll give like very very
very unserious examples right do you
play video games at all yeah okay sure
so I play video games obviously I
[ __ ] played readings my whole life
and I [ __ ] love video games right now
I'm a PC gamer cuz it's just that's just
what I've been playing for the past like
15 years and like I would say that like
I'm a person that plays PC games but
then there are people that call
themselves PC gamers right and these are
people who like it seems like in order
to be part of this group you end up
joining like PC master-race and you
spend like half your time [ __ ] on
people that play like consoles and it's
like just because you have the group
identity of being X doesn't mean you
have to [ __ ] on everybody this is why I
like that's so cancerous I notice that
there are a lot of people that do that
that in order to find meaning or
happiness or purpose in life you take on
some group identity and so many group
identities necessitate the exclusion of
people that don't fit into that group
identity and that's a huge negative and
I don't see the positive in joining that
group like if you could find like this
meaning in other ways whatever that's
kind of like a personal thing and the
next and that's like Nations I as well I
guess
it's just it's such a weird concept to
me because surely hmm like because
things like Cohen that guys are like
constructivist like lens right like
things only exists because we ignore
much like the existence of the other all
right the only reason that like france's
friends in Germany is Germany because we
acknowledge like Germans or Germans in
the French or French and there's a
difference they're like seems to me
they're like I mean I didn't I just
don't see like why do you have like this
such like intrinsic issue like
differences like acknowledging
differences I guess like group
differences that are based on things
that don't matter to me so like I can
I don't when I think of like myself like
I don't think of myself as a an American
that's not like an important part of my
identity or if I met somebody else and
they were German or French or whatever I
mean like it's the only thing that
usually tells me was like an accent but
like I don't really care past that too
much and whether or not I had to think
of things that are good for like certain
groups of people are bad for singers
you're like marking lists like by
country I don't know I'm just not like
super big on drawing I don't get any
meaning or a purpose or satisfaction or
anything from calling myself an American
I guess
so you precedent get like you get no joy
out of so you feel like ice it is sort
of a citizen of the world sort of like
modern cosmopolitan yeah aren't you just
extra' like projecting your experiences
onto the entirety of humanity
oh yeah 100% this is why I said I
understand it's an extreme position I
understand a lot of people do get get
meaning from this but but yeah for me
it's just I feel like I'm like I didn't
do anything like me being an American is
I'm a victim of circumstance
I say victim I mean a beneficiary of
circumstance but it's not like I did
anything to earn myself being an
American and I didn't contribute to the
history of this country or do anything
you know that made this country what it
is so I don't know I just don't feel
like a strong attachment to being
American if I was relocated to another
country I would just be part of that
country or whatever but yeah I don't
know so you say you're less sauce is in
the world the more so a citizen of
nowhere oh sure yeah that that yeah like
I kind of yeah I have like my own
history in my own past and these are the
things that I've done and accomplished
and then that's where I draw my identity
meaning from and again I acknowledge
that this like might be kind of an
extremist position to take or it seems
to be compared to most people but yeah I
don't know I don't draw a lot of like I
don't care that I'm half Cuban or I
don't even know what my European
ancestry is like these are things it's
not interest me very much compared to
kind of like what I've done on my own or
the person I am today
oh my gosh intense liberalism yeah yeah
I know do you say you don't feel like
the need to be a part of any of like
larger entity because you I don't know
do maybe like video games or like sort
of like an isolationist thing maybe feel
like sort of like separated from the
world and they were to just a content
playing games like what why do you think
that is like why do you why do you think
other people are experiencing something
that you like don't experience um I mean
I
there are ways I can say this politely I
know ways that I say very
condescendingly
let me think of the road yeah well no
like I don't mean to be kind of sending
her it ever I don't try to say that way
but like I feel like it's I feel like um
I feel like how fundamental do we get as
people okay who are evolved to [ __ ] and
survive
well reproduce really is our only goal
right and then we and then we try to
live long enough in order to [ __ ] and
have kids as a result of this we've been
given you know some level of
intelligence that allows us to do this a
byproduct of that intelligence seems to
be that we ask questions sometimes that
don't really have good answers so
friends is like what is the meaning of
life or what does our purpose for being
here I think that we've been gifted the
ability to ask questions that are
unanswerable and because of that we have
to find things to fill those holes and
some people do it with religion some
people do with nationalism and and I
think that the do is filling these holes
with these types of group thoughts give
so many negative parts to it that
there's no reason to do that when you
could fill it with other types of things
so like I define myself based on what I
like to do or what my hobbies are or
when I'm personally interested in and I
spent a great deal of time thinking
about that and pursuing that and and
that's how I define myself and but
sometimes it feels like if you don't
want to take the I don't want to say
take the time because it's like again it
sounds really kind of setting but like
this shortcut to finding meaning or
purpose in life the shortcut to finding
reasons to exist
is to just take on a group identity and
go like okay well I am Christian I am
Muslim you know like I have God or
Yahweh or Allah and that's my reason for
life and I'm just gonna go ahead and
bite the entire set of rules that they
have and that's how I'm gonna live my
life but there's so much negative
baggage that comes along with all of
that that I would hope that people could
find a way to find purpose or exist
without needing those larger group like
religions you know whether it's at a
national religion and ethnic religion or
whatever in order to do that does that
make sense it makes sense but that's a
very very very old idea I think that
religion is going away now the nation's
going away culture is going away we're
gonna become that's like one big brains
like cosmopolitan you yet
like this is this is actually very very
old idea like tracing back like Woodrow
Wilson like the 1940s mhm and like the
reality is like that hasn't worked has
not panned out thank the system the
worldview you're actually proposing
delivers opposite results to the ones
you want right cuz we're seeing a rise
Nash doesn't rise from it and relies in
that what you perceived to be toxic ways
of wrong I mean to some extent but a lot
of these are also in response to like
pretty recent events like I would argue
that it seemed like before like 2013
before this big refugee crisis it seemed
like the world was becoming was pushing
words it's
and a progressive way I don't wanna say
to the left but was kind of like
progressing more progressively but then
in response to like people react
predictably in fearful ways right and
fear is a really big driving factor of a
lot of populist thought and it seems
like that's where a lot of this is
coming from recently make the baby
you're so describing it's like a modern
phenomenon whereas I'm sort of tracing
its roots back to like I don't know
maybe hey I christen prisons like human
nature I mean you say that but I mean
like past World War Two you know with
the advent of the European Union or you
know like stuff that I say European
Union but like with this more kind of
like unified thought across the world it
seems like we've largely avoided like
global conflict now that's not to say
that there aren't places you know like
Ireland and other places across Europe
and South America and everything where
all this violence and [ __ ] still happens
but in terms of like avoiding like this
huge international like global conflict
of like [ __ ] killing millions of
people in these huge wars it seems like
we've done a pretty good job of avoiding
that since World War two did we do a
good job or did nukes do a good job um I
mean III lean on the side of nukes there
it seems to me that the the existential
threat of being destroyed far supersedes
the liberal desire to be cosmopolitan
and happy right I mean I don't
necessarily know if it just cosmopolitan
and happy but like even countries I mean
like countries today I mean [ __ ] like
look like Germany is like the the leader
of the modern world and in the EU right
now I don't know I don't necessarily
mean oh that's right you care whatever
and like [ __ ] 70 years ago eighty
years ago they're trying to [ __ ] kill
all of you guys I mean that seems like
good progress I don't know if that's if
it's just the threat of nukes that like
made everybody be like oh yeah Germany's
cool now because we don't wanna get
[ __ ] obliterated right I mean I mean
I feel like you guys have made I say you
guys but like I feel like the European
continent has made a [ __ ] ton of
progress like Jesus Christ like that
whole continent was like a [ __ ] your
whole history there's like filled with
like savage [ __ ] wars and battles and
conquests and all of that [ __ ] and it
seems like you guys get a lot along a
lot better today than you ever have it
at any point in history that's what it
feels like today yeah it's an
interesting point do you think that so
we're not seeing a violent Germany
because they've been sort of defeated
squashed and degraded or do you think
we're not seeing a violent Germany
because they've already ostensibly
achieve their aims
no I don't think dominating the earth
confidence what are you gonna know it
feels it feels to me like as time has
gone on people have generalized
themselves more and more in every way
like ten thousand years ago you probably
had like your family and your very small
tribe and then as time has gone on we've
collectivized to larger and larger
groups we've gone from tribes to larger
tribes to cities to to entire
civilizations to I mean look at how
[ __ ] huge of the Roman Empire was and
that span a multitude of cultures more
like millennia like this like so much
and now we've got you know even back to
the to the starting of my nation right
like you had States and then these
people fought to see themselves as a
country in that country if it was only
thirteen states and even that took a lot
of convincing and now we've got 50
[ __ ] states and we don't even think
twice about it and now we see ourselves
as being Brotherly the Canadians or look
at like the group of white right a long
time ago white people were literally
anglo-saxons period not disgusting
Germans or Spaniards or any of this [ __ ]
and now like look at like [ __ ] I'm
considered white and I'm half Cuban or I
debate with white nationalists with the
last name cuentas right or you know like
all these people can see them as white
today that didn't previously right so I
don't know it just seems like as time
has gone on humans have seen themselves
as like larger and larger collectives
and I'm pretty sure even a lot of people
in Europe I know that you guys see
yourselves as individual nations but
like you can very easily travel from one
country to the next and everybody in
Europe has friends in every other
country you know in Europe like it seems
to be like more and more and more common
so yeah I don't know I feel like I would
hope that we could continue to expand
this what we kind of like see ourselves
is like a larger collective of people oh
yeah of course I don't know I don't know
I know not a single person who is
aggressive to Europe Australia even
doesn't even not like Europe uh-huh I
mean however everyone likes Europe it's
the is he you people don't like I think
I was like I should wear the slogan of
the campaign
I guess Europe no EU I mean I [ __ ] I
love Europe I love yoga Viva love tons
of European friends yeah but I mean I
don't I don't see like what anything
you're saying like necessitates like
political union or like a giant super
states which is just a great like we're
willy an idea isn't it um I don't know
if that's or Elian but I've only did he
have more books than 1984 I'm not sure
oh yeah I never write Animal Farm I
should read that book
um don't worry it's it's neoliberal
gander don't engage with us sure
disgusting um yeah [ __ ] I don't know
he's good
miss Afghans I think going back to it
like that would be like I say what are
the main challenges you have like if you
were like sort of like convince someone
of myself be out right cuz like my view
is that sort of every like harm you're
presenting in this debate every every s
of it Boone you're bidding this you're
presenting in this debate can be easily
achieved that like political union well
not yet well it would be harder to do it
it would be it's possible but it would
be much more difficult right if
everything was a collection of
multilateral trade agreements than
getting any single thing changed would
be monumental it would be a huge pain in
the ass where I was like a seamless
government that is composed of
democratically elected officials would
have a much easier time doing things so
I mean like your way it's possible it
would just be harder I guess again like
there's that the girl Chinese red flag
it seems to be that democracy is great
but it's so inefficient we need
something like we need something beyond
that well know what I'm suggesting is
democracy it's just so it weird for like
an American level you'd be like well
actually slow cuz like in the American
government defined by being stolen
efficient isn't that American government
even on paper doesn't work and we're
just starting to [ __ ] realize that a
lot of us should only work because of
gentlemen's agreements so I'm hey nada I
don't know if I would say here in
champion the American form of government
but really the American form of
government is is essentially what the EU
is I mean it's it's more or less the
exact same thing if you replace states
with countries and you replace the
federal US government with the EU we're
pretty comparable to what you guys are
we have no democratically elect
officials that go to Congress and then
some of them are able to propose
legislation and then yeah yeah but did
you say earlier that the II wasn't a
giant federal stage didn't I say well
yeah because the main the main
difference is that in the EU in the u.s.
I guess we're a little bit more because
we actually have unifying fiscal
policies throughout our whole country
and in the EU you don't which is like a
huge separator oh so you're advocating
the gara was a good idea I argue that
both no I would have to I would have to
dig in a lot more to this a unifying
currency seems scary
to me when you have very dissimilar
economies across different countries
losing control of your currency I don't
know if that's a good or bad idea
you know in one way I want oh no no no
I'm sorry it doesn't work because you
guys don't have fiscal because you guys
don't have like any unifying fiscal
policy you have no way to take tax money
from one country and really give it to
another like we do in the u.s. so I
don't think you can have a unifying I
don't think you can have a unifying
currency without like a unifying like
with some sort of fiscal policy um we
got I agree with you naturally but I
just don't agree of the idea of like a
unified fiscal policy I mean it worked
really really well in the United States
you just tell me how rational country
was say I was I didn't tell my country
was trash well I didn't say it was trash
and we're talking to there's be an
economic policy and theory versus like
the actual efficiency of the government
which are two different things
like I don't think this is a bad country
I just don't it's not like a strong part
of my identity and I'm not like super
attached to it oh so you think that the
u.s. system is like the peak system the
best one there is I I would be so
arrogant for saying it I have no where
near enough background in politics be
able to say that thank you
what it it seems to be what you're
heavily implying um no I don't think so
i I was just trying to draw a comparison
between the between like the way that
you elect your people in the U versus
how the u.s. like kind of federal
government works that you can like make
like a set of unifying laws across like
a whole contingent federal system and
that it applies to every state or
whatever that you could do a similar
thing in the EU wait I don't know how we
got here
Oh mr. bono there's a nationalist in you
yet we just need to coax it out I don't
need I see I see the way that we Sparks
in there okay good luck I used to be
very very very nationalist a long time
ago but I yeah I don't know I've kind of
lost that that's okay little changes
like a roundabout sure in five years
you'll be arguing for the admin state
with me all right yeah we can hopefully
not but I guess yeah okay well hey you
have any other final points or questions
or thoughts anything oh let me check let
me check
I know yeah I suppose so
um we just won cuz I was like uh no I
think I think you're much covered it
really I think I pretty much done here
huh I will say that like um it for you
to hammer home these arguments because I
think that there are very strong
arguments on your side that sometimes
people are scared to make and I think
one of those really strong arguments is
people will take it for granted people
will say things like oh well the
increase in access to wealth and
technology makes the world a better
place that seems self-evident but you
can challenge that and it leaves a lot
of people stumped and I think it's I
think it's a very valid line of
questioning because we have priests
we've we've already pre supposed that
more technology and more money will make
us better off but it doesn't seem to
make everybody happy err and I kind of
like rampant consumerism is really
[ __ ] cancer it's a really cancer as
part of a lot of capitalist systems so I
think that's definitely a veneer that's
worth exploring more for sure oh yeah
shit's [ __ ] anyway the only thing we
can all agree on bipartisanly is destiny
liberalism against the wall listen would
you say you're a neoliberal um I call
myself an omni livery oh that's my own
that's why it's my own group okay making
my own polygamy um I yeah I'm pretty
sure why is it to me murder writers say
to me but I'm pretty sure I'm a
neoliberal but like I I don't know what
a neoliberal is because half the time
people say that like oh and neoliberal
is just like a liberal that's okay with
like redistribute of policies and you
know it's for social healthcare in
everything and then other times people
say new liberals are just massive
corporatists that hate the individual
and don't want to redistribute anything
so I'm not even sure what the [ __ ] good
neoliberal technically is because it
seems to be used in different ways a lot
yeah my understanding it just means like
Ronald Reagan Margaret Thatcher
neoliberal evolution of the 80s that's
sort of like and I hasten academic
progress that's what it means to me mhm
I don't know I don't know what they are
repugnant tanki's in your chat say it is
but I mean it that ain't it says okay
whatever thank thank you for having me
often yeah we are we ended up not
talking too much about Braga's it
ironically I think things cuz we I don't
know we as our disagreement like to like
fundamentals really bash out sure which
is good is better to identify that than
to talk past each other for 20 minutes
so
no no it was it was a great chat yeah
and I I think I say I thank you for
having me
yeah thanks no no no is this the part of
the discussion I see you do this when
you end these conversations you're like
well things are coming on then you say
but I [ __ ] hate you and I'll have you
do platforms I tell you I've seen it
they're like well think you've ever gone
you're very nice I don't respect you at
all in the slightest
no no if I hated you you would know no
if I hated you know it don't worry
mostly people that debate know that I
hate him I think we have some
fundamental disagreements over like the
existence or like it like very
fundamental things about human existence
but I mean like history probably sides
with you so far and then I'm hoping for
something new so yeah I understand our
disagreements yeah both of my side I
think like the conception of like
actually proposing a world government I
have no ever engage with the argument of
war so I feel like unable to like sort
of come at you in a way sure it's like
well [ __ ] yeah it's a very niche thing
yeah his only liberalism is no Omni
liberalism I just call it I just say
honey liberal it doesn't mean anything
whatever my political views are at any
given point in time so oh okay you you
me a philosopher if you want to do it
there we go hop in mate hop it all right
well I thank you thank you for having me
on
yeah ma ataxia
