so I want to talk about concealed carry
laws in America I've done many different
videos on this channel about gun crime
statistics and if you watched you
probably saw me debate a twitch stream
around the jesse lee peterson show where
this topic was brought up typically
liberals would like to make the argument
that more lacks gun laws and certain
states will increase violent crime
increase murder rates etc etc etc well I
pulled out my chart and I showed him
that's within Vermont Maine Idaho New
Hampshire Wyoming six states where they
have the most lacks gun laws in the
country they actually have the lowest
homicide rate in the country if you want
to be a white supremacist and you want
to say that we need to get rid of the
blacks and the [ __ ] Mexicans all that
[ __ ] because they have lower IQ than us
white people that's fine but you got to
be able to at least read a goddamn
[ __ ] graph okay
this triggers the ever-living [ __ ] out
of me because this is supposed to be a
representative of the Aryan master race
okay murder rates etc etc etc well I
pulled out my chart tonight typically
liberals would like to make the argument
that more lacks gun laws and certain
states will increase fighting crime
increase murder rates etcetera etcetera
well I pulled out so my specific
argument was that once you expand right
to carry laws okay once you expand right
to carry laws violent crime increases it
seemed to be the case
high density huge fan Thanks just
because some states have lower violent
crime than other states doesn't mean
that the violent crime in that state
didn't increase when gun laws were made
more lacks I don't understand how he
doesn't understand this like I don't
know how to make this any more simple
like Sharpton I showed him that with in
Vermont Maine Idaho to Hampshire Wyoming
six states where they have the most
lacks gun laws in the country even if
they have the most blacks gun laws in
the country that doesn't mean that
making your gun laws more Alaric's
doesn't necessarily increase violent
crime also ello ello ello lol at this
[ __ ] chart homicide rate percent white
what in the every
[ __ ] are we doing graphing these two
numbers next to each other like this in
a [ __ ] Excel made bar graph like
I don't okay they actually have the
lowest homicide rate in the country
so by that theory you would think that
those states would be some of the most
dangerous states in America but no not
necessarily no for a million reasons why
we could think not necessarily no in
fact they are not so we're gonna dig
into some statistics here with you today
to see if before the gut the concealed
carry laws were enacted in these states
was the murder rate higher was the
homicide rate higher and I actually got
Destin there we go thank you maybe we'll
see some data about that a liberal to
make the argument for race and crime I
didn't say anything he said verbatim
some populations are more predisposed to
crime than others when I presented him
with the statistics that debunked his
argument about more lacks dialogues
equals more gun crime I said you're more
likely to be shot and still haven't
debunked up and I never said it was due
to race I said that some people might be
more predisposed towards crime
there was a min black people marry like
Chicago or California or some of these
other states but more strict gun laws
then you are if you want to get [ __ ]
up take a drink every time he says
Chicago in this video because I
guarantee who's gonna say at least
thirty [ __ ] times are in Idaho or
Wyoming or Vermont or New Hampshire and
Maine to which he replied while I think
some populations are more predisposed to
committing crime than others but perhaps
making it more difficult to acquire a
firearm legally in Indiana would reduce
the likelihood of a firearm being given
to somebody in the tribal illegally to
Chicago to commit a crime why I guess
here's my question why is Vermont not
making New York as dangerous as Chicago
if your theory is correct that because
you can purchase weapons so easily in
Indiana and then illegally transfer them
from Indiana Chicago why is Vermont not
making really tear it's lost its origin
so places like Vermont harnessed the
predisposed to his coming crimes other
populations so if you watch this debate
you saw it me statistically what if
things like higher population density
might be one of those things that
predisposes people towards committing
crime what if things like economic
disparity between the low class and the
high class or things that might
predispose a population towards
committing crime it's funny that when I
say one population might be geared
towards committing crime for his another
his immediate thought is hey cuz of the
race that's like the first place his
head goes to but okay debunk came on
concealed carry laws you saw me
statistically debunking on the
Australian offender buy back program
where I showed that the homicide rate of
America per 100,000 actually had a
larger decrease than in Australia where
the gun buyback program happened and
actually within a six year comparing
those two numbers doesn't even doesn't
have anything do with your argument
there could have been other things in
United States at the same time leading
to decrease violence as well for you
talking about period therefore 100,000
rate of homicide actually increased when
I showed him this graph only increased
because you chose only three years after
your [ __ ] data point he chose three
years to establish a trend and he
conveniently omitted the 15 years
afterwards where the violent crime rate
falls and [ __ ] half here that you see
on screen I also see Buncombe on violent
crime he said that violent crime in
1950s and 60s was actually higher than
it is today and that's of course not the
case
no I didn't I think I said that like
three debates ago and I even said in
this debate I was like no it was higher
during the 80s or 90s or whatever not
during the sixties or 50s
oh my god back in the 1950s and 60s the
violent crime was actually three times
lower than it is today and you know I
brought up the topic of your parents
always saying they could leave their
doors unlocked that's probably why now
if we go all the way back to 1950s
violent crime and this is one of the
closest you said in the jail big debate
which is actually statistically
incorrect you said they'd find the crime
is lower than it was in nineteen sixties
that's not like a [ __ ] [ __ ] digs
back like [ __ ] three debates ago to
like try to nail me on [ __ ] quotes
yeah I think I'm looking more towards
the 80s as always thank you okay yeah
cuz in the 1960s we had rate per 100,000
of salt per 100,000 robbery per 100,000
had many other types of violent crime
aside from murder we're three times less
per 100,000 this is the reason why your
mother and your father would always like
to say we believe our doors and lock
turns stuff like that you know things
that boomers say he also the reason why
they say that is because media reports
every single [ __ ] violent crime that
happens in every single part of the
[ __ ] world until your [ __ ] door
sterber and this is not because people
were actually safer actually let's say
for whatever [ __ ] off that the CDC
wasn't allowed to do a single study and
then I proceeded to show him the CDC
study and gun violence back young back
in 2013 which showed things of course he
probably didn't like to see and then of
course the that was the one see I think
the CDC was authorized to do one single
study and that said he didn't show
something I didn't like to see that say
he didn't show anything that this guy
wanted we were arguing over whether or
not self-defense gun use was an
effective means of defending your
property and all he should was that it
had happened he didn't show that it was
effective or not I nailed him on this
like 15 times how does he how did he not
remember this it's like we weren't even
other same debate topic of a suicide we
talked about how most of the gun deaths
here in America are suicide they're
mostly suicides when you take the
suicides out you're left with about
10,000 homicides by a gun every single
year mostly perpetrated by gang members
why do you just get to take out the
suicide it's like you conveniently like
well if we get rid of this one city then
this is actually a really good place for
the suicide then it's like one more time
Payne's tiny illegally possessed weapons
in the most diverse areas of the country
and of course America doesn't even top
the top ten list of suicides per 100,000
in the world and we have the most guns
to people here in the world we have more
guns than people here in the world so
it's
these things are non-sequitur guns can
still cause you to commit suicide but
you doesn't necessarily we do have to be
the most suicidal place in the world
what the [ __ ] these do things right even
copper bull look through this a little
bit here let's go ahead and show you
where he makes the argument for race and
crime which was very interesting to me
the more laxa state is with our gun laws
were there not even permit to concealed
carry whether it is our firearms the
more Laxus data is the more likely you
are to die in that state to a firearm as
well it's a pretty easily observe I mean
it's strange because it looks like
you're more likely to die in a place
like Chicago for instance than New
Hampshire or Maine or Idaho or any of
these other states with permits
concealed carry you are they have higher
homicide rates so then you think they
put the graph in The Scream screen of
mass shootings which I mean it doesn't
matter mass shootings are crime it
doesn't matter you're more likely notice
that none of these are adjusted for
pucking population what the [ __ ] kind of
disingenuous [ __ ] [ __ ] is is
California is a population of what like
[ __ ] 20 million [ __ ] how many
people live in California are like 30
million people 29 million people what is
it California
I'm sorry 39 million people I think your
[ __ ] charts without alongside [ __ ]
Kansas it has like [ __ ] 2000 people
that live in the whole [ __ ] state why
but nice [ __ ] argument dude and you
can see Vermont Maine Idaho they've had
no mass shootings according to Mother
Jones database which has gathered the
data on mass shootings since 1982 but
doesn't matter either way you're more
likely to be shot in California with
more strict gun laws you're more likely
to be shot in I don't know Illinois with
more stress gun laws you're more likely
to be shot in many different states with
more strict gun laws and you are in
Vermont Maine Idaho and Vermont for
instance the reason why I concealed
carry sometimes referred to as Vermont
carry is because pretty much Vermont has
had concealed carry laws before ever
even liberals have guns in Vermont but
that doesn't change anything I've said
other than trying to shoo the violence
on to certain groups of people so there
you go he says you're trying to shoot
the violence often a certain groups of
people but then he proceeds to actually
make that argument for himself where he
says that certain populations are more
predisposed to crime than others a very
very selective with his wording there
here's a graph that I presented here
Boise Idaho you can see the demographics
there you can see the demographics in
them I wish that I could like if I could
at least talk to somebody that was a
very intelligent and he's like I am a
member of the master race then fine but
you can't even read a [ __ ] graph how
you are ironically gonna sit here and
tell me that you've been like [ __ ]
blessed with God's [ __ ] genetic
intelligence like come on dude it's also
Little Rock Arkansas carries most of the
crime for Arkansas and virginal
Anchorage carries most of the crime for
Alaska and then once
if more if the argument is more lacks
gun laws equals more gun crime that's
completely debunked by just looking at
the Hampshire Maine Idaho Wyoming and a
couple of other states actually perhaps
making it more difficult to fire fire in
legally in Indiana people criticizing
reparations aren't african-americans
representative of only thirteen percent
of our population out of that
reparations can be targeted towards
poorer communities which would further
reduce the amount of people who would
receive it I yeah but I don't think um I
just like giving money to people
[Music]
Destinee again using the per-capita
argument s mhm Pepe like think of like a
poor family that you know and then give
them like fifty thousand dollars dude is
that like gonna are they really gonna
like measurably improve this situation
or they're gonna buy like a car and then
like waste it all like instantly I don't
know why so then so basically the
argument is that I always hear from the
left is that you know if we if we reduce
the the ease of purchasing firearms
legally in Indiana then the violence in
Chicago would go down well that's
completely debunked by just looking once
again at Vermont so if that theory was
correct then Vermont how does that how
is it debunked by looking from oh my god
oh my god he's so dumb he doesn't know
what he's talking about
make New York as dangerous as Chicago or
more dangerous than Chicago since the
gun laws there could be other factors in
Vermont or Chicago or New York that make
these populations more likely to commit
crime than than other things like why
can't you just say why can't he just say
like I hate black people I can you just
start off with and then we can work from
[ __ ] there let's have a debate on
[ __ ] race realism or more lacks in
Vermont than they are in Indiana Idaho
would make Seattle more dangerous than
Chicago since Idaho's gun laws are more
lacks than Indiana so these are the the
arguments that are very easily debunked
able through statistics are showing the
concealed carry states with the highest
population the highest white
non-hispanic population and then once
that's presented to him then he goes in
and makes the case for raising crime
himself take a listen I guess here's my
question
why is Vermont not making New York as
dangerous as Chicago if your theory is
correct that because you can purchase
weapons so easily in Indiana and then
illegally transfer them from Indiana
Chicago that's also only one factor
leading towards gun crime there's a
million different reasons why people can
commit crime you there are tons of
different Bayesian so we can run on
somebody to find out their likelihood of
creating a violent crime right
single-parent households lack of
education access to extracurricular
activities in a school you know the
presence of siblings or a parent like
there's like a million different things
like become one of their parents stay at
home from work like why is Vermont not
making New York as dangerous as Chicago
as possible to the populations of the
places like Vermont aren't as
predisposed towards coming crime as
other populations are and what about
Idaho right so there you go so there's
the he made the argument for race and
crime why do you think populations mean
race himself so once again that's that's
pivoting away from more relaxed
equals more gun crime which was easily
debunked by me in the statistics I wish
I would have had a chance to hammer down
my arguments live it better but that you
know Jessie was going on tried to but
you got [ __ ] on on every single [ __ ]
chart that you brought up it's like he
wasn't there for the debate like what
the [ __ ] every this guy was like [ __ ]
binder Andy like every single time you
try to bring some [ __ ] up his number was
either incorrect or he didn't understand
his own [ __ ] graph or his grafted and
proved the point of he thought he did so
he'd go dig through his little [ __ ]
cheat book to try to find another Gacha
chart sometimes and I just kind of lost
track of a lot of things but once again
these are the typical arguments but
always here so I knew which type of
graphs to bring which grass that I knew
you know I knew which graphs I needed to
bring you don't know which graphs you
need to bring you bring the same graph
to use every single [ __ ] video that's
why I knew exactly which [ __ ] graphs
you have and that's why I knew his own
[ __ ] data better than he [ __ ] did
why is he pretending like he was
specially provoking triggered way let's
go ahead and get into the statistics of
if huh when when they enact these
concealed carry laws in these certain
states did it tick up the gun crime
because something that was brought up in
that particular debate was when I showed
him that hey these these homicide rate
of these homicide rates are very low
very we're talking 1 for 100,000 some
cases much lower than the national
average much lower than Illinois were
they have triggered gun laws much lower
than California were they have took the
gun laws and he said oh what if it was
lower before they enacted concealed
carry laws so I started to dig into some
other things that I've had you probably
already know that Vermont has pretty
much had concealed carry for for what is
the trace what kind of website is this I
don't know anything about it I'm curious
ever effectively forever that's why it's
called Vermont carry sometimes people
refer to it as Vermont carry you can go
through the history of the gun rights in
Vermont they say even liberals have guns
in Vermont but we go through some of
these some of these ones that aren't
skewed where the data isn't skewed by
things like Little Rock Arkansas or
Anchorage Alaska let's go to Wyoming I
think that Wyoming is actually the
biggest one here if we look at we're
just gonna conveniently ignore all of
the states that have cities that we
don't like and then try to find like I
mean here Wyoming residents only they
enacted this concealed carry law in 2011
that says so Wyoming and I looked as
well in other sites here but I just want
to show you and why only enacted this
concealed carry law in 2011 and then if
we go to the homicide rates in Wyoming
here let's go down to Wyoming we look at
2011 so this is 2011 right here this
column here we scroll down to Wyoming
and we see that the homicide rate was
actually 3.2 in 2011 the year that the
concealed carry law was enacted within
that state today it's 2.6 so the
homicide rate has actually gone down
it's gone up again and then it's going
down again and then gone up again then
it's going down again then it's gone
6 so within 2 thumb right here this cop
let's go to carry law in 2011 and then
if we go to the homicide
rates in Wyoming here but to the
homicide rates in Wyoming okay 2017 is
over here in 1987 is over here or 97 is
over here let's go down the well Wyoming
we look at 2011 so this is 2011 right
here this column here we scroll down to
Wyoming and we see that the homicide
rate was actually 3.2 I wonder if this
went into effect what point of the year
did because if he would have started the
next year over then the homicide rate
would have climbed big over two point
four to two point nine to two point
seven to two point seven to three point
four to two point six like and I mean I
I don't even know and not to mention the
fact that we haven't even established
whether or not like doing the gun
buyback actually it led to a reduction
in homicides here at all either right
you would have to compare these two
national trends as well in order to
actually like it's not as easy just
looking at like two [ __ ] numbers in
2011 the year that the concealed carry
law was enacted within that state today
it's two point six so the homicide rate
has actually gone yeah because like the
previous because I could sit because if
we just want to do what if we want to be
like one number Andy then I could say
well let's look at when there wasn't
concealed carry laws in effect the year
before the homicide because only one
point four and now that you've got
concealed carry laws now it's all the
way up to two point five and before that
it was only two point oh one point nine
three point law is an outlier here one
point seven two point two like we you
know we can play this [ __ ] dumb
[ __ ] game all day with like cherry
picking single [ __ ] numbers how can
you be so [ __ ] statistically
illiterate and then try to you oh my god
don't it's going up again and then it's
going down again and thence going up
again then it's going down again then
it's going up again then it's going down
again and this is the rates this is the
point that I was making in that video is
that in that debate is that you look at
Vermont Maine Idaho New Hampshire some
of these states where they have the most
lacks gun laws in the country and the
homicide rate has remained relatively
the same over the past fifteen to twenty
year period and you can find the data on
that very easily so the argument that
more lacks gun laws equal more gun crime
is completely debunked which is why he
jumped to some populations are more
predisposed to violent crime and then we
can also go to also we can go to New
Hampshire same thing they now do you
think he just never says black people or
their gun law in 2017 and we look at New
Hampshire the crime rate in New
Hampshire and we can see that in 2017
this is where it was enacted here and
it's basically remained the same
once again we only have like about one
year
[Laughter]
[Music]
don't you even pretend I would even
pretend to know the impact we've unions
are over go into some articles and and
find some things about about New
Hampshire and we see that in 2017 they
had to 16 homicides in 2016 they had 25
homicides so once again the amount of
homicides actually decreased in the
state of New Hampshire but there's
obviously he read this incorrect I don't
know if it changed his his argument at
all but it was 25 and 2013 16 in 2016 in
the state of New Hampshire but there's
other states like I said Wyoming has
many years of data that we can go off of
and then we also have Maine which in
2015 they enacted their concealed carry
law there in Maine and if we I was
impossible to walk this tightrope
between bad faith argument and genuine
stupidity I actually the one of the more
that I look at this I don't know if
there are genuine stupid or what this is
just like super bad faith go up to Maine
here we can see that in 2015 which is
this column here it's actually remain
the same it actually went down a year
after they enacted that dot that their
concealed carry law there we can go
[ __ ] this is not statistically
significant to have like one year and
too much like again like I can do I
could be one number Andy as well and I
can go back and say like oh well before
they had concealed carry there were
years Witt was 1.1 1.2 1.2 like to in
other states we can look at Idaho Idaho
enacted to put theirs in in March of
2016 and we can go to Idaho and we can
see 2016 Idaho was 2.9 and I went from
2.9 to 1.9 so we dropped a point a point
for 100,000 there in Idaho so once again
completely debunked and this is the
reason why he made the racing crime
crime argument but he did it in a very
Eve it he did in a very articulate way
where most people listening to him
wouldn't know what he was talking about
Idaho was actually just voted recently
to lower the age to carry a concealed
handgun in their state so debunked on
concealed carry debunked on Austria
they're gonna buy back program debunked
on violent crime being higher in the
sixties and fifties and I used his words
his statements from other debates that
didn't I made sure that I went through
some of the debates that he's he's been
he's participated in I use his words
asked him if he still believe them to be
true and I think pretty much every time
he said no I probably misspoke on those
particular occasions more particularly
the case where he said that America has
the highest gun homicide rate of any
nation in the world to where I replied
that no it doesn't Honduras Brazil oh my
god dude in the context
maybe what I have is I was comparing us
to other first world countries when I
talk about gun violence United says I'm
not gonna [ __ ] compare my country to
[ __ ] Honduras oh my god dude it's
like when I say like America's health
care is like some of the shittiest
healthcare in the world and then be like
huh
you think American is you think American
healthcare is so [ __ ] bad what about
the country of Chad okay what about
[ __ ] Nigerian health care dude
well okay well you [ __ ] got me there
my dog you [ __ ] these other countries
where guns are illegal there you can't
legally obtain a firearm there they have
sixty times less firearms and we do here
and yet they have sixty yeah what about
Syria dog hire are you seeing their gun
violence of 2013 gun homicide and the
typical response I knew this was coming
he said well it's because we can't
compare ourselves to those nations we
shouldn't compare ourselves to those
nations but if the gun laws are the
things that we're talking about if
making guns illegal on gun violence then
why isn't it there well okay then fine
if you want to compare us to only
developed nations to only white nations
well then we have to look at the gangs
to which I showed him to charge just say
it
just say you hate black people I know
you want to just but could say man does
let him have it
it showed that America has 33,000 gangs
here in this country more gangsta people
than any other developed country any
other white country in the world and
most of the gun crime he or he conceived
in that debate is perpetrated by gang
members with illegally possessed weapons
sure maybe half of them where legally
obtained at some point and then now
they're just being trafficking
trafficked around in Chicago ninety
percent of the crime guns according to
the Chicago Police Department are
obtained are illegally possessed so once
again only the ones that follow the law
will follow the law the ones that don't
won't and ever will and this is the
reason why I believe what if that is
honest to god if that's your mentality
for anything why do we have any [ __ ]
laws at all like why not just have no
laws or whatever and then the people
that'll do good things will do good
things and the people it'll do bad
things will do bad things it's like why
not just make everything legal like that
going after the tool obviously does make
a lot of sense we see what's happening
in London this is the reason why brought
up London quite a bit that debate
because now they're going after knives
taking them out of stores putting metal
detectors in trying to ban tip knives
and oh my god the London thing was total
[ __ ] and I didn't know that
apparently people say London has higher
violent crime than New York apparently
there was like one month where the
violent crime in London was very high
abnormally so and one month where the
violent crime in New York City was
abnormally low very so and they happened
to pass each other at this point but
then it immediately like for the rest of
[ __ ] I didn't I didn't know that people
actually [ __ ] did this like would
like became like a 1-month Andy for the
[ __ ] London New York thing I had no
idea [ __ ] me you know they're going down
a path to where they're going to get two
screwdrivers probably next
wait can you look it up yeah let me see
if I can find this so like it was like
London passes New York like homicide or
violent crime or something destiny here
is the graph wait stay song through this
popularity contest and don't get sucked
in wait what train please stop what's
happening
it's so much drama and I am not involved
in any of it oh this is what it was
because for like one month like [ __ ]
uh like London had managed to pass New
York people are like oh [ __ ] got him
I'm pretty sure this is New York City
but um I'm pretty sure for the rest of
the year this trend didn't carry out if
I don't know if anybody has the access
to that data a full context graph oh and
then this was the full context graph of
like New York versus long yeah [ __ ] I
didn't know this I didn't I didn't know
this because it didn't even I couldn't
even comprehend for a minute that people
would actually do like a month-by-month
[ __ ] violent crime [ __ ] I didn't even
think that somebody would have they
would somebody would actually on
ironically do that did somebody be like
oh well violent crime in London is
actually price here when someone says oh
[ __ ] for what like a year or two okay
fine I didn't know it was literally one
[ __ ] month Jesus Christ this is some
[ __ ] bad faith [ __ ] okay [ __ ] off
[Music]
