guess what when you tell me to go
message your I finally Britney that was
it my manager that was a 19 year old kid
that I play games with we were making
fun of you guys the same [ __ ] time
your manager
wait Britney is apologizing for
pedophiles no holy [ __ ] I'm Irish an
Italian Italian so base that's basically
like being a minority so Craig wait we
just settled our shitty I'm trying to
get it through his head that I'm not gay
and he won't believe me so it's like
okay Craig you understand that what you
do is like insanely [ __ ] creepy right
you have like a mental disorder that you
need to get like therapy but instead of
met you do it two debates yeah everybody
in this call is [ __ ] [ __ ] like
this guy Wallace Craig suffers from
Asperger's and you suffer from old man
short nights that's really funny good
job good job recording videos of
yourself like come shotting on to
people's pictures and then posting it
online while like pretending that you're
engaged in some sort of like
long-distance relationship but it was
like really [ __ ] right yeah I know
Mitch wanted that idiot somebody said oh
really Craig's near I wanted to get
Craig injured to tell him that he
managed I don't want to be his boy okay
so mate this is where you would get like
somebody like I would hope from what
I've seen if I'm train wrecks would like
have your back here you did like an
actual friend to have your back not
somebody that's trying to like get her
absolutely and like make fun of like
destiny he knows what is right and what
is wrong to jerk off to you just like
when you talked about pragmatic CP if
it's pragmatic it's fine
Greek like really dude like don't you
think that's a cream you need to stop
slapping me so the match is kind of
weird I'll be honest and like recording
videos and putting it online and I'm
like constantly harassing on Twitter
yeah it's almost like it's not pretty I
know you're losing subs but please for
like two seconds just shut the [ __ ] up
this guy was literally throwing messages
to Mitch but he's like contributed to a
lot of the really toxic [ __ ] that's
going on in Mitch's subreddit too
and from his arounded dude don't sit
here and lie to me and tell me that you
didn't make them this sudden great you
need to stop flapping to [ __ ] well it's
up to Mitch we've got recorded anymore
are you reformed yes I reformed praise
all I remember back when you were dating
Mara how would you feel if there was a
guy while you were dating that was like
sending her videos and should've saying
that she was in he was her boyfriend and
that he was like saying that he wants to
[ __ ] dude yes it would be weird I'd
be like the [ __ ] is that and but the
thing is you understand this thing I've
tried I told Craig himself I said hey
man could you stop doing this [ __ ]
didn't stop so then at that point you
block them from everything and then you
just don't talk about them I have asked
almost all of my friends to not respond
and they always do like that's the thing
I guess but like I'm in here in this
room now and there's like five people
like laughing at him and like
encouraging him like this guy's got
enough steel to run for like another to
be like his feelings get hurt his
feelings aren't your responsibility dude
like he's imposing let's say somebody
walks up to me at a bar and slaps her
ass and he's like yo like let's go home
and [ __ ] like it Mira's like well I
don't want to and you're like dude would
you tell Mira like that's really mean
like when you reject that dude like that
like you might like her to self-esteem
would you say that like of course not to
someone sexually assaulting someone else
you heard it here first folks no that's
why it's called a comparison Brittany
you compare two things that aren't the
exact same comparison is [ __ ] maybe next
year in school you'll get to that what
did you say what did you say listen here
you will fight me on for a debate and
then I tell you because you invite me on
took message my manager which is not
Brittany why do you have a manager you
have like 300 viewers you don't leverage
any sponsors you don't have any weight
then you know the rules are not speaking
over someone yes someone but you're no
one like you're literally nobody why the
[ __ ] would I contact the monitor to go
through you Britney Britney I'm not
gonna contact the manager to talk to a
dying streamer like you know
I finally Britney that wasn't my manager
that was a 19 year old kid that I play
games with we were making fun of you
guys the same [ __ ] time
your manager like you're becoming the
new teen star do you block so many
people to make it look like everyone
likes you in the replies and it's
[ __ ] crazy that you clean the via
Centris it is [ __ ] insert Lee I don't
claim to be a centrist that's hilarious
secondly I'm pretty sure I engage with
more like opposition and literally
everybody else on YouTube and twitch
right now your [ __ ] social justice
warrior destiny if everybody was my
opposition then how can I be an sjw
wouldn't the sjw's be my Ally then do
you know what opposition means that's me
all you've been doing is acting like a
feminist all stream trying to save
textbook definitions pulling up [ __ ]
dictionaries if I'm the feminist in here
then why is most about having critique
my name they're the only [ __ ] in the
call come on dude chill the [ __ ] I'm
gonna take five I'm gonna take five this
conversations getting way out of hand
no repeat yourself because your
microphones really low I have you up on
maximum and I barely heard you it's
small boys small guy but yeah if you
don't want controversy you shouldn't
have a petal apologist in your string
right now wait Brittany's apologizing
for pedophiles now holy [ __ ] oh yeah oh
my god is that why you want me to be a
small guy so much your secret fantasy
thirsty is [ __ ] around me is do you want
me to be under I can pretend to be
underage for you if that's what you're
really into you dude wait wait do I
follow you and do I block you Brittany
which one is it how many stories you got
spinning around in that heavy block me
and then you unlock me and then you
block me again I don't know what's your
story
this is some crazy story I think you
need to take a break because you have a
very small gauge you get angry berry
juice would you say that I'm
short-tempered
can i chime in here how did this build
up wait who is so basically right knee
which he does is she's like taking a lot
of like dumb pie shots at me on Twitter
I can't tell if she's trolling or not
because like her normal personality and
her troll personality are indecipherable
because she's just as stupid regardless
of whether or not she's playing a
character relic morals are relative
they're not what does that mean when you
say morals are relative way can you
explain that that was a pretty big
staple until you're saying oh if the
pent its pragmatic its pragmatic it's
fine it's fine if you kill people guys
cuz it's pragmatic wait are you against
the death penalty do you think war all
war is bad what about self defense have
a debate you have Brittany I don't I
don't think she like seriously does I'm
pretty sure she's just a troll my dude
why would I do bate you when you're not
even interested in debating deci you're
not intellectually interested I'm sorry
oh Smurf anguish okay do you think it's
petty when she's intentionally cutting
up quotes to make it sound like I'm a
favorite child
yes it doesn't there's no context I
could have justify what you accept there
was I went back on the bot nights it was
that's cool so thanks to admit that you
didn't wanna like cut outs or worse are
feeding fractures so the explanation was
there are some researchers you think the
source source if you want the source and
ear pleaser basically with the
researchers were trying to demonstrate
was that that if you give them access to
certain materials child pornography
materials that they're less likely to
abuse children at large and Society
you're literally saying let's distribute
children being abused so that they won't
be abuse anymore so that wasn't what I
was saying specifically in that clip was
that what you can do is you can find
people that were previously abused okay
so the child porn that's already been
made and then you would offer them some
sort of compensation if you could get
their consent to use it in a
therapeutical setting or whatever you
question if incest is okay no I've never
come on in said incest is okay though do
you have any I'm curious do you're
really asking do I have any arguments
okay yeah I'm curious do you have any
maybe reproducing something that has
mutations so you're Pro eugenics you
don't think what's not Britney Britney
Britney Britney one at a time baby if
it's bad enough they probably shouldn't
you're Pro eugenics then to some extent
if somebody was going to give birth to a
child with Down syndrome should that
person not be allowed to reproduce why
would they want to continue that the
whole plan of reproducing is to
reproduce with hopefully the best
genetic can you just can I hear you
state that can you say I think that a
race that could give birth to children I
will not I will not stay so you do not
believe that okay so let me just ask
this can you give me a message I can't
ask you a question to clarify your
statement first generation incest
doesn't carry a huge chance of
deformation what do you think that
chance should be if you have like a
ballpark number no source destiny mr.
Saur Saur stories I don't have to give
you this is why no one should - because
you're not interested in debate very
intellectually let me know when you're
done being triggered letting okay so
tell me why it's wrong with it without
crying about it or without throwing a
[Applause]
brainy it sounds like you're Pro incest
you haven't given a single reason why
it's wrong yeah why does me I don't have
the sources but even if you want you
don't need a source for your morals did
because that ruins family relationships
for one why that makes it awkward for
the parent makes it awkward what if they
do when they're already graduated what
if they're in college together and they
don't live with their parents anymore
Brittany you haven't given a single
argument against incest I'm starting to
think that you're a pro incest that's me
you're the one questioning it so if you
asked a question about something that
automatically means you'd agree with it
it's pretty obvious to everyone that
it's not okay I'm just asking why I know
the reasons it's not okay I've already
given the explanation before I'm curious
why you think it's possibly his destiny
for a second why why is that morally
wrong again no I'm not gonna give you
the answers buddy you're the one that's
actually indignant is fun well let me
know when you're done being triggered
buddy good people masturbate in public
no they're not hurting anybody right
well no they are hurting somebody you
would argue that people would be
offended by the vision of somebody
masturbating a public that when you're
in public you've got a reasonable
expectation not to see somebody's
genitals Jesus what this is I can't I'm
done I'm actually I'm really cool it
you're on the pro ancestor and that's
really interesting I guess you've got a
lot of that's me he dude I'll you know
that well I just want to know why
Brittany loves incest so much that's all
I'm trying to figure out I don't know
and went why it's why I question it
might not a lot to ask questions is that
bad to you shouting destiny damn you
know you're not even allowed to ask a
question about some has pretty
totalitarian myself I would never take
away my brother with autism you know I
mean I never do that well you know what
the [ __ ] what are you doing here dude I
just saw some [ __ ] was going down so
what's wrong with that argument Brittany
he's saying to prevent CP from being
made that also creates a market for that
no no it actually doesn't because you'd
have to be consenting from that
individual and I think the market
argument is like what he is saying is
that to prevent people from being abused
in the future not spread no you're
giving them something to jerk their
chicken to but now instead of them just
jerking their chicken that you're giving
it to them on a platter so you could use
you could use a that's not really what
they do with like people that are going
through like alcohol withdrawals and you
know they go to rehab for alcohol
alcohol make them better because that's
no why do you think you're more
qualified to give this argument in a
psychologist you what I'm saying is that
they try to kind of wean people off of
the alcohol rather than having them quit
cold turkey
the thing is consuming alcohol can be
okay consuming CP in no case can be okay
it's not relevant what does that have to
do with the argument yeah and consuming
CP isn't the harm its abusing the child
that's the harm as soon as you get into
this conversation there isn't really
going to be a clean solution so asthma I
totally understand that right and I'm
willing to say easily that if the
research doesn't bear out that this is a
potential good then obviously I wouldn't
be in favor of it but you can see my
irritation when Brittany Snipes a
30-second clip with me to make it sound
like I'm a defender of child porn on
Twitter right how absolutely and she got
over 2,000 engagements on that tweet to
pedophile yes of course
Renee a pedophile in a child abuser or
two different types of people somebody
Britany do you think that a pedophile is
the same thing as a child abuser I mean
yes okay not offending pedophiles are
still [ __ ] up
yeah no no they're not go shoot people
are you therapeutic killing people is an
objective are you are you trolling right
now I can't I honestly can't tell I can
never tell it's like I mean it because
it we're all just getting bathed in like
that's okay
holy like I've watched on Twitter
activity for court well I don't think
she trolls I believe it's really sad
that that's yeah it is sad
Annie calls himself a centrist CP cannot
be pragmatic
just like how killing people unless it's
in self-defense really can't be
pragmatic how is killing people the same
as consuming child pornography that's
not sure that killing people is
therapeutic problem is killing there is
a huge difference between consuming
child pornography that's already been
produced so there's no child currently
being harmed it's already been made
versus going up please let me finish
please let me finish there is a huge
difference between conceived yes well
you never let me finish buddy there's a
huge difference between consuming child
pornography that's already been made
versus going out and killing somebody
that's not a fair comparison Brittney
this this day went very very strange I'm
not gonna lie but content hold me it's
all good I'll see you later buddy holy
[ __ ] that was some good ass [ __ ] [ __ ]
[Music]
