you can talk more about it I got a
basically I got a message this morning
from Raj at like 10:00 a.m. he's like
hey dude do you want to go smoke weed
with no I Hanson no I'm trying to say if
he'd be like an a-list or a b-list
celebrity I would say like at the very
least a b-list celebrity or B+ yeah like
at least a b-list celebrity and I'm like
okay sure so I like did it the
experience itself like meaning the guy
it was pretty dumb this was the
strongest [ __ ] weed I can't even I
don't even [ __ ] understand I should
have gotten someone I didn't I don't
even like smoking but like they were
passing around I was like okay I don't
really want to get high so I'm gonna
take like two hits to kind of like maybe
get like a weed buzz I don't know what
you call it when you kind of get high on
weed if you'd get call it a bug huh I
was like oh I took tickets and they
weren't even like big hits they were
like like like decent inhale you know
cough love the end that was it and I got
so [ __ ] blasted after like oh man
after like ten minutes I was like [ __ ]
out of my mind I had to tell him I
didn't tell Raj like Raj don't let
anybody ask me [ __ ] questions because
I was blasted holy [ __ ] in like another
dimension for like two hours off of two
puffs it was insane I have no idea how
was even possible this we was so [ __ ]
strong oh my god
when affricates released i'll tell you
guys like the brand or whatever I don't
know if they're like selling publicly
yeah oh my god you guys all don't have
USB c-type cable problems dude I have so
many dude I'm I ordered three more today
they [ __ ] the end goes so bad so
quickly I mean we're like if I pick my
phone up if it's like plugged into the
computer it like it goes like a million
times like it keeps going like in and
out and in and out
it's so [ __ ] annoying it would pixel
to as well right I have the same issue
is only a one break but I'll yeah I
should say like yeah I have a pixel -
it's not that the cables break it's just
that the end becomes kind of like farts
and like it if I sit on my computer and
like move anywhere and like the whole
house anything loose like it's like it
comes unplug and replug and unplug the
roof like just annoying I guess
Kalen let me order a display before a
cable I got like braided cables this
time but it's the ends that go bad not
like the these actually like sick as
[ __ ]
hold on I don't know got these guys hell
yeah [ __ ] [ __ ] looks sick call me to say
goodbye to that what the cringe wrap is
it gonna like get it painted or some
[ __ ] there's no way he's getting rid of
it to get like a good paint job done on
the entire body of a car that's like
$5,000 or some [ __ ] isn't it it's like
really expensive right
what Malina bro you're posting cringe
right now unpopular opinion this summer
that is like a big auntie SJ to be
circle-jerk
like this is what you pose like does
anyone else think that most racism a
actually against white people and the
people like I vote you to the [ __ ]
top communism should be treated the same
way is in Nazi ISM and fascism
what the [ __ ] babies born with
experimental suppose should be abortive
sighs euthanized Wow you can't deny that
Africans are just as much a part of
slavery as the Europeans Wow edgy stop
this Auto chest [ __ ] guys goddamn I'm
gonna play league auto chest oh hell
yeah
[Music]
kpop feels like the most soulless music
in the world to me okay Oh sister North
Korean national anthem Oh maybe j-pop is
similar I don't know when I see like
certain types of pop music it just feels
like the most like focused tested like
aya why overproduced like every actress
is fake they had nothing to do with any
of the music any of the lyrics like
everything just seems like super super
ultra SOLAS to me okay let's get through
our articles first
McConnell blocks election security takes
checks from voting machine lobbyists
investigations recently told Congress
does this guy get paid by the letter why
would you why would you write this out
senator roy blunt said recently when
asked by Senator Dick Durbin whether the
Rules Committee Dominion voting systems
which was recently acquired by new
york-based hedge fund staple Street
Capitol signed its first ever lobbying
contract in July and January 2019 with
Brownstein Brownstein Hyatt Farber and
Shrek and has paid the company at least
thirty thousand so far to lobby Congress
in the grand scheme of things isn't much
money right one hundred fifty thousand
over two years thirty thousand dollars
is this really that much money money
spent lobbying 20:18 lobbying spending
reaches three point four billion dollars
in 2018 the highest in eight years
doesn't seem like that much in the grand
scheme of things
Emily Curlin a lobbyist for Peck Madigan
Jones the lobbies for es NS on election
security measles campus campaign
committee 1001 phibian a teen that our
colleagues who work for Anna gave $1,000
on March 4th that's pretty that's places
like no money it's not surprising at
Mitch McConnell was receiving these
campaign contributions he seemed simply
to be standing in the way of anything
passing a Congress or an election
security
Mitch McConnell's conflict of interest
blocking any of all it's kind of like
don't you think it's more likely that he
just doesn't care about the Russian shed
anymore he wants to make all that should
go away rather than he's being bribed
with four thousand dollars said is that
I don't know this kind of seems like a
three head take to me well the bill does
not explicitly bent electronic
assistance were marking paper ballots
something to both yes and s and Dominion
voting systems have begun manufacturing
specifies that voting it would give two
states to replace their paperless
systems could not be used oh it
specifies that funny it would give to
States to replace a paperless systems
could not be used to acquire any
electronic device that a voter can use
to mark a paper ballot
why not just use paper ballots why would
you use an electronic machine and make a
paper ballot when I just use a paper
ballot this looks boring then we already
read a story like this weren't the past
two stars we read yesterday kinda like
this Donald Trump erupts have her pull
said he would lose to every major
Democrat in 2020 they don't even exist
retweeted his post for Monday tithing a
fifty percent approval rating according
to Rasmussen Rasmussen always always
leans like pretty conservative rant I
don't understand the how the polls to
first much say - I'm pretty sure that
Rasmussen is not really taken seriously
like it usually leans like pretty
outside of like most polls right like
it's usually really conservatively
biased I think banned by 538 wait why
are these banned wait hold on wait why
are these banned if they're correct
fairly decently I don't understand
probably conducted like trash oh they
just got lucky maybe oh there's a
Rasmussen oh they got a C+
would you say reddit is a left-wing bias
depends on what you're separated -
talking about politics definitely does I
think I take it an exclusive enter your
Trump says you would listen to
foreigners offer dirt on opponents this
is somebody that said we have
information on your opponent oh let me
call the FBI give me a break
life doesn't work the or director says
that's what should happen the FBI
director is wrong this time
foreigners Hong Kong shops workers in a
rare strike to defend freedom Oh
China's trying I think Hong Kong is
trying to vote so that China can
extradite people from Hong Kong I think
a Hong Kong is worried that China's
gonna use it to abuse like media [ __ ] or
something what their videos this Hong
Kong protest was massive I think I don't
know if there were videos on this or not
masks everyone was a target
including us already the smoke is a tear
gas is making its way feeling it Oh your
nose name is Keith with a girl like Hong
Kong marine lepen ordered to stand trial
for tweeting pictures of Isis killings
I'm not gonna lie I thought her name was
Marie lepen I didn't know her name was
actually a [ __ ] marine a judge in the
West Paris suburb of man teri is our
world she should stand trial for the
images she could face up to three years
in prison and a max fine of 75,000 euros
if convicted last year magistrate
ordered Miss lepen 50 to undergo
psychiatric evaluation determined she
should go to trial three years for that
yeah I don't know it sounds pretty
[ __ ] weird to me but it's absurd that
magic mushrooms and MDMA are Class A
drugs expert tells MPs or a whole
scheduling for drugs in the DA is super
[ __ ] stupid the classification for
mushrooms and MDMA is Class A drugs is
absurd when the potential risk of harm
and abuse is significantly lower than
legal or less strictly controlled
substances MPs have been told what
Arendt what does MP stand for your 100 a
member of parliament Oh
Class A oh this is a UK [ __ ] I'm sorry
we're on world news and this isn't USA
all the drugs scaling is scheduling
stuff especially in the u.s. seems to be
insanely [ __ ] arbitrary I don't know
how I would ever get changed though
since it seems like most politicians are
old as [ __ ]
don't seem to think that like I don't
even know what old people think my mom
thinks it like if I do LSD I'm going to
turn it on like a crazy [ __ ] druggie
or whatever it's pretty [ __ ] stupid
just be up front that you want a real
fight you want argument no buddy-buddy
[ __ ] but it's not true Michael Brooks is
incredibly [ __ ] intelligent and he
knows more than me and probably
probably every single [ __ ] issue that
he talks about Michael Braxton's am
consider like two of the only people
that I like really look up to in terms
of like these guys are like very good at
like debate and conversation and like
really really know their [ __ ] what about
pac-man pac-man is really cool and he
seems like he knows this [ __ ]
pac-man is really Cloney seems like he
knows his [ __ ] but like he was like if I
disagreed with Pakman on something like
I would like look into it a little bit
like okay I think Pakman kind of [ __ ]
this up did you watch Bernie's MS OC
speech no if so what did you think
but if I like if like Michael Brooks or
Sam cedar like grossly disagreed with
him it's something about you [ __ ] am I
[ __ ] something up right now like oh
[ __ ] I don't know that would be like
that's I don't know
I like grant a lot of respect to those
two your favorite stronger unions are
forests no stop don't that's not funny I
will kick your ass if you do this do you
understand yeah do you understand this
isn't funny you can this people get
killed for stuff like this in America
it's not like Sweden do you understand
don't poke guys in the belly button okay
if you're watching that's not funny some
serious [ __ ] it's really disappointing
to me to see a lot of people on the Left
see Ted Cruz say certain things like oh
my god Ted Cruz believes that thing well
like yeah of course Ted Cruz is like Ted
Cruz is like a Republican like
constitutionalist like it's not
surprising dude what did you think he
thought I like are all conservatives
just like the same type of person to you
like there are some stances that Ted
Cruz could have that shouldn't
necessarily be like that surprising like
if Ted Cruz were to say something like I
don't think the federal government
should make like abortion illegal that's
probably a position that Ted Cruz has
because he'd probably be like leave it
to the state's guy or maybe even more
extreme he would say like the government
shouldn't be able to do I don't know I
know I'm abortion I don't actually know
because Ted Cruz is a Republican and
that's a pretty Republican issue but
like it like his position on lobbying
for instance is something that he's
talked about a lot like Ted Cruz is not
a fan of lobbyists like he said as much
on the whole campaign trail when he
cannot need any allied with aoc people
were like oh [ __ ] Ted Cruz wants to
do something to lobby no Isaac yeah he
said [ __ ] all along with the [ __ ] like
what is this like new sewer ok destiny
these are some pretty new takes in you
you shouldn't have so many times without
this new ones on his politics why it
because constitutional czar [ __ ]
stupid as [ __ ] I'm just telling you that
aren't surprised that doesn't mean I'm
not gonna occasionally agree with him on
something of course there are some
things I'm pretty sure that Ted Cruz I
think was like anti imperialist as well
right which like Tea Party conservatives
I think are generally anti like
imperialist as much as you can be as an
American as well but that doesn't mean
he's like a good politician for me
aren't you our Tea Party externally like
anti Imperials aren't they aren't they
usually like
because not because I need generally
smaller government and they even extend
that to like overseas American [ __ ]
like I feel like I feel like Tea
Partiers like flirted with
libertarianism a little bit and they
need to be as left-leaning people don't
normally watch Republican media slash
Fox yeah I know because most left-wing
people - no [ __ ] idea well because
most people in general don't know what
everyone else thinks I guess destiny are
these 7th chords any time you hear
something with like I guess the way that
I would experience like like a dirty
sound I would assume that they're like
seven sir Knights involved sure like
stuff like that I don't know if you it
sounds dirty to you like this second
quarter dick man sir it's agreeable I
don't know that's what that would be
like how I would say it to hear it I
guess I don't know are these modal seven
modal sevens doesn't mean anything it's
a desert so whatever term a mode this is
a worthless explanation modes are just
different types of scales and music it
doesn't there's no such thing as a modal
7th like anything can be a 7th it's a
nonsensical combination of two words
what in Stern's thing in the wah wah
annoys that's an electric guitar so in
some ways I listened to such basic [ __ ]
music and I also really picky about like
the type of basic digit like there's a
guitar in here that kind of has the
sound it's the reason why I like this
song there's like I don't know how you
describe it like a wham way it sound I
know there's like a pedal for this
don't walk it off yeah
like the guitar in the background of
this does it as well and this is kind of
this sound seems like 70s inspired with
the width of the strings of the guitar
but
you can hear like the guitar in the back
right
I knew if I like I need to spend like a
[ __ ] two weeks like listening if
we're gonna play [ __ ] later I should
at least be listening to music in the
background it's like the one good thing
thank you my prime like two weeks this
is for normies I can find love maybe but
this string section since the sickest
[ __ ] I love this chord progression
[Music]
jz samples us first say hello sounds
like Chrono Trigger almost but this will
be like the only sections of these songs
I like it's not worth it listening to
this whole [ __ ] thing for this shut
the [ __ ] up nice talking about like the
song sampling is like when you take an
old song and you like take like one part
of it and then you like make a song over
it it's like the beat for like you're
right I love this old 70s funk I might
be wrong but like in a lot of like that
70s 80s [ __ ] too
I always felt like the bassist were a
little bit more interesting oh my god
one of them like huge crimes one of the
most like killed instruments in all of
like it must have been when like alright
even like 80s rock music like bases just
sucked I think what let's what's like
let's think of like popular no no this
is fine this is fine
maybe maybe it would have been maybe it
was later maybe it's like the 90s one
like the [ __ ] like grunge and all that
[ __ ] or whatever [ __ ] what was like
Nirvana like all rock and stuff I don't
know what you would consider let's go a
little bit further in time when did the
bass player become the [ __ ] failed
guitar player this is definitely a guy
that this is definitely a guy that
couldn't play guitar Red Hot Chili
Peppers I thought their music is
reasonably pretty decent this is good
I mean it's got a real bass line I don't
know this is like some of the little
[ __ ] that I stole from jaws but like one
of my biggest pet peeves something
that's like it's not like good or bad
there's one thing that I there's no
excuse that like there's no excuse for
the bass to be playing rhythm it's
that's not what it's for nothing I don't
know why it's not how the bass got
relegated to playing like rhythm and
it's like you know like that's what the
drumset is for like why are you doing
this like why are you banging out
[ __ ] quarter notes or or a thought so
the bass like we were already taken care
of do something else it's so stupid
[Music]
it isn't actually kind of cool I don't
know why I don't know why I like this
that's this estimate
I don't understand this at all okay
[Music]
