debate days honey gonna bathe this guy
but he's probably gonna [ __ ] come on
and screamin or something all of you
guys are white and I'll take you guys
are giving me good advice
all right we do you my buddy hey how's
it going destiny way don't what do you
want
I just want to talk to you about himself
since I'm a black and so and I think
there's a lot of people especially some
of the people I was talking to in a
discord that have a lot of they
understand and seldom at all
so just want to talk to you okay we'll
wait I mean what do you want to talk
about what do you want us to understand
I want you guys to understand number one
not all in cells are terrorists not all
in cells are evil some of those are nice
guys that due to unfortunate
circumstances just can't get laid
and within seven people told me that
looking at you you're a short guy Dustin
you can get laid but how much money do
you make a year
I mean in a sentiment boy exactly you
make a decent amount of money I mean I
got laid in high school I was pretty
[ __ ] then no how how how think about
it you have apps like tinder now women
can go did a have tinder around when you
were in high school
uh-huh all right no they didn't exactly
so now woman can go on tinder get at
least a hundred matches a day and she
gets to choose between the best-looking
guys in her City so do you think little
Steve would have gotten a woman when he
was in high school and gender was around
yeah for sure the girls that I [ __ ]
wouldn't be going on tinder I don't
think most women go on tinder you know
take most women go until their job
Abdeen no women you know right how I
mean you're kind of older argument I
mean oh no no let's take of the numbers
how are you 29 I'm 24
most one then I know most women around
where I live hey Sabrina half a million
women using tinder right now that's a
lot [ __ ] women I mean it's over like
165 million women in the US I don't know
how many are too old or too young or you
see them to start how many are saying
how many women you have on there they
are married how many women you have on
their dad fiancees that are obviously
lying that drizzling at the video from
tinder family from tinder there's 3.5
million women that's I don't know some
screening off an article I imagine they
have these numbers but it's not just
like self-reported I'm sure yeah but a
lot of a lot of women have tinder
accounts or tinder profiles to have
husbands that are obviously not gonna
say yeah I have a tender conquer
well no I think they get these numbers
from tended itself oh just the number of
users dirt and [ __ ] yeah
like month active monthly accounts or
not well I think the numbers a lot
higher but let's just say 3.5 million
that's so a lot of that's still a lot
women and you still have to include
sites like okay
OkCupid bumble they're really ghetto
site honey a fish there's a [ __ ] ton of
data in apps out there
I mean tenders just use more primarily
for I guess hookups OkCupid it's more
for I don't know people your age but
yeah there's a lot of women that are
using dating apps and that's going to
skew the playing field a lot heavier
because I can't if I go up to a woman
[ __ ] in five for 180 pounds black I
was discussing this earlier on your
discord I got the [ __ ] cops called on
me just for approaching a woman that
[ __ ] [ __ ] sucks
I I mean sure
what what is your solution what do you
want to do about it
well I think if we look at the Dayton
stats the Dayton preference debts
OkCupid did a study I think we just have
to be aware that white men do have a
unfair playing field when it comes to
online dating if you look at white man
and the percentages of women that are
applying a white man is a lot higher
than an Indian man Hispanic man any
other race and a good stat as well to
think about this is that forty five
percent of Asian women cohabitate we're
European men as opposed to forty three
percent of Asian women that cohabitate
what Asian men so we live in a white
supremacist Society
what are you whether you like it or not
these are just the facts that I'm stated
okay so wait so what am I supposed to do
or what what do we what do we do about
it well I'm reaching out to you that's
why I wanted to reach out to you right I
don't know why did you want to reach out
to me what are we i wanted to state the
facts okay how how dude how do those
facts make you feel doesn't make you
feel more sympathetic towards me as an
individual I don't know what am I
supposed to feel I don't know what I'm
supposed to do I can't make people [ __ ]
you like I'm not sure what like my stay
sane
you can tell woman if you do see a woman
perhaps perhaps if you do see a woman
you can inform her hey no I mean you
don't have to be that blunt with it you
can just be like hey I see that you only
been dating six feet for tall white guys
that look like they're from The Bachelor
or whatever TV show that is have you
ever thought about maybe introduce them
to a black friend be like hey Jerome
here he's a very nice guy do you think
it every single like four out of ten
girl is dating like a nine out of ten
guy no here's the thing
so women not use these apps like tinder
OkCupid uh-huh
the thing is that they get [ __ ] by DC
but they get [ __ ] by men they're like
a tight ends nine tight ends so that
gives them the unreasonable expectation
that they can essentially these are the
guys that are going they're going to
settle with essentially but when these
guys don't come around and these guys
essentially settle with higher class
women Stacy's is what we refer to as
like eeeh ten nine eight ten women these
fat women these ethnic women or whatever
they usually end up settling with men at
a later date when their posts wall in
their 40s and a dirty
so I'm probably I'm probably gonna get
mine but right now I am suffering Hamden
I'm just staying faxed Oh
did that clear up any misconceptions yet
about the cells or they think still
think we're pieces of [ __ ] I mean I
don't know what the rest of your views
are is it possible you're a piece of
[ __ ] I don't I don't know well I never
hurt women I never I never yelled at a
woman before someone said I drew acid
I draw acid at women like what the [ __ ]
know I know where to get acid like I
would never do that to a woman I was
raised by saying I was raised by single
mother she raised three of us by herself
that [ __ ] [ __ ] sucks a lot of people
will say hey you being from a single mom
that's the reason why you're not
masculine that's the reason why you
can't talk to women because we're scared
of it
bad people say that to me it's not
downstairs that women don't like me if
you call the cops on me you're probably
scared of me right not the other way no
I'm going up to you asking you how your
day is and you're calling the cops
you're scared of me I'm not scared of
you I go on tinder right mm-hmm so if
we're saying tenders the problem the
solution is to go on tinder as well
I get what six matches in a year you
only got seconds in a whole year
Italy reply to you that's a [ __ ] up
[ __ ]
there's no way you only get six matches
in a year I bet is redic I really wish I
was [ __ ]
I really did maybe your profile is just
really bad I mean that's a possibility I
try like different yeah I think you need
to try something different
cuz I've got like over a hundred online
and I don't put anything in mind your
[ __ ] destiny do you know what I don't
put that on my [ __ ] tinder profile
your destiny though yeah but nobody
knows that in my inner for a while you
don't have you'll have like pictures of
you and your stream and sure no I've got
like a picture of me and like my little
[ __ ] dress shirt I think it picture
me as a baby yes babe yeah that's kind
of creepy
I'm an adorable baby alright but if
you're only getting soft patches in a
year I feel like maybe my ABS [ __ ] of me
i Reese I like reset
so yeah I'm pretty much stuck
and it was your advice mr. Vyse as a
white male history replace I don't know
dude you try and make yourself interact
you anything you go to school you go to
work or anything yeah I work I don't go
to school out the moment going back
girls into our friend or not or old like
really like corporate office and all
like so they have kids I'm trying like
once I go back to school in the fall
that's when I'm trying to really get
taken in a lot of the advice people have
been giving me because I've been doing
interviews and had people on my podcast
so I've been trying to take that advice
and kind of see where I can go with it
because I mean there's a couple months
ago where I really was about to [ __ ]
give up you know like I was about a
[ __ ] brother
I mean it sounds like you kind of just
need to work on yourself know and then
the dating will kind of like follow
naturally from that I don't think yeah I
know like what the goal to like start
dating can be kind of
be like in a good position at your own
life is probably gonna run like a Q&A
it's like you say this phrase I'm
probably getting answer it with okay you
tell me that got work on yourself yadda
yadda but I I went to the gym got down
to like eight percent body fat
approached woman join javis getting good
grades after a couple months of that and
after the get in the cops called on me
incident that's when I pretty much
[ __ ] lost it why do you picture
yourself at 8% body fat I mean I really
don't want to I don't want to get dogs
that's doesn't knock throughout our
docks you do I don't want I don't want
that information out there especially if
I'm classifying myself as an insult and
people think I'm a terrorist rone acid
off of it I'll take that smart of me job
picture out there have a job dude I mean
let me I can pee in
I really set information I can I mean
like it's not just like looking good
like there are other things that go into
being attractive as well
right like yeah I'm not I'm not like a
creepy guy no gods women like one day
when I got two cops caught on me it's
not like I went up to the woman and was
like hey girl you want to look like you
know like I did not sound anything like
that was just like hey how you doing
how's your day going
and she just gave me the stink face and
I pretty much just walked away and then
five minutes later the campus security
was like hey are you sexually are you
harassing
so I'm not creepy about it I'm not I
don't know what it is
honestly like I said I think those
Dayton statistics that I stated earlier
about the Dayton preferences and Asian
women cohabitated more and with white
man I think as a black man if you're not
if you're not an NFL player if you're
not like a rapper
you're not like a young tug or 50 cent
by people like Ben Carson you're not
celebrated in our community you're not
they're not put on a pedestal plastic
sex simple and childish can be you know
like he's like the one token nerdy
black-eyed up white boy they want to
[ __ ] but yeah and then it's like burnt
word we're all brothers like us actually
I'm talking intelligent complete [ __ ]
can't talk that talk intelligently that
care about presenting myself and a lone
man in a deck trying to get good grades
I tried to do good in the society but
still at the end of the day they want a
NFL player they want someone debts I
don't know it's just I mean I feel like
there are lots of girls that don't just
want to date like NFL players my dude
but I mean if you go on tinder where
people are they're explicitly just to
hook up and they've got access to a lot
of people I mean that's not gonna be
like the best place to find a chick no
yeah I mean I haven't only gone on
tinder - I got on OkCupid as well try to
get dates but that pretty much ended up
I had no luck on that either
on behind the oven that's pretty much my
life as a black as black man since so
what are you different fun like what
your hobbies try work out I was here
five days a week I'm going back to
school in the fall finish up my degree
like to read okay let's say that we sat
at a table and I had to ask you to tell
me as much as you could about one topic
and you were confident that you'd like
know more about that topic than like
anybody else in a restaurant what would
that topic that he would talk to me
about probably talk to you about
probably popped me in politics maybe I
try State Politics working out just
music in general as a genre like the
politics in working out doesn't seem
like stuff that a lot of girls would be
interested in no well why are women
naturally interested in besides like
Netflix and and traveling I mean try
acting
I mean traveling about places I've been
places they want to go things I like in
places when they travel I don't know
it's the right thing I mean music or art
things if you if you're into any of that
can be a good point of conversation okay
I don't know you have to like make
yourself interesting right you're your
own hype most women aren't interested
well then why do you even want to do
anything with anyone shouldn't you be
mgtow then instead if most women are
boring to you why why do you even care
of you with a woman then I mean I want
to lose my virginity I mean honestly I
made essentially a goal with myself if I
don't get laid by the time I'm dirty I'm
probably just gonna get a prostitute why
does why do you care so much about like
losing your virginity why is it so
important I just want that experience
I mean it's easy it's easy is easy for
you to stay since you [ __ ] since you
have sex it's like it's like going to
Africa seeing something
some African child very dehydrated I
feel like life you're you're sipping on
the bottom of the water you're like bro
why why do you care so much about
drinking water well I don't know tell
you wouldn't just like get a prostitute
earlier then or an escort or whatever
well I wanted so okay so you're telling
me I got a try but now you're telling me
well why not not try and just get the
prostitute so which should I keep on
mainly the sex happens as a result of
like other things like organic things so
you make yourself an interesting person
you meet a woman that shows interested
you and then eventually you have sex but
if your goal is literally you just want
to [ __ ] somebody and that's like you're
single like gold that's like the most
important thing that is get an escort or
never ending him past all the other bulb
shatters yeah I want I want a
relationship with someone interest to
that some point of advice but I I do
feel like that's very hard fine well I
mean special sound like men you sound
like all the women you're describing
like they only want to [ __ ] like really
hot Chad's ever they sound like women
that you wouldn't want to be in a
relationship with anyway so like why not
yeah I would I wouldn't
honestly have one I'm just stating
there's a reason why these one
the first places yeah but this isn't
every woman you're literally like
selecting for women going on tinder
hook-up like of course these ones
they're gonna be more into looking for
certain guys they want to hook up with
and other types of women like so you
think just so you just think your
average girl next door isn't going what
you want the best-looking guy either
I mean best-looking means a lot of
things to different people not everyone
that's like a shredder dude of course
not yeah best best best looking isn't
five four black guy can be there it
doesn't like short guys I like skinny
guys you're gonna like fat guys or what
like there's women like a ton of
different [ __ ] I don't think a woman
wants a five-foot-two janitor Indian
janitor hey bald in India I'll take any
woman as yeah yeah well I mean at that
point now you're starting to like stack
on like the negative traits like five to
all you're getting like really far
removed from the norm here I mean what
you want to say is like missing an arm
too but I mean like I mean if you're a
woman
any any attribute that you have to
fetishize
so if you can be like really fat woman
you guys will find that to be a fetish
you can be a [ __ ] guys this is a
worthless conference you can be in will
probably you are stuck in me
right outside we repeat that last thing
where we saying I said there's probably
this evening morning out there because
every negative attribution that a woman
has can be fetishized the same cannot be
said for that
what do you mean I think there's a much
wider scope of like acceptable appearing
men there are four acceptable apparent
women you think there's uh to give me
example sure like men can come in all
shapes and sizes whereas fat women are
almost universally frowned upon no have
you heard the that acceptance lift yeah
but you don't see that [ __ ] on like the
digging Sam I mean let's leave we can
compare like if you want to look like
Hollywood actors like we can find plenty
of Hollywood actors that are men that
are overweight it's really hard these
are Hollywood actors yeah but I'm saying
like you can find these are men to have
status these are men to have okay but
like even fat even women with status
that are fat aren't gonna be like sex
symbol they're things that people want
to for five Adele Adele like the fact
that Adele was like who you have to
point to is she even like huge isn't she
just like kind of a chubber
I don't remember what she looks like
Susan who's that Susan Boyles
like the really disgusted look and she's
a she but she's not a sex symbol she's
like 15 years old she was ironically
made into a sex symbol
no she wasn't where are you serious
have you missed have you not seen the
amount of people that are like yeah I
would [ __ ] like how would I ever not I
guess I just miss sound like ironic
though and there's guys that would
actually
are you already get internet right now
yeah look up the pig the pig women
experiment I'll do it later okay okay
it's not it's not late some blue waffle
it's just like it was pretty interesting
yeah just really nasty looking woman now
I would say she's about 250 like hairy
chest obviously made to look a lot nicer
than she is real life and they gave her
like a pig snout and essentially they
gave this a profile OkCupid just to see
how hollow or men's standard and yes we
got a lot of myths and she got a lot of
interest from men that wanted the [ __ ]
I mean mental I mean men will typically
[ __ ] down like wool fluffed women they
wouldn't want to date I mean I know it's
kind of different but you tell them but
you're telling you just said that that
