you're here what's up buddy welcome dude
you're not yeah I can hang you're a
little quiet but that's okay yeah okay
go far what's up okay um this is this is
kind of tufted I nothin Tobias I was
trying with pure logic
okay okay I'm saying today to people
about loot boxes and games and its
relation to gambling mmm how do you feel
about it umm I think they're it's
analogous so I think it's a pretty good
comparison between gambling and loot
boxes okay if I were to disagree using
real-life examples yeah go for it what
about trading card games on those
gambling yes I think so
okay so why is the band being pushed
faster on games than on card games since
they've been there forever um I don't
know it's a really good question I think
you could make an argument that both are
AI if you really wanted to go hard on
video games maybe the argument that one
could give that I could see being good
is that the accessibility for card games
makes it a little bit less cancerous
than the accessibility for loop box so
for instance let's say I'm like addicted
to Pokemon Trading Card games right I
have to run and go to the store and buy
them and that's like a little bit
greater of a barrier to entry than like
I'm on my computer and I could click a
button like 400 times to keep buying
over and over and over again but
otherwise I do think that there are
comparisons to be made sure okay a lot
of people in chat are trying to bring up
some difference between owning digital
items versus way relevant or irrelevant
okay I agree right now I'm sorry I was
just saying to check I think it's a
really dumb argument I think it's
anything the fact that you're only me or
not is irrelevant we're talking about
the the behavior it fosters and the
habit that fosters not not the sort of
result of yeah I agree I agree yeah
okay okay then okay yeah I was uh I was
I was gonna upset or like it's gambling
it and it's not that I didn't think it
was gambling it I sort of agreed it but
because of training card games invited
or not like being bad or whatever it
made me feel like yeah I think it's
probably like the accessibility to it
like if you go and you buy a ton of
pokemon cards you don't get the one you
want you probably feel shitty or
whatever and that's fine but like
getting in your car driving back to the
store is a lot harder than like buying
another loop box or buying another thing
online that took a lot easier but I
agree that both should probably be seen
as gambling I don't know how you look at
trading card games and you don't
consider them as gambling yeah
fundamentally the box and you'll pack
both Foster's same sort of behavior
pattern probably yeah yeah because
because like I don't use like anecdotal
evidence but I just like like opening
opening pack like I think really made me
like not like a gambler but I really
like opening [ __ ] I don't know what's
gonna be in it yeah for sure it's
exciting and smoke yeah but I understand
that the the reach that blue box app is
much greater you know it's kind of a
hassle if your kid eatery dick the
gambling did like your mom's credit card
and running like the [ __ ] game
shopping like volume like all literally
every pack they haven't it's kinda it's
kind of dumb like that what happen in
the real world mmm-hmm because they're
like humans to go through and roll again
there we go that's kind of weird yeah
yeah but anyway yeah I think it's a good
the digital versus it's in it's an
interesting conversation that difference
been digitally owning something which
you don't versus like physically owning
something but it just it has nothing to
do with the topic of gambling it's a
totally it's a good conversation I have
but it's a totally different
conversation people are talking about
buying pre-built decks as well I don't
know what that has to do with anything
pre-built decks and never well I'm sorry
in Pokemon or unless things have changed
and pokemons pre build decks have never
had good [ __ ] ever like the pre-built
rares word garbage like everybody knew
what those who are the best ones who
always got out of booster packs but
maybe that's different in magic or maybe
that's different and um in Pokemon now
so so you don't like you know and you
would like this much that's done it
doesn't matter because that's not true
anyway because you're never well I mean
like it's true but like you're never
gonna make as much on the card as you
stood spending it on the booster packs
that's just a fact unless you get really
[ __ ] lucky right that's just how the
secondary markets work firstly secondly
a lot of those secondary markets rely on
you keeping that card in mint condition
like so if your card gets scratched or
if you [ __ ] with the edges or anything
at all like you're not gonna be able
sell it some some places you ought to
get it like actually like I'm like in an
actual like [ __ ] steel case and [ __ ]
and like rated by other agencies or like
rated by other people that like check
the validity the card to make sure it's
in mint condition too so I can box when
it comes out and right like when some
new stuff comes out like they don't know
is gonna be good enough but they buy the
whole thing out like like four g-packs
and like they're like like turbo
versions with the [ __ ] gloves on in
their mask and show like that yeah also
what about the thing
yeah I also have like GTA no I never
took is your sponsor I didn't like I'm
either entire business model was based
on scamming it seemed like that's where
most of their keys came from was either
like people stealing them in mass from
places where they shouldn't have gotten
them or people I was like buying so
Activision's is like a piece of [ __ ] and
the old blackout games like blackout one
would all be expended by four zombies
that [ __ ] was like $130 of the whole
thing yeah it's like a 15 year old game
dude
right I was getting mad at like you'd
like this is [ __ ] [ __ ] really
dude boy you're just um I did I would
never stoop that low as like my energy
to where like Jimmy that is like
literally fuelling evil right because I
wish it you know um you know some people
sometimes like oh dude don't eat food
from Nestle they evil because with this
product they kill and don't mistreat
it'll be mr. animal animal and [ __ ] like
I'm like dude if you can deal with
everything like you'd be homeless no not
gonna wear any clothes on eating food
you'll be like eating grass off the
[ __ ] floor again be that way for
everything
like nobody's consumed the mentality of
like not byproducts because it fuels
them right different because you
directly feel evil that the act of
buying the key itself literally fuels
the fact it feels what they do directly
it's not like an indirect yeah usually
well the argument would be like are
there viable alternatives that would be
like the thing that you would probably
look for the most so like for instance
if you were to try to be like a
vegetarian right well this is something
that like most people can like
reasonably do because there's like
alternatives to like most meat based
foods like you can find a lot of
alternatives now if you wanted to like
replace like all of your clothing from
ethical sources that might be really
really really [ __ ] hard because like
everybody uses like sweatshops and [ __ ]
like an outsource is their stuff you
know so I think like it comes down to a
matter of like alternatives so like for
GTA like it's pretty easy to use steam
or to buy from a million other like
legitimate game sources like there's
probably not a good reason to use it
[Music]
I guess I'm a streamer like I I I want a
hundred percent keep like you know like
I I think overall the morals always in
check it like I never bought situate not
even off stream yay plus a plug that I
can you know that I could afford it so I
don't have to but sometimes like things
like like like [ __ ] act like uh I
couldn't think like it's just it's
frustrating good the game is the same
price it was when it came out like a few
years ago right and the packs of $17.49
Ami's it that's that's [ __ ] like
like they don't give a [ __ ] it's gonna
hard to give a [ __ ] myself sure I kind
of know what you mean yeah I mean I
understand you're saying at least
protected obviously no like sort of more
loss you don't feel like you're feeling
anything he actually came back
[ __ ] car all right yes I keep on our
yeah no but I I kind of no Germania I
mean like people use the same thing with
like music labels sometimes where
they're like oh you know like I'm not
gonna buy an album it's gonna make the
record label rich instead of the instead
of like the artists themselves I mean
that's kind of like I guess some
personal thing for you to figure out at
the end of the day like where you want
to draw the line
just be careful you're not bullshitting
yourself into something that's just
because it's cheaper and then you're
trying to like post hoc rationalization
did this thing because it was really the
good thing to do when in reality just
wanted to save money I guess but yeah I
mean things like I get you guys which
are sometimes not the guys like I'm mad
then it is sometimes like you know don't
be that way like the they're sort of
like gonna argue over like really small
[ __ ] that but they do like really wrong
[ __ ] that they could you know but but um
you know stuff like I don't know let's
say you buy an album right let's say
there wasn't one your record label right
buddy all the album of a rapper is he
makes good music right and then and then
that guy ends up being like an already
poster assumption like are ya Yeah right
and you're like we'll do like I like the
music and I don't think the money that I
spend on the album will go fuel direct
with the behavior of him beating people
that makes sense
whereas in GTA me buying a product
literally fuels them to get more product
like that mm-hmm
right so it's like indirect fueling
indirect fueling is why I was online is
that like it yeah kind of I mean people
will quibble with you over where you can
draw that line though right like you
have enough people buy an album there's
gonna be enough to man that you can
probably sign it on a label and do
another album or something right I mean
people will argue over where that exact
line is but and and ultimately that line
is kind of arbitrary
then it all depends then this all falls
back down to politics how your that [ __ ]
I like how you roll sure yeah I'm like
it's like it's like oh it's all an
opinion in the mind so it's not like
well like a truth like okay this yeah I
mean like at the end of the day like
everybody has like their own systems for
determining what's moral of what's
immoral I guess like the most important
things to just try to make sure that
you're consistent that you're like
consistent and how you evaluate things
so like if you're saying things like
like well I will never ever ever buy you
know from from these people because I
think that this game is too expensive or
some [ __ ] and then you find you're doing
it with like indie games or something
like just make sure that you're like
using the same reasons like all the time
I'm sorry does that make sense yeah so
like for instance if you say something
like like EA is a huge greedy company
I'm not gonna buy anything from them
that's why I pirate those games and then
your private like indie games like okay
well what's your reason for that well
you know indie people are greedy too
it's like okay well do you really care
that people are greedy or you just like
pirating games could use more free [ __ ]
you know I went to my trailer was a
really pretty place to my dude was it
yeah I thought that everybody in a
Quebec would speaking like French like
you do but no they were easily
understandable
yeah sometimes I don't even do it like
purpose I think we all fall for those
hoop we all fall into the Sun you know
sometimes like you know just like you
said you know you got to make sure
you're consisting with it sometimes
you're inconsistent but not on purpose
like okay yeah sure can happen we
nobody's like perfectly consistent I'm
[ __ ] everything ever for sure yes I
like malice right it's like oh I didn't
I didn't take back and look at it
right just like um let's say some
streamers like big and he does like
really normal my sellout [ __ ]
like I'm not gonna study this guy look
at me subs yeah dude [ __ ] I'm good
and then something like doing like some
sellout garbage yeah Paul champ [ __ ] it
is I'm getting my paycheck it's like you
know I've watched since sc2 days and
still gave my first prime sub to his on
thanks buddy like in chat like some guy
was like will not buy GTA but will
support blizzard Pepe guy right yeah
that's a pretty dumb tank I don't
because it's really stupid and I'm sure
a lot of people on Twitter I'm probably
good with it pull that out and
everyone's my streaming does it you know
like he's not gonna understand it and
then it's like yeah I folded up so bad
I'm like getting a wait okay well that
was one [ __ ] let's have a good
stream like know that I wanted to eat
yeah I get it
I was done that's never gonna happen
unfortunately yeah but that's just the
way of the chance right yeah it's really
hard to deal with I mean most people
still have problems like even big
content credits have problems like
streaming and whatnot because of like
dealing with China whatnot are you
playing while classic at all you know
oh yeah cuz it's a good like passive
thing wait why are the [ __ ] you leveling
off stream then I don't I walk my
streams like dead
I was a milord a nation was not dead
like I was he liked good numbers but
then um chat was slow and it was like I
thought I just felt like purposeless
right mm-hmm I literally Knesset how am
I just talk that much I like talking but
when there's no goals I tend to like ask
to amount of time it's like at a
pressure build inside of me and like
rushes me really bad it that's a point
like I just [ __ ] losing like yeah I
can't do this I can't I can't just say
you're in just [ __ ] and like banter evil
dude and he's like you're small-time
drama trash I need gold anything and
sort of how I felt during that day like
you know dude [ __ ] it the media share so
I did it
but um yeah it's like you know and I
mean like it's why I'm living off stream
I don't think it's that good not because
of all that and you can't just media
share while you wait what does the media
sure mean I don't actually know that
means I should probably ask yeah okay
yeah and you can't do that while you
play well it doesn't work that way or
yeah I do but I don't overdo it
it's silently trashed oh I understand
what you're saying okay guys sure the
only reason why there's a donation it'd
be only one device division base it's
for a filter people get person narrative
that it's oh dude you do because it's
the moaning dude well it's very easy to
push that in there any of it and I'm not
gonna be them pushing it because the
comment I'll give a is worth it I can
think I can take the backlash that make
sense mm-hmm right but the whole point
is way like the filter because free
videos won't be trash literally yeah
yeah people will just donate a [ __ ] ton
of dumb [ __ ] all day yeah and it'll ruin
the stream so you can't do any other
content while it's like playing on oh
yeah and then under the hand really
really cheap videos will be very long it
will get their max value like two
dollars like an eight-minute video
mm-hmm and then we'll never get anywhere
but good means it should be Twitter with
garbage to people really want to put out
yeah so you have to find like that and
also if it was a real media share with
like I would say my entire attention on
it you know like uh like a real one
Sunday mm-hmm for the video on Mac
screen names reacting to all the videos
then I wasn't gonna be really
the tunnels will be higher right when
does it well I did that day I put a
middle ground between cheap and
expensive because I'm playing the game
at sundown I'm just like hanging out
right sure
yeah yeah that's like good content but
still have like long good stuff what
have you been doing our stream lately
games like watch that much I watch for
like a couple days straight it was I was
looking doing really good I was playing
well like good fun streams playing
Whitney say that again overwatch I got
yeah but then like in last six days I
think Paul I didn't leave already
country okay um how did a lot of things
other people other people like not
multiplayer but just you know squad in
party games
mm-hm but uh I got much like I can't
wanted to do like solo [ __ ] alright
are you living in Austin oh yeah are you
in the big house of all the other dudes
or whatever yes
how is that okay do you guys do you like
go out and do stuff
or did you stream it oh [ __ ]
what is it yes what does kickball mean
to you baseball ball
you like you like roll it at each other
right yeah yeah yeah okay good I just I
don't know there's a good different
thing in Canada you guys cooking okay
cool yeah I don't know I really like the
concept of miniature but I don't like
the label it has like songs like that I
I want to do like I wasn't just and I'm
not gonna wow I'm catchin well that's
some time you never wanna lose the magic
right of haha I'm streaming there's
something special like a me to share
something like a like uh you know I
don't know like stuff games [ __ ]
Monday like you know like all these
special things you don't know where do I
just want to lose the magic oh the novel
yeah yeah like the novelty of it yeah
cuz people yeah sure yeah
have you ever done a thing where uh I
think I want to say so to do this we you
like play like random [ __ ] indie
games on Steam like you find like random
[ __ ] and you play it or whatever to see
how like Scots and [ __ ] horrible but
yeah he has like a great sort of have
like [ __ ] like 80 games stacked up
already for that I don't
okay cool yeah I thought it was a
calling date yeah I got so selfish okay
no you're fine okay tell everybody stay
safe okay wait what level you Wow oh are
you hylian sir horn oh okay all right
well I'm around 14 if you were on a
level let me know okay he's up all right
[Music]
