actually it's probably like the [ __ ]
hello your mics ready now yeah what the
[ __ ] oh yeah what's that I'll message
you what it is what what is what I'm a
okay yeah what wait you know I'm
streaming right no I'm not streaming no
I'm streaming Emerson you know yeah no
no no that's why I messaged him oh I
mean if you save up its enough you could
be the cameraman just send yourself
FedEx to depend it's good enough FedEx
it that's the cheapest bucket or I think
it's DHL international I even put um
even put insurance on myself because I
dying at a pay up yeah I think I would
be the one that takes out that insurance
policy wait on what what are you guys
talking about something you should bring
me to anything me to Japan and DHL
that's the cheapest way to get there
what I'm totally men taxes if we were
legitimately gonna do this let's do
mache I want to be clear I'm
legitimately going so those would Devin
Devin's come into so are you gonna be a
big boy is Katherine going I'm going a
little tahoe there that's where I'm
going here boy you guys can go boys I'm
gonna go hang out with a demonstrate a
let's bring these [ __ ] $1500 to these
goddamn tickets listen first off you
gotta stop searching from Omaha to
Narita okay what you need to search for
is either LAX eventually what do you
mean you want it you want land Alex
probably all right tell me how many
miles you have well we'll see what we
can do for you right now how many miles
do you have my on wet on money oh my
Dekker on my American Airlines I might
go five miles grab my legs on anything
on one chase I got over 200,000 chase
points I got probably 30 or 40 or 50,000
on Americ
Airlines and Delta it's random [ __ ]
everywhere just all over the goddamn
place I'll tell you what that aah it's
enough for a first-class one-way I don't
I'm Devin
Oh Dan why why you're not not flying
first-class Stan I'm not gonna do our
passports under my kid what what content
I can't even stream hey guys you and
another crazy the craziest airline
experience I had dude when I was flying
last holy [ __ ] okay check this out so
I'm on the plane this [ __ ] takes off
okay we are 35,000 feet in the air and I
realized that I forgot to shield and
Lord Smallville before the plane takes
off so I've got my phone out and I'm
like kind of catch like every cell phone
tower like I can barely just log in but
I can't do anything after cuz I keep
leaving the cell phone tower range and
like 20 minutes into the flight I'm
actually able to login using [ __ ] 3G
and shield on my account from there yeah
oh yeah I could have believe it dude it
was some Verizon [ __ ] man I was actually
anything in my mind was [ __ ] I
remember reading about 9/11 people
getting cell phone signals like how the
[ __ ] know that was like some special
plane [ __ ] I think like that's like the
plane phone or whatever right I don't
know people were sending like text
messages and said I thought even think
text message existed during 9/11 I
thought I heard something about this but
I don't know reputable it was just had
to use the [ __ ] numbered head touch
phones back then wait there's no way the
texting existed in 2001 [ __ ] one what
do you mean of course it did maybe like
on pagers if that but I don't could you
even send a message on pagers or could
you just call them they had phones that
could do text messages they had SMS in
2001 dumb [ __ ]
what is what was this old boys like me
and Dan would know that in 2001 I would
have been in fifth grade sixth grade
what oh maybe I was out there getting
ass no I'm saying
yikes
okay if they're if text messaging
existed this was literally like the
advent of the technology like there were
three people two phones a good text
there's no [ __ ] way I really do not
think that's the [ __ ] case that was
the 2001 was the era of those like Nokia
phones with snake on them and you could
text on those [ __ ] phones and people
text it on this phone
Stephen you could text on those phones
he's trying to disprove me already five
had a phone in 2001 that text then and
that's a Twitter chatter so who you guys
are texting what did you have to do like
like hey who's in class anyone else here
have a cell phone and like one other
[ __ ] geek in the bag like oh I
actually have the new Nokia 20 X 7 for
you this wasn't the day of analog
[ __ ] car phones this was like Nokia
phones that the indestructible ones
these are like Nokia phones with like 28
pixels on the [ __ ] screen these
phones with [ __ ] this is before thee
before even blackberries existed these
are like you hate your days you would
message your drug dealer like hey man
you got any laundry to do sit like that
no yeah I don't think that's how it went
down but they didn't use cell phones on
the wire did they and like the first
season that was 2002 it Jim well they
just didn't use them because they can be
tracked No
yeah cuz they talk about getting um yeah
I think in like season five in season
five they started using cell phones and
[ __ ] wasn't it season literally one oh
wait no they might have used pagers
beepers yeah but they was had to go like
then they swap to the payphones and I
remember that like season five was with
marleau that's when they were buying
like the burner cell phones
was it one season a year they do yeah I
guess all right no I'm not sure beepers
were pretty much rolling out around 2002
I don't think you oh my god
did you ever have the [ __ ] [ __ ]
phones well you could talk on them like
walkie-talkies do you know what I'm
talking about
my dad got one of those and he gives the
coolest dude it was like you know check
does that anybody any be like hey so say
what's up to my aunt and it's like hey
what's up and they were like - oh my god
that [ __ ] was so [ __ ] dumb oh that
was the [ __ ] meme because anyone who
also had an ex tell you didn't pay any
that's a horrible gray [ __ ] [ __ ] on
the side and push the button the yellow
goddamn nasties not good phone what is
him remember all the cell phone plans
back then it was like oh you have 200
minutes and roll over oh my dad was just
owned me he actually had to like he left
that side but that cell phone bill is
still outstanding so my dad um my dad
would let me use his or no he wouldn't
yeah I would take my dad's stuff when
sometimes to make calls to friends
because we were playing back when me
Chris and I were playing runescape we
would like three-way that's how we talk
- sure we did call each other then you'd
switch lines you call another person
you'd switch back and you'd be in a
three-way call well my dad told me that
he had three minutes past seven o'clock
so it's like okay cool
well the way that the data worked back
then data was cheap as [ __ ]
what are you talking about the way that
the data worked was he had free calling
past 7:00 p.m. or whatever right so what
I do yeah so I call like Chris or Kyle
at like 650 or whatever 655 cuz you know
we're ready to [ __ ] pk do antenna
which was seven o'clock well what the
way that the phone build it was that if
you started a call before 7:00 you were
billed for every minute it was only call
started after 7:00 so like the first
month of me doing this my dad got like a
$2,000
oh yeah that [ __ ] went on pay that line
got deactivated died damn dude yeah that
was some [ __ ] Wild West of that [ __ ]
[ __ ] who it was singular back then and
next tell who the [ __ ] else was doing
[ __ ] back that [ __ ] was a disaster
having a cellphone did you ever have a
pager no fine I should what was the the
cheap way to have a [ __ ] cell phone
how old were you in 2000 linked to
Stephen and while I was born an 88 so in
2002 I don't know whatever that is 14 of
course you can have a [ __ ] pager yeah
don't forget your lunch
this is something that's like really
interesting to me is that like I can't
imagine going through school with cell
phones now that's got to be so weird
like you've got like a literal [ __ ]
computer like I couldn't even
concentrate with a [ __ ] ti-83 dude
cuz I was playing Phoenix all the time
on that [ __ ] if I would had a goddamn
cell phone oh my god I can't just no
cell phone policies and clauses what are
you no not yet I don't know what I would
get him on or what I'm not sure what I
would do that's what I was thinking
about too like asking for an iPhone [ __ ]
that
no no no you know I keep track of him
then maybe gonna start walking home from
school they lazy [ __ ] and center
making me go pick him up all day his
location on the others it's going really
fast you get in your [ __ ] car
geez that [ __ ] dad yeah [ __ ]
that's it I figure a few more years
maybe more
thinking this shit's gonna get broken if
they have it like I got mine like at
least 16 but yeah they're getting like
the triple case [ __ ] on that [ __ ]
shake I am replacing that [ __ ]
make him work for it you've broken in
the iPads yet or whatever um a long time
ago I got him a um do you know what like
a newbie or narubu
the red the red like child's iPad you
know I'm talking about yeah it's like
not an iPad it's like yeah like custom
OS type of [ __ ] yeah [ __ ] what was
the name of this [ __ ] it's this thing I
don't remember what it's called but um I
basically I bought this [ __ ] for him and
I'll never do it again this [ __ ] of like
[ __ ] ads on the goddamn games and it
was like I piece of [ __ ] it was slow and
laggy I thought so I got him on normal I
thought after that [ __ ] that god it was
horrible
after that I resigned I'm never gonna
buy him like a four kids thing ever
again
because I think all that [ __ ] is just
literally like [ __ ] versions where they
figure doesn't matter you can resell it
later provided they don't [ __ ]
destroy it
selling reselling something that a
[ __ ] four year olds had possession of
no way dude you got to put it in us like
one of those bulletproof like otter
cases and you're mostly okay maybe so
you ready to drop those shekels on the
hotel my dude are you gonna stay are you
actually gonna stay in a pod or was that
a joke dude - all right I travel cheap
my dude okay I don't know if those are
cheap though I travel cheap art then
okay if I can save money I will I'm kind
of getting a pod dude I'm gonna love it
I'll be in a lot the whole time aren't
you think it's a pod behold I'm just as
refreshed and I slept in a goddamn pie
house - Maya dude I'm gonna crawl out of
that pod I'm gonna look back on my 20
dollar bed even you want to be pawed me
some poor asian guy who snores like
right next to you on all [ __ ] and all
axises in every direction you're gonna
be in like that movie the cube in the
center
yeah but harken is super part I can
sleep through [ __ ] any bigger the
pods is it like really claustrophobic
really small phobia dude who cares
oh dude if it's a coffin I think you're
gonna wake up you're gonna freak I don't
give a [ __ ] dude I don't freak out for
anything
I sleep on here Lauren
did okay all 24 hours yeah okay because
it's cheesy because it doesn't matter
cause you spend like 30 minutes in your
hotel awake and then the rest is sleep
because the [ __ ] cares that looks like
you can have amazing breakfast this guy
wakes up in time for the [ __ ] of bread
[ __ ] like 9 o'clock do you think I'm
waking up at 9:00 a.m. what the [ __ ] I'm
visiting Japan I'm not Japanese do you
don't have that kind of discipline the
farm on American my dude we got [ __ ] we
got [ __ ] I don't know bunny which I'm
sleep to catch what time did I finally
get up everyday like [ __ ] 1 or 2
o'clock that's a good that's a good ass
time again it was about 1:00 when you're
hanging out with like me just like all
the robots yet they have a robot bar
there it's pretty bleep sex robots yet
ok I don't know you can tell me if you
come and let me know you'll come with me
dude you're gonna be mad if you [ __ ] a
sex robot actually I'm not sure this
bucks extra I mean this is a robot this
same thing is [ __ ] like a flashlight
or something
I don't robably yeah depends how much
personality it has I suppose I could
never the problem is it like after you
finish orgasming I could never put
effort into like cleaning it up of a
fleshlight know anything like if I
finish orgasming like it's in the tissue
and I throw it away like I'm not gonna
say like ah that was a really good
[ __ ] calm oh man oh my god stairs and
shower with my [ __ ] sex robot to
clean it out let me get my [ __ ]
sponge here and like it all up it like
what the fun I don't [ __ ] do it [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] session ever I actually
try that once cuz I was curious like I
thought I'd like found like the new meta
I'd like to a condom I don't know but
then I try to once I was like now this
is [ __ ] I didn't like it
masturbating with a condom is almost as
bad as [ __ ] with one [ __ ] that
yeah if you haven't if you've always
[ __ ] with a condom always do it
because you'll never want to go back
[ __ ] that you last a lot longer I don't
have that issue
my brother warned me to do is like only
[ __ ] with condoms and I didn't do it my
first time and I'm you didn't
the worst thing there is no such thing
as a good cut this is actually like a
serious problem that's why it's okay so
it's like a better yeah they're [ __ ]
horrible they're bad for both parties
too because they dry the girl out
insanely quick too and if you ever try
Nev like those ribs shits or whatever
they just got really irritating for the
other person after a while I've tried
the icy hot one dude [ __ ] all that [ __ ]
dude you've never tried that the it's
like the it's like the cool sensations
or whatever I put that [ __ ] on it it was
like a magic flaccid dick machine my
[ __ ] in [ __ ] wilt it immediately I
felt like I just mother my should've
been gay dude like that there's no bueno
literally just felt like it I guess like
this is what chlamydia feels like I know
I'm not gonna [ __ ] you did your job I
guess
abstinence only condoms
Isaiah some mister man and how many how
many shekels do you think you could save
by when did I say July 26 no July like
if you really want me to go I could pull
out all my Bitcoin money $500 let me
liquidate all of my investments you
definitely have to liquidate everything
hurt them like I would probably have I
don't know like reasonably and still
have like my Bitcoin investment by July
I'd probably have like 700 bucks
probably reasonably that's rough I know
I won't go first class I'll go in the
back of the plane Act I don't think I
think maybe I can get you inside of a
suitcase possibly I mean I'm in mmm
don't worry the money room back there in
coachmen I can't stay in a pod Harden
are you you guys can share the pod even
more do you want to share the bag I'm
not that cheap what you wouldn't share
pod with me no what the [ __ ]
everybody I ever with always wakes up
too early I need to be alone so I could
just sleep in until I'm ready to go to
sleep they don't care that they're not
like waiting on me to do [ __ ] like
steaming you get up so we can go out and
do stuff but it's like dude it's [ __ ]
9:30 a.m.
what is wrong with you we got like three
more hours of sleep it has actually been
to like I don't know ten but after that
I like to get food and then chill I
don't know I think your 2 o'clock so we
could do an air B&B save a lot of money
sure hearten wait that's that's the the
experience to have right now an Airbnb I
think they just the ends like 90% of
them in Japan now did they really ban
them that well they I think they kicked
out like 90% like a few days ago I was
reading and that how much filling hotels
in Japan are they expensive as [ __ ] I
mean I stayed at the Westin yeah a real
good hotel I don't know if it's real
good it's not a well citizen it's like 4
or 5 star it was all the breakfast was
[ __ ] mmm at breakfast that was some
good [ __ ] tell you what you really like
Hotel good wait I would feel like I will
go to a hotel I will go to a hotel if it
has an amazing breakfast that's like a
big requirement for me and that
breakfast has to go till 11:00 cuz I do
why do you go to a hotel breakfast
[ __ ] there's nothing better than
waking up taking your shower and just
[ __ ] walking downstairs and having
this giant [ __ ] buffet of amazing
food free to sit down and wait they
usually charge you if you're in a really
nice dunno why Brides they never been
charged for a breakfast before at a
hotel ever really never in my life maybe
that's like you know high or some [ __ ]
there's when I go home we went to I
swear to Christ it no you can't eat I've
been in Cleveland we went to the Ritz
and they would make you pay oh I've
never been like in a super hotel like
that I guess and any Marriott or Hilton
of every state are they always it's
always complimentary yeah Marriott
points I got Holiday Inn Express points
[ __ ] combining
oh yeah I got to [ __ ] my car over to
tell you how much that cost Oh a pageant
I've been in the car with you driving
we're not getting a rental car there oh
I can you got a little little do you got
to loosen up no I wouldn't want to live
I'm rich but you're driving because
people I used to like super grandma
drivers and I don't drive I haven't even
that bad dude you should have seen
Jenner's was about to like throw up in
my face oh she was like freaking yeah oh
yeah well I don't know what point but I
remember in the car at [ __ ] twitchcon
I was in the back of your car with I
think I forget who the [ __ ] it was you
were all over the [ __ ] place there's
a difference between all over any place
I'm moving forward very quickly not all
those pretty well in LA and in like
[ __ ] Fast and the Furious I'm 17 and
I put a coffee can exhaust a faster
furious is when I was in it when I was
in Omaha with him I thought he was about
to flip the car on one of the corners he
didn't like on the data turns fast okay
I can't help those red eyes you got I'm
pretty sure that you lost control a
little bit like well you doing like I
don't even know what it's not true yeah
just making sure enough line up the bro
you got to get right up to that edge you
know how it goes in the backseat of this
car you're being thrown around like a
[ __ ] animal put your seatbelt on
that's what they're for my seatbelt on
and I had those two chicks in the
backseat like [ __ ] smashing me into
the window he was doing you a [ __ ]
favor dude
finally giving you some cuddle time so
yeah I don't think the rental car is the
super idea plus you're on the other side
of the road and I don't think I can do
it I think I'm a decent driver I don't
think I think there's too much muscle
memory not to be on that side of the
road
you should use your brain well but that
