and then after that we are super done
with socialism did I saw some crazy [ __ ]
in Toronto what the [ __ ] it's especially
disappointing to see his son tweet that
you think one in five of your people
being obese like that's not a problem
that's a that's a huge [ __ ] problem
dude
I don't know if you're alright with
anything or I'm alright with everything
my dude hit me up this is a this is a
real email uh wait hold on hold on wait
a minute okay firstly hold on you're
talking about that you're talking about
the bond yield curve my duderinos what's
up could you punch me in the jowl the
[ __ ] is the jowl oh I did the thing
where I was like look over there and
then I did this okay normally there's a
little meme you do this with like seven
year olds or if you're made it with
adults what you say hey what's that
thing and then they look over there and
then you put your hand right here and
then they go oh right but for some
reason since V does everything at like
times 12 speed right she was like where
I don't I mean she like [ __ ] got
she got [ __ ] laid the [ __ ] out boys
okay that's what happened
what am i doing in Dallas I'm just
flying around and having fun okay and
visiting people taking a little break I
think in coming back so what do we have
on the schedule so I'm gonna be in
London from the 5th to the 12th I get
back on the 30th so from the 30th to the
5th I think we're gonna have like I'm
gonna do like a hard like socialism week
and then after that we are super done
with socialism I think I'm getting like
I don't I just I think it's bad to talk
about it I think that it's giving me
like a bad view of the left well like
it's not even like a relevant view of
the left like it's just such an
irrelevant thing I shouldn't be wasting
my time with it nope thanks but no I
haven't but yeah I don't know it's just
I like in the beginning I said I never
really wanted to do the socialism Eames
because um because I said it was like
irrelevant like it's and it's boring and
for the most part like all of those
initial kind of assumptions that I had
seems to be pretty true don't want to
get rid of the hard lefties in your
community yeah so like what I've been
doing is like when I see somebody make a
comment and it's like pretty obvious if
they're like a socialist or communist
like in my sub and they're gonna like go
hard on those memes
I usually just insta ban them and then I
do the same on my Twitter if somebody
responds to some [ __ ] I like this is why
capitalism is the word I usually just
blog them cuz it's a waste of time so
yeah I mean I think it's just yeah it's
a waste of time do you see that Boris
Johnson got the Queen suspend Parliament
until the 28th of October I was under
the impression that Boris shows it in
the Queen kind of has to agree the Queen
doesn't really have the power to say no
if she did there'd be a huge problem now
yeah I don't I don't think that like
like technically the Queen could say no
[ __ ] you but then I think like the UK
would be like in a really really really
weird spot you guys would have like a
lot of bad [ __ ] going on maybe how does
a bad he brags it but how did you like
Toronto I'm gonna be totally honest with
you honest to god honest to god
Toronto has probably some of the worst
drivers in the world
I was actually mine [ __ ] I didn't
think anything would come close to Miami
for me I still don't understand I hear a
lot of people complain about la drivers
la drivers seem like they do their [ __ ]
like pretty by the books like some of
them are kind of rude but none of them
are like crazy in LA maybe it's because
there's so much traffic you don't have
the opportunity to be crazy but um yeah
I don't know like le drivers seem like
they do this [ __ ] they're supposed to do
and there's not like too much crazy [ __ ]
did I saw some crazy [ __ ] in Toronto
what the [ __ ] downtown for a lot of
people aggressive equals bad yeah I can
understand that if aggressive driving
makes you uncomfortable then like LA or
like New York City or is gonna make you
like super uncomfortable I guess for me
like the scary the what makes me scared
when it comes to drivers are are people
that are unpredictable so people that
are do like if somebody is like zooming
ahead or whatever and like I see he's
like edging in like I know he's gonna
[ __ ] cut it on like that's whatever I
don't think that's not that's whatever
but downtown Toronto and Miami are like
the two places we're like holy [ __ ]
these people are [ __ ] crazy like yeah
I don't know you think piranhas might
receive and commitment
Montreal they seemed fine the only
complaints I had about Montreal downtown
I don't know if you guys are aware of
this but you don't have [ __ ] lines in
your [ __ ] Street like I don't know I
don't know like sometimes it's two lanes
sometimes it's three lanes the only way
you could really tell is to look at the
other cars that are driving around in
Montreal you know in downtown Montreal
there are no [ __ ] lines in the street
anywhere I have no [ __ ] idea like I
think I'm in the right lane I have no I
don't know we'll wait till the other
cars pull up and we'll see how it sorts
itself out it's real [ __ ] weird I'm
not exaggerating it's not like the lines
are faded or anything either
like Montreal downtown Street like [ __ ]
I'm not gonna be able to nice isn't that
the same all over Canada I mean there
were a lot of lines oh yeah wait yeah
like wait like look at st. Catherine
Street wait this is like actually true
st. Catherine Street Wikipedia what is
this in Montreal yeah it is that you
don't have like lines on your street I
don't know how many [ __ ] lanes this
[ __ ] is supposed to be it's [ __ ]
weird how would you rate your time with
V V is some [ __ ] weird okay she has
lots of stuffed animals a pretty sure
couple bodies were hidden up every time
I tried to go near the closet she was
like don't don't open that and I was
like okay dude I'm pretty sure I heard
some thump Inge on the first day died
down by the second day I'm just kidding
actually V is like one of the coolest
people have ever hung out with I
actually were good that I haven't been
talking to her as much she's actually
really really really cool person did I
do drugs haha I just smoked a little bit
once I get over like my my existential
crises it's pretty chill
god damn weed is so different for me now
than it used to be holy [ __ ] okay but
anyway yeah so we're probably gonna do
like this last week of like socialism
debates and then we're done we're done
with the [ __ ] socialism [ __ ] for all
this stuff that I initially said I don't
really know like what kind of content I
would do politically because like
there's not really gonna be much arguing
with her right right now because it's
the Democratic primaries but um I feel
like I've spent like a dislike I don't I
never really wanted to get into an issue
where I was arguing like nish
politics like it feels really circle
jerky
it feels really pointless I feel like
it's like there's no impact unlike the
broader electorate like talking about
like Trump is fun talking about like
white nationalism and like alright and
like these racist things like into the
current election cycle and everything I
consider that to be super relevant to
like politics in America today
the socialism economy [ __ ] it's a
[ __ ] pipe dream I don't give a [ __ ]
about it maybe in 10 or 15 years if
these guys can actually primary some
[ __ ] candidates instead of praying
for their shots for the like the
presidential election maybe I'll take
them more seriously when they can
actually start getting people like
involved in government and not just
making these like dumb [ __ ] shots for
president and not even really because
Bernie's not even a [ __ ] socialist
maybe I'll start caring more but yeah
the socialism and communism [ __ ] then
why challenge people on Twitter
specifically to debate socialism well it
can't basically so if you're not
familiar with the cycle here's how the
cycle usually goes I usually debate
somebody in some political movement and
then they get trashed and then you think
what happens is is all of they're like
all of their fans and all of their
thanks I missed you buddy
I'm not sure the alt-right is relevant
either the alt-right is incredibly more
relevant than than any communism
socialism [ __ ] look at how far Steve
Bannon got with his presence in the
White House look at how prolific my la
gianopolous wit is or even somebody like
Gavin McInnes
wears like a TV show thing I think maybe
not Gavin as much or like look at
somebody like Lorne southern these
people are way more influential than
[ __ ] non-compete or some random
[ __ ] socialist larper on the internet
will ever be like people on the right
don't like socialism people on the left
generally don't even like [ __ ]
socialism like but um yeah but Betty
basically anyway yeah I'll probably do
like this last week of like [ __ ]
around with [ __ ] with the socialism [ __ ]
and then I'm done with that I want to go
back to like more relevant stuff that
actually matters
can you try getting wolf on for the end
of the commie arc since he's an actual
economist I mean actual economists I
don't know I don't really know if I give
a [ __ ] like he can do his little niche
like the Marxism larping bullshitting
and I don't really give a [ __ ] oh I'm
sorry I was describing people what
stands together the socials nothing not
a socialist at all I'm very
bacon capitalism okay we don't do that
whatever nationalizing [ __ ] [ __ ] that
another drop out of the primary kirsten
gillibrand wh omegle all o usually what
happens is i debate somebody they end up
getting they feel bad about their debate
performance and then everybody and
that's like sphere of the internet
starts making like response videos to me
and then everybody starts trying to
tweet me that's what I've been doing the
socialism means so much I think it
started with the Sun when we met our
responsibility to my son and then yeah
and then I don't know I'm yeah I'm done
with all this [ __ ] it's [ __ ] boring
as [ __ ] and it's so [ __ ] irrelevant I
can't talk to anybody about this [ __ ]
[ __ ] dude I have like a friend well the
girl that I see actually on Fridays or
whatever the law student girl she's like
she's really smart
she's super big until politics and
everything big Bernie supporter and
everything and like even when I asked
her like hey just curious do you know
what a tanki is she's like what's that
like something that drives a tank that's
like dude these movements are so [ __ ]
these are like the fringes of the
fringes to their fringe movements so I'm
done done [ __ ] spending [ __ ] time
on this [ __ ]
it's so stupid holy [ __ ] I'd rather go
back to talking about policies way more
[ __ ] interesting that Fox time loser
making excuses before I would lose to us
in debate while also saying he would
never debate destiny was 22nd ian's
whatever dude I'm [ __ ] used to know
whatever dude I don't care just get me
out of this dumbass section of the
internet oh yeah did you see that even
contra points was getting [ __ ] on oh I
wanted to talk about this [ __ ] this
tweet trigger the [ __ ] out of me I'm so
glad I've been on like both sides of
this so I kind of see like the [ __ ]
on both sides the only way that this
video is surprising too is if you
haven't paid attention to [ __ ]
anything and it's like it's actually
doubly disappointing because I remember
that I talked to his son specifically
about the scepters first to pay it
you believe that anyone who supports
Donald Trump is a white supremacist and
must be what strive to do but they're
telling you that for political reasons
this is election season obviously and
they want more political power but there
are other reasons too that they're
saying this ever wonder why which people
seem the most hysterical on the subject
never notice that it's the highest-paid
people on television who are the most
determined to convince you that white
supremacy is America's biggest problem
why is that simple
every minute you're angry about race is
a minute you're not thinking about class
which of course is the real divide in
this country working-class people of all
colors have a lot more in common
infinitely more in common with each
other than they do with some overpaid
MSNBC anchor but if you're allowed to
think about that for long enough you
might start to get unauthorized ideas
about economics and that would be
disruptive to a very lucrative status
quo so they whip you into a frenzy of
racial fear so that it never enters your
mind so this actually irritates me so
much that husana retweeted this and he
said I love that the racial propaganda
is making a valid point about class so
here's the reality okay white people
don't want to talk about race okay it's
inconvenient it's we can't relate to it
like what does it really mean to be a
black person like what does it really
mean to be a woman like white people
especially white men don't really give a
[ __ ] about this [ __ ] it's to be honest
most white people on the extreme left
and the extreme white right would really
prefer if all non-white people and all
women would just quietly shut the [ __ ]
up and get in line behind their
particular with lines of viewing the
world right like this is like the number
one [ __ ] trigger that I've seen is
this this class reduction is [ __ ]
that everybody seems to be engaging in I
remember when I became woke in high
school to libertarianism did anybody
remember when you when you when you
turned 16 and and you figure it out like
oh wait a second
racism isn't real it's just rich people
and poor people oh [ __ ] dude oh my god
[ __ ] women aren't actually oppressed
it's just cuz they don't have as much
money as [ __ ] men like that's it dude
I [ __ ] understand all sight it's all
class dude we need to equalize like the
[ __ ] money and [ __ ] it's all class
man right like this is what you this is
what you discover when you start getting
into politics when you're a teenager and
then you get a little bit older you open
your eyes a little bit okay become a
little bit intersectional and you're
like oh [ __ ]
I guess even independent of class there
are other things in society that can
impact a person maybe racism actually
does exist outside of capitalism and
outside of poor people versus rich
people maybe it is a little bit more
complicated than that and like like the
amount of people that are blowing up my
mentions and I and to be fair I want to
be like really clear I don't think this
is the majority of liberals right I mean
that like Democrats in the u.s. it's
just this like very fringe movement of
people online the same people that are
now saying that like contra points is
out of touch and they don't want to
listen to her anymore there's like a 450
comment thread on bread tube about how
horrible contra points is now the this
idea that like basically people have
like this lens through which they view
the world and they want to reduce
everything to that lens right which
anything is probably like that's like
the goal of dialectical materialism
writers you want to be able to analyze
all of history through class but like
man is it [ __ ] sad when like it's
especially disappointing to see his son
tweet that because I remember talking to
his son after his debate or he got
crushed by Charlie Kirk and he was like
oh like I didn't really understand here
when Charlie was was against
corporations like I am like yeah that's
the new right dude like you're not gonna
find anybody in a populist mindset
that's gonna defend large corporations
like we've known about this for like a
couple years now like Trump has been
even like anti large corporation at
least in terms of his like speech right
at least in terms of his rhetoric like
people on the right don't like 100%
agree that this idea that like
businesses need infinite money right
that's more of like an old like I guess
you'd say like a neoconservative like
like establishment Republican point of
view but like the newer Republicans
don't really push that as much and to
see people like totally just lose that
like this is another thing that I saw
like a lot of people like point out
there's like really weird like fascists
aren't necessarily capital
right like fascists will embrace
whatever economic system gets their [ __ ]
done you know like a lot of people don't
know this as well remember that one guy
who went [ __ ] what was his name the guy
that went in debated Crowder and can
kind of crushed him that college student
he's got a weird name doesn't mean
remember I'm talking about Joseph Joseph
Joseph Joseph that guy was like a white
nationalist communist like these people
aren't like the people that think that
like capitalism is where is where is
where racism comes from or that fascists
are like aligned with capitalism it's
just not sure wait really yes really I'm
pretty sure did Yousef go on was it
Fuentes later on to talk about it I
remember we watched him but yeah people
like literally think yeah was Fuentes
yeah people literally think that like
capitalism race you can be like totally
racist under yeah people are tweeting
about how like capitalism created racism
and then people saying well no but at
least it can reinforce it well like dude
your economic like your economic system
can reinforce literally anything that
your society believes every single like
economic system can do that like a
socialism you got a bunch of [ __ ]
racists in your system it's probably
gonna be pretty [ __ ] [ __ ] for a lot
of the people living under it in
communism probably be the same thing and
capitalism it'd probably be the same
thing and a monarchy it'd probably be
the same thing if you have a case system
if you're doing apartheid right like you
can do all of these things with or
without capitalism with or without
socialism cased is a caster cased it's
ket its cased right did I say cast cased
but yeah [ __ ] me dude I need to but but
like I think most people I think most
people know this so I just like yeah I
need to get out of wait is it cast cased
cast I don't know I don't know whatever
it is do I support single parent not
really I prefer multi pair but I mean
single payer is better than one we have
known at one point you said that you
believed you were okay with increasing
America's social welfare programs of
initially move
socialism in the distant future do you
still stand by their serviettes yeah
sure I still stand by that any
incremental move towards any system with
policies that incrementally build on
each other I'm always okay with but
notice how none of the Socialists I've
talked to none of them really want to
talk policy they just want to talk
pie-in-the-sky global socialist
revolution [ __ ] right and then they
want to pretend that they've got some
massive workers movement on the ground
when they can't even barely get Bernie
off the [ __ ] ground right like these
people are pretending like there's this
huge worker uprising around the corner
and they're totally [ __ ] delusional
they totally cut off from everybody
that's not like tweeting like 15 times a
day about their favorite like you know
chapo poster whatever it or [ __ ]
whatever
what about slowly transition of fascism
I hate [ __ ] nationalism so I'm
probably aren't there a problem I gonna
be any policies they get me close to
being a fascist because I'm rapidly
anti-nationalist apparently being second
or third in the polls is delusional I
don't think Bernie is second in any
reputable poll I could be wrong on that
I'm pretty sure he's a clear third am I
wrong on it I can check
oh no no no nevermind the recent
aggregates do have him up Warren is
catching up though and Warren Warren
will crush him
Bernie had a whole election cycle to
campaign and he and he's and he still
can't even pull twenty points these days
he came in stronger in the election but
I think Warren will overtake Bernie and
I think the two frontrunners gonna be
Biden and Warren but we'll see
Calma Calma Harris dropped off
completely I don't think people care
about her anymore only she was like
another Big Sean did you see the people
calling you an economic nationalist on
Twitter yeah I mean like it's just the
nature of like online politics that
people just look for clip culture they
try to take one or two things out
because they're too lazy or dishonest to
engage with anything I say do you not
agree to some extent that capital owners
have too much control over policy and
counteract lots of social progress do
you not agree to some extent of
socialist owners or like Vanguard
parties like in the USSR could have too
much control over policy and counter-ied
losses I mean any that my point is that
any economic system or any government
could do this right
what's an economic national I don't know
it sounds like some protection was
Christ my man didn't destiny say Harris
to be a front-runner one month ago did I
ever say that okay every said that I
thought she massively exploded after her
first debate but then she fell off like
pretty hard and she didn't make any
ground up in the second debate he said
if she kept the current trend at the
time she had a chance
oh yeah sure she kept the trend out but
she didn't she fell
hard core she exploded like crazy after
that first debate but then nothing's
happened since then for her much worse
do you think all this [ __ ] is gonna get
is to get close to the election LARPers
get more more desperate um
I mean like you'll see I mean like we'll
go through all the stages of depression
before right world will start to see are
the stages of grief where the Bernie
math will come back out basically right
I would like to talk to you about your
history takes at some point they're
inaccurate such problematic can I mess
you're in Twitter at disk right I mean
you know I send me an email if it's USSR
apology I'm probably just gonna insta
delete it but good luck the thing is
trying to over represent 45 to 65 in
polling data if that demographic is more
likely to vote well I think I teach it
with polling did it tries to do is to
figure out how people will vote right so
yeah of course you'd overlook this
online space have been taken over by
tanki's it's only vash and destiny
person maybe I don't know I'm not like
too familiar with like a lot of online
lefty spaces but the ones that I am
aware of are they have like extreme like
[ __ ] the Hongkongers and like [ __ ]
link lol isn't our hammer and sickle and
red flag and our Soviet text isn't this
cute like like destiny hey bro I think
Michael was right on the buy backs
debate you took an academic approach to
economics whereas Michael took an
attorney real world people are [ __ ]
crooks and use buybacks for personal
gains to the detriment of their company
and the Board of Directors are complicit
in this behavior that's my buybacks need
to be I'm gonna go with the massive
meta-analysis that looked at like no it
wasn't a meta-analysis it was a broad
study that looked at like was it twenty
or thirty thousand buybacks over 32
different countries I'm gonna go with
that study over any real-world juris
doctorate approach or whatever the [ __ ]
he said he had I want to go with that
I'm gonna go with the research on that
one are in Hong Kong ours protesting for
democracy don't lefties want that
lefties don't give a [ __ ] about
liberalism or democracy when they talk
about democracy they're talking about
like something different than like a
democratic republic or whatever the the
the memes that I've seen like on the
communism subreddit and on a sound
subreddit are the people on the left
like the lefties don't like the Hong
Kong Aires because they think the
Hongkongers are like covert imperialists
that are threatening China's autonomy
right like that's the people's problem
where are minorities usually involved in
online socialist communities because
socials just want to talk about class
and anytime you bring up race to a bunch
of white people they don't really
the [ __ ] they'll tell you to shut the
[ __ ] up and get in the back of the line
and they just want to talk about class
that's it how would you define democracy
I mean it's generally we vote on [ __ ]
what do you mean right I've missed
different types of democracies we have a
we have a representative democracy where
we have we vote for people and then
those people vote on legislation for us
so China is good solely because they're
going against the capitalist evil of the
USA in their eyes yeah like look at the
amount of like the USSR [ __ ] was so
funny when uh when people like oh yeah
you think the USSR is if as bad as Nazis
even though the USSR fought Nazis like
well technically they made like a little
they made a little non-aggression pact
to be buddy-buddy okay until Hitler back
stuff song well that's okay hold on this
is no it's more complicated that now the
USSR did it because they needed to in
order to secure the freedom of their
nation okay well I mean like they were
talks of like them joining like the axis
of [ __ ] like they were gonna do an
alliance okay but that wait wait wait
wait okay hold on hold on foreign
policies really nuanced okay foreign
policies really nuance like yeah maybe
the USSR was gonna align itself with
Nazi Germany and maybe Stalin did have
plans maybe okay to kill a bunch of Jews
and maybe okay even Lenin you know
[ __ ] killed a lot of fun but but think
it's more complicated at all so the u.s.
is jeanna siding people in 27 countries
around the world because they're evil
like okay do you believe in horseshoe
theory no I was gonna make a post my
reddit I think we were going to I think
we're gonna ban that meme [ __ ] hold on
the horseshoe theory is not real guys I
only said isn't mean but I think some of
you guys are starting to believe it
have you discussed her debated the
incomes is nice when private and
personal property between a state and a
government do these distinctions under
scrutiny there's a huge difference
between private and personal property I
don't know what the difference is
between a state and a government with a
jurisdiction
[Music]
not too sure about that one boys my in
Canada no I'm in Texas right I'll be
back home in two days he fell out any of
that ice drama no shits boring as [ __ ]
to me I think Isis anti-fans is some of
the worst on the internet that [ __ ] has
cancer it's just [ __ ] to me I wouldn't
take anything they'd say seriously I
don't know that's people are [ __ ]
crazy give a sense of the
palestine-israel situation um not really
right now as Yoshi probably stopped
killing too many civilians since my
stems cut red pill hates destiny cut red
yeah more like coach cringe fell due
back dude when he came on and tried to
psychoanalyze me for like ten minutes
and then like ran away holy [ __ ] that
was so [ __ ] cringe my take on
childhood obesity obesity is I've said
many times obesity is a worldwide
problem but for some reason people just
think it's an American problem and they
try to show that like it's worse in
America than it is around the world
which is usually true but it's a huge
problem around the world I don't know
it's great I'm going to talk about
usually just Europeans getting asked
pain that their country is about as
[ __ ] fat as any other one destiny said
it was an American but a first bro plane
would you just [ __ ] wait what
literally no one said obesity isn't a
problem in the u.s. wait what
destiny said it wasn't an American thing
but a first-world thing which is just
[ __ ] oh so this jános guy is one of
those people it is kind of unique to the
u.s. yeah yeah this ya know study think
I a lot of people think this a lot of
people think that like obese people are
only a big problem in the u.s. it's
literally a huge problem in every single
Western country like it's insane but
yeah I don't know yeah but I don't care
I don't even care to debate it usually
it's just like ego battles like European
people want to think that they have like
some like yeah so like what you're
saying like 36 percent first 20 percent
you think one in five of your people
being obese like that's not a problem
that's a that's a huge [ __ ] problem
dude like what the [ __ ] is wrong with
you like I don't know holy [ __ ] it's
still double yeah I don't understand I'm
super don't understand wait like I
really want you to explain to me like
what's wrong like inside of your head so
when I say like well I I think I know
what's wrong and you just won't admit it
so when I say hey like obesity is a huge
problem in the entire western world you
go well in America it's worse than over
here
thank you yeah it's still a huge problem
I sort yeah but you have to admit
America's as double right yeah but it's
still a huge problem in the rest of up
yeah but are you saying there's no
difference between American you know I
never said that
like your pizza take his ass white
pizzas a second best pizza if you make
pizza with barbecue or [ __ ] um what
is it presto or whatever
no alfredo what am i why am I saying
presto is that like a brand of like
[ __ ] is it is the white sauce the
alfredo sauce Oh pesto what's the name
of the white sauce of alfredo that [ __ ]
as gross as [ __ ] [ __ ] that [ __ ] that in
barbecue it's not right what does this
pickle pizza [ __ ] should pineapple be on
pizza I don't like pineapple and almost
anything because if the flavor is like
overwhelming it overpowers everything
you put it in but I mean it's okay
I mean oli pineapple on anything I just
don't prefer it I think it's too strong
a flavor
man I like I like pac-man all right dude
I really don't like I don't like I don't
like it when I have a lot of people on
my side and then we're all bowling
somebody it feels really bad like Circle
Jerks already feel kind of whatever
that's one of the big apparently a lot
of people think I'm trying to [ __ ]
Kourtney or whatever although I don't
think I don't know if I'll ever see that
girl in real life having like ten people
on a show like sitting there just
[ __ ] on one person they clearly like
it can't it like isn't like ready to
deal with it I don't know dude I really
really don't like that hmm destiny and
liberal mind prison destiny reacts
that's like going outside
god damn you know what the worst thing
about not being a [ __ ] commie is
there are so many well that's where all
the white women are dude every other
[ __ ] every time like someone responds
with some dumbass [ __ ] I knew it just
reading this comment yeah destiny we
should get the basic necessities of life
for free food water electricity housing
healthcare at this point it would be
possible to provide every man woman and
child on earth with all the basic
necessities free of charge the only
thing stopping us is profit selfishness
and greed [ __ ] w boys
this is one of you guys didn't talk
about his important someone to vote for
someone you don't like like WestEd um
I mean yeah you should probably vote for
people even if you don't necessarily
like them to avoid the work like people
always say like uh known about between
the lesser of two evils why it's the
lesser of two evils Wow quitter you mean
what hits you literally tautological
it's the lesser of two evils and it's
obviously preferable to the greater of
two evils so yeah I don't know because
if you vote for no one you were causing
no evil well not I mean I guess it
depends on your I guess depends on what
a normative framework we're looking at
if somebody wins by 100 votes and 150
people abstained from voting but they
would have voted for the other person
you kind of throw your hat into the ring
with the greater of the two evils there
right what an upstanding for a vote for
political just wouldn't have standing be
a vote for political disenfranchisement
I a push to change the system do you
think not voting changes the system okay
I've seen this movie oh [ __ ]
I've seen this will be two times so far
okay good boys is a good ass movie I
don't know how that I don't know how
that movie has like 70 or 60% ratings or
whatever the [ __ ] good boys is pretty
[ __ ] funny when are we going to do
the Destiny learns history ministers I
just learn as I go along I'm never gonna
have like let's spend the next seven
years like you realize like how [ __ ]
stupid you say you sound would you say
like learn history like learn what
history like what time period what
aspect of history what civilization like
it doesn't make any sense it sounds like
something that somebody would say who's
never read history before like what
which I you know ironically like 99% of
the [ __ ] I'm gonna tell me to read
it probably haven't but just learn
things that happened are you familiar
with nonlinear dynamics no I did a lot
of linear dynamics but I haven't done
any nonlinear dynamics yet I did work on
nonlinear statics is that statistics or
type of math I have no [ __ ] idea I
just made all of that up like him you
guys want to know when you've made it
has a rich person I'm gonna tell you I'm
gonna tell you what life is like
somebody that's [ __ ] loaded okay are
you ready this is how I live my life
okay
I go downstairs in hotels where the
candy bars are five dollars a pop and I
just buy them without even a second
thought that's what it's like to be
[ __ ] loaded okay that's what it's
anti charges the room because I don't
give a [ __ ] okay don't worry I'm your
next button no but Amanda Florida soon
I'm gonna stay with Emmy and her [ __ ]
mom oh I'm not gonna have time for your
denims I'm sorry I'm gonna be knee deep
and Emma's mom the whole [ __ ] time
just [ __ ] her non-stop 24/7 glass I
am in leave you're gross actually shut
the [ __ ] did you make sense
I think she's growing on me man that's
that was good I wasn't done that was
really good I'm actually gonna DM her
saying I loved it
hello unworthy wait what's up pretty
good it's going I'm going great my dude
what's up I just heard you call me an
easy target oh no I was talking about
some other guy I mean you might be I
don't know but I'm talking about another
guy don't worry are you you are you a
conservative guy oh I like the thing
perfectly you know moderate or centrist
face I try and wait real quick is there
a way that you can make your microphone
not make you sound like the guy from
short-circuit oh okay you're better now
[ __ ] go for hit up up oh yeah okay
sounds good I just had a question about
I'm sorry I haven't watched like the
streams or the highlights like very
recently the last time I remember
watching like one of your bull debates
was when you were talking about violence
against conservatives being justified
and I I don't have any problem with that
but you can certainly against
conservatives is justified it's just
when you say influencers are like
responsible for like actions that their
viewers cake because of their statements
I just wonder how you can like hold both
of those ideas at the same time you know
I'm saying yeah so I mean I don't think
anybody should ever be violent towards
anybody in society I don't think it
achieves good political ends right now I
think that generally those conversations
payout is just like political violence
could easily be justified against
certain groups of people so I think
those groups of people should be like a
little bit more conscientious of how
they act so for instance if you're like
going to haul somebody out of their home
because you're like a nice agent you're
gonna like deport them to another
country I mean like these people I mean
and most most people would say that
they're probably just divided using
violence against you no I'm not
advocating for I don't think people
should do it I just think of something
that people should be aware of I try to
be clear when I separate these two out
although I get clipped out a lot and
sometimes I'm not as clear but I don't
ever advocate I saw like clips okay oh
yeah there's always go down this road
and everything and I was like I was just
thinking about it because you know you
can just say that and then your entire
audience could take it in a different
way and they could they could
misconstrue it uh-huh I don't know that
was like the general thing I wasn't
expecting long conversation about it but
I do have some other things I was about
sure go for it all right so this is a
little bit of a touchy subject I don't
know if you're alright with anything or
if I'm alright with everything my dude
hit me up everything okay so you're
atheistic and you're deterministic is
that correct is that like a good idea of
what your your beliefs are yeah okay
okay so there's not really a meaning to
life from your viewpoint right correct
oh and you have no objective morality
right uh-huh okay so why do you have
kids
wall is my question I mean for me partly
I was a baby like but I mean out of that
yes anybody I mean you can have kids
because they make you happy because they
give you fulfillment because I make your
parents happy I mean there's like a
million different reasons why people
have children
why yeah but like what shouldn't people
bear some guilt because of that if they
believe that there's no real point for
meaning to life right just because
something is meaningless doesn't
necessarily mean it can't be enjoyed
like I don't think there's a lot of
meaning to like mobile games but I
enjoyed clicking the button sometimes
but like I just find it kind of like I
guess in my words I usually think it's
like cruel to give a a conscious life
out there knowing that it will
inevitably lead to it's its own crisis
of I mean not everybody I think an
existential crisis is a pretty rare
thing I don't think most people go
through that okay all right yeah I guess
that makes sense yeah I mean if that
that's the way that you do you think
that's fine and then I guess I have one
other thing speaking of death and
meaning after death or life after death
or anything like that have you ever
heard of the concept of ego death yeah
yeah why do you have any like specific
of opinions about that or like are you
just like there's no afterlife so why
should we worry about that what does the
ego doesn't have to do that afterlife oh
oh and I guess I can I can talk to you
about it
so what I think about is once I die and
I go into an afterlife like any and all
of them are like extremely holy places
or all places like higher higher
morality and like they're only the
purest of the pure the goodest of the
good right you know so let's say it just
take like the Christian faith and I say
I believe in Jesus and I'm going to
heaven all the bad [ __ ] that makes me me
is not gonna go with me I don't think I
mean like if you really start to think
about that if you think about that line
right all the the lust all the breed all
the things that really make you human
aren't gonna go with you so what's gonna
go up there you know what are we
striving towards or what are these
religious people striving towards when
they want to go to a heaven if it's not
really gonna be that you know okay I
have no idea what that had to do I go
death but um I mean I don't know I
imagine they probably think it's like
the best versions of themselves going to
heaven but that's not you anymore is it
like like if you think about it it's not
you it like all the best parts of me
that's not who I am so you might have
like a definition of you but like a
religious person would say that the
purest and best form of you is a form
without sin or without the impurities of
mankind right like that that you yeah
would be you it would just be you a -
like all the lying or thieving or
jealousy or whatever I I just don't I
don't see that because because without
all the lying and sin and jealousy you
have no courage or
or bravery or discipline or anything
that is inherently good I mean I would
disagree but you'll have to take that
one up with Jesus dude I mean yeah I
know I know it's just some things I've
been thinking through and thinking about
okay because you know it interests me I
don't know I don't anything else like
you want to talk about at all I don't
know yeah I just kind of had those those
those three main things okay all right
well thanks for the conversation buddy
hey no problem all right have a good
scream I guess yeah all right thanks bye
super [ __ ] situation with my car right
now
hello destiny this shit's really been
bothering me keep me up at night but
basically I wasn't as a drive that would
talk about and they said it was close to
where my converse and the road was like
a u-turn or oval-shaped road and I'm
reversing with my steering wheel turned
all the way my right tire hits the curb
and hops on the curb then hops down
probably than 1 to 1.5 seconds I was
only going maybe 5 to 10 miles per hour
doing it and I don't know if I [ __ ] up
my car or not I don't know I might be
[ __ ] dude it's a 110,000 car Lexus LLC
500 it's a GT card so its I'd assume
it's built to handle handle pressure and
drifting and all that but I was looking
at videos online and so many sources
were saying even low creep speakin [ __ ]
up your car I was inspecting the fried
tire
I saw zero visible scratches on the
tyrosine claiming that it was all hover
running my finger crest underneath the
front side of the grill was rough and
scratched up in the underneath so it
definitely scratched against the curb
there is no way that hopping on top of a
curb can [ __ ] up a sports car can it
like this has to be a common occurrence
at the least I'd assume my dumbass mom
hits the curb like every other week I'm
pretty sure but she has an SUV reason
I'm asking you is because you seem like
you know a lot about cars and in general
you just tend to know everything so I
figured I'd give it a shot this is a
this is a real email uh wait how do we
feel know where my canadian bros out
anyone here have ever been to Toronto
yeah
the food was so bland we I only went to
three different restaurants but man I
was not that impressed went to a ramen
place I went to an Indian place and I
went to one other place and I'm not
gonna lie it was pretty mad so the best
Korean barbecue one of the best I've
ever been to is it a place in Toronto
there's a place that like knows all the
eSports crews now that cuz they all go
to the same one mm-hmm and they like
kind of rolled out the red carpet really
good treatment really great food so as
far as Korean barbecue goes there's an
awesome place in Toronto as far as
everything else I think I just ate like
Generic fast food and poutine damn dude
I got Mexican food in Canada and it was
worse than my trip over food from today
from like a good restaurant it was crazy
I don't know if you want to get a good
food in Canada I can Montreal is the
place to go I think was the food bad
what at Carrabba's yeah he went to
Carabas yeah but this is like a standard
like chain or whatever I mean it was
okay but I never went there before like
the last time I went was there was the
first time like two weeks ago
oh we also went to a pasta place in
downtown Toronto wasn't really that
great either all of the food was super
blend but I don't know I just have like
mine try chicken-fried steak yeah guys
Chris Hansen is not like a reputable
person anymore that dude is crazy holy
[ __ ] yeah that dude like his loss like
all of his money and I was like
desperately hunting free stuff to like
keep him like a flow at like I think
that guy's like pedophiles made some
questionable life decisions you have
shows on like network TV and you somehow
end up like broke his folks something
like very wrong happen to you life way
but don't most of the people who end up
like getting a lot of money from like um
television end up just like losing it
all because they just don't matter maybe
like athletes and [ __ ] but I mean like
really a business person you're doing
shows a
apparently try to scam some dude I'd
have a whole watch you [ __ ] in a hotel
room style what Oh Jay Simpson song I
don't know even when he [ __ ] murdered
that woman that's a lot different oh you
don't know about what happened and like
that got him into prison yeah didn't he
try to break into someplace and steal
his own men failure assumption yeah like
some guy was selling his merged and Oh
Jay found out about it went up there and
so they could put him in jail is he
still in jail
is he still in jail no Twitter now dude
yeah I saw that
just a little while ago too didn't he
yeah last year there's a Twitter now the
president no what I mean is he's like
isn't he still in jail like Twitter yeah
cuz he was making fun of the like drafts
was it NFL terrified those applications
when are you guys excited for president
coughs plan to nuke the Hurricanes why
do we think of that oh my God he's so
smart man
yeah that's why you make the [ __ ]
hurricane and I can't [ __ ] hurricane
anymore do you think he really like um
fix the recession after oh my god know
what the economy was already making
massive gains since 2013 Trump didn't do
[ __ ] all he just wrote off of Obama's
recovery Trump might actually
what is their repression or recession
recession Obama yeah but I'd like do for
a [ __ ] correction or anyway probably
I got a little work I mean is anyone
seen anything on like the to yield I
don't follow
that [ __ ] I don't believe in those means
people have mentioned them and I don't
believe in them uh of course the
oppression recession oppression explain
that please um it's like something that
people generally like look at or like
talking about the bond yield curve or
whatever you don't need to know but like
basically generally when those tend to
have like a little dip we kind of fall
into a recession but we've been in that
dip for like a long enough time that
people are like wait a minute are we in
a recession we're in like a small what
wait no wait what hold on no I don't
think we can know when we're in a
recession you can't tell if you're in
recession till after the fact right I
don't think that's true I mean I could
be wrong on this but I'm pretty sure
like the dollars the flu
wait hold on hold on wait a minute okay
personally hold on you're talking about
the you're talking about the bond yield
curve right there I don't think there's
a stock yield curve I'm at the to yield
curve that's called something else
I don't your blob is what does that mean
my mom is in a recession
wait stock dividend yield I thought the
yield curve had to do with um how bond
investors like assess risk in the market
or whatever
from Google and looks like you're at the
30 your Treasury yield yeah yeah yeah
Treasury yield which which are bonds
right sorry what wait what
you're correct destiny oh thanks guys
also you don't know if you're in a
recession until like a few years in
right like you can't know like at the
start of a recession because you need
more like we're we in a recession
I haven't some forecasters already said
this for like a couple of years now that
forecasters are constantly forecasting a
recession the fact of the matter is is
that it's almost impossible to tell
whenever such shows coming if somebody
legitimately could tell when a recession
was coming they would be a billionaire
or trillionaire like you would just run
to like that think of it this way if you
knew a recession was coming you just
short the [ __ ] out of every [ __ ]
security and you even take out a loan to
do it and you would make billions and
billions of bones dog nobody like 100%
knows like when that when the economy is
going to start like receding Goodwin
licking a recession is two straight
quarters of negative GDP growth okay
have we had negative GDP growth
oh no not negative GDP girl if you knew
the recession is coming what things
would you short I don't know I imagine I
probably look up whatever is hit worst
in a recession and then I would short
those things whatever is the most what
overvalued I don't know
plus you can just you don't necessarily
have to short a specific corporation
yeah I don't know if you can like take
derivatives against like mutual funds or
whatever I'm not sure no no no no you
can do a general shorting of the market
and you can have someone compiled of
just a portfolio for you and year that's
a pretty safe bet
all right how can you do that they would
just short a bunch of like a very sector
exam and then you're probably fine okay
it's similar to like how you get like a
portfolio right now just for socks
accept it for shorts I couldn't shirt
stock once and I can't remember exactly
how it worked but basically I didn't
have enough funds to to do this for it
yeah am i communicating that right yeah
yeah don't they like require you to like
give in like a bit more of a deposit
okay it's a trade on margin you gotta
borrow as much as possible if you're
doing derivative trades like derivative
is already like leveraging kind of so
you should just leverage your leverages
and just go hard okay that's the key and
lie about your credentials when you're
trying to get margin trading approved
for your counter whatever to assess
that's some reckless is [ __ ] advice
listen dog do you want to turn $1,000
into $1,100 per you undeterred $1,000
into [ __ ] $500,000 dog come on the
[ __ ] are you talking about the question
Jordan Belfort's you you want to make
more money your last money do you want
to make you want to make more money or
you want to make a [ __ ] s10 of money
or lose it on my ass yeah then you just
you know that chick make the right picks
and just go hard as hard as you possibly
can yeah I want to make that chick to
ask for the money
okay listen I love you guys I'm probably
gonna play what game anyway I'm gonna go
to sleep and obviously my laptop can't
handle this so wouldn't be solved one if
you imprison all the people that owned
the homes right they're probably gonna
lamps up those payments and then those
homes will get defaulted on and who the
[ __ ] knows it will have
