crazy said what's up buddy hey how's it
going pretty good how you doing Rick
pretty good pretty good
okay so before I get into the topics I
know you have your usual switch I don't
know if you're in the mood to talk to
him
are you you're not in the mood to talk
about incest veganism or portals I mean
I'd like yeah and not abortion okay no I
got other topics okay so the one which I
want to talk about is the importance of
groupthink and because I know you said a
lot that no groupthink is cancerous I
think you've said culture is cancerous
and obviously I mean obviously to some
extent that like culture has this
problems groupthink has its problems but
I just wanted to see do you think that
it has no value or do you think that
it's completely I wish we could
transcend it I mean it has an obvious
value to it there's a massive value to
that type of stuff I think I just wish
we didn't we didn't need it do you think
it has any value to you personally or do
you think that you couldn't benefit at
all from I think much less value to me
than it does to other people but it
would be obviously extremely stupid of
me to say that I'm completely free of
like the culture around me or whatever
or the influence of it well well not
necessarily that but I guess what I mean
is for example like do you have things
where you think where you would do one
thing but then you know that the
cultural norm and you know that the
group like 80 to 90% of people would do
this thing and because the group thinks
that then you go with the group instead
of we almost never very ver I can't
think of a thing that I would do that
with so I guess a lot of what I think
that especially only our formative years
for example like there are a lot of
mistakes like I I've made a lot of
mistakes and I'm I'm sure you have too
and I do think that you learn a lot from
making mistakes and there's a lot of
value about making your own mistakes and
trying to figure out things out for
yourself without the group and then
learning from that as opposed to just
following the group you don't only learn
as much there's definitely value in that
but there are also I think a lot of big
mistakes that you can make which there
are long-term consequences which are
like could be devastating where
especially for a younger person and even
like all right I mean we're relatively
young like for example like drug this is
something where the groupthink is to say
okay don't do it and someone who's more
individual individualistic might look
into that and then they might make a
mistake there and then they might do
some horrible damage themselves and you
might even with your whole thing you
might do a lot of damage to yourself
things like unprotected sex for example
this is something like in your case it's
worked out okay for you where like you
were able to financially support your
kid and all that but like in your
younger years for example when you had a
kid from unprotected sex if you had gone
with like the group think of no just
don't do that that's never like a good
idea to do yeah so the difference is
that like I would hope that we could
arrive at some of these conclusions like
reasonably like be given the tools to
arrive at some of these conclusions
reasonably rather than require like
cultural pressures to group thank you
there because unlike if you're relying
on like the group to kind of push people
in that direction then you can have push
them in bad directions as well and they
wouldn't have the tools to like
self-audit to avoid like negative
groupthink right it's my problem for
sure but I think a lot of because as an
individual like we are prone to our own
biases I like the group can be wrong and
the individual can be wrong for sure and
I do think for certain things I think
there is a value at least for society
and I think as an individual to be able
to say it like for example with
something xx is a good example of
something where it is a place where an
individual is very capable of making
irrational decisions for a short term
gain as opposed to the long term but I
mean that's pretty much the example
where someone can say in that moment
this is the thing to do and they just
say as an individual they can
rationalize for themselves but if they
have enough of groupthink mentality to
say okay you know what the group says
this is a bad idea I've seen the
commercials I remember the my health
platter for every good example you give
I can give a bad example though right
this isn't really a good argument well I
think like there's a value in finding
the things where we are prone to be more
rational I guess like would you like I
think like for example sex drugs and in
general like things like not challenging
yourself are things where we are pretty
much the nature of those things they're
designed all
to get you to they're pretty much
designed to make you make irrational
decisions like to feed into okay like
the whole point of like cigarettes for
example and like all drugs is we like
their their point is to make you make an
irrational decision and if those things
like they are targeted towards harm and
biases in yourself then shouldn't just
saying okay you know what even if I
think right now for me it is okay for me
to smoke I just need to appeal the group
the group is the way to do it it's like
kind of accepting our own irrationality
in certain ways well hold on if you've
got the tools to identify which
behaviors are irrational and then you
decide to go with the culture on that
then you didn't really go with the
culture you made the decision not to do
it so you didn't really need the
groupthink there at all right you
already had the ability to self audit
and figure out what was good or not I
think more from like a category
perspective more than like for example
when I was like 19 or 20 or something
like that I couldn't think of a good
reason not to smoke marijuana every day
because that's it's a really hard thing
not to do and it took me a long time
before I realized that you know if you
smoke marijuana every day like despite
the fact that there's not gonna be any
long-term negatives of it like to
explain the reasons why it's not good
like smoked marijuana every day or
something like that or do drugs every
day it is very difficult for like a
person to understand yeah but again
you're only giving me good examples like
what about like hating Muslims like this
is an idea that we can inherit
culturally pretty easily yeah but but I
do think like the larger idea like I do
think that most people don't I don't
think so well in the United States I
mean that's our a coupon depending on
which groups you're talking about but do
you think like especially when it comes
to things like like I don't have the
means of like studying like the like if
I don't have the means of studying like
strict psychology or in that case
religion or something appealing to like
being able to say you know what I don't
have enough knowledge on the subject I
just need to appeal to the group on this
I I don't know enough to say whether or
not my shoulder shouldn't hate Muslims
or should a shirt or shouldn't use drugs
you know maybe using this drug is a good
idea but I don't have the capability of
properly studying this for myself I need
to appeal yeah but what you're I guess
what you're saying there
really sound like groupthink to me that
sounds like an individual like that that
sounds like an individual like making a
decision to trust like an authority
figure like for instance like I don't
have the necessary time to measure out
like the efficiency of every single car
so I'm just gonna rely on I don't know
if I'm eatin
what is the emissions is the EPA is in
charge of like miles per gallon listing
on cars and [ __ ] like making sure that's
accurate like I would trust them to do
it but I don't know if I would consider
that groupthink
so much as like relying on like an
authority figure to tell you what's okay
or not okay I think it's a little
different now maybe for more specific
things like specific technology working
or sure but I think like even for like
the grand decision like I guess picking
out ideas I think I think what's like an
idea like what's something you think
that you wouldn't be able to like figure
out on your own
assuming you have like a reasonable
thought process that you would need to
like appeal to like a kind of like a
group identity to figure out I think one
big with like another like trap I felt I
guess when I was like 19 20 around that
time is that I felt a lot more
comfortable like being in my own shell
and being as an individual weight a 1981
you did yeah how old are you I'm oh
never mind never mind never mind never
mind sorry keep going yes so around that
time like I felt like that kind of cuz I
I just like we all have our like
introverted moods now and then we're
just like that was more like I you know
discover more the internet oh my god I
could I could just listen to podcasts I
could like watch streams and I could do
all that stuff I don't need to socialize
I don't need to go make friends I don't
need to do any of that because at least
for now
at least for the near future I'm feeling
a lot more happy doing this listening
music doing all this stuff I know the
conventional wisdom which I had been
following for all of my younger years
for the first 18 years my life like I
forced myself to socialize of course
myself to be friends with all people
make friends socialize do all that stuff
but then once like I decided you know
what I don't need to just I was told all
that time we need to do that but maybe
I'm just different maybe I don't need to
do all those things I think that's like
an example of that and I like those
things were like there are times where
you
have certain behaviors which are
suboptimal and the group kind of knows
what is generally optimal for a human
play as far as how by your happiness
like the group knows that you should
make friends and like the more you
socialize the happier you are and things
like that obviously it there are like
what about like the fact that so many
people are like depressed and [ __ ] today
and yeah for sure and like I'm not I'm
not saying like just completely listen
to the group for everything
well that's but this is the thing what
I'm saying is like it's an all or
nothing but you can't selectively listen
to the group because once you're
selectively listening to the group
you're no longer listening to the group
so like if you're making if you have
you've like a decision tree right you
either are step one or you kind of go
with everything that society says if
there's a step prior to that what you
have to evaluate whether or not what
society says is good or bad then you're
appealing to some higher order like
thought process to get there does that
make sense yeah I think what I would
like I would appeal to first I would say
this is a decision to complete I think
being able to say this decision is too
complicated for me I'm just going to
appeal to the group I think that is a
very valuable skill yeah if you can do
that yeah I do that yeah I think it
everybody has to do it you can't
possibly know everything about
everything for sure but that's not just
going along with the group I don't think
I think that's a different thing right
yeah I'd like I think like even as
you're doing okay okay let me get to
another one oh I guess it just is like a
more personal thing because I know like
you said you were feeling like depressed
and all that stuff earlier and feeling
deprived I thought you were saying you
were feeling like that's why you need to
go to New Zealand and all that stuff oh
that was just dumb relationship [ __ ] I
was just [ __ ] stupid as [ __ ] don't
what's good okay that was the ten
seconds of a nice chat okay next topic
okay this topic is do you believe that
it is wrong to help someone to do
something that would be negative for
themselves
for example let's say you're in a room
with someone and you have a knife and
someone wants to cut themselves do you
and they don't have a knife
no other access to a knife do you think
if they ask you for the knife that you
are more ibly I guess you don't really
believe a moral obligation are you
morally obligated to give them the knife
or not give them the knife or yeah what
do you think Oh
I mean it would depend on whether or not
you would view them harming themselves
as a right or a wrong thing well I think
we could assume like for example like
like the regular cuts like not like deep
puncher like the cutting your wrist
thing like it's bad it's definitely bad
it's not catastrophic but it's bad so do
you think you have a moral obligation to
not hand them the knife or kind of yeah
I mean I don't think you should yeah I
know I don't think you should enable
behavior like that it's probably pretty
bad okay fair enough do you think that
applies okay their topic is driving and
speeding so this is something where I
recently experienced with this and I
know that you have your thing I'm
speeding and all that just so my quick
story that happened recently for me I
was speeding well not speeding no sorry
I shouldn't say that I was going like
maybe like five above the limit or
something someone else made in the
deagle turn it was a very bad they
basically drove right in front of me
yeah and it's been ruled by insurance
all that not my fault all that but I do
feel like if I had been going slower I
did sort of hit there's no way that hit
could have been avoided the damage could
have been slightly reduced pressure and
if I had been going faster then like say
if I'd been if I was speeding by say 15
or 20 kilometers an hour I might be dead
and that puts someone another other car
might be dead so what the wait are you
Canadian yeah okay well yeah but you
sound American but so obviously Canadian
sorry okay go ahead yeah so do you think
like what do you think about speeding
like do you speed on like I don't want
to say residential roads like for
example if it's like a tube two lane
street two lanes on each side I guess
total four do you think it's acceptable
to go like above like 30 or 40 in those
areas I guess 3040 miles per hour
sure what I mean I do I mean it depends
on the road I mean I typically don't
speed on like when you say residential
stuff I don't like driving quickly near
like
parked cars because things can pop out
and that makes me really uncomfortable
but I mean like unlike a two-lane like
non-residential Road I probably do well
in the case of mine like it was someone
they were they were turning left out of
a ball and they just they look to one
side they look to the right they just
didn't see me at all sure I mean like
the most important thing is
acknowledging that what you said on
whether or not that's true
which is or if you were going faster
would it have prevented you from getting
into an accident or would it have caused
more damage that's almost the answer to
that should almost always be yes anytime
you increase speed past a certain level
or or eat from any level you're
increasing the ability for you to get
into an accident the probability of you
forgetting an accident and then whatever
accident you get into is going to be
made worse because you're going faster I
mean that's almost always true with with
very rare exceptions yeah for sure like
especially like with the ability to if
someone else makes a mistake yeah for
sure you only you could your reaction
times or can only be so fast as if you
were only human right okay yeah okay so
one thing I want to ask you because I
think you've talked a lot about like you
say you aren't interested in strategy at
all so I'm wondering why aren't you
interested oh I'm sorry this is like the
strategy of like politics and all that
like strategically rhetoric right it's
just some of it was interesting I got so
I'm wondering why aren't you interested
in that like do you not find because I
think like the psychology of why people
believe what they believe like the
biases that like there are people who
are otherwise very very smart people who
because of cognitive biases for whatever
reason can fall into certain traps and
yeah I mean it's interesting I like I
used to growing up I used to be like a
Louisville like I was like a level 2
sociopath where like manipulating people
are lying to people was like very fun
for me like very edgy made me feel
really good like pulling off a good life
feels very good but now I'm like level 4
a sociopath or it's like I just don't
care about people enough to even go
through that trouble like I guess I
growing up it used to be like if I felt
like I wanted something out of somebody
like telling a certain number of Lies or
weaving together certain tales and like
fooling people felt really good but
nowadays I feel like if I have to lie to
somebody I'm just not gonna [ __ ] talk
to him anyway because it's not worth my
[ __ ] time so when you talk about like
rhetoric maybe when I was younger that
would have been like more exciting to me
but now it's just like if I have to lie
to somebody to convince them
saying it's true it's just very boring
to me and I just don't care to do it
it's like what yeah I science not ism
isn't that to some extent like what like
a competitive games like this like for
example and Starcraft or even in league
or something like isn't like isn't the
thrill of that like the outwitting
another person like isn't that what the
competitive like the competitive
instinct is maybe if that's what if
that's how you compete but I mean I
don't know no that's like saying like
isn't it like if you like Starcraft
shouldn't you also like football because
I mean isn't that the thrill of
Starcraft is winning the game and you
also win games and football like yeah
you do don't like enjoy the thrill of
competition I guess like that's
something I really not that type of
competition know who can like tell a
better story is not that's just not as
entertaining to me there's more
entertaining things like figuring out
like what the correct answer is is more
entertaining to me there than like who
can tell like a better story to get
somebody on their side it's for me at
least fair enough and I guess where that
kind of gets into is cuz I kind of feel
like I'm I mean I'm sure yet this lot
that people feel like they're and
similar bows to you and that for certain
things but one like your priority I
think you've said a lot is like your
happiness and that's like your priority
and sometimes I feel like I don't know
when I'm looking too much at short term
or so too much at long term happiness
and I'm wondering in your case do you
think that you strategize well for your
long-term happiness like I think one
example of this were I don't know that
you've talked about whether or not you
have sex addiction addiction or
something like that and seeking
immediate sexual pleasure over seeking a
loving relationship like have you like
put a lot of thought into that um I
think I'm too busy for most women so I
mean that's that's where I'm at I would
have to make significant it seems like I
would have to make significant changes
to my life or find a woman that is like
okay with me paying like far less
attention to her then I guess most
people expect to be paid attention to in
a relationship so I mean do you think
you're interested in love like is that
something I mean I kind of feel that way
but I don't want to make like a
significant change to my life to get
there
do you think that that's gonna lead to
like your optimal happiness in terms of
well I mean I haven't found somebody
right now that I'm willing to give up
like a significant chunk of my career
for so I mean I mean as far as like the
people in your life who like have loved
and like you have made sacrifices for do
you do not feel like your life is better
off like for having them or I mean like
in terms of like for women I mean I
don't know I haven't I just haven't
found someone where it's like oh I want
to sacrifice are you almost dead but I
don't know if I find that person I will
I mean it's not like I don't know what I
mean like what am I supposed to do like
load up like 50 mm like OkCupid profiles
like if I run into this person I will I
mean like I'm available to it but I'm
just not like actively seeking I don't
have the time to do this I don't even
know if this person exists like well not
to appeal to cultural norms here but
isn't this an aspect where like the vast
majority of people and like they are
seeking out love like this is what our
culture tells us to do this is what our
media tells us to do this is what all of
our ancestors have done is a seeked out
love seeped out a loving relationship
with a person yeah sure but I live like
the vast majority of my life and it far
more lonely state than most people and I
seem to do like really well in that
state so I mean I don't know if I feel
the same pressures or drives to like
find somebody like everybody else does
so I mean I think I'm okay do you feel
like there may be some biases which are
stopping you from doing like from like
this you like making the short term
sacrifice that would give you I don't
think so I think I'm pretty honest with
myself I mean I've enjoy what I do right
now I enjoyed the different people I get
to associate with and I enjoy the
freedom that I have I mean I've tried
and I've been married right and I have
like you know like I've had long-term
relationships like it's not like I've
never been in a relationship before and
I don't know what it would be like to
finally settle down like I mean I've
tried all these things before so would
you say that you say you've given love a
chance I guess or you can try and think
so yeah and again I'm still like open to
it I just it's just not something that
I'm like actively like I just not I
don't have somebody like that right now
I just don't
okay fair enough like I like I'm this is
something the main reason I'm asking
it's not just like for the sake of like
analyzing you it's for the sake like I
know I need to know for myself because
I'm getting up there too
and I think I mean getting up there damn
chill I'm only thirty holy [ __ ] I think
I'm five holy [ __ ]
thank you 28 I feel like a grandpa and
like I'm wondering myself like should I
be going out and seeking love because I
do sometimes have that feeling like I do
want love I do like I mean if you're
super [ __ ] lonely if that's like a
big thing then yeah make lend you should
be like making OkCupid profiles are
going out and socializing more and
putting yourself out there I think would
be really healthy for you yeah yeah but
but I also I don't want to sacrifice my
lifestyle so well that I mean at the end
of the day I mean like here's the thing
right Pat time passes no matter what you
do you're gonna be 35 and in seven years
no matter what happens there's no way
that you can avoid that so when you hit
that age you can either look back and
think well you know I could have set
aside these things and found somebody to
love and I would have that or you know
well I decided to pursue these things
that I thought made me happy and now I
have that right you at some point you
have to make the decision on whether or
not that's worth it or not for you I
mean like in looking back I don't know
if I would be happy giving up all the
things related to my career in order to
find somebody to love I don't think I
would be happy with that
so I mean that's just a decision that
I've made nobody else can make that
decision for you though yeah I really I
just wanted to get your input on that
because like that's something I like I'm
thinking about a lot for myself
mm-hmm alright so just what okay there's
one more topic what do you think about
email spam specifically I want to talk
about one which i think is kind of like
a more racist form and I think it's a
kind of ironic it's good entire onic the
way I'm bringing it up I think the come
on bro you know is used in a racist way
which I don't think is good
like for example anytime anyone uses the
word black they'll say oh my god come on
bro what's the what's he trying to say
he used the word black or they even if
they're just referring to the color
mm-hm unfortunately people like if
someone uses the word steal or something
like that they'll say oh you're trying
to say something like that I'm generally
okay with this one right now and I might
change how I feel about in the future
but I'm generally okay because
usually and I'm obviously I'm relying on
my own observation or so I maybe I
missed up usually when I see people say
c'mon bruh it's usually in regards to
like somebody saying something that
could be perceived as racist but it's
usually how I see use now maybe it's
possible that's not how it always is but
if that's like the case I'm okay with
that
do you think that that might push the
stereotype that whoa you got to watch
what you say around black people because
if you say the wrong thing around black
people they're just gonna go crazy
they're they're not gonna be happy with
you well I mean it you should watch what
you say around anybody I mean like not
just black people but like yeah yeah but
that's kind of what it is like black
people live now on Twitch all these
black people oh and I'm sorry real quick
to qualify as this is just what I think
about in my chat I don't know how it's
used on other try it's probably using a
really [ __ ] racism a another chance
I'm not yeah sorry yeah but I also feel
like and this is the thing that kind of
makes it I were on it is that I kind of
also think it plays into the thing of SJ
jobless and all that stuff being
oversensitive where you know oh you
could say even even if you say the word
black then SJ dog wasn't going to go
crazy over it and all black people are
gonna overreact like crazy if you use
the word black they're gonna go crazy if
they're gonna say oh that's racist
that's racist so I mean I like I said
like if I say something in chat where if
I like if I say something oh my god I'm
trying to sound races or whatever but
like can like well like I might say
something can black people get sunburned
right like this is like these are
question of having the past I'm not sure
like your darkest ink people get
sunburned if you're like oh come on bro
whatever it's kind of like I do like
that's racist or like and that kind of a
Mimi joke I think it's okay right I'm
generally looking like when I try to
think of like it's a joke harmful and
I'm really trying to think of like
what's the punch line if the punch line
is literally like lol
black people then that's probably not
like a good punch line right it's
probably not what we want right but if
the punch line is like lol maybe that's
racist like I mean that's okay that's an
okay punch so I don't think that's
necessarily bad don't do you think the
punch line black that joke is all black
people are overly sensitive no I don't
think so I feel like it's a read I think
I think that's a reach that's it feels
like a reach to me I could be wrong I
guess well oh yeah but I I didn't notice
like I much as I sometimes participate
in emote spam I'm much of a fan of a
person who's like another I don't like
is anyone anytime anyone brings up
something sexual
they bring up gotcha gasm which makes me
think that like though the role of gay
people is or sexual things to happen but
um there's a lot of really [ __ ] up
stuff related to homosexuality that at
some point I should probably talk about
more but like yeah like homosexuality is
basically used as a punchline in a lot
of things like it's literally lol gay
lol gay people great people it's funny
lol nothing's funny destroyed guys
getting raped and even like in a
punitive sense we use like lol you're
gonna go to prison get [ __ ] raped ha
like yeah like there's a lot of really
kind of negative ways that we deal with
um like homosexuality and society it's
pretty [ __ ] weird I think it's pretty
unhealthy but that's kind of a whole
other thing to deal with but yeah I
probably agree with you there yeah oh
yeah yeah there and there and then to be
clear like there the punch line is more
than because the punch line there a lot
of times is like lol that's gay
and that's funny like on its own like
[ __ ] gay is funny because it's
[ __ ] because it's gay because it's so
[ __ ] weird it's gay you know and it's
like okay I don't know how I feel about
that makes me feel a little weird yeah I
sometimes get that sense from like the
like over homoeroticism between like
straight friends although I don't think
that's as big of a deal well no because
I feel it's similar there even as well
because that's literally the same thing
as like dude like lol gay like and it's
like okay you know I don't know I think
the punch line is literally like that's
so funny and it's literally just funny
because it's gay like that's the joke
you know I don't know I don't yeah I
feel like it's just kind of a no-no I
don't ya know my comfort I was
comfortable without I guess oh yeah I
guess just long this is the last one and
it's kind of more fun do you have an
idea for like a long-term game which are
going to be playing because I feel like
it's nice to like not nowadays like it's
harder to like watch like the gaming
stuff on your stream and then like
obviously like the stuff you say I'm
sure you know what to do that like
that's like the main appeal of the of
the stream now so do you think that like
you're gonna find like a true long-term
game that you could play the chat can
kind of be like invested in and you can
go with I kind of wanted to do anything
sledge ins but I wish I came we'd have a
[ __ ] ladder I really I actually
really enjoy playing it mix legends so I
might play that more
[ __ ] we'll see how while classic goes
to maybe that'll end up being something
pretty good yeah alright thanks a lot
for indulging all my [ __ ] yeah no
problem you should thank somebody have
fun
[Music]
